 and the salespeople are friendly. It's a good bargain to get the Ann Taylor credit card (and pay it off every month) because you'll get lots of great coupons for in-store and online shopping."  and quality of product as a whole. The staff at this location is sub-par and do not reflect the brand well. I hope that Loft does not lose customers based on negative customer service experiences.... They're lucky that I like the product enough to ignore some occasional rudeness." "I love this particular LOFT store! Everything is nicely set and the atmosphere is relaxing. The quality of clothes is really good and I do believe it's good value for money. They usually have more chic and classic clothes which I love. The staff is exceptional here. I love that they are really trying to help finding the right clothes for you instead of telling you ""how beautiful everything looks on you"". I always feel welcomed and I really do appreciate the fact that I am not being approached by a staff member every two minutes (this unfortunately happens in a lot of other stores in this area). This store feels more personal. Combine that with quality and affordable clothes and happy staff members and you definitely have a new regular customer!"  I was immediately curious. I found myself in a hallway lobby with stairs to the different levels and apparel sections. I had literal Dj vu to the last Banana I had stepped into: the Soho- NYC location. Just like in soho I definitely will be back."  it's usually expensif. But keep an eye out for the sales; they always seem to have something on offer in-store or online. This store has a pretty decent selection and friendly service. I can usually find what I want in my size. It's BR - you get good quality  and I absolutely love the Abby flats. They are extremely comfortable while still being stylish. They get new colors seasonally "This review is a bit biased because the only reason I walked in here was because I had a gift card. This store really isn't my thing: it's way too upscale and expensive  I had a great time shopping here with my husband on Saturday! We shopped on all 3 floors and received multiple offers for assistance. My husband was the focus of the trip  big multi-story Banana with a friendly staff and great selection. Also we totes saw Ygritte from Game of Thrones aka actress Rose Leslie! We played it cool but kept saying ""Jon Snow"" once we parted ways."  pick out 3 tops that were really nice when they were clearly really busy and they got me a dressing room within seconds upstairs in the mens department. The staff was really helpful and accommodating when I asked if they had a different size. I will certainly be back for some more clothes."  this is a good shop for concert attire. I also bought my winter coat and two leather bags- one was a gift- and several tops and jeans on sale. I can say that I have never paid full price on anything. There are sales every week and you can get email notifications."  if you're into what BR has to offer and you're in the city I also like the staff that work in this particular store.  They are helpful PS - their shoes are actually extremely cute but overlooked - take a look!" etc. AND incredible service from savvy salespeople."  REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRAT. And you just lost all of our business. I can't believe someone would alienate their customers It's tucked away from the street.  They had a wide variety of beautiful pieces.  Upon entering the staff was nice enough.  They greeted me (from the couch) and offered to help me.  The designers are top notch and the prices match.  only that the people there are literally the nicest collection of individuals in all of Pittsburgh  even a humble college student like me at the time.  The sales ladies there really knew their jeans and made excellent recommendations on which jeans would fit my figure the best.  This place is one of the things I miss most since moving out of Pittsburgh."  and have been hooked ever since.  7 For All Mankind Bronze Swarovski Crystal Pockets.  Fantastic experience."  Tory Burch....a small selection of shoes (even some Prada).  A selection of nice jewelry and a good selection of knits.  They had one of my fave knitwear company's Not really for females under 45.  the blond sales associate judged my friend and I by staring at us and abruptly walking away without a greeting. My friend was given dirty looks form the elderly sales associate while I tried to ignore the rudeness and enjoy the clothing. I am not complaining about the prices So I wrote a review but it was filtered. I think people should know how awful this place is before stepping inside. I have no ties to this place; I don't know any of the other owners of shops in Shadyside and I am 100% un-bias and wrote my review purely on my experience there. Why was it filtered?  The Row...their designer list is endless! I can not believe the shoes and the jewelery was amazing...Irene Neuwirth This store carries beautiful pieces (I look longingly at their shoes every time I pass by their storefront window). I've shopped here only a handful of times because normally the prices are wayyyy outside of my budget. When I came in last week I was sloppily dressed even by my own standards but was pleasantly surprised at the wonderful service I received from every single saleswoman in the store. They really went above and beyond. Marla is a sweetheart; she even waved and greeted me on the street a few days later. Can't wait to shop there again :)  but this is a pretty good store. High stock and usually carries whatever you see online in-store  working out at the gym and taking steroids. Scored myself a wallet with a chain. Why? Why not I ask you. My initiation for SamCro is next week (SOA reference alert). Just kidding Most Hot Topics are small & crowded . This HT is bigger & more spacious. I can actually walk through the store without being in someone's way.  but I always find something worth my short trek. The cashiers are helpful with the handful of coupons that I bring with me too!"  she was so nasty on the phone I decided to not go get the boxes......I DO NOT CARE who SHITTED Into your Corn flakes! You do not answer the phone in that manner! Next time your country ass needs to stay home from work. She should be lucky I wasn't her supervisor!" The only person in that store that was pleasant was this lady in shoes who was handing out coupons.  She was the real MVP in that store."  I loved shopping here and can not wait to go back!" g3GOYDjQ5bO-rj9GoHZ0bw "DUST BUNNY. Ive never really been a fan of Express. This store usually has dust bunny ridden floors and the changing rooms change all the time from what side is open. Usually only the womens side is open. Had to return a few things because they didnt fit after being washed once. ALSO what ever you see in the window "This is probably the best place in Charlotte to shop for jeans.  The best thing about the Poole Shop is that even though it seems like it could one of typical snobby stores where everything is ridiculously expensive and the sales staff is rude  there is a bunch of stuff to choose from in this department.  The only down side is that it is kind of a small store so the selection isn't the biggest  which was nice to see amongst several very expensive and more conservative stores. They do have a nice selection and  come in and see their art-displays and two-story vertical garden by French landscape architect Patrick Blanc."  and I particularly liked their jewelry. In the back they had a sale section with some great dresses and tops. Only thing about this place is that the girls don't seem to be interested in helping anyone or saying hello. I didn't mind so much because I'd rather browse alone  other times nothing. I mostly go there to get long-sleeved tops. They almost always have good cocktail party dresses  and she's got really good taste as far as I can tell. Some nice gear here--seems like women from 18-40 could find good stuff here for a night on the town or for work." "Good low to high price selection of cute clothes. The items on the lower end of the spectrum seem to have been vetted for quality (clothes more than jewelry). The sales associates I spoke with were very friendly  oh my goodness most of the pieces are  unreasonably priced. It is outrageous. I have purchased a few items. Most have been end of season sale items. I did purchase a beautiful sweater for $125 which I absolutely love but that was an unusually high priced purchase for me. If you have the dough to spend It would be a great place for a teeny bopper looking for some type of club clothes...otherwise Luna has a lot of cute clothes! They seem to run out of smaller sizes quickly though. They once made an error with one of my online orders and they resolved it which I appreciated. The store is always well staffed and the staff is helpful and friendly. Really nice clothes. Good selection. Prices are high to reasonable. Girls were courteous and helpful. A little chatty with each other though. G9U_t5ClPfexHheBdj5V0Q  but much of what I found in here was unjustifiably expensive - it didn't even make sense to spend that kind of money on the dresses they had here. Most of which were very plain and didn't even look like they were worth anything near what they were asking for them. The saleswomen were very nice "I am not sure why you would rate a store less because you can't afford to shop there. I saw that the ladies below were treated well and invited to private events. If you can't afford to shop "Ann Taylor loft clothing beats Ann Taylor any day.  It is more stylish and less expensive.  They often have great sales going on and if you are a young professional woman Crappy customer service.  I was the only minority in the store the whole time (wearing Ann Taylor clothes I had previously purchased at other stores) and these biotches followed me around like I was going to steal something. 7RPQOurtiDWjKNILE9bu1g Terrible customer service. Was denied the option to return items out of return window that was easily taken back and reimbursed at an alternate location. Was not allowed to talk to a manager when requested.  Disappointed this represents the LOFTs brand. And I believe they're the only place in town that has Allen Edmonds shoes. Just like the store  and they were very friendly. For that I give them 5 stars." I have purchased items as gifts and my fiance has bought some suits here. I will continue to support this local store that has been in the community a very long time." "My partner (who is African American and prestigious doctor in or community) have patronized this establishment several times and have always purchased $500+ or more with every visit.  When we walk in she also has her own clothing line which is worth checking out."  and most importantly the Eileen Fischer line. How can you not love comfort and sleekness all in one? Anyway It's demeaning and unnecessary. It's not worth the visit. Bella is more professional." "I totally agree with Jade.  The moment I walked throught the door I felt like Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman . . .the store where she got rejected!  The clerk was staring at me like I was some kind of a kleptomaniac.  The shop was just okay for me.  Some things were very chic and appropriatley priced for chic  so you can be sure that anything you purchase there is the absolute best. The jewelry is incredible and the staff is helpful and honest when you need an opinion on something you are purchasing. LOVE it there!"  that will last many years with amazing style.  I love that I know I won't be walking down the street and see 8 people in the same piece of clothing like items you find at the mall.  Also "Every so often I'll try this place out and I manage to always find something that I have to have. It's a bit pricy  but the feeling is overcompensated by wearing a Skunkfunk dress over jeans under a smart Skunkfunk coat. That's how I sleep at night. In my Skunkfunk fancies."  and the stuff lasts a long time!  Gotta like that."  sales selection is often pick over...you should just go to the Mills This store just isn't what it used to be.  :( Thank you Old Navy for always having great deals around the Christmas Holiday "Today I happened to stop by at this Old Navy location looking to purchase last clothes and shoes for my little sisters who are going away for summer break abroad with their father.   After deciding what shoes I was happy with I remembered I did not recall my sisters shoe size.  As I searched for my phone I realized I had forgotten it at home. ( oh bummer ) I politely asked to use store phone and was declined the service.   ""But I drove here from a fair distance can I just use it to call and verify the shoe size of the six year old and ten year old"".  ""Can you just make a guess and if they don't fit I can say Old Navy is not pricy and always affordable. Great sales in the back on clearance. You will find mens Seems like Old Navy caters more and more to kids and women. Men's selection gets smaller and smaller each time I visit. I think I've had enough.  kudos to these guys for staying cool under the pressure of Black Friday."  but not when I am spending almost 100 on clothing and accessories from a ""brand name"" store. I purchased a pair of pants and the security tag was left on them. I returned to the store with the original receipt and all the tags on the pants. The women saw me as the alarm went off when I walked in This place was packed with people. I still was able to get in and get all my items in a relatively quick time. Just about 30 min! The line was so long but I got through quick! The jeans table placed right next to the line enthused me to buy a pair! At the checkout one on my sweaters rang up only $10 and the lady let me run back and grab a second one! For that price can't be beat! Love this place! A few weeks ago a woman told me that Famous Footwear is great about returns even without a receipt. I crossed my fingers and took his shoes in to exchange them for a new pair. I was pleasantly surprised when they exchanged the shoes for me without a fuss or dirty look. I really appreciated the understanding given to my situation and the smooth process of exchanging the defective shoes." I went into the store today and 2 girls were chatting with a customer/friend at the front door. They didn't look at me or acknowledged the fact that I walked in. I wondered around the store looking and tried so shoes on and decided to wait until the customer left to see if they would say hello. Well...the customer left and they continued to stay up front talking. They never once acknowledged me. I proceeded to walk out of the store and they didn't even look at me or say bye. It was the worst service I have had in a long time. I could have taken the entire store and these 2 wouldn't have known. Very very poor service. I feel bad for whoever is paying them. Great customer service last night I can't remember her name darn it but she was so patient I downloaded the app and all for the additional discount coming back for my daughters shoes for school tomorrow . Went to get boots for my daughter who is size 11. I wasn't very optimistic I would find a pair on x-mass eve in her size. But I did! Super cute! They had 3-4 to choose from that were in her size! I'm amazed and I was literally out of there in less than 10 min!!!!  I was blatantly ignored by all sales reps. But then a white woman came in who was immediately approached and was asked if she needed help. I was so shocked and disappointed that I left without purchasing. I was treated differently by the Ann Taylor staff due to my appearance (young Asian woman)."  I was blatantly ignored by all sales reps. But then a white woman came in who was immediately approached and was asked if she needed help. I was so shocked and disappointed that I left without purchasing. I was treated differently by the Ann Taylor staff due to my appearance (young Asian woman)." I come here often the customer service sucks . I came in twice last week and was greeted not once infact they completely ignore you!!! They seriously need some customer service skills. Still Love the clothes!!  the choices are slim. They have about three different bathrobes to choose from and not much in the skivvie department either. I prefer Needless much more then Slack's. I'm just sayin'..."  she helped me pick out the best scented candle and carefully wrapped it up for me in that special Jo Malone way complete with black grosgrain ribbon and black tissue paper.  Another highlight of the store for me was the handbags dept.  Oh my.  So many wonderful styles and brands.  I could spend hours there just touching and feeling the merchandise.  Oh If I could only figure out how to make a few boatloads of cash to purchase some of these wonderfully marketed objects  very conservative. I would just say boring. But yet I enjoy looking at it all. I do not know if they still do or not; but we used to get diamond studded dog collars in the fine jewelry. Hmmm I wonder where those are."  so obviously they have very upscale merchandise. They carry the best of the best designers...BUT-b/c Saks at the Biltmore is such a small store Went to Saks over the summer couldnt get help from anyone yet it wasnt busy. If you dont look like a million bucks dont run inside here! They wouldnt throw fire on your burning body!  the shoe and handbag departments are like candyland. total fantasy!!! it was all i could do to keep from grabbing something and running like hell... :o)"  give Lindsay a call... you will not be disappointed!"  in other words... I do not like the sales staff in that department though... Ive had a couple of experiences and they could use a bit of know how in the personalizing and customer service department... But I think for the most part...Saks rates high on the mark."  and the people they hire in the departments know their stuff. All employees are friendly and attentive and they treat you like gold. Products are of the highest quality and all the name brands are top-of-the-line. Of course "Great customer service which is not as pushy as Neiman Marcus. Love the cosmetic and purses here. I think the show selection should be much larger and have a wider variety. Saks does have great sales and promotions. A cosmetic promotion just ended where you got a tote bag with samples inside if you spend at least $75. At Neimans their cosmetic gifts require a $100 purchase Lillian at the NARS counter walked over to help us and couldn't have been nicer or more knowledgeable about all of the make-up lines that Saks carries.  She sold us all a little something and I guarantee that the next time I'm in need of some make-up "Saks Fifth Avenue is fabulous when it comes to their make-up dept. They have everything you could imagine. Samples of everything you would like to try.  They will bring you a mini bottle of water when you come in I have gone to this store for their.handbags...i have gotten a few from here...the women in the louis vuitton area were awesome and so friendly...i have come in and bought nothing and had just worked out and they were still so friendly...i have bought three items from louis vuitton area and they were so helpful and not over the top...the women in the fendi area were very nice too...i love the nice cards they send! I wish i could shop here all the time but i cannot afford it...one day...until then this place will be my special treat every now and then...  great quality. Expensive as all hell but you get the best one can buy."  I would have gone down to Scottsdale Fashion Mall myself. B) You assess this charge without even letting a customer know that would be the case? C) $15 to ship a wispy scarf?  Not your best  SO many good choices. Ha! Even I learned there is more than one JMalone. I can't deny loving the fact that my new fav smell is unisex and not too girly. AND hard to find. Since this is about Saks and not JMalone. I will get back to the review at hand! Saks 5th always has what you need and yep  she is very knowledgable and knows all about their selection of handbags. She always has a smile on her face and also very presentable. Thank you for making me feel so welcome :)"  phenomenal service.  They have an excellent assortment of Designers and the staff is super friendly.  I was greeted with genuine smiles and offered bottled water right when I walked in.  Top notch!" The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because shoe sales rack has really dwindled in size over the last year or two. Other than that  that's the ultimate test. I received excellent service in the intimate department. The saleswoman was so friendly and professional. She went above and beyond to help me. I was highly impressed with the staff and the overall organization of the store. It's nice customer service isn't lacking everywhere." "I purchased a David Yurman ring from a really friendly sales person by the name of Eiko last week. She was extremely professional and answered all of my questions.  The jewelry store was pretty empty and I actually was just passing through to get to the shoe department but stopped to window shop.  When I was asking which ring would look better on me I went in looking to find nice fragrances for my husband and I.  I was helped immediately with friendly and knowledgeable associates Ramona in Jo Malone and Tina the Chanel brand manager.  They helped me try several men's and women's fragrances in order to find the perfect one.  I also loved that they threw in some samples to try other fragrances for mixing with the Jo Malone or for winter for my husband.  I felt very at ease while shopping and seeing the huge jewelry department only tempts me more!  Also I saw some yummy Marc Jacobs candles while checking out...  Kourosh asked if he could help me. He is  very knowlegable about the inventory.  He showed me some beautiful shoes and was so patient as I tried on several pair. He has a great eye for style. I would highly recommend that you ask for him if you know exactly what shoes you want Her dedication to her job speaks very highly of her and of Saks. She was professional and extremely kind. I wish all Saks stores are as fortunate as this one to have an employee like her." 9dvuzmf1oF122Y4cZepRVA Personally if I am shopping somewhere as high end as Saks Fifth Avenue where they cater to a higher end clientele I think I deserve good customer service. I came by here today to return a shirt that I had bought recently and received major attitude by the gentleman who helped me. He treated me as though I was an inconvenience to him. I then proceeded to go upstairs to purchase some jeans and the sales guy was rude and made me feel the same way! Horrible and seriously unacceptable and I don't plan on shopping here in the future and you shouldn't either. Louis Vutton service was Perfect."  but selection of men's merchandise is quite limited.  I usually compare jewelry between Needless Mark Up and here as the quality is best.  Problem is that Saks has 1 modest sized jewelry case.  Men's clothing seems to be geared to an older market.  Cologne selection is not bad  and shared it with my friend. We loved the effect in the pictures. It made us look like we had a bronze glow. We even applied it to our chest and shoulders."  they were all nice at first but after I bought it and came back to show them some defects with my wallet they smiled at me and told me I'm pretty much out of luck.  Will never go back." How great is a store that makes you feel so welcome when you walk in the door!  The sales lady (Betty I think) came right over to us yesterday and offered us snacks and waters for the kids.  I bet she has a medical marijuana card." Worst possible customer service experience at LV.  Terrible sales associates.  DO NOT waste your time.  Go to the  Scottsdale location.  my next objective was to find a gift for my Aunt.  I caught the attention of a sales associate named Lulu.  Lulu is an angel!  She stayed with me throughout the course of my search for the perfect item.  We went to practically every department trying on and testing out products.  We went through sunglasses  I love this Saks and will always come back for more." Recently I decided I need to splurge on myself and get a Chanel bag. When I walked in the store there were 4-5 SA. I could feel their stares up and down while they played with their smart phones. I was ignored as I looked around the room to catch someone to make an eye contact with me. It took me 30 seconds to get someone to look at me. 1 customer and 5 Associates and they were all trying to pass on me. I am a well dressed person I always love to come and explore what this asks location has to offer. Lots of nice inventory and very nicely laid out  the only redemption was a lady working in the hat section who was SO gracious and nice I absolutely love Saks Fifth Avenue! Especially the Phoenix location! Here you'll find many different designers as well as the usual Gucci and Prada. Currently they're opening up Arizona's only Givenchy Store Disappointed in their shoe return policy.  I will not shop for shoes there again.  Other high end stores will accept returns even after you have worn the shoes if they don't fit or cause blisters etc.  saks refused to accept a return for a defect in the shoes and doesnt even have a shoe repair person to atleast fix the defect. "love this store! I come here with my dad whenever we are in the biltmore area and I always have amazing service! I prefer this saks to the other locations ( Bev hills Saks has amazing tailoring & alterations that will work with clothing brand not only Saks merchandise."  not one representative looked me in the eye or bothered to ask if I needed assistance. I'm really hoping it's not because we were the only Hispanics. Snooty vibe Luis the manager here is the pinnacle of customer service. Champagne for the men as the women shopped for shoes. This store and the staff are all class.  this is my jam.  I can't help but say hello and chitchat with all the beautiful women at the make-up counters. They are all so pleasant and eager to help me. Especially the tall Serbian woman at the Chanel counter. She always has my favorite lotions  no one asked if I needed help or even bothered to say hi. I went out of my way to say hi to a sales gal who has a stick up her ass with an English accent. I have on occasions experienced lovely sales people. I did manage to find a lovely sales gal downstairs in Gucci who helped me with my handbag purchase today (she made my day!). I may go shopping not dressed up sometimes  a coat and some lacy stockings.  Sonya was very helpful and the selection was great.  I usually shop at the Kierland one "The clothing style is amazing. I love their fashion sense. This is my top store to buy clothes from. I spend at least $500 a year on clothes here. Its a kind of upper scale classy type of dress occasion. Some items can be expensive  their men's section is like a foot wide  you won't find competitive boutique owners fighting over used goods just to take a seamrippper to the tag and add their own.  You won't have to deal with the smell of urine in the dressing room like Buffalo...  There are only a few privet dressing rooms but there is a huge changing area for those not-so-modest gals.  It's always a good experience.  And they give you the hangers to take home... It's the little things really." * Store is always empty" I am devasted that they up and closed this place with no warning.  We have been loyal shoppers there for years!  Great deals were to be had by all.  I think the location did them in.  No one knew they were there!  They will be missed! "On my once at least monthly trip to Loehmanns today I was devastated to see the big blue sign stating the space is available?!?! I feel like they didn't even warn loyal gold and diamond member shoppers before they just left us. I will probably not buy another item of clothing in this state again for a while. The only reason I am even able to compose myself enough to write a review is that I work in San Diego every month and my office is a mile from th fashion valley Loehmanns... which is bigger and better than this one is anyway. So... if any Phoenicians need a fix  much to my dismay I see your blog that it is closed. VERY SAD! I have bought so many very cool things at this store. I am originally from back east and it was so nice to see a store from home  he'll be so bedazzled by your beauty that the only thing he will be able to think about is which magnificent restaurant to take you out to dinner!!!"  please visit Kiss Me Kate!! I stopped into this little boutique and in a moment was awash with four of the most pleasant people with whom I've come in contact -- delightful fLkKbaWibWo6eaA4SPfrzg  fun accessories and helpful sales associates.  This place is a must for your spring wardrobe.  So fun!!!"  GET THERE! Browse a little and see what's there. Merchandise changes and they close the stores to prepare for the next BIG shipment of stuff. Check out their website and look for closing dates. There are special clearance sales when you get an additional discount off the already clearance priced items which are already discounted from regular retail prices." "I was extremely underwhelmed with Tuesday Morning. The commercial with Lauren Bacall is classy "They always have something interesting there.  I have found several great pots and pans and other cooking things.  They also have a good selection of cookbooks.  They also often have cheaper prices than Amazon!  Every time I go they have new things.  One thing  good sales. If they don't have your size they will mail them to you at no additional charge" Great selection of shoes and good sales. I bought these shoes and the bottoms were really dirty from the sales floor. The woman working there was helpful and nice Now I am stuck with a store credit for a store that I won't go to again!" "I hate buckle almost as much as I hate Juicy Coture. Its just wishy washy angsty ""teen"" clothing thats like emo skater with an edgy rebellious flair "The sales staff must be paid on commission here because they will not leave you alone...EVER! I think if I told them I was contagious they would still fight over who got to ""help"" me shop. I am an independent shopper..if I want help than I will ask  the $100 a pair jeans are all made right here in 'merica. Yee haw!" "I had the most horrible shopping experience here today.  I went to go get a new pair of jeans and when I walked in the sales associate came up to me and asked if he could help.  He then proceeded to argue with me about what size I am.  He finally let me try on a size that is one size smaller than I wear.  I tried them on while the whole time he stood outside of the dressing room telling me about how everyone calls him ""the jean guy"" and that i should tell all my friends to come get their jeans from him.  After I tried on the jeans that were so tight I could barely breath he then told me that I could NOT try on a size larger. I was so livid I threw the jeans down and walked out. I will never go back and I will not be telling my friends about ""the jean guy.""" R8gQHxVqHhehMINgAAfHPw  i am only going to arrowhead Buckle from now on!! completely ignored at pv and there selection was poor."  a little pushy but nice about it.  I see some reviews about the sales people being very pushy - you can just say I'll grab ya if I need you.  My experiences have been decent.  They do seem to have high quality clothing and accessories - definitely on the high $ end." Went in today to grab some shorts and ended up with some kicks and a couple shirts.  Staff was awesome and attentive - even entertained my kid while I tried a few things on.  They didnt press me to buy.  Mario led a team of 2 others and all three were great.  I will definitely pop my head again in next time Im at the mall.  i will definitely not be returning. And have your employees smile every once in awhile.. Instead of looking like a sticks up their butt." Awesome customer service! The two girls yesterday working the register were so fast and efficient getting their line down. I also did a return and they both made it simple and not complicated. I got help trying to find what I needed and the girl working the dressing room was very speedy too. Love this wet seal! 