 it was a pretty excellent way to spend $65."  I am looking forward to filing my taxes."  every year I look forward to doing my taxes and it's all because I can leave everything in Duane's caring and capable hands. His rates beat the big folks and his staff are bi-lingual and extremely accommodating. Duane is smart I think I hugged Duane two times today! We just did our taxes through Beckett Tax and my husband and I couldn't have been happier with the results! I would recommend him in a heartbeat. All of these other reviews are so true. He made taxes fun (who knew?!) and made the numbers (that feel like a foreign language to me) easy to understand. Awesome! "I was recommended to contact Beckett Tax by a friend from Wisconsin.  I called and got Sarah on the phone who was very friendly and helpful and made the whole tax preparing process easy.  I live in a different state and she worked efficiently to figure out multiple state tax issues  no complimentary coffee.  Despite the lack-luster surroundings the CPA's at Beckett seemed very professional and down to Earth.  The were very thorough with their analysis of my tax returns and offered me some suggestions for 2012.  Upon completion of my taxes I was assured that if the IRS had any questions or wanted to do an audit that their organization would defend me free of cost; with no added ""insurance"" fee required.  The final cost for preparation was probably a 1/5 the cost of the my pervious preparer "I never thought I would feel so passionately about my accountants. But finding myself part owner of a small business  I'm not sure whether I will actually even need an accountant again in the forseeable future You will NEVER be treated this way with Duane or his staff. Very meager charges for what you get back in your return with Duane. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!"  it is so worth it.  It sounds like there are going to be some changes and a move I'll be back next year."  he really helped saved my small business from a storm of self-inflicted IRS issues. You couldn't find a more knowledgeable These people are fantastic-o! Really fair prices. Great customer service." "We were not impressed at all. We took the time to sit down with one of their accountants and explained exactly what we needed them to do for our businesses. Spent at least an hour and a half going thru everything and provided them with all the information they needed. They told us they understood and sold us on their services - but clearly they either didn't understand or were incapable of doing anything that didn't fit into their rigid structure. A quarter later we called to follow up and we got a ""I'm too busy for you right now"" reply. Not cool. Three months after that we realized they weren't doing anything we asked and we tried to find out what happened. Instead of owning up to their mistake - they tossed insults at us and acted like our earlier conversation never happened! When we took our complaint to the owner we got a very robotic apology with no attempt to make things better. Clearly this company doesn't work well with others."  come to Sorge!  We had every penny in our accounts levied by the state because Sorge didn't do what they agreed to do in a timely manner.  In fact  even after we moved out of state and had multiple state returns & some complex situations that we didn't feel comfortable filing on our own. I love that they are on-the-ball with their communication (we prefer email)  can't say enough about the folks at this office. They will work very hard to get your tax return done without over-charging you.  Anything from a simple return to complicated one  and knowledgeable! My taxes were quiet complicated this year but it was no obstacle for there CPAs who completed my return in 2 business days. Despite the complexity of my taxes In the meantime we contacted another CPA who was very familiar with solar installation filing and he was very informative AND in addition he informed me that my son could NOT put me on his return and that I HAD to file my own.  I had 5 or 6 e-mails to Jamie asking for my 1099's (I was able to get them off the websites) but she informed me the worksheets were not there - then big surprise - she found some and emailed them to me.  My opinion is after meeting Mr. Caldwell and learning of these two errors - I did not feel confident in his office doing our returns again.  Mr. Caldwell was very abrupt when he walked into the conference room with us and made us feel very uncomfortable and we both felt that he seemed arrogant - this is not the type of person I feel instills confidence.  Just my opinion and thought I would share it with Yelp because that's why I went to them in the first place.  But now I see that he had only two reviews and one was 5 years ago.  I would not recommend this office at all. I wish them well but felt that I should inform Yelp because this is why I went to them in the first place." We are still coming here after 5 years because of Geoff and Jamie! They are awesome! very experienced with business returns and book keeping. They are super responsive and we are pleased every year! Thank you Jamie for your professionalism!  but they also handle court accountings for our conservatorship and trust clients. Jamie has extensive knowledge in compiling detailed accounting reports for consideration by the court "I have had a wonderful experience as a client of Geoff and Jamie's.  Working in tandem they  are true talents in the accounting industry. Jamie's  extensive accounting knowledge and expertise have saved my company time and money. I consider her and Geoff to be a valuable asset to the success of my business. Reliable  I would not trust anyone more than Jamie and Geoff with our taxes and other financial advising.  They always explain things clearly and help us understand different tax issues so that we can better plan for the future.  I would highly recommend this firm and these two CPAs." 