 assuming you're able to ignore the graves or appreciate them). Take a walk and check out how long some of them have been there  so I enjoy weird spots like this one...but if you work uptown and are craving a little nature and a little memento mori with your lunch  I promise that you won't regret it at Elmwood Cemetery. It's picturesque  and enjoyed the perfect fall weather. I actually think this cemetery is much nicer a place for a walk than most of the parks in Charlotte." Great place for a bike ride. Super close to uptown. Could definitely bring a bottle of wine and make it a picnic with the use of a little discretion. I'd say walking to age 10 would love it!" The only reason I rate Discovery Place a 4 out of 5 is that they discontinued the laser shows they used to hold years ago every Friday and Saturday nights.  Those were good clean fun for the college crowd." I do love the Imax theatre. We've taken the kids to see movies like Happy Feet and Undersea 3D. That's a blast." Convenient parking and great exhibit - Body Worlds. The IMAX is wonderful - beware lots of kids everywhere!  this was a great experience and I will definitely return to see the other great showings  which was amazing.  They have different shows centered on space and nature.  It is always a learning experience for kids and adults alike.  They also have Pink Floyd and Led Zepelin light shows on rare occasions."  Discovery Place is a great resource here in town. They always show the morbid  which is a definite plus for something located uptown."  pudding and salad boxes. Combo options for about $6 include fries and soda drinks. I'll go with the pizza and the yogurt." This place is full of great knowledge & hands on displays for kids to learn all things science. It's a great place for kids  so you should be able to get in without too much trouble. On top of their specific exhibits (which are great for kids and adults) We also chose to see ""Spider-Man 3"" on their IMAX screen on opening night.  It sounds much better than it actually is.  Specially created IMAX movies on IMAX screens = good.  Regular theater movies blown up on IMAX screens = bad.  The experience made me nauseous and I couldn't ""see"" all of the action because it was everywhere at once.  I'll stick to IMAX features like their ""Beavers"" showing next time. :)" BTW check out the MILF in the photos!" Only disappointment I ever had is I went to see Happy Feet on IMAX and the dude who's job was to roll the film up after it played jammed the damn thing and I never was able to see the show :("  consider a one year membership deal. We *might* get back there one more time in the next year  I almost gagged at the sight of both toilets covered in urine!!  I get that its also parents responsibility to make sure there kids don't pee all over the seats  I was left wanting a bit more.  I would prefer to go to an entire museum that specializes in *JUST* nature or architecture or microbiology because my attention span and interest level is just a little higher.  So come with the kids  maybe 5 - 11ish who would benefit from some of the more mature exhibits upstairs.  While we did enjoy our time there It was a bit pricey for what was being offered.  They do offer a year pass.  We didn't even go to the IMAX - that was extra.  We were only there for a few hours before we saw everything we wanted to and left.  Very educational though." My 13 year old nephew discovered his love of mechanics while at Discovery Place. That is seriously worth every penny. Someone working there spent extra time with my nephew- showing him how to take apart and put back together a robot. Very awesome."  waiting turns and being polite. There is also a cool water area and kids play area for the super young ones so you can bring your whole family! You could make creations from paper and fabric and email them to yourself. Or take pictures of something like a fossil through a magnifying glass and email it to yourself. So high-tech! One of the most fun things we did while we were there was match the poop to the animal - not as easy as you would think! The biggest poop does not necessarily go to the largest animal FYI!" ZBQWSsUXwixFmm3lpegMiA  Charlotte has free 3d movies and larger interactive exhibits.  They lean heavily on scientific method & practice.  Definitely a fun 4-6 hours.  The Cons: $8 to park "This is really amazing if you can afford it.  It was $22 for my boy and me to go.  BUT he had an incredible time.  Couldn't get him to leave and we must go back.  It has tons of science demonstrations that are hands on and they demonstrate physics in a  way that is really fun.  They have several shows per day that teach about animals  I seriously enjoyed coming here! It completely exceeded my expectations. This museum is a must when visiting Charlotte  get the membership!  Admission costs can add up for multiple people." This is also the first visit since they opened the aquarium and rain forest. I felt like I was back in South Florida seeing the ocean life and feeling the warm humidity of the rain forest."  but the parents seemed to keep things under control. I did enjoy the aquarium and some of the other exhibits. I wanted to see the 3d sea film Bottom line if you have kids from out of town visiting this is the place to go!"  Discovery Place is a great place for kids  I had an absolute blast at Discovery Place.  My boyfriend and I spent nearly 3 hours there on a Sunday afternoon - no children "Fantastic place. The exhibit was well done and they paced out the flow of people so the crowding around the mummies was minimal. Interactive area was fun and they made a lot of room for creativity. The ""live"" exhibits where great as well. Overall  is competely interesting for all ages. The exhibit essentially shows what life is like through animal eyes by attaching a camera to all different kinds of critters! The exhibit had something for everyone. Adults got to appreciate the technological and scientific elements Little smaller than one would expect for the admission.  Mind you there are a lot of stuff to do here but I can see when it is crowded that this place is not worth your money.  I can just envision waiting around to do things and your kid starting to get tired of waiting....if empty then you are golden.  We just stopped by since we were visiting Charlotte and needed a kid's thing to do in between the adult things.  Was worth every penny to satisfy our little one on our vacation.  The germ section they have now is a bit scary though for the youngest of them.  as an out of town visitor I found this place to be a very interesting way to spend an afternoon. Everyone in my group really enjoyed themselves and we were totally glad that we took the time to check it out."  not counting break for lunch in neighborhood.  I can't think of any kids place in my neck of the woods that is so much fun and such a great deal.  They got exhibits and tons of interactive stuff "I live an hour away from Charlotte and find that this place is worth the drive for an 8 year old kid.  My son had a blast and keeps asking when we can go back.  ""This museum is so much batter than the one we have at home!"" is what he said Wonderful place for kids and families.  Be sure to go back as some of the exhibits change.  Sue the T Rex and Kapla Buildings have been my favorites over the years. A great way to spend a day downtown." ZBQWSsUXwixFmm3lpegMiA  but I doubt we'd go again on a future Charlotte visit.  Unless we just did the IMAX when the kids are older." While on Spring Break we stayed up the road at Great Wolf Lodge and decided to ride up to Discovery Place. This museum is AWESOME! Our 2 year old loved it. It is a very hands on experience and she loved every minute of it. Her favorite part was using the building blocks in the exhibits on the 2nd floor. My favorite was the rain forest exhibit and her dad is a big kid at heart so he loved it all especially the petting stations in the aquarium where you got to touch the animals. She also saw her 1st 3D moving about lions in the jungle. This is definitely a must do for kids of all ages.  plenty of live animals....  But we really like the ""shows"" they do.  Theres one called sub zero right now where they show the effects of dry ice on things adn the kids get to play in the steam and watch rubber gloves get frozen and crack.... my kids are mesmerized.  Those shows are about every half hour on the weekends.  I think members should not have to pay so much for IMAX tho I can see myself taking my nephew here time and time again. Its definitely an inexpensive way to have some fun with the family." "Terrific interactive science museum for kids (and adults) of all ages. We took our kids along with some friends from out of town  and I hope they will bring it back sometime in the future. All around a great science and nature museum thst has something for everyone!" I would say this place is best for kids 7 and under." We will definitely visit next time we are in town."  but apparently each night is themed.  Tickets are $8-$10 and you get to experience all of the awesome exhibits that the science education center has to offer.  Things are just as fun as they were when you were a kid - just now but recently went this past saturday to take my five year old daughter.She enjoyed it alot but to me it seems alot has changed over the years.i was excited to check out the alien exhibit  the kid zone is downstairs next to the IMAX theater area.  I know my daughters eye's lit up when we finally found it."  so if you find yourself going there more than once a year I highly suggest buying the membership. Be wary of the hours "This is a great museum with fun exhibits. During a normal day there are too many kids running around and taking the run of the place. Our favorite night is every 3rd Friday of the month for ""Science on the Rocks."" They are themed nights for adults 21 and older. There are full bars  even the adults! The displays are all interactive and interesting full of basic and advanced information for all to enjoy. There were also stations where employees had different reptiles and sea creatures that the kids could touch and ask questions about. There was a small area of sea life on display as well as a really cool frog toad exhibit on the floor above. While were there they had a moving dinosaur display "Needed to burn a few hours & decided to check out Discovery Place. It seemed like my hubs & I were the only adults without children there. When in Rome.... We had a blast with all the kids. December is nutrition month. I really like the fat to muscle displays. There was a ton to do & I could have spent several more hours playing in all the exhibits. I loved how hands on the exhibits are for everyone. I also loved that some of the ""apprentices"" are kids. Fantastic learning experience for them. Because I am a biologist  that gives a great understanding of how things work. Lots for all ages  but that is a separate fee from the General Admission fee. Kids love this place.  Now my gripe. Admission for two adults and two kids is about $60. For 1.5 floors of exhibits I did not find much value. There was nothing for me as a parent other than enjoying the smiles on my children's faces. Really guys? I pay you to chaperone my own children. Either charge the adults and not the kids  whose parents were over in the corner on their assorted electronic devices.  This place is little more than a overhyped daycare now.  All the cool things I did and enjoyed as an adolescent were replaced with ""rooms"" that had microscopes that barely worked "Spent four hours here with my granddaughter and didn't see it all or exhaust her either. Wonderful Awesome in every sense of the word. We were there for hours. Kids loved it and it is very reasonably priced.  and they have bars set up as well as music and fun activities to be a part of!"  I was a little disappointed because there were a lot of things that we saw in pictures on their website that they didn't have there. There were a ton of kids there from a summer camp but there was a lot of stuff to do so it didn't really affect our visit. Overall My kids had a blast. So much to do and see. Prices were reasonable . I wish there was a more kid friendly restaurant though !! A great place to being kids.  Completely worth the money.  The only thing that prevented 5 stars is that my son got burned by a hot glue gun at the duct tape section.  While it says hot- not really meant for young children. Reasonable price. Military discount available (just ask). More for children older than 6 y o. We brought our 1 year old who loved the toddler area. The toddler area was small but perfect for the little ones to run around and get into everything without the bigger kids toppling over them. Loved the water table. Guitar exhibition was really cool for us adults. Was pretty bummed that none of the bathrooms had changing tables.  everything else is just ""vanilla"". Overall it's overpriced." It's a fun place for kid's and parents!" Great place for little little kids but I feel like all the good stuff are often closed off when we come. Just needs...MORE!  you could go to both floors - and the exhibits where you could touch the sea life was open too. I went on the 80's Back To The Future night Great place to go to spend a few hours.   Also theirs a private parking lot on site.  Park on the top of the parking garage.  Because there is a walkway from the parking garage to inside the museum. Go down the elevator to the first floor. That is the second entrance into the museum. The two stars is for the parking garage. We waited for over 30 minutes just to pay and exit the garage on a Saturday night. We should pay when we come in or there should be more lanes to leave! "We came here to see the body worlds exhibit. It was really interesting and cool. The whole place was fun. I came with my husband and baby. It's a fun place to learn and spend a few hours. Everyone here was very nice and friendly. I will be back once my daughter is older This is my daughter's favorite spot in CLT.  So many different exhibits to see.  She has spent 5 hours there just doing everything they have.  They have a wonderful summer comp for science loving kids.  Just sign up early.  They reach their limit quickly.  including hands on activities where my son was able to touch a snake and live sea creatures. I think it's great for the school aged kids or younger. Not appropriate for high school aged kids as there were plenty running around on field trips the same day I was there as well. It's nice that this place does ""cater"" to everyone but I believe it should be left to the youngins. There is an imax 3D theater as well and a small cafe on site."  don't be! It is absolutely fascinating. We did not pre-purchase tickets and had no issue getting in on a Sunday afternoon. It was packed with families and children and the vibe was great. While there were a lot of people we were able to take our time in the exhibit and were in and out in 1.5 hours. We parked in 7th Street Public Market and ate brunch ahead of time. Our parking for a total of 2.5 hours was $6 Took my gf to see the body world exhibit. Awesome experience and a lot of fun. It's nice to just roam around and do whatever you want. They had a nice aquarium area. Upstairs is also fun because you can do a lot of things and interact with stuff. We also attended a science show that blew stuff up. I think they offer something different every month so it's worth going every 6 months or so especially with kids. We went another time and they had a guitar exhibit that my husband loved." There are some really great things about the discovery place! I think it is a great place that you can take your kids and spend all day having fun and learning about science. I do want to say that they are busy on the weekends. Parking is $12 and is not validated when you go inside even though it is the Discovery Place's own parking garage. Prices are a little steep for the museum as well so I would recommend getting the Membership for your family. It was easy to get to even though it is uptown.  I did enjoy the gentleman with the ponytail who looked similar to a biker I knew once. All in all I think I prefer the natural science center in Greensboro and sciworks to this place. Not to mention when we walked in they had some huge line problems and had poorly laid out where people should go to wait in line. When we asked about it they blatantly ignored us. Thanks for the poor signage and dismissive staff."  but you can probably find street parking as well.  I rode the train into 7th Street Station and walked up 2 blocks."  project-based activities. You should take your kids and allow them to explore and even chat with them about what they think they're learning through free-play. There's something for everyone young and old to learn here."  it was an awesome place. Very interactive and hands on rather than staring through the glass or not being able to touch. Would highly recommend I really liked it here. The receptionist was a bit moody for my liking but I'll live. I'm an adult and I felt like there was so much for me to do. I recommend bringing kids 5 and up here. The rainforest was so cute.  which sells works by local artists. The McGill also does art exhibitions in the garden and its own gallery crawls on select nights. Admission is free and you can take a tour of the garden for just $2."  it's nice to take lunch outdoors there when it's not so freakin' cold."  unless they enjoy staying on gravel paths and looking at roses  and especially for refuge from that awful train!"  tomatoes and beans.  I was told by one of the gardeners that the coal enriched the soil so much everything grows quite quickly and very large.  There are benches along the paths to sit and rest and listen to the many sounds of various birds.  Check out the beautiful benches that were painted by the UMAR art students.  Stop into the gift shop.  They have very affordable and unique gift ideas that would satisfy any outdoor garden enthusiasts.  While in Charlotte  but I usually leave a donation since I appreciate being given the opportunity to enjoy the grounds." It's open during the week (3 days) and Saturdays from 10-4. And they said we're welcome to bring a little picnic." Go see this special place." Parking is easy with a gravel lot right out front.  They also have a few places to rest your feet with bistro tables and benches around." I highly recommend going here." I can only imagine how lovely our day would have been under the sunshine but our event wasn't compromised in the slightest due to the five star team at the garden."  you will love it here. Around mothers day is the best time of year to visit  and a little magical...just because many don't know it exists.  There are little benches and places to sit and just enjoy the scenery.  Love this place."  and 7 ppl on the two basketball courts.  There is upstairs ""track"" which is more like a carpeted circle that goes around the gymnasium and a pool where they have classes.  Its smaller in size We were here on vacation and my daughter needed to train for a swim meet. It was only a 5.00 charge for her to get a day pass to use the pool. Everything was clean and new. The staff was very professional and friendly.  we are so glad they are here.  It has improved steadily over the years and they have unique programs for young people and seniors.  Hopefully the will expand the multi-purpose areas in the future.  overall My main favorite feature of this gym is the specialized childcare. My son had a bit of trouble letting go of me at first when I left him with the daycare area of the gym. However the childcare is so outstanding here at this YMCA in particular  the struggle is real in that department. I guess they don't believe that black folks swim since they only have 1 2 lanes available unless swim lessons are scheduled - it's a wrap."  which are free to all members. She has a strong dance background and she's very energetic and easy to follow." "Played a recent tennis match here and the place is really nice. I would dare say is a massive complex behind the trees off Providence Road. Open for membership to everyone of culture and faith "I went as a guest with a member to a series of yoga classes and they were the best yoga classes I've taken!  The facilities were outstanding and the instructor was terrific! If you are looking for a really nice gym to join that offers a variety of classes and excercise equipment A wonderful place to workout and swim - a true vibrant center of culture and Jewish life in Charlotte.  like a few weeks old here.  I can't wait to continue to explore the facility and the great members we've already met.  It's good to find someplace that really makes you feel welcome."  and basketball courts quite often and they are always clean and very well maintained."  indoor pool(swim lessons) and a cool outside water park in the summer.  Just remember to bring your towel as they eliminated towel service some time ago."  but it is functional (if people follow the one way signs).  At least the Y is off of a side street (not directly on WT Harris) and wells fargo.  All in walking distance of the YMCA.  The exercise room is larger then most ymca's you will visit unless you go downtown." Looking forward to making my early morning start to my day with a great sweat!" "This is our favorite Y so far. Location is convenient and the staffs are really helpful and kids friendly.  My kids are into soccer The best part about joining this particular YMCA is the helpfulness of the staff. They truly care and are always helpful. I wish I could take my swimming instructor with me back to the Bahamas. She would really be proud." Lousy over zealous life grds.  Won't even let you float on your back.  Lifeguards are power monger idiots here!  I was a 10 year lifeguard and they are not trained or professional. The facility itself is sufficient but it is not new or modern. I have heard some of the other branches of the YMCA are much nicer. This branch has everything that I need  there is a 24 hour Harris Teeter right there where nobody looks at you funny for being sweaty in gym clothes.  But "I joined this facility because it was conveniently close to my house. They have a decent amount of equipment to train on and weights are there like any other gym. Thumbs up on the indoor track. The basketball courts are available and there are fitness classes always going on. The only reason that I don't give this place 5 stars is the pool which usually only have two lanes available for laps unless classes or school swim teams are meeting then you are out of luck. I don't mind sharing lanes but it can get chaotic especially if you are a slow swimmer. However the hours of operation (5am-9pm) during the weekdays are good. In conclusion this place is good place to workout  and they don't treat like a loser because you don't have a $1000 bike. We've bought three bikes from them and traded in two old ones - getting a good price for each. Awesome small shop - really recommend it."  stay away from this shop! He didn't need to treat me with such disregard. They don't deserve your money. Stay away and tell your friends to not support this shop." Good local shop.  I haven't experienced any racism like jayson and can safely say after LONG conversations with a very interesting owner that they are NOT a racist bike shop.  Madison maybe a bit on the hyper-sensitive side when pulling the race card.  it most likely didn't happen and if it did you deserved it.  You expect too much in life and you give NOTHING in return.  You suck for coming on this page and talking trash about the best local sporting store around.  Go shop at a Big Box store where they don't care about you and you can claim all white people are racists all day long.  Dick head!" The only downside to this Y compared to others is that you have to pay for the yoga and pilates classes and they require advanced registration.  I like to drop-in on such classes." Yeah good place to work out We come here for the kids activities. I am not a member if this gym. Why? They're not open 24 hours and they're expensive for what I use the gym for. The kids activities would be a lot cheaper if we were members but we don't do activities all year long so it's just cheaper to pay the high non member price of the activities.  & a great place to work out! Zumba is a fun way to break a sweat!" "My partner and I went here on a summer Saturday night around 7:00 and were the only ones bowling.  The bar inside had some customers.  Overall  so that was cool of them. The black light bowling was fun. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them for bowling parties a bit off the beaten track Solid bowling alley. No more no less. The food is exactly what you should expect from bowling alley food (average bar good; the highlight was the pretzel bites). Friendly service.  Good beers (Karbon 4! I love Karbon 4 and you can't get it everywhere). Three stars because it's exactly what it purports to be (a bowling alley) plus bonus star for carrying Karbon 4.  but you know...I still wish I could crash out in the art gallery for a bit. Did we really need that Jamba Juice?" "I stand blissfully corrected - someone just messaged me to let me know that my beloved Union Art Gallery has moved to the NW corner of the Union Great atmosphere-Multicultural-Wireless-Plenty of seating-Hotel for guests-Lounge-Large flatscreen HD TV's-Comfortable temperature-Restrooms-Clean-Quiet-Outstanding maintenance crew! Does anyone remember when the Illini Union used to have a real cafeteria in the basement where the food court now is? They served some of the best comfort food available.  This was 20 years ago!  U of I was a very nice campus  . . did I mention it was busy?" The entrance hall is very relaxing with ancient looking clock and couches." "Illinois' Union building is okay... It has some interesting performances and events every once in a while in the cafe 12. Finally if you want you can even book a room at the Union Hotel for the night"  did I mention that this place is also a hotel? That's right! It is also a great hotel if you are from out of town and want to visit the campus The Illinois Student Senate office is located here as well as their meetings."  young urban professionals and some retirees who are just trying to stay healthy. No creepy people ogling you (which you may be looking for) and no rude gym bunnies laughing at you in your leotard on the treadmill....but really....you shouldn't have the leotard and hot pink leg warmers on anyway...it is 2010.  But hey  tangible) and the one thing I hated at all of them were the fact that they were always busy with people who seemed to have an intimidating aura.  This place isnt like that.  It is quite big and has pretty decent equipment.  I usually go workout with my trainer (Jesse) around 530 and we always are able to workout with no waiting for having to share machines.  They have a lane pool  especially if you're tired of the ""mainstream"" gyms or just want a better overall gym experience.  Plus they have a Cold Plunge which is getting harder and harder to find in a gym nowadays.  These people actually KNOW what they are doing and what muscle building and muscle building recovery is all about.  For my money  and classes.  Wish there were a few more yoga classes or classes geared to those of us that are out of shape/beginners I signed up with this gym about a week ago and I'm very happy with it. They have all the equipment you need and I have never had to wait to find a machine to get started on my workout. They have validated parking and the people here are always very friendly and ready to help. I plan to be a regular here. "I came into Phoenix on business and needed a gym and I'm glad I stopped into CPSAC.  This is  honestly one of the cleanest gyms I have ever been in  and the equipment is current and in good working order.  This place is fully stocked for just about any kind of workout you could ever need.  It even has a lap pool  I'm guessing because its pretty hidden so not too many people know of this place.The only negatives was that you have to park in a garage and walk over to the building which can be a hassle looking for an empty spot but they do validate parking at the gym! Also there was only one bench press station which can be an issue for some people. The biggest reason I didn't join was because its pretty pricey Buyer beware. The contract which seems like it's not one is worded in such a way that if you want to quit this pricey and dated spot you must do so in an exact manner. If you don't quit the right way they are very aggressive and unprofessional in collecting and aren't willing to work with you on a resolution. Lovely botanical gardens.  This is staple on my out-of-towner itinerary.  It is quite enjoyable to walk around and check out the bizarre native vegetation.  It it much more diverse than you would imagine.  The Sonoran desert is lusher than you might imagine. "The Desert Botanical Gardens are an oasis in the local sea of strip malls and desert.  Many and varied plant areas  along with a variety of other desert plants. I went here with my digital camera and came back with a bunch of photos worth printing. The garden is extremely well-kept and is easily accessable. Admission is cut in half for students  and you turn on the shower fountain head and get an instant whiff of true monsoon season desert rain smell...it's amazing!"  it's a nice city escape. Just wear a hat & sunscreen and try to go first thing in the morning. There are drinking fountains around every turn and plenty of shade. Try a guided tour if you have the time or are playing host to out-of-town guests. The guides are friendly and extremely knowledgeable. Even if you've lived in AZ all your life (like me) you are bound to learn something new."  and rabbits were totally fun to try to find hiding in the many different plants and burrows.  I felt like a little kid ooh-ing and ah-ing at the different varieties of cacti and desert wildflowers  my favorite aspect of the DBG is this particular tree. It's near one of the ""bridges"" on the pathway. It's barkless This place never grows old. It's a great introduction to the desert for people from out of town  vibrant colors.  This is a great place to take visiting relatives who love to garden or are just nature buffs.   It's an easy walking adventure with many cozy benches to sit and bird or nature watch.  Midway through the journey is a nice spot to enjoy a little refreshment and sample some yummy treats.  At the end of your journey is a great gift shop with books  this is one of the best places to go.  It also has a great section devoted to the native people of this area and how they used the native plants in their everyday lives." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  it reminded me of my third grade classroom where we had Monarch butterflies just flying around.  (My teacher was a little bit of a hippie)  It doesn't have to take up a whole day if you don't want it to and you can explore at your own pace.  Come spring time I'm sure that the wildflower portion is beautiful.  I'm very excited to go back for the Las Noches de las Luminarias."  but it was a fun trip in itself.  Make sure you time your visit to go on a tour: you'll learn more about cacti than you ever thought was possible." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w This place is truly an oasis in the desert!" there are brochures for the botanical gardens at many hotels.  bring one with you and receive a dollar off your entrance."  it's another cactus. I found it to be about as interesting as an episode of Murder She Wrote. I kinda knew what to expect around every little bend. More plants! And every other water fountain was out of order. The two water vending machines we saw were also OOO...(out of order!). Two major exhibits were closed and yet we were still charge three bucks to see those damn butterflies. Total confirmation that I'm a city boy. I find surly homeless people "We are so lucky! The Valley is home to the Desert Botanical Garden - one of the country's most accomplished and spectacular gardens. Sure it's a great place to give out-of-town guests a sampling of what life in the desert is like. But If your looking for a special night or event that blends natural serenity and entertainment into an exquisitely unified package then check out the special events on the Desert Botanical Garden website www.dbg.org (and yes there is booze)."  which I think is a perfect amount of time. You see everything and are ready to leave by the end.  A very nice place to take visitors on a nice day." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w * take your time to bask in the glory that is the Sonoran Desert" My husband and I are fans of the cacti and so we planned a visit to the Desert Botanical Gardens on a recent house hunting trip to AZ. The day we went it was close to 100 and so we were happy that there are so many water fountains sprinkled around the gardens. We stayed for about two hours enjoying all the beautiful displays. The gardens are set up so that one can enjoy many different environments. There a also a lot of shady spots with seating to rest and enjoy the surroundings. We will definitely be back soon!  Massachusetts back in August 2006.  A big change from the beach to move into the desert.  One of the best things about living in Phoenix is the Desert Botanical Gardens (DBG).  Learning about the plants and animals has elevated our appreciation of living in the great Sonoran Desert.  We were going there so often that we became members and now go all the time.  All of our friends and relatives who visit us in the winter time were treated to the delights of the DBG.  They left knowing what a special place our new home is to us." Whoa Nelly.. this is about the Desert Botanical Gardens.. the place is great! Super romantic and a great date place!!" "beautiful place even though we were there in the middle of the summer and temp was about 105.  we saw a turtle  there has been a bit of construction as they have been improving their garden... but I don't mind One of the true gems of the Phoenix metro area." Try going as early in the morning as you can. There's more animal activity at that time and you're more likely to see the jackrabbits  a beautiful place that holds special meaning to us. Its great to bring family "A visit to the Desert Botanical Gardens should be on everyone's list. I think I read there were 50 acres of desert plants! That's a lot of plant! I'd recommend heading there towards the end of the day so you can see the Gardens in the daylight  Chihuly will be showing his work through May 2009." I remember going where when I was a boy scout. It was very fun and interesting. I love the desert vegetation and loved seeing and learning about what is what! I haven't been lately but we are planning on it. I would recommend going and if you don't have an appreciation for the desert you will after you go here. these gardens took my by surprise and i've instantly fallen in love with it." Shot of Jack Daniels: 5++" Expect it to be crowded this year.  We attended a members only night and it seemed to be oversold as parking was hard to come by.  However  it's about the adults. I can't imagine what a child would benefit from attending.  So leave the kiddies at home."  which were a great way to enjoy the gardens and beat the heat. Docents were stationed throughout to highlight different plant and animals species and to talk about the adaptations it takes to make it in the desert. Def. a cool qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  we were told we could not get tickets for another night and could get a refund or donate our ticket money. I do appreciate the refund "I was so excited to be in Phoenix during the Chihuly exhibition. I wish I could have gone to the luminaria (4-8pm)but tickets were no longer available. The artwork was breathtaking and for someone not very familiar with desert wildlife  I opted for the hot apple cider with Jack Daniels. Helped to keep me warm on a chilly desert night. The installation pieces were all integrated seemlessly with the plants and accented them beautifully. For those unfortunate souls who did not get the chance to experience the exhibit at night during Luminarias or who were so rudely rained out Side note: the DBG would be nice for an evening wedding! Too bad I'm married already!"  but this really is gilding the lily. Go to DBG. Go and see the incredible variety of desert botany on hand. Do yourself a favor."  The restaurant good and reasonable. What a great way to spend an afternoon."  which is what makes it so fun.  You really have to go there and walk the trails and hear the jazz played at night!" I will definitely have to return some evening (s) before it closes in May and take another several hundred photos." This was my second trip to the garden and both times I got to enjoy lunch on Ullman Terrace.  Two highlights of this visit were the Chihuly exhibit and the concert given by Try Me Bicycle.  Later in the spring the annual butterfly exhibit is really great too.  Although pressed for time we managed to see and photograph almost all of the Chihuly glass exhibit.  Sometime I would like to go in early March which is normally the best time for the flowers to bloom.  There are around 2 miles of well maintained trails and lots of employees and volunteers eager to answer any questions or show you something new.  The plants and other stuff on display are well documented. Nice bit of trivia:  Did you know that pineapples and aloe vera are related to cacti?"  here is a good place to see plants you've never seen before. Don't rush. Take the time to really look at the exhibits. If you're there when the cacti are in bloom  concert.  I would highly recommend to see before the glass exhibit is gone! I can't see it being anywhere near as fantastic otherwise." "I visited the Desert Botanical Gardens on Valentine's Day to see the Chihuly blown glass exhibit. One word to describe it: incredible! The pieces are mixed throughout the desert displays which had our group constantly questioning whether any of the pieces were possibly custom made for this specific location. There were two canoe/boat structures  because I would love to be able to sign up for their Desert Landscaper School.  That would be amazing!!  The lay out and the trails are very nice.  And I can't believe that I am typing this  their hours are great if you are looking to do something in the early morning or early evening." Don't forget to bring your camera!" DBG itself = very cool.  Student ID gets you 1/2 off.  More like an art museum than a typical museum of the modern era - obviously not particularly interactive Absolutely gorgeous!  I'm putting my pictures up to share!" By all means go see it.  You might be surprised."  the gardens will always be a place I take my parents when they are in town.  But I'll look for a slower time to attend." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w They have so many different types of cacti. Check it out. Take your out of town guests here e.t.c. But remember  and I will be using the Culture Pass to go again when the weather cools off." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  out of town visitors and anyone else!  Worth the $$.  I will be back!"  so get here before the sun goes down to check them out. And the butterfly exhibit closes at 5pm. Also they are now open until 9pm." TIP: Get here early -- it gets warm in the desert! [I probably don't need to tell anyone actually from the Valley that I'll just say that if you have some spare minutes in Phoenix that are not in the heat of the noonday sun  I wish I had time to visit this at night because I hear everything is illuminated.  Bring comfortable shoes because this place is huuuuuuuge!  You'll learn a lot about our beautiful state here and it's native plants." It is a nice place to relax!! and they always have some interesting activity going on. The best so far was Chihuli and the night walks. From time to time they have plant sales and they have such a good variety of them. I'm looking forward to sign a membership! I like to buy a glass of wine and watch the sun set as I wander around and admire the statuesque and colorful flora of the desert. If you are visiting Phoenix  you won't miss the intimate atmosphere that is provided by the garden and the creatures  living in the garden. We wandered over to Desert Botanical Gardens in search of the Chihully exihibit and found a quiet peaceful garden. I have to admit because it was nearly 100 degrees outside the garden was a little more vacant but this actually proved to benefit our experience. We noticed several creatures walking around the garden and foraging for food. At one point I've been here twice and really enjoy it.  Very beautiful plants and a real nice walk.  Both of my kids also enjoy it. "This is a great place to go if you want to escape.  I loved it so much that I became a member.  I have seen the Chihuly exhibit three times and it definitely brought the gardens to a new level.  It is a great way to spend the day "I really enjoy wandering around the gardens so much so that I became a member recently and since then have been back almost on a daily basis. My love affair first began when I went to see the Chihuly exhibit at sunset this past spring. I'm kind of glad that the exhibit is gone now because you can actually walk around and look at the specimens without the large crowds. Although the Chihuly piece by the main entrance is still there "Good parking. A bit expensive for Adult entry $15.00. Not to warm in October. Nice and peaceful walking. I took a lot of pictures. Lots of Cactus. Bring your own water  though the Chihuly Exhibit is now done and gone  that I was really interested in the types of plant life that can survive here.  I never knew there were so many kinds of cactus and this place has them well marked.  It's a different kind of beauty.  My contemplative  and I must say that it made the preview all that much better. I did have a small lunch at the Patio Cafe there earlier in the day Save me a spot by the fire and I might even buy you a Steaming Hot Martini :-)"  what a great place to go!" They do rent this facility out and I think it would be wonderful for catered events Pass on this for weddings...unless it's really cheap. BTW One of the volunteers told us that there are plans to expand the Sonoran Desert area of the garden This place is absolutely incredible!" For the first time in about 8 years I found myself at the DBG with some out of town family. Wanting to enjoy the weather (since they had just escaped the cold grey winter of Detroit) the gardens were the perfect spot. The garden is equipped with wide paths and plenty of benches to help the old timers pace themselves. It helps remind us city dwellers of the beauty the desert can have and how unique Phoenix truly is." The docents are very knowledgable and really love what they do. Their enthusiasm really adds to the exerience."  Butterfly exhibit (Pretty Cool) and the Chili and Chocolate Festival (So Fun and Yummy)! Definitely a trip you'll enjoy!" I love this place: look for the specials and the different events they always have going on. It's a great spot in the Valley. "Yelp in Bloom was the second time I'd been to the DBG. The first time for an evening wedding. Both events were absolutely stunning. It's a great place to hold events apparently. I need to come by to check it out the daytime though The butterfly house was fabulous--might try going earlier in the day to avoid the crowds. Saw lots of beautiful butterflies and the staff in this room were very knowledgeable and willing to share." Great place to visit and get acquainted with the Arizona desert.  The trails are easily walkable with enough to see so even the two teenagers I was with didn't get to crisis complain mode (which is a minor victory in itself).  The luminarias are beautiful and it is equally as nice to visit during the day and night. DBG is always a treat.  It is so peaceful.  There is a bi-annual plant sale.  you can definitely get great pictures."  but this is not to be missed.  Butterflies flitting their wings and kissing all the flowers - adorable!  The Desert Botanical Garden is a must-see if you're visiting Phoenix." The gardens at night offer a different experience then the daytime there are several cactus flowers that bloom at night.  Plus as the temperature rises it's nice to have events in the evening." This place is a true delight and a great asset for Phoenix." Really good overview of the Arizona desert plants and flowers. Downside: It's in the desert and it's hot as hell. Enjoy!  but it does make for a slightly alternative nature walk and there are certainly worse ways to spend a scorching outdoor afternoon in Phoenix."  large variety of pants" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  makes the desert a better place." The DBG is a very well run establishment. The garden staff is knowledgable and courteous and the setting is really spectacular. It's a wonderful place to get away alone and they also have a robust schedule of interesting events and music. It's a treasure.  but also I think missing several opportunities to provide a greater amount of education about the plants themselves and how they are practically used or planted for landscaping purposes (and yes  and a great place to get away for a few hours by yourself. I can see myself curled up on one of the shaded benches with a book :)" Sorry to be harsh but now I really appreciate the botanical gardens in California." "Oh you have to see this if you go to Phoenix. Like entering the mind of Dr. Seuss--gorgeous  the night tour is beautiful and very educational. I saw some lizards doing pushups and a tortoise eating a prickly pear fruit."  I will definitely be at the butterfly event this spring and at the Luminarias next winter." This is a great place to go when you have visitors or when you don't have much on your agenda and want to avoid going stir-crazy. I'll admit I may have impulsively bought a discounted DBG membership on Groupon more for the IDEA of going here often Give yourself plenty of time to walk the garden's many loops. I would recommend at least four hours."  and thus the entrance fee was hard to stomach. We probably should have gone on a hike around papago instead. If you are planning on going  but not on watering day and remember to bring your student ID." This is my 2nd visit in a year (Hey locals - I am from NY and this is WORTH the visit!!)"  and Utah to find all of the species that are contained within this garden.  Add in the views of the Papago Buttes and the desert landscape blending from the garden into the very hills themselves Only been twice but loved the peacful beauty."  and I have to say they picked a good day.  One of the really cool things was the Chiuly glass at the front entrance.  I wished I had been here when his collection was here!  I believe they are trying to raise money to make the other temporary sculptures a part of their permanent collection.  I'd love to go back someday."  I've always loved desert flora and fauna because it's so radically different from what I grew up with. A few hours at the Desert Botanical Garden really indulged my fascination. Grab a sunhat "The DBG?  It's beautiful.  They have ok music and interesting events.   It's a much-needed green space in the city.  Food and drinks are overpriced.  So are tickets for music in the garden.  I spend $8 every month to see the best band ever qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w "Such a beautiful place to see the desert!  Phoenix has really sprawled since I initially moved here in the late 70s.  It's quite a drive to get out to the desert today -- but the DBG is close in I highly recommend a visit! Stay for sunset  and you can even get free admission if you use the Culture Pass (which I did) available from the Phoenix Library system." Great place to go for Sunday brunch concert series or The Friday night concert series. Very good if you like jazz in beautiful outdoor setting.  because the seating is pretty limited." "I'm new to the Phoenix area and am anxious to check out all the places that people keep recommending to me. Thanks goodness DBG was high on the list. I LOVE it there and can't wait to go back. I went on free day and it was crowded in the parking lot. I was toting a stroller and 3 month old so I was slightly concerned that it would be too crowded to enjoy.Thankfully that was not a problem at all.With all the many trails and areas to explore there were times when 10-15 min would pass without seeing anyone else. Highlights included the butterfly tent I didn't get a chance to explore everywhere as I had my two young daughters with me and we headed almost straight to the Butterfly Pavilion.  If you have young children this is a NO MISS.  It's a wonderful place to spend an hour or so.  Not knowing anything about butterflies myself And since my friend and I were there two days in a row  so we spent a good amount of time in there snapping shots of all sort of species that displayed such vivid colors that we didn't want to leave. We also enjoyed the hummingbirds as well as the cactus gardens. This is definitely a nice place to go on a relatively warm day (I probably wouldn't enjoy this as much deep into the heart of summer) and the trails are not that difficult to get through. We spent probably around 3 hours here. Bring your student IDs if you have it Its a great was to spend a morning or afternoon." Great place to visit.   Urge you to visit the Desert Botanical Garden.   Want to see desert plants in their habitat; this is the place to go.   Make the Desert Botanical Garden you next trip.       I know you will enjoy the visit.  you need to come here to experience it first hand. Its not only about dirt and cacti. There are flowers galore as well."  because I work close by.  I have a couple of spots I love to sit and commune with nature.  I can't tell you Love this place. it is so peaceful and beautiful.  Came here as part of a large business function.  We were taken on a quick tour of the trails.  I've been here previously and taken in the butterfly garden (totally worth the extra you pay).  It has rotating events and art that is changing.  I love coming here for the special events such as Chocolate and Chile fest.  Getting a drink in one of the gardens and watching the sun set is one of the most relaxing and romantic ways to spend a quiet evening.  A must see for locals and guests alike. Desert Botanical Garden is not only one of the best things to do in Phoenix  not realizing it was freeloader night.  The place was so crowded with people who really didn't know how to behave (or make their kids behave) in a cultural venue.  Voices were so loud and activity was so high that the garden inhabitants stuck to the underbrush.  I know it's a plant place  it does make it a little less practical. But it is still a great option for those occasions when you have friends in from out of town or on holiday weeks when you need a fun activity that the whole family will enjoy. I was contemplating getting a membership but they are quite expensive and you still don't even get in for free to the special events like Avant-Garden or the evening concerts so it is just not worth it."  but the paths were clearly marked and great place for some nice pictures."  I would recommend bringing a bottle of water and wearing shorts.  Also be sure to bring your camera! There are so many types of cactus and beautiful desert flowers to take pictures of that you will regret not documenting it. Also be sure to go early if it's approaching summer. While there are drinking fountains along the winding paths of the garden it still gets pretty hot in the sun. There is a butterfly house that will be opening up in September which I can't wait to see "Great place to spend 3 or 4 hours. Took a free guided tour. The guide was good but he had to keep wasting our time with corny jokes. Could have seen much more if he just stuck with the gardens. No idea that mama quail with her chicks  ranging from arranging everything to the day of the wedding. I don't really have any complaints. Main thing is that if you are walking down the trails get ready to get your dress very dirty. I wish I would have bustled it or had a carpet down."  and took many great pictures!"  could have had some more wildlife out for people to see but very cool.  Don't come here during the middle of the day it's HOT!"  so be sure to take plenty of water & sunscreen. I made the mistake of carrying a large bag with me during my visit which became a big pain in the butt very quickly The Desert Botanical Gardens takes the beauty of the harsh desert environment and turns it into an oasis filled with music "Infinite stars for this place.  It is beautiful and so peaceful.  I went to the big bug exhibit yesterday first thing in the morning.  The employees were very welcoming and greeted us everywhere we went.  The exhibits are really fun and creatively displayed.  Also  Phoenix gets very hot. Late March  with all sorts of winding trails that makes you feel like your on an adventure hunt. The staff are super friendly and helpful.  I've gone during the day and for the flashlight tour... Flashlight tours are really different and put a little adventure into finding animals in the dark  and its ties to the arts community in the valley. I have heard from ex-volunteers that all the talented people in the events department have quit or been fired in the last six months because the dimwit department heads don't want to lose their jobs. They are now breaking contracts with performers  especially if you are a tourist.  I never in my life realized just how many types of cacti there were until I went here and the educational aspects of the Desert Botanical Garden are myriad without being preachy.  Yes it is hot very cool place to check out The Luminaries are always good too" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w At $18 admission it is a good deal. Staff is super friendly and helpful. You can stay as long as you want. They also have events and movie viewing nights here. Butterfly exhibit is also on on location to walk through. Definitely recommended for a nice day out or an early evening to explore a bit of beauty." TLDR: Worth the visit if this is your thing. I enjoyed myself but I love nature and it's amazing ""live"" art pieces strewed through out the dessert canvas.  I learned a lot about the flora here in Arizona.  Expensive  just stay on the path and be careful when you back up to take a picture!  I'm still snickering about the fairy duster plant. Does this mean the plant dusts fairies or the fairies use it to dust with??  Too cute!"  the docent's are helpful and willing to answer questions even if you are not on a tour. we were in Phoenix for vacation and this was a nice stop  and they especially have great seasonal events Great if you want to spend $18 to see lots and lots and lots of cactus.  but a very nice way to kill an afternoon." Definitely a do for out of towners and locals."  put on some comfortable walking shoes and enjoy the show!" Try to get to the outdoor cafe area before crowds get there around mealtime in order to see the wildlife that lives in the hillside.  Quail Who knew the plants could be sooooo big!"  then did the main trail by lighted path. They also allowed us to observe a glass blowing class in session. I think it is the best botanical garden I've been to." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w Great place to spend a lazy Sunday.  Also great place to take visiting friends and family.  then I'm guessing you would have had a lovely experience. But I encourage you to call ahead and find out what is and isn't open before you commit your time to the DBG." I just wish I had more time to explore DBG more often!" I think it is cool how it is next to the zoo (which I didn't get to visit) Didn't rate 5 stars due to the cost of admission" "Our group of 4 adults went on the morning of Mar 14.  This is a spectatular display of desert garden items.  It is extremely well laid out and has items that will appeal to many tastes.  The volunteer staff are fantastic and their love of what they offer is apparent.  The entrance fees are somewhat high but you get value.  There are many places to rest The Butterfly Exhibit was worth the trip.  but I can only imagine that the Desert Botanical Garden is a unique and worthwhile experience."  everything was in bloom for spring. The butterfly exhibit was so much fun. I am signing up as a member today . I plan to go back next weekend to visit my butterfly friends ." It was a beautiful day in a beautiful place. If you're in the area  but found ourselves taking more pictures and looking around at all of the beautiful gardens opposed to what we were originally there for lol! If you're in from out of town  stopping to listen to the interesting tid-bits as I went. I also went to the butterfly pavilion and watched the butterflies fly around eating and sunbathing  I felt like I was in a butterfly wonderland. :) great place to get inspired and have a peaceful walk." My friends got married here two weeks ago and it was a beautiful venue. They even allowed all the guests to walk through the gardens before hand. Great place for families that live out of state so they can see the wonders of the desert.  but paying almost $50 for two of us to walk around the gardens seemed steep. If I lived very close by I would definitely pay $65 for a membership and visit often because they have lots of shady areas to relax and read or have a picnic Stay away in the summer unless you want heatstroke - BRIING YOUR OWN WATER so you don't have to buy theirs!  Springtime is best If you set aside the fact that it's deathly hot in there "LOVE THIS PLACE!!! its a little over priced though which suck especially if you're a student as I am. This place is close to campus so you'd think they'd offer some kind of student discount  as there are tons of photographers running around. This could be your chance to get discovered - maybe your errant hand or part of your backpack will end up in some semi-famous hipster's Flickr!" The Desert Botanical Garden is a great way to spend the day and learn about the beauty of the desert. It is truly one of Phoenix's best offerings." The cafe has some good food options and the prices are fair. Their plant sale is also very good and my mother goes every year. I can't wait for the temperatures to cool down a bit so we can go and enjoy the gardens some more!" Note: There is a butterfly section in the garden but don't get your hopes up - we didn't see any during the summer."  all sorts of birds and adorable bunnies. The butterfly garden when it's open is wonderful. I really enjoy going for a walk here at sunset I was sad that the gift shop didn't stay open for the late tours. I am a magnet lover "Certainly is beautiful. Except the management can't manage to make it profitable (in a non-profit sense). 370  flashlight tours and especially the Luminaries every Christmas.  The combination of music and the hand-lit luminaries is stunning and a great way to celebrate the season.  Definitely worth the visit Worst part: had to back track to get to the concession stand for a ice cold beverage" A great way to spend a cool afternoon.  Unique to Phoenix with the various desert plants.  Stroll around the grounds.  Lunch is available. Well worth the visit.  I enjoyed it so much I signed up for a membership.  Will certainly visit frequently.  Definitely a must-see for Phoenix visitors. Definitely consider joining if you can.  $75 for two people and $100 if you want free rentals of the scooters every time you go...especially handy if you're recovering a debilitating injury!" DBG is one of those places in the Valley that can easily be forgotten by locals but the grounds are beautiful and the events are a perfect activity!"  5 basic kinds. I started taking pictures of all of them until I remembered: I really don't care that much about cacti." I absolutely loved visiting this place and wouldn't mind going again especially to the various events they host throughout the year...just another reason to re-visit Phoenix!!! :)"  and I certainly learned a lot. It's nice to be able to look at all the different cacti in the valley and know what they are There are water fountains all over the place serving good cold water! It takes about 2hrs to see everything so come prepared. It's a great place to spend quality time with the family during the weekend. Las Noches de las Luminarias is very popular and known world wide.  It runs from the day after Thanksgiving and ends on December 23rd.  It's a wonderful way to bring much happiness in the world and to celebrate the season of giving and goodwill to mankind." Beautiful setting and great fun if you hit the Chocolate fest. See all the art pieces and literally stop and smell the blossoms. :) One of the best attractions in the Phoenix area.  Incredible amount of cacti to see.  Great walking trails through the various areas.  Lots of fun events year round with a great sales twice a year.  Don't miss the luminaries at Christmas time! If you think it's just walking around looking at cactus A lovely evening of great food and company spent in a lovely atmosphere!"  so bring those that normally wouldn't be able to walk. This place is very accommodating!"  the event specialist was great to work with and the DBG events team accommodated my lighting needs.  Thank you DBG for making our wedding night AWESOME!"  and it was spectacular.  Everyone around us had fun too!  It was easy to spend hours just walking around the gardens and gaze at the lights.  The selection of music that the gardens had was great too.  It was easily worth the admission price  as most of the flowers aren't blooming. Probably from April - early November (if you can stand the heat) you'll have a good shot of seeing great things in all the exhibits. Put it on your to-do list and take a friend!"  skip it. $18 a person ....not really worth that many dollars.  You can go to the desert or look at your own front yard." --lMCM6K8-9NTvPlbCMXEA  but thought it was really well done and really cool stuff here. Be sure to go once during the day and once at night. People of all ages will like this." "Nice place to be.  My kids enjoy walking around occasionally.  The butterfly exhibit is fun.  They also put on a nice Halloween event for kids  I enjoyed the time spent here. So different than any other botanical garden I've been to..and I go to almost every one I encounter on vacation...this was so unusual but so beautiful . I wish they had a little more info on the plants other than names...uses etc."  and obviously some cra-a-a-zy cacti. It is pricy but don't forget to use that (unadvertised) AAA discount. Also take along water as I found some of the fountains non-functional. We spent about 90 minutes here and didn't really rush or need more time (however Beautiful...one needs to visit if you are visiting Phoenix  should we be fortunate enough to visit the Phoenix area again" Attended last weekend for the Cactus and Corks event. I'm from Ohio and live in CO so this was an awesome place to check out the deserts terrain. I recommend keeping an eye for for local events and bringing any out of town guests to this garden. Beautiful. Well worth my afternoon "I have visited this locale on a few occasions now and I must say there is nothing like it in all the Valley and perhaps the state itself. They host tons of events throughout the year and the YELP party that was held here in 2010 was EPIC. I highly recommend going at night....but watch for the critters.....LOL...both animal and human....LOL. There doesn't have to be an event there to go visit though....if you just want some peace and quiet....enjoy a beautiful sunrise or sunset.....or just take a romantic stroll with that special someone.....then this is your place. Eat "I went to to Gertrude's for lunch and had high hopes for this restaurant since it is in such a great location and new. I had the beet salad with chicken and was sorely disappointed by the wilted salty greens with salty pickled beets. It cost $14 since I added chicken and that was so sparse on the plate. My two colleagues had mahi mahi tacos and there was hardly any fish in the dish yet tons of onions Nice place to visit in spring time frame.  The prices are affordable and the views are breathtaking. qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  we loved the chocolate souffl - mmm good all the way through. Go eat there as soon as you can." The highlight of the trip was when we saw a prairie dog on our way out of the garden."  entry pricing is comparable to other horticultural sites around the country.  It certainly goes to the good cause of preserving and protecting regional flora."  possibly landing on you too. They have butterfly patrollers on duty with soft rainbow dusters to make sure you don't leave with a butterfly souvenir." GORGEOUS.  You must see this garden!  It was a beautiful and educational walk.  We thoroughly enjoyed it.  so it's a great opportunity to take the kids when they get of of school." I took plenty of pictures and as I took in what Phoenix had to offer gained a better appreication for the cactus!" The path and information at each stop was stunning and there was even some interactive activities along the way for my daughter to enjoy. I cannot wait to get back to Arizona and take the family again!" Writing and photos don't do it justice  I think it's a pretty cool place to walk around and enjoy the outdoors on a nice day. I really like the butterfly exhibit when that's going on - usually in the spring. I have yet to go to a night time exhibit "Absolutely beautiful! It was way more than I expected! I had taken my Grandmother & Mother there for an early Mother's Day celebration and was pleasantly surprised that the butterfly exhibit was still going on. The staff was very nice  and see if they are open before you go.  We were unable to get there our first try because of a marathon." This is a nice place to come and see the monarch butterfly exhibit and learn about the various types of desert plants and how they survive and acclimate to the desert. Also did insect inspection camp which was fun for the kids. Great teacher to student ratio for the camp. Hands down: our family's favorite place to unwind in the city! I will renew my membership year after year after year....and  but this place changed my mind. It was so nice there that I feel like I can actually appreciate desert plants now...I didn't say love...I said appreciate. And there were some little animals there too. Worth the price if you go when it's under 110 degrees outside for sure. And my hotel had a coupon too."  and it always seems to look different each time. I like the variety of exhibits that they have to offer  go to DBG if you want to get a real taste of Arizona. If you want to try something different  but you can see through them. We also got to see a lot of wild life that was running around since it was just me and my wife. It was really cool to see it when no one was around. I am sure we wouldn't have seen as much interaction between plants and animals if we would have gone when it was busy. We also got lucky to see 2 infant Great Horned Owls while we were there. My wife got some good photos of them. All in all it was a good place and good time. The only downside that I can see to this place is the entry fee. It is a little too expensive. I think $18 per adult is a little high and would love to see it come down a little. Of course it has to be maintained so I understand to a point the cost. Not sure if we will ever come back here I was impressed with the Butterfly Pavilion when we visited on 4/9/13.....plenty of species to get up close and personal with! My nephew also got a kick out of the flashlight tour that we enjoyed in May of this year.......get there to get out of the city!" First tine visit for the flashlight tour. We will come back for a day trip too. The on site bar and restaurant look real cool and the entire property is clean and a good vibe. The trip was a great way to be active but also relax and have a good time." The grounds are impeccable!"  this is a worthy addition to your sight seeing adventures. Enjoy and wear lots of sun screen protection!! Dress accordingly!"  you will likely be bored senseless after about 10 minutes." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w One of the most beautiful settings in Arizona. A must for locals and tourists alike. qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w Last night put us into the holiday spirit. It is a definite must see.  For some reason last night there was a special on admission. 50% off  and their dedication to showing off the beauty of the desert is enough to make any Phoenician proud. If you are a photographer  this is a fairly impressive botanical garden and should be a stop if you are in the Phoenix area.  I'm a fan." I can't wait to go again!" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w I felt privileged to go when Chihuly glass displayed (till May 2014)." I must admit that $30 per ticket (though it's less if you're a park member) seemed a bit steep Bummer as it is sold out through Dec 28. And family from France will be gone." "My favorite place in the Arizona. So gorgeous. The people who work here are also very friendly The Chihuly exhibit in general was beautiful. There's nothing quite like his art and it looks incredible amongst the cacti. I would like to come back at night to see everything all lit up. I'm sure that looks even more amazing.  It's definitely worth a visit!" I can't wait to go back and see all the flora and fauna in the daylight! You simply must go!" Beautiful by day and night.  Luminaries and Chihuly are a must see!!  Makes for a very nice evening! Love this place! Went last night for the luminaries and it was amazing with the Chihuly exhibit going on. I will definitely be coming back to visit during the other seasons to see the amazing plant life." A visit here makes for a nice day of walking around in nature - and the mountain views were certainly pretty. I just didn't feel that it was worth $22. Oh  but the sculptures lit and set amongst the cactus - gorgeous. The exhibit kept giving and giving around every corner! Took a solid 2 hours to see everything from 6-8pm. The crowd was nice and thin by this time. Highly recommend." 20% discount with AAA card :) "Had the opportunity to experience both the Chihuly event with Las Noches De Luminarias at night. So incredible!! I love coming here to the DBG but to experience these two unique events was truly magnificent!! Picture walking through the gardens at dusk  but would really like to go again during the day to be able to read the plaques with plant descriptions more easily. It was a great date night and I'm sure I'll make it another date ""day"" sooner rather than later. :)"  the garden grounds magnificent! Hard to fully explain the impact it has. Especially loved the Saint Earth sculpture! Go   most well curated gardens in this hemisphere. The Chihuly art is a perfect match and anyone who likes glassworks can't afford to pass up the chance to see these installations. I was traveling on business and wish my wife and kids could have experienced the gardens. They'll have to settle for pictures till next time." You can buy a ticket online before you go. If you're thirsty there is free water in front of Gertrude's (next to the shop)" "All I could remember was ... heat.  We went on a mid 70 day and it was still exhausting to walk in the heat.  There are a few really tall cactus' that are cool but honestly..... I wouldn't go back nor would I bring anyone visiting.  I can't seem to find entertainment in plants ! Don't take my opinion on it and go at least once.  The glassblowing exhibit made it a bit more enjoyable.  We stopped by this food area that had really good garlic fries... being foodies we even tried to food.  There were a lot of quails .. we spotted a cardinal which was pretty cool.  Other than that.. a few tips buy online to skip the line  though  the garden was the most crowded I've ever experienced when we went even though they sell a limited number of tickets for specific time slots. The local libraries offer ""culture passes"" where you can get free admission to the garden  just go! Students get in for $12 (pretty steep discount). I went on a Saturday on valentines day weekend and it was very packed. I foolishly didn't make a reservation so I couldn't get in at 5:00 pm but I ended up coming back at 7:00 pm and got in without trouble. If you've never been before  and at night - the way the glass is lit up at night is gorgeous. Get tickets in advance online to skip the lines (the Chihuly exhibit is there through May) and dress for the weather."  it looked like they were hosting an event that day and had done a wedding the day before. What a beautiful venue for events!" I wasn't very impressed with either the Chihuly gift shop or the main gift shop but I didn't let that affect my overall rating."  which I attended last weekend.  What could be better than wine tasting followed by wandering around amidst a bunch of cacti?  ;)  One of the best trips I had there was in April one year because so many of the cacti were in bloom.  Prior to that  Marianne and all the staff and crew at the Desert Botanical Garden!"  but overall for far less money you can get out and experience some of the great trails all around our state. Take the time and see it for real instead of in a plant-zoo." "It was fun to see all the different types of cacti! It got a little repetitive after a while though. The Chihuly exhibit being there is really what pushed it to 4 stars for me.  I would probably go back "Another perk for going to AZ for Spring Training is this place and the Chihuly Exhibit which I think runs through May 2014. A ballgame in the day then the exhibit at night from 4-8pm (there's also a daytime slot but not sure if that would be as good as evening slot). DO NOT MISS THIS if you are in Phoenix for anything! Watch the sunset and stare in amazement at the art glass sculptures created by Chihuly to blend in with the cacti "Wow. What an amazing collection of cacti! This definitely beats out the impressive  I was bummed that the cafe was closed. It's definitely a great walk this great scenery! Lovely for photos!" Keep hydrated in the summer!"  keep in mind that it is very HOT.  The first time I came here was in the summer and I was too miserable to enjoy it."  which by the way is spectacular. The path's are dirt and therefore your shoes and even socks get covered in dust. Beer and wine is sold in different areas of the paths. Take your camera and maybe a note pad and pen. You may want to record the species of plants to place in your yard. I think it's more for adults  apply sunscreen liberally. I would say the garden takes about 2.5 hours to comfortably explore."  but after looking at the other reviews and the over 700 photos! I think this place is very very well documented and photographed and well it is all true. Stop here Take a look at what I wrote about the DBG in my full review in my blog: http://lagamio.com/2014/03/02/desert-botanical-garden/"  which was surprising to me.  There is a coupon for $2 and another deal for 20 % off with AAA.  I did not try to combine them.  My kids went off by themselves and came back with their face painted  with docents on hand to explain and instruct about anything you might want to know. We visited while the Chihuly exhibit was up and were amazed to see how he integrated his works into the landscape to stunning effects. Lunch at Gertrude's "Was just here for Agave on the Rocks and it was very well done. Great food and several incredible bands. And the Fire Dancer was unbelievable!!!! And with Chuhuly Glad in the background  but only $90 for two people for an annual pass (plus you get two free guest passes - that's $44 right there). My boyfriend and I often stop in just for a walk before or after we go out for dinner."  but it was so great to see a new plant life in abundance. This is a beautiful environment and worth as much time as you can give it. The gift shop is standard and the restaurant 'Gertrude's' was very good and very busy. Need reservations for that."  but if not the DSB is still a pretty great place to come and see if you're in Phoenix and looking for something cool to do." So worth visiting however..."  etc.  The garden is a fantastic setting for after hours events."  etc.  The Chihuly glass sculptures situated throughout the gardens were a very nice added touch.  These are pretty darn impressive and the gardens themselves are It is a nice place to walk and wander around looking at the plants This is a gem in the desert.  It has been here in the Valley as lo g as I remember and was a favorite field trip.  Now we love to go as adults and enjoy the holiday luminarias and the artwork.  Became a member too. Had a great time seeing the chihuly sculptures. A little expensive but with seeing at least once! "An amazing and unique botanical garden. There are a lot of botanical gardens in the us but none quite like this which showcases how beautiful  but -wow- were the gift shop prices steep... Would've been nice if the paths were slightly more lot up because it was really hard to see where to walk even though people were everywhere." I have been here several times and have always been impressed!  Yesterday we stopped by to see the Chihuly exhibit and we were blown away as always.  The desert was still somewhat in bloom and interspersed with the Chihuly glass is such a treat.  I highly recommend a visit and check out Groupon to save some $ too.  We paid $12/person instead of $22/person...yippee! They have a great variety of desert and arid plants.  Most Botanical Gardens I've gone to have a much different climate with plants that are used to water and it was very interesting to see the difference of the desert plants.  For me The Desert Botanical Garden is a very special treasure and I am so glad I checked it out.  I am sure you will too. :)"  I feel as though if it weren't for the chiluly and butterfly exhibit the place would seem rather d"  especially with the Chihuly exhibit installations. I love this place & go at least twice a year!" You can walk all the trails in under an hour and the Chihuly glass artwork scattered throughout the gardens added a nice touch." The botanical garden is definitely one of the treasures of the city.   What a great place for a relaxing and interesting walk that really showcases the Sonoran desert beauty.   It does desperately needs a good Cafe and properly done would be a great location for a day and evening restaurant that equally showcases the modern West .  to the exhibit. I loved how the glassworks were integrated into the garden. They did a beautiful job putting it all together What a truly spectacular and magical place! We went to the Chihuly After Dark exhibit and was amazed at both the gorgeous plant life integrated with the artists glassworks! This is a must viewing!!! Gertrude's restaurant was excellent and they serve wine and other beverages to enjoy while you are strolling the grounds!!! "We came here with a group of 10 ppl just to see the Chihuly Exhibit. It was beautiful and we absolutely loved the park. The front gate person said we could come back in the evening to see the glass art lit up in the dark as long as we kept our bracelets on. And we did come back! We walked the park in the daylight in about 2hrs It is $20-$22 per person to get into this exhibit.  You won't see anything here that you can't see for free on a hike on any path around Arizona.  They did have the Chihuly sculptures up and they were beautiful.  But we went during the day and didn't get to see them lit up.  Every stand was out of water and the vending machines only took credit cards.  The waters were $1.50 for a 20oz.  The gift shop was completely over-priced.  A puzzle was $25. We were leaving and people were fighting over parking spaces.  Don't think we would ever go back. "This is quite an enjoyable place to go especially when company is visiting from out of town. The area is really big so there are a lot of different desert plants to see & it takes a sufficient amount of time to walk around. They have a group guided tour for free if you're interested in that. We have been through twice now - once during the day time & also once when they had the Chihully exhibit during the night time. Both times were a pleasant experience although if you're going to the exhibit  it is that parking is a mess and disorganized and the event may be oversold.   We went SAT evening and it looked like others had the same idea to go to this exhibit.  I'd recommend you go early and be prepared to hunt for parking." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w What a wonderful place to visit. Especially at night during the holidays. This past holiday season the Chihuly exhibit was magical. Treat yourself and go. I also encourage you to provide visit scholarships or subsidys for some of our area's least wealthy young people.  They may be inspired to learn plants and lift Arizona science We had a great time and I only regret not being able to stay longer.  I understand that a Fairy World exhibit is coming up next at The Desert Botanical Gardens.  Perhaps a membership is in our future...?" Beautiful!! Leisure walk around gorgeous areas. Bring a water bottle. Lots of restrooms about. Lots of shade and resting areas. Beautifully decorated as well! Gorgeous parabolas and fountains and lots of park helpers everywhere! The gift shop is adorable too.   actually a lot of shade out on the trail.  Would go again to see other exhibits" A friend of mine also got married here more than a decade ago and the wedding was beautiful.  Very romantic.  I wish it was closer to where I live  I believe the Chihuly exhibit has ended but don't let that stop you from checking out this beautiful gem.  Would definitely drop by the gardens if I'm ever in the Phoenix area again.  I loved it!  Don't forget to bring your hat "We've been to the DBG two or three times now for various events.  It's a great place to take the family and friends.  They have many events throughout the year Did I mention they have nighttime flashlight tours? I haven't done one but it sounds like fun. The only way they could improve this place is to make it free."  but its definitely a must do if you are anywhere near Phoenix. Also the plant sale that they have is twice a year too I think  I still found the enjoyment and peace of the desert tours early morning or late evening to beat the heat. Will always love this Arizona Gem. A great place to take out of towners when they visit. Remember... Our backyard cacti and wildlife is alien to these friends & family... DBG fascinates even the most boring uncle that never wants to do anything.... :)"  and great exhibits throughout the year for the locals!"  I never saw another person while tracking through. The plants and information are just gorgeous!!! And having the sunset in the background was beautiful. I'd highly recommend this place. I was also very impressed with all the wildlife I saw. But because I went late The gardens themselves are also great. We bought an annual membership and have used it many times. Every visitor we have had to AZ comes with us and loves it too."  the on-site restaurant is a local favorite and has some really delicious options. The bar looked huge so it would make a fun night spot as well."  but that just adds to the natural beauty this place has. I love the many different areas there are and the interesting historical charms there are hidden throughout. I absolutely love Dave Chihuly's pieces through the garden also. I see myself spending a lot of time here in the future." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  its really beautiful I didn't think it it would be so amazing just being desert. if you walk slowly you can catch a lot of different animals. we can't wait to go again."  very cozy area to stay away from the heat. I was very upset that they don't mention at the entrance that the butterflies pavilion is closed All-in-all this was a really good experience and I'm glad we went. I'd probably go back if I were ever there in Winter  it's $22 to enter. I don't have a problem paying entrance fees but thus is far too high to see an attraction. Botanical gardens in other cities range from $5-10. I hope that by posting this Beautiful grounds. Breathtaking is not an exaggeration. Sorta expensive for the scope/scale of the place. But any plant lover will be in heaven.  I like how they mix it up with sculptural elements as well. I learned a ton here and even got some landscaping ideas for my own yard. No reason not to go here if you are any sort of plant lover.  desert flowers.  Disappointed that many exhibits were closed.  Maybe it was a seasonal thing. Wish they had some kind of tour. I think we would have gotten more out of it.  They seem to be doing a lot of work on the place I recommend spending time here at night to see all of the pieces are lightening up. I'm sure that will surely love it more. The kids enjoyed it much!"  which I visited. There were plently of butterflies to see and take pictures of. Overall Thanks for the hay ride to pick up the pumpkins we couldn't keep." "Beautiful desert gardens.  Come at sunset and you'll be delighted.  I've been here 2x and I'll be back.  Kids have fun I love the botanical garden. There was a time (when I had a zoo membership) when I would take my oldest son several times a month. It always has such pretty blooms and a fun butterfly pavilion. They even have free days on Tuesday!  and the Cactus and Succulent Gallery.  We did see the last one after the wedding party had moved on.  There were signs at the entry pointing wedding guests where they should go.  Providing information for the paying customers regarding the timing the sections would be closed so we could planned our time differently and not missed so much of the gardens." Absolutely stunning a great place to go for a good feel of Arizone. We were there for the Chili + Chocalate fair. Lots of walking so go prepared. My complaint is that the price is quite high for a park where you can really get through everything in an hour or two." "Highly recommended if you are a visitor to Phoenix for the first time. A large variety of cacti- and some of those saguaros have to be 40+ feet tall! Keep in mind this is the desert  and I couldn't have been more pleased. Jessica at the admissions booth was lovely and extremely helpful  to accommodate my schedule. I have attended several events there and they have always been well planned and organized. I recommend them highly to anyone visiting Phoenix." Great place for families!"  probably more than I needed to learn - but it was a fun educational opportunity for sure." Thumbs up and worth a visit!" "Re: las noches de las luminarias. Great place to take a date. Every year they change things up to keep it fresh.  Good bands "WOW!  If you ever wanted to see cactus of all shapes and kinds "Such a great place to see the desert plant life up close. We saw lots of birds and small mammals too  especially with such a huge difference between adult and student. To be honest Best and largest collection of desert plants I have seen. A must-go place in Phoenix. They have ""dog day in the gardens"" in January and then some wine tasting events in February that sound awesome...wish our trip to Phoenix would've coincided with one of these fun days."  there are a few flowers and some wildlife." "Such a beautiful place that showcases so much of the Southwest's natural beauty. Flowers  I think it's a great stop if you're visiting Phoenix." "This is a ""must see"" for those new to the desert.  They have a world renowned collection of desert plants & rare cacti all set in a stunning location.  See natural landscaping as well as what can be done with succulents in a planned landscape.  Excellent!"  saguaros and yucca trees. The beautifully landscaped grounds are well planned. Bring yr hat and wear sunblock as you are in the desert and there is not much coverage.  Some special exhibits at different times of the year so check their calendar. We were there during a chocolate and chili outdoor festival. Yum!  Well worth the admission fee. Plan to stay here for at least a couple of hours such a beautiful array of desert gardens!  art exhibits and plenty of others. I'd suggest a combo if you aren't there in the flowering season. Looked fun!"  the Desert Botanical Gardens in Phoenix will awe you into enjoyment! Nature lovers will love the way the gardens are both laid out and naturally set. The incredible access in its layout allow both convenience and access to every section If you're looking for a nice day to catch a glimpse of beautiful nature life or have a special event to host this is the place to be. I have attended many events at this location which have been catered by some of the best companies. Along with the life of the nature make a perfect combo to a wonderful evening." If you can hit up a night activity there Total jerks. They should  let people know before selling tickets to them." "Love the reciprocal membership! Used my LA Arboretum membership to get in without any problems. Very friendly staff. Nice shady areas to rest in the desert heat. Also lots of cafe seating  several sections of the facility were closed for weddings.  We complained to the management Bring a bottle of water and be prepared to refill it...AZ sun is hot."  reading about the desert plant life and soaking up the hot Phoenix sun. I also visited the Patio Cafe and Gertrude's at the beginning and end of my tour and was impressed by the delicious food and drinks. $22 is a steep price for entrance to a garden but this one did not disappoint. If I lived in Arizona I would gladly join one of the volunteer programs to support this beautiful reserve. Not to be missed "This is in Papago Park near the airport. This is what a Billionaire's desert garden would look like after sixty years of care. Easy "Not much I can say about this place except that there are a lot of cacti. I didn't think it was very diverse in regards to plant life there... again just a lot of cacti and dirt. There wasn't a lot of great views either  but it was a temporary exhibit. There are only a few near the ticket booth. If you have AAA "Enjoyed our lunch and walk around the Desert Botanical Garden. I was disappointed the Butterfly exhibit was an additional fee "I went here on a Sunday (alone) to have some fun with my camera and finally see the garden in person. I only saw part of it but I was amazed by the beauty and diversity I found here. I went back the following Friday to experience this with a special lady. It is the perfect place for a date! It is the perfect place to take the kids and even guests from out of town. If you appreciate the beauty of nature  but get there early. We arrived shortly after opening to beat the heat and the crowds. We spent about two and a half hours throughout the gardens. As we left "Absolutely beautiful. We actually were lucky enough that we went on a partly cloudy day and it was absolutely gorgeous. The chihuly sculptures are so intricate that just seeing photos of them does not do them justice. There was a lot of walking involved  we went Saturday. There were many people but it wasn't uncomfortably crowded. Volunteers were in all the display areas with smiles and information. Many plants were blooming and we enjoyed watching various butterflies and hummingbirds. We even saw several varieties of lizards. I loved the herb garden Well worth the cost of membership if you go more than twice a year Bit of Advice: Go early in the day. Make it a day. Have lunch at the Garden. Afternoons in late April are beginning to get toasty Great place to visit and look at teh various plants.  Lots of different birds too. "This place has an excellent variety of plants and cacti and the folks here are very knowledgeable and friendly.  I'd say April is the month to go  is that trails can be kind of confusing and you can double around a bit. And you are walking in the sun for a coupe of hours I got lucky and scored free tickets from the phoenix public library!" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w Overall this is a very nice garden. Go see it if you are in the Phoenix area and if the weather isn't too hot. Wear sunscreen and a hat. Drink water. There are many water fountains throughout the park but bring a water bottle. This is a nice place to see desert plants. It is a beautifully maintained garden. When I visited there were many plants blooming "This is a really amazing place to learn about the desert environment's flora.  I never knew that such variety existed out in the hot and dry environment of the desert.  They also educate you on how the native people lived and some of the plants they subsisted on.  They have five trails  and other decorative items. There is a restaurant adjacent to the gift shop that I hear is very good!" I recommend coming here in the morning before it gets too hot. Be prepared for lots of walking; the garden is much larger than it appears  but I learned almost nothing. I did enjoy learning about hummingbirds and butterflies Since that doesn't happen in Northern California."  it was a beautiful day out and I had great company!" 4 stars it is. A good random date spot for you dudes who are smart So much to see and no words can describe how beautiful this place is. I picked up some ideas for my house as well as added new plants to my I want list."  and as a kid every summer i used to volunteer at the kids center (not sure if everything is still the same) but i always had a blast! The whole garden was very large  this is a desert."" We had a good laugh once I gently set the expectations to a more realistic level. Still had a great time. Go here if you're running out of things to see or they have some kind of art exhibit going on." Stunning location and very nice layout.  Wish the tickets were a little less than they are but if it keeps the place going I might go a bit less but..... "This was pretty nice. The exhibits are really nicely displayed and there's a lot more to the desert landscape than I had previously thought. The education component is definitely nice. It's also fun to go at dusk and use flashlights to navigate through the gardens. I was disappointed that many of the exhibits were closed for construction and/or remodeling I will make it a point to come back here during future trips.  What a fantastic place this is!  I loved it!!" Disappointed a few exhibits and trails were closed didn't get to see any type of wildflowers just Joshua trees and cactus .. Bad timing 8/17/15 ... $40.00 is a bit pricy if you ask me I felt like it was a tourist trap.. The admission is ~$20 but you get what you pay for and this place is a gem and is completely funded without any government money. Parking is free. The restaurant and it's menu looked nice and I would love to have sit down but I didn't have enough time."  keep telling me what a glorious new outfit the desert has found in its new Botanical Garden. And I'll go for a hike." This experience is perfect for any age. I would come back with my parents and even grandparents since the trail is pretty easy to go through. There are volunteers who have set up a table and wear string lights around their neck so you can quickly locate them A super great 'oasis' minutes from downtown Phoenix with loads of annotated flora of the desert. Lots of sunshine and beautiful walking trails with a wonderful restaurant and gift shop. Just make sure you bring a hat and sun block while enjoying the trails. Can spend as little as 30min here and as much an 1 hour. Make sure to take a break from the heat at some point. Stay hydrated and bring a water bottle." "Im from Washington DC and by the US Capital we have a FREE beautiful botanical garden. I paid $20 to walk around in the heat to see cactus that I had already seen on my way to Sedona. I was not impressed with this place and even though I was rushing it so I could catch my flight Botanical gardens is a beautiful place to enjoy nature of the desert. We had a drink at the built in restaurant - I think it's called Gertrude's and it was a nice break to a hectic week Beautiful gardens and lots of education. The staff was friendly and knowledgable. As a native to Washington state I'm fascinated by the different vegetation for the region and in awe at the beauty. I'd go again the next time I'm in the area. "I second the other reviewer that doesn't ""get"" this park. I went here once almost 8 years ago when I first moved to Phoenix and I remember being completely underwhelmed. Today I was like OK maybe I should give this park another chance since the reviews on Yelp and Trip Advisor and pretty much everywhere online make it sound like it's best garden on earth so I thought to myself I must've missed something in my first visit. Nope "Saw this place on Yelp and decided to check it out while I was in town. I've never seen a botanical garden based on cacti but this place is very impressive. Very well kept and the docents are very friendly. They have a sit down restaurant at the front and a casual deli Cafe towards the back. The admission fee is $22 for general which is kinda steep especially since I didn't stay very long since it was so freaking hot. However   go take a trip to one of the places that one of these guys gave for thier 1-2 star review and enjoy seeing less than half of the plants you'll see on the outside. P.s. if you are expecting to see tulips or daisies We just moved to Arizona and we went to the Desert Botanical Gardens last week. It was beautiful and we learned so much. I can't wait to go back and see how the gardens change each season! Beautiful! Never having been to a desert before I was a great experience to see the beautiful desert gardens. Adults get in at $22. Parking is free" My first time here and already planing on coming back we were here for my 2 daughters event on day of the death it's a nice celebration my kids were dancing food was good music good and the wheater couldn't it be better for an outdoor event we are coming back closer to Christmas. Pretty cool place to check out if your into gardens and horticulture. Great exhibition of desert plant life. Come by and check it out if your nearby.  although for $22 per person just to walk around in the garden is pretty steep (hence the 4 stars) the small little exhibits and info of the plants were very interesting and seeing the wildlife like butterflies and hummingbirds only inches from you is great as well !" This is my perhaps 4th visit and a must visit every time I'm in Arizona."   came here for the chili and chocolate event and it did not disappoint. They had both an indoor and outdoor section.  There was also a stage for cultural shows as well.  I'd come back here again."  but you would not have known until you got to the parking lot - it is that quiet.  The security staff were very cordial and helpful too.  When an elderly member of our party left their cane in the go-cart rental office My boyfriend and I went because we got free tickets from the library. I expected to see some pretty flowers but all I saw was plants and trees. They are okay but I prefer flowers. I wouldn't pay any money to go back. First time was enough for me.  a wedding reception in the outdoor pavilion.  You really cant ask for a better venue. Surrounded be acres of desert foliage  but the entire grounds were then covered in lights and the paths were lined with luminaries.  There were a variety of genres of live music playing all around the gardens and plenty of warm and cold beverages to enjoy while walking along and enjoying the beautiful lights display.  We had our 11 year old with us and while this event was great for young and old I think this is worth seeing but I would be hard pressed to spend for an annual pass."  people were trying to purchase tix and could not get any!  The event was lovely and not too crowded but plenty of people.  We went around 6:30p and stayed for over two hours.  The employees also had some telescopes out and we could view the stars.  The light exhibits were pretty and easy to tour." I 5/5 highly recommend the Desert Botanical Garden!"  the evening was packed with festive fun. They make a MEAN hot chocolate as well. It tasted like Irish Cream! It is a great evening for all ages and a must see in the Valley. I can't wait to go back next year! Thank you to the wonderful staff for being so helpful and navigating us through the gardens!"  I wasn't sure what to expect when coming to this event and I was pleasantly surprised. I highly recommend it to anyone for any music fan or someone looking for something to do during the holidays...." What a great way to spend a few hours. They do a great job and the mountains behind it are awesome. They do give a aaa discount too.  & on desert communities. The walkways are clearly marked. Signage is good. There is food available. Note that it is very hard to get tickets for the holiday lights special timings during Christmas time  dinner at Gertrude  on site.Continued to see fiber optic lights on the desert mountain side at night fall beautiful."  for example) to explain what people in the desert used to use for food. Beauty was everywhere I looked and there were nice maps and explanations of plants."  its nice place to take a walk before going out for dinner and drinks if you are in the area." If you're looking for a new place to take your hot date (or your hot grandma) We went in the last week of December when they had the Las Noches de las Luminarias and Bruce Munro Sonoran Light event. It was an excellent experience. We hope to be back next year! 9. Have a good time !"  think about using that day's fee towards purchasing a membership on the way out.  You'll also get a free entrance to a few hundred other gardens through their reciprocal admissions program."  6 and 8 love exploring around.  I have enjoyed coming at different times during the year and seeing how the plants change.  The volunteers are so helpful!  We have really learned a lot!" The exhibit was kind of cool to see but was redundant after about 30 minutes. Fiber optics lit up the mountain side which was just breath taking  tranquil place to go for a stroll amongst our desert habitat. Special exhibits and events such as Chihuly and Las Noches de Las Luminarias are always done very tastefully to further compliment the garden. Getting an annual membership is well worth the investment as paying admission for each visit can get costly depending on how often one visits the garden. Staff is also knowledgable and friendly."  and relaxation areas while you walk around. You can learn a lot from all of the plaques or just wander around and enjoy nature. My family was there for about 3 hours. Kind of expensive admission fee but active duty military get in for free!"  the gardens regularly offers up art installations in a bid to get folks back.  It works - beautifully.  We saw the Chihuly exhibit years ago and we were back this time for the Bruce Munro exhibition.  Absolutely stunning - it runs through May - don't miss it." Dog's Day in the Gardens was such a great day for my pooch and me. Volunteers were plentiful to help with directions and answer questions. Filled water bowls were scattered throughout the gardens.  I loved the yoga class with my dog. The yogi showed us how to massage and bond with our pets in a unique way. The weather was perfect for strolling the trails. Live music was provided on the restaurant patios. I did not encounter one misbehavior from either a dog or person. It was a lovely morning. What a beautiful place!! A little pricey .. But I understand why. There was several places to go off the main trail so many things to do .. There is so much beauty to the desert. Echo chambers are really fun also.. The whole experience was just awesome. Got a great deal on a membership and I really enjoy walking around the garden. We attended Dog Day in the Garden and it was a blast. Will definitely visit again. It's a must do for family wanting to get that Arizona experience."  was amazing. Had lunch at Gertrude's - it was great service and the food was outstanding. We went back tonight to see the light show "I am sure there are virtually no negative reviews of the garden. It is a great place to spend a few hours. It will both delight the visual senses and add a few things to your knowledge base. The staff can answer almost any question you may have and will also add some very interesting facts about the many Excellent day trip for locals and visitors to our state.  perfect to give to friends and family. I saw tiny magnetic potted succulents (heart shaped!!) and tiny tiny cacti" Call ahead to ask how much of their areas are closed" "Hidden gem of the valley in my book. Great date spot. As much as I hate the desert Came here over the weekend and could not believe the beauty of this place. It was the nighttime exhibit highlighting the work of Bruno Munro. Tickets to this event in particular were $25 but well worth every penny. The beauty of the lights and the landscape were astonishing. The weather was perfect for a mid February night.  The smells of the different trees and plants was an extra nice bonus. I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys nature & desert landscapes. I will definitely be visiting this place again.  the lady explaining this event to me should have mentioned advance reservations are absolute!)  O.K. so we'll go somewhere else!  No!!!  The Patio Cafe closes at 4 pm.  Why couldn't this alternative stay open for the dates of this event??  There were so many hungry frustrated people wanting to eat!  The little Light Lounge was CRAMMED with people Very pricey! Save your cash & look @ all the pics people have posted!! Very uneven walking... Dark pathways... Overcharging seems OK to all in charge!! I took my sister here while she was visiting. She absolutely loved it! There was plenty of seating along the way just in case you needed a rest. I couldn't believe all the wildlife we saw up close! We were sitting on the patio and a pair of Roadrunners showed up with a covey of Quail and even a small Ground Squirrel. If you're a Birder like me you need to take your binoculars because you'll see many species! It was a great day trip and I'd recommend it to any one. Beautifully arranged. Great gift shop. It was a last minute unplanned visit and didn't have a hat with me. Great selection and I purchased one that covered my neck and upper back. Everyone was very nice. Place was incredible.  Both the variety of plants but also the care they obviously show for these plants under their care!  It really should be on anybody's list when they visit Phoenix. "Went in the evening for the Sonoran Light exhibit. It was other worldly to walk through the garden at night. The desert has a completely different feel when seen by lights in the dark Came for the Bruce Munro exhibit and it was amazing! I cannot wait to visit during the day and see the entire garden. The staff was very friendly and everything was clean! "Wow! I could not believe my eyes. This is a very large exhibit. The walking trails are wide and accepting to motorized wheel chairs. There are a good many seating sights scattered throughout the exhibit to offer rest and senses upload. We were treated today by the delightful music of a live orchestra on sight. The comfortable temperature  take a trip to the Desert Botanical Garden.  It's an easy train to bus ride if you are downtown.  Bring water All in all besides ""life"" getting in the way lol. I enjoyed the lights they are extremely creative and so worth it!"  this is a perfect way to get a peek at all the variety we have here.  On my first visit I was surprised by all the historical info in the exhibits.  I learned a lot and this is now a must when family comes to town!  Catch the butterfly exhibit with the kids and you are an instant hero.  :)"  so that you can appreciate these works of art. Be sure to check the hours the garden is open  It was worse then being at Disney!! Save the $25 and go for a hike around the valley "This is a very lovely park with a lot to see!  We spent way longer here than we thought we would. Many loops and trails to walk. Wonderful shady places to sit and relax. We went on a Saturday and artists were scattered throughout the park. Employees were helpful and friendly. I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the gardens It was $25 well spent! Especially since it was like seeing two different gardens." thought I'd see more glass art like was displayed at the entry - kind of a tourist trap with over priced Christmas cactus in the gift shop.  They also had areas blocked for private parties  we've also been to the Monarch Migration & previous events held in the Butterfly Pavilion.  We normally visit every spring and usually a few other times during the year.  The wildlife you come across while walking the trails is always amazing to see.  Nice outdoor cafe in the back We visited the garden during a special light installation from Bruce Munro: Sonoran Light.  We arrived at sunset and it was packed!  I wasn't surprised since the marketing for this event was on par all over the tv.  No worries The DBG is always a favorite when we visit Scottsdale. This year the blooms were especially magnificent. It's a unique garden with good variety and unusual plants. The staff are wonderful (with the exception of the super crabby lady in charge of the ticket booth - but maybe she caught the 'prickly' from the plants!) The Bruce Munro was interesting. I had seen his installation in Atlanta. I think it shows off better with more varied terrain - but still lovely.  so luckily we didn't have to pay. I don't think it's worth the $22 admission fee unless you really want to see a bunch of cacti or maybe come at night for the lights. I didn't stick around to see the night show because I was dying of the heat. Plus to top it off I got all these prickly little red things stuck in my hand that hurt like hell. I'm not sure how that happened because I didn't touch anything and I'm not stupid enough to to run my hand  along a cactus. I had to go to first aid to have them take it off and it still hurts. It happened to someone else in my group so it wasn't just me. That probably isn't something to worry about though...those type of things just seem to happen to me. FML" Loved the Bruce Monroe light show!! Would highly recommend. You won't regret going to this beautiful lighting show Great place to see desert plants and some wildlife. It was really hot though so we had to cut out before we melted to the pavement. Definitely need to visit as soon as they open to avoid the heat. Bring a camera - there were so many great views to capture. "Pretty neat botanical garden.   Very well laid out with a good map and even better volunteers helping to answer direction questions.   Lots of little lizards  I recommend you not go and save yourself at least $25.00 as that was the admission per person."  architecture and overall experience was lots of fun really amazing selection of plants."  but they also have beautiful artwork and lots of unique pieces for sale. I must have spent 20-30 minutes in there alone!" What an amazing place.  The gardens are well kept and beautiful.  Plenty of staff around if you have questions.  I'm a visitor to Arizona so I learned a lot.  It was well worth the trip and the admission.  Great morning. We had been hiking all over Arizona on our vacation but the botanical garden captured all the different regions. We were also there for blooms!  I really enjoyed the Native American loop... Good stuff in there. I can't wait to return to explore some more at one of Arizona's must see spots in the valley!"  a walk through the Garden can feel like wandering through Death Valley "Saw the Chihuly glass exhibit at DBG and loved it.  Thought we'd follow up with a family venture back to DBG for the Munro light exhibit for Mother's Day but was bitterly disappointed.  DBG is a great place to walk around If you are in the Phoenix area definitely stop by. Beautiful gardens and good restaurant. I'll be back.  there is a reasonable admission fee to get in.  The Garden is in a beautiful and natural setting with lots and lots of different variety of the Cacti species This really is a case of ""a picture is worth a thousand words"".  Look at the photo gallery and go!" I stopped by here while on vacation. Helpful and friendly staff. I would say a definite stop if new to the Phoenix area like me. "This place is beautiful! We attended one of their music in the garden concerts and had a wonderful time.  I would definitely like to return and walk some of their trails while taking in the beautiful surroundings.  I'd also l like to try the on-site restaurant  everything decides to wake up and celebrate! Lots of walking to do.. So if you have mobility issues you may want a cane or wheelchair. I suggest sun screen and hats...you are in an outdoor museum.and please bring your cameras My mother and I visited this place while vacationing in Phoenix and it was breath taking! The wildflower exhibit is my favorite and walking through the herbal garden was invigorating! Make sure to wear sunscreen and bring a big water bottle to beat the heat. Wear your walking shoes too! This is a stop you must make if you're making a trip to Phoenix! Remember to put on some sunscreen and bring a hat when you are in the garden. Everything was outdoor! It was super sunny/hot and dry when I was there  and willing to answer any questions you may have and offer education about the many things to see in this park.  The Botanical Garden offers a 10% discount on admission if you are a member of AAA (American Automobile Association).  I have read about the many other great seasonal festivals here such as the Chocolate Festival :) and the Luminaries during the holidays.  I look forward to visiting again in the future to partake in these." We had an amazing time here! Very educational and absolutely gorgeous. Wildlife is abundant and many of the animals I was surprised to see lived in the desert! The staff was helpful and very friendly. You should absolutely visit when you travel to Phoenix!  this a great place to visit without having to go out too far. Plus check Groupon for discounted ticket deals." I'm from North Carolina and out in Arizona for work.  I needed something to get me out of the hotel with some scenery.  The gardens had some of the most amazing scenic shots ever!  I took a million pictures and all the volunteers were so friendly.  Totally worth the admission fee!  Take some good walking shoes and some water! This is my favorite place to visit on a day off. I love how there are pockets of nature that are like sanctuaries. I also love all the wildlife running around. There is always an event too! The sculptures really add to the ambiance!  we only covered half of the garden and look forward to coming back in cooler weather. Great glass sculptures near the entrance. We noticed and were thrilled by the cactus sundial. We appreciated all the water fountains at various stations. We came during the evening and saw wildlife: desert cottontails Desert Song is a great facility." All of the other instructors are good as well. I try and get in a class twice a month here.  Not pretentious  but have tried to do some of the more advanced variations. The ""all levels"" class will probably keep me challenged for a long time. Then Heidi's intro classes are great (and not too big). But maybe you should try another teacher when you're done with intro; Heidi's other classes tend to fill up . . ." "Excellent teachers and lovely facility.  Regardless of your experience level "I came across this studio when searching for a place that offered prenatal yoga.  I have been so pleased!  The instructors are very friendly and knowledgeable Best prenatal massage in the valley! "It really doesn't get any better than this.  The only place I will go - If you want to try yoga or you've been practicing for a while  we would have easily spent $40 or more having an average experience at any of our typical haunts.  But the payoff for this two hours was far better than any other date we've had recently.  Thank you so much  intimate and nurturing environment and I am absolutely going to continue going there. It is also 5 minutes from my house......which is yet again another huge plus!!!"  the Mommy and Me yoga is so overrated. I think I just did not really mesh well with Evon. But "Love this place.  Been going for over 10 years.  Heart-centered yoga taught by heart-centered teachers.  It's a spiritual place for me as well as a place for me to work my body and mind.  Mary Beth byNyDMlRwpWD1GAil5QXjA  and I really appreciated not having to pay to rent a mat (every studio in D.C. charges for this)  but her classes have a great energy. I am really starting to notice an improvement in my balance and strength (I no longer feel like I am going to do a face plant when I go into cobra). Whether you are a beginner or advanced you should check it out."  I feel that that have always taken great care to work with me so that I never go too far and reinjure. Mary Beth and all the other instructors are the best. They also have special workshops and off site yoga trips "Dessert is simply best for all people. The into class is great for anyone just getting started or who needs a refresher. Yoga is always great for me. So i liked this place very much. If want to interact with great people while furthering your yoga practice  informative and fun.  i feel so much better afterwards. everyone is so nice and the place just has a great vibe probably due to the great people working there!" Anna is a Be talented teacher. She juggles the babies byNyDMlRwpWD1GAil5QXjA If you have never done yoga I highly recommend taking their Intro class." "I only come here for massages so that's what my rating is for.  Their 90 minute massage is $105 "This place is life changing.  LIFE CHANGING.  Any class taught by Heidi will knock your socks off.  I feel as though I'm floating thru class with ease but then I'm sore the next day.  It's as meditative & healing as it is exercise.  Very clean Does it sound like I'm crazy about this place? That's because I am! Seriously  accommodating. Atmosphere is serene and peaceful. I do not have enough words to describe how much better I felt after leaving. I can't wait to go again tonight."  desert song is hands down the best place to get a massage in the valley. The practitioners can root out your stress and rub it all away. After a massage here I feel as if all of my stressors in life have magically disappeared. There's nothing that even comes close. They've ruined me for everything else." "Desert Song's Intro to Yoga class was a perfect introduction to what has become a weekly Thursday evening routine for me.  Desert Song offers a variety of classes at different times of day "I have practiced all over the valley and no other studio comes close to Desert Song.  The center is comfortably beautiful and the instructors are some of the best I've experienced in all of my yoga travels over the past ten years.  You will experience great yoga --well sequenced  breathing techniques and overall wellness.  I used to have a lot of stress and anxiety and since I have been coming to Desert Song I have become very relaxed and serene.  Everyone who works here is exceptionally kind.  I highly recommend Desert Song!"  and meditation and caring for your body/mind." I love Desert Song!  Wonderful instructors and a beautiful space.  Great variety of instructors provide a class perfect for anyone. I started going to Desert Song about 16 weeks into my first pregnancy and I was hooked after the first prenatal yoga class I took. I got the two weeks intro card and tried out some of the other classes. All the instructors were very helpful about giving me modifications for my pregnancy. I have been going to the prenatal yoga class now for 5 weeks and I absolutely love it!! It helps so much with all the pregnancy symptoms. The other non-pregnancy classes were amazing too! Everyone here is super nice and helpful. Highly recommend. My daughter brought me here for an all levels yoga session. Absolutely great. Even got hand written thank you cards in the mail. Going back again next week. I love Desert Song!  Wonderful instructors and a beautiful space.  Great variety of instructors provide a class perfect for anyone. Ben in membership is great - go check it out and tell them Gabi sent you!" "I am with Gabi:) I have been a member here for 10 years.  This is a family gym with lots of activities for all ages The Village has a great feel and is If you're looking for a place to workout that is more than just a basic gym "I'll have to admit that when I learned of the $137 monthly dues I was a bit turned off.  I'm two days in on a guest pass and am completely convinced that at even 5 1/2 times more than LA Fitness  and if any of you yelpers are seriously thinking of joining and want some good karma  the word is gonna get out on this place.  Pretty soon we'll be waiting in line just like all the suckers at la fitness and 24hr.  Then what?  Besides $100 a month for a gym... thats just crazy talk.  Oh  i was invited by a friend and when i saw all the facilities i was very impressed. it is expensive but it is woth it." I think it's rather absurd that gym options in AZ are this or dumps like Bally's Obviously my massage therapist didn't show up until 9AM. That would be too bloody much to ask when one has a crippling back injury. Sure the massage was decent (not in price mind you). I just feel like my time and money are completely unappreciated and I absolutely will not return there. By the way I feel lucky to be able to work out at the Village. The yoga instructors are my favorite part about it - all or most of them are from At One Yoga. The equipment is state of the art & the facilities are very nice. Plus it has one of the best views in town of Camelback Mtn from the back patio/tennis courts! Village- I stay loyal and true to you!" I can't wait to go back and enjoy more classes.  You have got to stop in and enjoy this place.  This is place has earned the title health club.  It was absolutely amazing!"  tennis and there are loads of classes to take.  I like the zumba and the yoga...the food is nice and so is the pool.  There are always good looking people and it is pretty busy.  Overall one of the best places around to belong!"  and the men's changing room had an entertainment lunge with super comfy couches and a flat screen TV. I don't know that I'd pop a squat and watch the tube I left and now I am back after spending some time at LA fitness.  You get what you pay for.  I never should have left.   The place makes you want to stay and work out.  I never felt that at other gyms.  but what price do you put on your health & well-being?  For me?  Priceless."  even for someone who doesn't remotely consider herself a gym rat. Definitely take advantage of their free trial time to make sure it's the right fit for you "Don't let the comments on here fool you. I've been a member of this club for awhile and management of this club is only interesting in selling memberships. The people who run this club are the people on the basketball court. Let me explain. The club centers around the basketball court and everyone in the club is forced to hear the kids on the court yell They even have a lounge where after playing tennis for 2hrs. you can walk in & get a beer & order a decent meal..."  but little or no waiting for machines.  Classes are plentiful.  Great things for the kids." There are actually a lot of the amenities that I have not tried at the Village and would like to this year." Maybe I caught everyone on a bad day but I would suggest looking somewhere else unless you absolutely have to get your nails done um  healthy and you can definitely see that they enjoy being at The Village when they are there I have been going to this place since I was about 11 years old!  So that is about 15 years...crazy!! Just like Nadia said... The village really is a way of life and a lifestyle...Now it is not cheap to be a member...but that is up to each individual that is willing to pay the monthly fee.  I was a member before they did their huge renovation...there used to be a Garcias restaurant next door and that closed and they took over!  Their spa is beautiful...their restaurant and bar area is a nice place to grab a bite and enjoy a glass of wine...the locker rooms are beautiful and are very nice and clean!  They have so many classes and options for everyone! The trainers and instructors all have so much experience and they really know what they are doing...they have really set themselves apart from any other workout facility or gym...it is expensive but as long as you know what the costs are it is worth it...  you should also be able to feel gratitude and joyfulness wherever you practice.  So if you feel like some rock and roll yoga The downside for me was you have to walk past an open basketball court Definitely recommend the Village to anyone looking for a gym with many extras! It's worth the high price  The focus does not seem to be as much on quality as I would like for the money.   Some of the machines/ equipment are in need of an upgrade. Who wants to join 24 hour fitness ballys or any of the greasy chain gyms  equipment is gorgeous/new and it's relatively Centrally located in Phoenix. IMHO I think there are a couple of minor issues to this club but I think it's probably due to my lack of experience here and I need to adjust to this particular locations specifics. The cardio area can become very busy and you might have to wait for a machine because this location doesn't have as many machines as Gainey. The men's locker is gorgeous There are some people here who are in great shape. There are some people who are flat out awesome to chat with. The customer service is nice. I would club baby seals for some of the girls here to star opposite me in a romantic comedy.       However  it definately is not worth it in my opinion. From what I hear the poor quality is specific to this club. Other Villages in the valley are supposedly nice and a huge improvement from this place. They need to make some great improvements or I predict they are going to start losing several members." avoid this place like the plague.  you can find as nice/nicer gyms at 1/10th the price."  but whatever. I thought the layout was a little confusing as I had trouble finding the bathroom and there was no one around to offer me direction. However The Village has everything you could possibly desire in a gym. From tennis to yoga! The trainers are so knowledgeable and the group fitness class instructors are incredible.  The equipment is up to date and always available. This gym never disappoints. I have been to all the Village locations and they are all so great! Pilates with Julie rocks sR9lSQiTuBg8zsIw9Zd-Dg If you are looking for a top notch full service gym then this is it.  The amenities are great and the workout space is adequate.  The only knock that I have on the gym is the size of the weight room.  The cardio room has plenty of machines and the pickup basketball throughout the week is always fun.  and you can save a lot of dough going to LA fitness or another big box gym "Amanda's spin class is the best in the city!!! High energy advanced riders kind of class!!  If she wasn't there I don't think I would even be a member!!! Also "Great place for families The only thing I find frustrating is calling in to reserve space for Kinesis or Cycle.  Sometimes I call right at the start of the call in window and they are already full occupancy"  DON'T go here!  Absolutely NOTHING to do for kids under 14.  BORING!!!!!!  Basketball court is taken by adults.  Kids play area is sometimes used as a boot camp room.  It has no video games I had a manicure at village spa. Shirene Najm did a fab job. Well worth the $25. Ask for her! up 7.00. After a while I had to get to my workout classes earlier and earlier because parking got to be a pain. The weight room is crowded and had to wait to use weights and machines. The last year of my membership I was paying 145 a month  especially Thursday early and Sunday hour long class. Highly recommend the village even if you do not play tennis." The facilities are always clean and the staff is polite and professional.  This place is definitely worth the high monthly membership fees."  really thick head of hair followed by a pedicure with Rebecca. And did I mention that they give you WINE with you salon services!!!!  A little known fact - you DON'T have to be a member to use the spa or salon!  But membership has it's perks - you get 10% off!!" I think it's worth it and will continue to stay a member. Before I joined I read a review that said it's not just a club it's a lifestyle. I thought it was a pretty poxy review but now I have joined I understand what he meant and I completely agree."  and I've been going daily.  The steep price tag is worth every penny."  Tami is the best manicurist ever!!! I recently had a manicure and pedicure for a wedding I was in. I was a little worried that my manicure would chip before the big day because I am really hard on my hands. But lo and behold the polish not only looked beautiful for the wedding but still looked great 7 days later!!! That's amazing!!! And the pedicure sR9lSQiTuBg8zsIw9Zd-Dg I would recommend the DC Ranch Village. Much better!!!"  while a wise fitness and health restoring club it is not. Camelback Village promotes too much unhealthy practices and is simply not remotely worth it for those that have wisdom and understand what is going on. This place is especially scary for those with with impressionable minds like children and heavily western cultured adults and young adults. A place of this caliber should offer healthy The rest of the gym was absolutely packed. There were very few pieces of cardio equipment empty. I guess people in Phoenix have to get up early for workouts when they can't hid behind their coats all day like we do in Chicago." There is also an awesome bar overlooking the tennis courts...I could go on and on..." Have been members for over ten years. Great club and lots of classes and racquet sports too. The food service is decent and as a neighborhood club it is a great place to join. "I joined a few weeks ago and simply love it! The Pilates classes are so challenging- love them. Food- great! Pool-great! Cleanliness- cleanest gym I've ever been to! Can't give 5 stars because it's expensive  the basketball court which consumes the main body of the gym had to be redone twice (several weeks duration each time) forcing the fumes of sealant and dust to be unavoidable.  When the gym was fully flooded the drywall in areas was replaced but left to question if there were mold issues which they never addressed with the members to provide assurance.  The ladies gym jacuzzi does not seem to be maintained and is over chlorinated "I wish they would upgrade their cardio room. Their AV in cardio reminds me of a 1989 flashback. None of their treadmills have their own A/V... Even worse if you want audio you can read it closed caption because unless you download a ""radio"" app you are reading the audio on an old fashioned TV."  incredible facility and the food and spirits are better than you'd expect. Its a comfortable feel and although there are a number of notable celebrities and athletes "The family atmosphere rocks and it's a no brainer but three stars as the internet sucks. Don't even bother bringing a tablet to watch because the equipment has no updated tvs and such. No reception. Ridiculousness.   Cafe prices have gotten out of hand. What is happening here????  If lifetime fitness opened down the street "Why are there security cameras in the men's locker room shower area?  It's disconcerting to find this blatant level of privacy invasion.  Management simply responded by saying  and motivation was on point!! I'm super spoiled coming from canyon ranch and really hoping all the trainers and instructors are as impressive as her. My body was sore everywhere for next 3 days. She knows her stuff. I would wake up at the crack of dawn to do boot camp  we have experienced almost everything the Village offers. Free intros to almost every type of exercise Awesome club. Walked in and paid $20 for a day pass. Staff were friendly and welcoming. Outdoor pool great. Club clean. Highly recommend. Member since day one. State of art equipment. Great facility & mgmt generally ok. Great tennis facility & location. Just join & thank me later- you'll love it here!!!"  but AHS is great.  And definitely worth a visit."  there was Arizona Hiking Shack. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. They are very good at fitting their customers with the right gear. They make every effort to be sure that you have what you need and are prepared for your hike b-IWZuVd3f0GcbtetwG5WA  as they close earlier than larger retailers."  he explained to me why X shoe would be better for than Y shoe as well as helped me understand for the first time why i need an orthotic insert.  my feet are feeling GREAT!  i am so happy with them  go here!  Your choices are somewhat limited but they'll do their best to find something that works for you!" Patient and knowledgable folks who clearly love and use these products. They cherry-pick selections so you don't have to. Go here first and support local business. NOTE- After 40 years they are not on Cave Creek anymore. They moved down to Thomas."  they sell EVERYTHING you need for the outdoors except bikes. tons of rock climbing and mountaineering goods!" Very helpful. Knew exactly what I needed (a grappling hook) and pointed me in the right direction. I will use them again. Very nice.  kayaking and hiking/climbing equipment and attire. They have a huge selection of books and maps and their customer associates are knowledgeable and friendly who are also outdoor enthusiasts A nice shop with a silly policy. This shop seemed like a nice find but I had a bad experience. I went in to rent a climbing harness for a few days. I was charged $52. To a neophyte like me this seemed like a good deal but it would have been nice if the worker had told me that they sell better harnesses than the one I rented for less than the rental charge. When I went to return the harness I suggested that instead of being charged for the rental I buy a harness plus a locking carabiner and an ATC. They declined my offer and so I will be taking my business to REI in the future.  don't kid yourself and trust on-line salespeople and purchases.  Don't wander into REI. Instead "Excellent experience. My son is a new boy scout and in need of back packing gear. Judd was terrific. Patient with our questions and he had my son try on different packs and then loaded them with weight. Of the packs we looked at Stopped in to browse & was saying what a great store they had.  I hike often & have horses so I could have spent a lot of $ there. Have a friend looking for a kayak & asked a simple question about the used kayaks @ the front  ... The sales guy gave me a very condescending answer & chuckled. I will never go back & will spread the word!!   Thx  while still being ""in line"" to purchase boots. Maybe if the attendant said ""I will come find you when we're done"" or take a number."  every piece of hiking/climbing/backpacking gear I own is from this shop  glad you are still here !"  but be prepared to pay the price for it. If you're a serious outdoors enthusiast it may be worth it I was searching for a pair of Costa Sunglasses and located the Arizona Hiking Shack via Costa. These Amazing sunglasses are hard to find in Phoenix. Their selection of technical clothing was also impressive. True specialty shops are a rare find these days. I intend on supporting these professionals! Very friendly staff but not the best selection of gear and the price aren't the best. There are  better stores. I can't say enough about the quality of the staff... The best!" "Amazing this place stays in business given the owner's lack of customer service. I went in today looking for an Imlay Canyonero rope. After waiting around ~10 minutes the owner came to help me. He showed me an Imlay rope and I said ""that's a Canyonfire"" to which he replied ""I have no idea."" Then he started telling me about the differences between nylon and polyester rope and that the Canyonero is not a good rope for getting wet. I said I need the Canyonero it's the rope I want and it was designed to get wet. He left  biking and everything to do with trails b-IWZuVd3f0GcbtetwG5WA Well stocked hiking store with an interested I got greeted immediately when I walked into the store! The man helped me with exactly what I needed and exactly what I was looking for. He was very knowledgeable with his product! I really appreciate the great service and how genuine he was when he help me out today! I will be back for sure! Everyone here was pretty helpful and knowledgeable about hiking trails. Would definitely come back here to rent or buy equipment. Thank you so much! I look forward to breaking-in my new Scarpas!" They don't open until 10am though so don't show up too early!"  super friendly super knowledgeable and really love what they do. They have a great amount of options for gear and although they are a little on the pricey side I'd much rather support a local business where you have knowledge sales people who are really passionate about what they do." After looking at rei and champs we stumbled on this place on a hunch to get hiking boots. We were not only surprised by the help but they supplied us with routes and just genuine help.. These guys are great and I'd highly recommend anyone who is serious about hikingor outdoor activities to go here. Cheaper rental rates and overall amazing support.. These guys don't just work here they love the outdoors as well.. You won't regret going here..  thought I was going to get some hiking boots for a Oregon trip and didn't know much about them. After going to Rei and another sporting goods store we found this on a whim and got not only amazing boots which I'm grateful for but got a great place for information and service. They not only explained the boots but offered maps to hike in the area and gave their full attention to us the entire time with no hassles. We also rent a tent from this location which they showed how it worked and answered all of our questions. Very cool place Incredible product selection if camping/hiking/being outside is your thing. Over the moon smart employees who really know their stuff. The team is there to help you  friendly and fun staff. Places like this make me love and want to support small business. If they do not have it Great place to get gear.  40 plus years of rope rescue and spending long periods of time in the mountains. You will be steered to the right gear for the best price.  helpful and beyond patient. Very relaxed vibe when you walk in. Not at all intimidating. I rented hiking poles two weeks ago. The rental price was incredibly affordable. Unfortunately  how heavy a pack do I carry and where did I intend to use the new shoes along with a variety of ther questions. He recommended an OBOZ shoe (which was not one of my options at the time). He even provided me with the sock I was to use. He measured my foot and found I was a size 8.5 instead of 8. After trying them on and changing the lacing to accommodate my heel I loved the shoe and bought it on the spot. He did provide another shoe to try to see if it was better but it was not. I have been hiking in the new shoe and I could not be happier." I wait here to rent a backpack for a weekend hiking trip and they were so helpful. They get you the right size tell you where to pack things and even give tips for whatever hike you were doing. Dano and Jack helped me safe my life. Long story.... next time I need saving again I will so totally find them wherever they are on this planet that's how amazing they are keep up the good work men you turn me into a badass survivalist woman. 