Been there twice so far and have to say Maggie is so sweet and very knowledgeable. She listens to your concerns and gives you advice outside of acupuncture to help with your problem. The office is very clean and easily accessible to anyone who lives in the south hills. I will definitely go back."  debilitating migraines!!! I had tried every OTC med you could think of and vitamin regimen! I figured I would try this since I wasn't seeing a neurologist for several months... After 3 visits seeing Maggie Several months later and I'm still migraine free!" "I highly recommend go to this place if you have any form of chronic illness. Chinese herbs are the best solution to treat them. I had hives for more than 3 months Dr Ge has helped me twice with my health.  Very fast and great results.  Highly recommended!  there is no reason you should have these problems. I will give you needles and herbs and you will get better."" That statement has always become true for me."  since I am a bit of a skeptic. I have another appointment for one week and I can't wait!" I also looked into the herbal medicine side for some other issues and this is very impressive.  I received my first herbal formula It was definitely a very professional and informative visit.  then a girl takes me back to a dark room with ""roller"" machines and ""tens"" units are placed in tight areas for loosening up before my adjustment.  If you are looking for a great deep tissue massage I highly recommend scheduling an appointment with Journey." I'm finally on the road to recovery! My only regret is that I didn't come to see her sooner!!  She genuinely cares about her patients  but it doesn't matter at all. So don't judge.  You'll never go anywhere else.  The receptionist is always lovely to interact with as well."  a couple suggestions are provided by the doctor to support a healthy spine.  The office has chiropractic service as well as acupuncture and therapeutic message services.  Lisa does very well with the therapeutic message but she is hard get an appointment for since I typically drop in on the fly. The upfront administrators are nice and greet you by your first name. They are also open on Saturday with Dr. Frank and he has a more traditional type of technique." Dr Patti and Lana are amazing and truly care about their patients. I've known Dr Patti for 15 years and she remembers everything about you and what works for you. I don't want to even write a review because if she's to busy I won't be able to get in! This place is amazing and u wish there wetter more chiropractor's offices like this  he is awesome. The entire staff is outstanding!" He will not take anything but checks or cash and you can still file your insurance claims but if you don't have it Dr Mc Junkin is the best Chiropractor I've. Ever known. If he can't cure your pain in 1 to 3 sessions then it can't be done!!! He also utilizes accupuncture and other techniques. And he is a super nice man. Prices are so reasonable. He should ask for more! "I have been seeing Dr. McJunkin off and on for years. When exercise and regular massages do not help "The doctor is very experienced and was recommended by my MD for terrible lower back pain I was experiencing. I never went to a chiropractor before.  He did Acupunture for 15 mins and made two quick chiropractic adjustments to my back.  Within one day I was feeling much better "I been a client of Dr. Larsen and staff at Shea Chiropratic for nearly 13 years.  They have done wonders for my back and neck This is not your assembly line come back 10 times a week because I want to milk you  for all your money chiro. Dr. Larson listens and adjusts accordingly Dr Larson at Shea Chiropractic can really get you straightened out with a minimal amount of visits. I was referred to Shea Chiro over 5 years ago by an associate. I am so glad to have such a great place in our neighborhood. I know people that drive all the way from Goodyear to use there services. "I can't speak highly enough of the personal care you receive from Dr. Larson. He always greets you with a smile and takes the time to hear your concerns. I've had a few sports related injuries that my trainers struggled with fixing that Dr. Larson fixed within a few visits with his methods. He is a very active Doctor and I feel that's part of why he really understands the problems we go through as athletes. I drive 40 miles across town to see him  he really knows his stuff. My back pain was better in no time and I've even brought my 10-year-old son there"  I would recommend Dr Larson to anyone with back pain. He really cares about his patients and goes above and beyond to help."  who will explain to you what he is doing Always late!! Have never had an appt that I did not wait for over an hour. They have wasted my time for the last time.  you will have to call multiple times to get that done.  The staff is rude and inattentive." I've been a patient for over ten years and I started out with Dr Drury and liked him a lot but because of my diabetes is started seeing Dr Kelly and I like him! He got my A1C from a high 13 to 7.1! I also really like Mary tann and tammy O'Reilly I would recommend them to anyone with special issues and there is a wait but that seems to be a problem with most dr offices!  So cut them a break only one dr there i refuse to see Mario he's awful! 