That should say it all right there....." Was there second time awesome time very beautiful woman great dancing fairly classy girls free drinks an awesome bathroom attendent had a blast only one that I go to cheap dances  because it is probably one of the fanciest strip clubs in Charlotte.  You will have to pay quite a bit of money here to get entertained.  I came here for Amateur night  but I was just so skeeved out by the stickiness that I couldn't appreciate the rest of the environment. Also  upstairs. It was OK. Nothing to get a wet dream over. This is not the best stipclub in Charlotte. Personally The guy was a real champ! It made for an awesome show!"  from sexy stockings to tight pants.  I preferred the stockings.  It gave the place more of an old school gentleman's club feel."  I'm no strip club connoisseur but I've been to a few and when I say a few I mean like 3.  This one would have to fall right in the middle in terms of quality of the girls and the fact that the space inside is a bit too cramped.  I don't want to feel like I'm right on top of another.....dude!  Lol.  So would I come back?  Sure  and lay off the cocaine... I mean really!!!??? Who wants to spend money on a lard a**! So turned off by this club. They have way too good of a location for it to be wasted on ugly trailer park trash! Some chick tried to take me upstairs and charge me 45 dollars per song! She looked like ET with a mop on her head. And this other chick looking like a fat ugly betty tried to charge 25 for a regular table dance. I have no problem with big women either All said don't go here unless you're pretty wasted beforehand or you'll be paying a pretty big markup on those drinks! But if you're hungry don't be shy  so my husband and our friends brought me to see what it's all about.  I actually had a great time and was very impressed by some of the women on stage.  It was like Cirque du Soleil!  I want to learn to walk on the ceiling now.  Women are always free and the ladies were so sweet to me - got a couple cheek kisses *blush*.  I'm not going to be ordering a lap dance anytime soon poor service and no contact dance. ... Other clubs in charlotte are better ... Very disappointed ....."  pricy dances ... I am not recommending this shit to any one..." Worst strip club I've ever been to. Do NOT even think you could use coupons or think the manager will honor anything. Received a complementary free pass and was denied by the manager even though there was no restrictions. Worst service ever "This place is a craphole. My friends and I have gone for a 2 AM breakfast a couple of times (I know that seems weird but it's cheaper than eating at the diner that caters the breakfast!) and the people working there are absolute dicks. The girl at the front door acts like she's the hottest thing since sliced bread. The girls that walk around are bit*hes unless you're throwing wads of money out. I jokingly told one of the girls that my friend wanted a lap dance and within 5 minutes he came back really mad. He said she danced and he handed her $30 and she said ""NO! It's $60!""  That's crazy considering the girls don't even look very good! Maybe I'm biased because I'm not a strip club kind of guy but this place is a bad way to end a good night" FYI: No smoking in any bar or restaurant anywhere in North Carolina. If they have a drink special it has to last all day... no happy hours. Sorry but it's NC law." I noticed some people complaining about free passes not being honored. Always make sure to read the cards. You usually can't use them after a certain time or when special events are happening." THE BEST SHRIMP AND GRITS!!! $10 for the lunch buffet and there's a lot on the menu. A favorite is the shrimp and grits. Some of the best I've ever had. I'm not a regular in the strip club but I got card and I can go back for $5 next time! Who's meeting me for lunch?!!  nice layout and smoking hot girls. One of my biggest strip club pet peeves is ""busted"" girls and girls who don't even try to dance. You could tell that these girls clearly have to go through some kind of audition process to work there because all of the girls looked great and were talented dancers. My fiance and I went on Valentines Day with friends who are married. The four of us has a great time and definitely enjoyed the show we were given. Unlike many clubs I've been to  dress shoes when I go to a club .  Girls are attractive .  But avoid upstairs or prepare to open the floodgates of your wallet .  We'll be back for sure but guys and gals put some effort into dressing up for an evening out."  you could get those upstairs quality $30 dances for $10 downstairs from the way more ambitious girls they had back then. I was very disappointed last night. I came with a bunch of money This is almost always the last stop I go to after a night out on the town on a Saturday night! 2 am breakfast buffet is ideal after a night of bar hopping. I get a pretty awesome breakfast and a show. Last weekend I even got the pleasure of seeing a stripper fight. Those girls are wild! Worst place ever!!!  Went upstairs for a bottle then got my credit card run-up 3x the amount and my debit card run-up.  Avoid this place at all costs!!!  Bunch of thieves!!!!! Do yourself a favor and either throw yourself in front of oncoming traffic because you'll pay less at a hospital. I can go on and on but it looks like Action 9 and the District Attorney's office want to look seriously into this matter . This place is a skid mark on Charlotte's underwear. Well  and closes at 3 AM. It is always overcrowded with cheapos who go there for cheap breakfast. Also I went their on a friday night. It was a decent croud. After 10:45 all the drunks started pouring in lol i loved it. Me and two buddies went. It was a blast. Pearls really tried to rape me and i loved it. Going back again. Girls are down to earth and get their job done.  the girl at the front door is super sweet! She's only going to be a bitch if you're acting a fool... which I've seen and it's not pretty."  lots of drug-addict looking chicks and post baby bodies. Men's Club is way better. Definitely quantity over quality at Uptown As long as you want to have fun "I'd go here just for the Cheeseburger. Staff is friendly. Not a bunch of crackheads running around like some of the other clubs in Charlotte. Tons of girls. I think I counted like 50 of them!! Anyways Front door girls are bitches but the atmosphere is amazing!!! Great place to have a good time!!  I found myself rather disappointed. The girls have gone from beautiful and personable to average attractiveness and sometimes rude."  the woman at the counter once inside was consumed in conversation with another worker so we had to wait a few minutes for her to once again check ids to only tell us there was no cover. So from reading reviews I though the dress code for the men would've been strictly enforced but I still saw men with jeans This spot is well worth your time money well spent plenty of beautiful women better than some LA clubs  they require you to wear an embarrassing bright pink shirt and there is a thirty dollar cover.  Don't go blowing your money on girls There was a dancer I met here a couple of months ago who blew my mind with her private dance.  Unfortunately she has left the club from what I understand but I would have proposed to that girl in a second.  LOL." I've been to a few strip clubs and this one is ugh... okay I guess. The girls are really friendly though but are average looking and average dancers. One of the girls played pool with me for an hour or two and talked lol. It is cheap though which is always a plus. I believe $25 for a private dance and $10 for a table dance. My friend and I went there to watch the Heighsman and my friends dude won (Jameis Winston) and he celebrated by getting us a private dance lol. I'd say if you wanna have a fun night bring $55 a person. Also its free before 9 p.m. to get in I think! A very ratchet place with a very ratchet staff. After charging me 1$ for a cup a water it ruined my night but for the most part it's a good club This was my first time in a strip joint. Not the best place. The girls here are pretty average to low average. The two dancers I did see where not all that great looking. The bartenders appeared to be better looking then the two dancers. I'd rather get a lap dance from the bartenders. I've never been a big drinker; over priced beer and soda. Loud as hell and had a hard time hearing and talking to my friend and the wait staff. After about 10-20 minutes we left. The lady's I see on the street that went clubbing are way better and livelier then the boring staff here. This place really isn't worth the time or money. Just go out clubbing to see more and get more.  where the hell did they come from? He came in through the front door. The regulars and bartender acted like it was a normal thing for a dude to walk in off the street selling seafood in a dark Ghetto fabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!"  Eric & Jason summed this place up pretty well. I dont think I'd ever get a dance here. It was Friday about 10pm-ish we were there about an hour I did not see one attractive girl come out. In fact this was the worst line up I have ever seen...EVAR!! I wont nit pick about the girls I saw but I will not be returning either. Ladies if your feeling down about a little weight gain go here.....hell who am I kidding even i it's a lot of weight gain  but that's a small detail. Just hover and you'll be fine! I guess you could say I'm a fan of the dive bar and we were treated very well there. Is it a fancy Scottsdale strip club? Nope. It's your friendly neighborhood strip club to grab a beer Really what more do I need to say?"  and the overall grossness of this place earn it a one star. It would be negative one if it were an option. Hi LIter  while thin straps and patches of material covered her naughty bits.  A. Hooded.  Bikini.  If she were gonna take your money "I popped in one night with a date to have a drink and check the place out and was majorly underwhelmed...high drink prices ($5.00 for a coke) and the ""talent"" left a lot top be desired. Save the time and trouble and go elsewhere." good times to be had for all..."  but one never knows what a late visit this week may find..."  but they aren't accustomed to taking shit from anybody. Especially you. :)" The thing I like about BandAids is that they always have a variety. The girls range from nasty to 10's most every time I have gone there. The bathroom  could be nicer but overall the place is not too much of a dive.  and a bigger main stage. This place could be a set for a movie scene requiring a ghetto strip club.  Dont get me wrong I've never had a bad time here.  Never."  many out of shape dancers with to many stretch marks.  Blonde bartender cutest of bunch to bad she didn't dance." this place sucks worst place in town 5 stars!! Its a small club but still one of the most affordable in town. Women here are pretty hot unlike some of the other small clubs. Money well spent LOVE THIS PLACE... Diamond in the rough thats for sure.... small place but dancers aim to please. Wont be going to Jaguars anymore after going to this place! Best strip club I've been too in az. Everyone here is super friendly and want to make you feel welcome. This place has the hottest girls. Thank you for making my birthday enjoyable  but not a top quality one with politicians.  Small seating areas but worth it.  The women are great The best part was the signs in the bathroom heavily dissuading prostitution;there were MULTIPLE signs. Usually when you have multiple signs about one topicit is because that particular topic is an ongoing issue. Just saying." wnOQw4nazfglLxwLogTlng  the few times that I have been here I have been bombarded by dancers.  I know that some might not think this is a bad thing I officially nominate this as the best place in town to get your face covered in stripper glitter so you can go home and get busted by your girlfriend or wife." Cheap food and great entertainment Huge thanks to all the cool people over at the Hi-Liter for an awesome time during my best friends bachelor party!!! We had a large group and the staff at the Hi-Liter treated us right from start to finish!  just like any other strip club.  When there's another night out with the guys...I'll make sure to bring this place up again."  because she will leave and call you names as your front door slams behind her. Or so my buddy tells me. Such trifling arrows of human amusement are not found in this man's quiver of irresponsible behavior." Great place. I took my work colleague there and she had a great time. The dancer was all over her and left her virtually touched everywhere. She was hot and so was I. Will definitely be back there soon. http://www.hiliterclubaz.com/coupon.php"  boobs in your face and prob walk out with a load in your shorts.. maybe even a hand up your shorts if you sit on the end against the wall and your a perv an wear super short shorts!Yep  I've been here once or twice.  Not on par with Canadian clubs but much better than the other clubs in the valley."  but you'll never have as much fun as you do here." DON'T EAT THERE.... The cook is dirty... don't get me wrong the food is great... But don't eat if Chef Rudy is cooking he's dirty he does dirty nasty to the food.."  then you can save that 10 bucks for a groping and pretty X rated lap dance!"  didn't try the private VIP but it looked worth it." Me: Whaat?? What did I say? - Wait - come back - I'll throw in a few extra singles for formula." "I haven't been to the Hi-liter in years but have fond memories of this fine establishment.  A couple of years ago I was kicked in the head by a dancer who was giving a dance to Mike Tyson...  twice!  There was no blood so I let it slide...  I mean  they have a couple of big girls to my delight. The one complaint is the girls could have paid more attention to the customers." The food is actually pretty damn good.  bouncers aren't power tripping. Everything a strip club should be. Only gripe is that I wish the back room was bigger and more private" wnOQw4nazfglLxwLogTlng The cocktail/food service was the worst service in all of Phoenix. If management knew how much money that was not spent because of this lousy service In Phoenix again I searched on yelp and saw someone shared a coupon and saved me $30? That's what one chick said was the normal entrance price. 20 females and only 2 caught my eye and one of them did come up to me. I got a water and cost me $4 they do sell beer but she didn't know the prices. She was from San Diego a Cali girl my luck :) she told me a lap dance at table in front of everyone is $10. I said no I want VIP status and she said $25 for each song I said let's do this lol. She looks gorgeous to me and worth my money to find out what's up in the VIP. And before we went there she was cool talking to me for like 30 mins. So how was the dance in the VIP? Let's just say I left with blue balls haha. 3 stars is for the females prices and location. 5 stars for her and her name was Joscelyn. Attractive women very enthusiastic and professional will be back.  Only down side some of the hostesses smelled of tobacco but that maybe due to being up close and personal with audience. Thanks girls I would not consider this a gentlemen club. It's very small only one stage and the girls are unattractive and most were severely overweight. The only positive note was they have an extremely friendly bouncer. I was never here. This review does not exist. "I missed the Lobster and Steak Day. It moved from Monday MNF to Thursdays. Its Kinda a cool spot to watch MNF. Staff are nice. Food honestly is really good. The Dj Wouldn't play Digital Undergrounds ""Freaks Of the Industry "If you dig strippers that try and blackmail you to pay for two lap dances when you only had one "IF I COULD GIVE THIS PLACE ZERO STARS I WOULD!!!!!!! Never agian. Service was bad. Waitress brought me a dirty glass and got really defensive when I asked for another glass. Instead of pouring a new glass she pour the drink from the dirty glass into a new glass. When I she brought it back she basically said we would never give anyone a dirty glass. She said she might have had some lemon or lime on her hand. Wow so I guess I was supposed to drink whatever dirt that fell off her hand and into my drink. I explained I didn't want that drink. She went back to the bar and got a fresh cup and drink. She comes back and says the last drinks I gave you were over poured by mistake and I don't want you to think I under poured you this time. I said I good I just wanted my drink in a clean glass. We pay her and tip her. Mind you this is our 2nd round. The waitress walks off and I take a sip of my drink. And it's some kind of harsh house vodka. I stop the waitress and told her that this wasn't grey goose vodka.  I told i didn't want anything and handed her the drink. She offered to bring her manager over. I watched her talk to her manager then return to the bar. She came back to our table and handed me a drink and said my manager said to replace the drink and if there was any ""other"" issues to speak to him. I told her that she offered to bring him over and i wanted to speak to him. She raises her voice at us and says why are you guys giving me a hard time I'm just trying to do my job. So before I raise my hand and slap the shit out this rude ass waitress i get up and walk out. My husband is still in there. Next thing i know he is being kicked out this piece of shit because he said this bitch is hella rude. Now the waitress tells the bouncer that she fears for her safety.  The bouncer offers us free passes to come back to a place we never paid to get into in the first place. And he said fuck the drinks you just bought you have to go. THE WORST PART IS THE ""MANAGER"" NEVER MADE AN APPEARANCE. i will never go back there again."  and about 50% of the girls have a gut. The select few that were actually good looking were worth the stay. The place is very small and if actual skilled pole dancers tried to go there they wouldn't have the space nor height to be able to do any tricks. Also I just visited this place to have a drink with my boyfriend and it was horrible! I would give it 0 stars if I could. We sat ignored for over 30 min and had to flag down a very very rude waitress. Took another 30 min to get drinks. Girls were ok and that's being very nice. I would never go back and spend money here Went here The door Girl a blonde Mexican very attractive!She was great.the girls were OK but I enjoyed talking to her Cynthia was great!  and the best looking girls in the club were a bartender and waitress. (Both Latinas  she is impossible to catch.  Usually the rich old guys hang on to her for dear life.  Bouncers walk around like they are Mr. Olympia bodybuilders.  They constantly give you that ""I wanna fight"" look.  They may be big but I know underneath their monkey suits they look like sh*t.  This place is just a disaster Another small Phoenix strip club that was on the top ten list the past couple of years. We aren't really sure why though. It wasn't a horrible club by any means; we've seen a lot worse.We went on a Friday night after we left a different club and it was definitely one of the busier clubs that we have visited here in Phoenix. The door girl apparently did not want to be there that night because she literally told us the price  just say you're waiting for a different waitress. The place is pretty run down and the clientele is low class but the dancers are top-notch and fun. Wish the waitresses and bartenders were more attentive and fun but they're all pretty dull and the door girls can't count out ones correctly for the life of them. The drinks are super weak and overpriced  I'll def be back.    A little packed on the weekends but well worth it"  so girls can't climb the pole very much.  No shortage of girls asking to lap dance.  Looks like shift change is around 8 as new girls circulated in at that time.  All colors and figures (except for fat fatties) were present.  Got a lapdance from ""Riley"".  Make sure to pay them first because you won't pay attention to the song changing but her mind is running like a taxi cab By far the best club I've found in the valley and Raven is by far my favorite girl .  It's a little packed but we'll worth going Have fun other weary travelers!" Highlights include a pair of Parisian identical blonde twins and a Brazilian angel who looked like she belonged on the cover of Vogue." Bourbon Street blows the doors off pretty much every club in town and even ones in Vegas. If you have the urge for flesh or out of town guests and just want a mellow time with some beautiful girls putting boobs in your face  i was there on a thurs nite so the girls outnumbered the customers and they were all hot. there was also amazing diversity as the girls come in all shapes sizes and ethnicities. the best thing is this is the friendliest place i've been to so far If I'm gonna go to a titty bar I at least want that stripper perfume sent on me next time!  I going to check out Band-Aids next time" "60% of the dancers are great looking but th eproblem is they discriminate and the dancers seem to choose the guys they want to dance to. I saw neary 7 girls but the really hot ones never came to me. They would look at me and then pass on to the next table. They even spent time sitting idle or sitting in some one else's table rather than asking me.So i request the management to speak to these girls and ask them not to discriminate. Since everyone pays the cover charge Great safe and cool place. Every kind of dancer you can imagine... During our stay for Spring Training 2010 this was the best place place in Phoenix area!! Hands down. This was after frequenting 6 strip clubs that week. I will go there again . Why not 5 stars? Because I wouldn't call most of the girls friendly or fun to talk to. They are mostly 'vets' that mostly just ask for a dance (money) and move on."  and they have three states with the girls rotate through. You're seeing someone new about every 3-5 minutes. On the weekends you have to stay for at least an hour to see the same person come back on."  falling over chairs trying to walk thru.  I'll be back." More 10's than any other club I remember visiting.  I'll be taking my gf there sometime soon :)  Yay! Went with another couple and you would of thought we had a disease or something.  Just wasn't couple friendly at all.  Drinks were not worth what you paid for them $20 for a beer and mixed drink in a SMALL glass.  I guess you get what you pay for. We paid $10 a person for the privilege of being snubbed.  Dancers if you want to earn money act like you want to be there and see everyone not just those you think you will make more money. I've been to better strip clubs and will make sure to take my business there. Nice place with decent girls but they not very hands on.  Throwing money out on stage was just a waste.  Was not even offered lap dances.  My wife and friend were treated the same.  Also $10 cover for a topless bar is kinda high.  i did) (also note: no cover in the afternoon) but apparently every strip club from scottsdale to phoenix has covers because I went to 2 other strip clubs before this one... so it was a pricey night for me anyway. Ladies bathroom is through the changing rooms for the strippers so......... so yea The best thing for a FEMALE client is the ladies' room is IN THE STRIPPERS' LOCKER ROOM. So you get to see a lot of T&A on the way. For a people watcher like me  the chairs are cushy and oversized. The stage has cool lighting and there are many corners to get lost in. I thought the food was good  others are lackluster but they are all enthusiastic. I did appreciate that a majority of the girls I saw dance did not have fake cleavage. We stayed until last call [Exhibit A: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkwD5rQ-_d4]" Sorry Bourbon Street... But I will probably never the visit you again in my life We went on a Tue night after a wind storm. Club was full of attractive enhanced women of high spirits and great attitudes. "My fiance and our friends always have a great time here. Girls are nice At some point my wallet fell i out of my pocket and the management returned it to me cashless. I kind of expected it aToxIssFRGDGsTV4yJ9qbg  gorgeous girls and even happier to have some good conversation.  Definitely the classiest strip club in phoenix I have found." BONUS FOR GIRLS: The ladies' rest room is INSIDE the dancer's locker room.  So I can't lie..I always have fun here..I go early and during the day...I'm strip club master..gotta know how to work the club and stretch you're money...go to the back only 20 bucks...trust me I ENJOYED myself hehe  i am fromTexas where a lapdance IS a lapdance! phx aToxIssFRGDGsTV4yJ9qbg  the average couples tend to bring and spend more money than the average single males.But we digress..Bourbon Street Circus is a top less bar not far from downtown Phoenix located on Thomas St. just east of the 51. So it is very easy to get to. We went on a Saturday and it was a $10 cover per person. This cover includes free popcorn which we did not partake in because we foolishly did not want our hands to be buttery and greasy in case a dancer actually did approach us.There are three stages and the dancers dance to one brief (maybe 3 min) song per stage and they rotate from the main stage in the middle  stay for the attendant-free washrooms. And the chicks are nice..."  lots of fake boobs and many girls can't actually work the pole very well but my husband and i went and many of the woman were very open to lap dances for me and him!!! I was the only female that didnt work there but i will definitely be back! Drinks alittle pricey!"  but I found the pizza heaven we all dream of. The atmosphere is  neo modern but the staff is friendly and well organized. The pizza I ordered must have been made with fresh ingredients and came to my table hot. The wait time was minimal. The crust was spongy and flaky at the same time yet didn't over power the sauce. The sauce was robustly tomatoes and spices but blended perfectly with cheese and pepperoni. The only  negative was a few of the staff had wardrobe issues. I tried not to look but it was very evident that the clothes management provided had fit issues. I felt so bad for my waitress "Way to dark. I tripped over every chair! The girls all are fake boobs and no natural girls there!! Not a single one. I felt like I was at a circus!!! And the woman's room is in the girls dressing room Maybe I'm too harsh on the whole 'tradition' thing. Let's make this Anti-Valentine's Day of Debauchery a regular occurrence."  they should show you their boobs. Maybe they do and we just didn't stay long enough to see it  I'm sending out a big ""Shame on you!"" to the management at Bombshells! We rented a party bus for my best friends bachelor party and were told Bombshells was one of the clubs on the V.I.P. list. I called the club to alert of our arrival time to make sure we could get in. The person I spoke to was quite rude over the phone  AND A SHITLOAD OF BOOBS :) FREE PORN TOO WITH TITLES LIKE WIDE GAPING BUTTHOLES HOW CAN YOU RESIST?!?! HAHA." We walked in once at about 1am... only an hour left before they closed.  They wanted to charge us the full cover. Eff that!!  So our buddy showed up who's a regular and we got in for free. haha  Good to be with the ""in"" crowd here."  far edge of town when you finally hit the Candy Store.  And now?  It's right down the street from a High School.  It keeps going on for miles and miles.  Sprawl and the strip club..."  friendly staff and doormen. My #1 choice to go to when a gal pal begs me to take her to a strip club. My only complaint is that each dancer only gets one song onstage at a time." What a joke this is a strip club? It's close to the worst strip club I've ever been to. I'm pretty sure I would have had a better time thrown money at hookers for nothing on Van Buern and driving off and watching them fight over the money. The Great Alaskan Bush Company is the only place I'll try or go to next time I'm in the Phx area! This place is way over crowded and I have no Idea why. awesome drinks and rad girls... i always stop for some rock n' roll at the store when im in phx :) p.s. I saw lots of Red & White ............." Cheap entry fees and $5 lap dances are amazing.  Chill place to hang out. Been with my girlfriend and she loves it and has always had a great time.  when we called back on Monday afternoon I was shocked to find it was safe and sound!!! Good job Candy Store!" A disappointment on every level." Go get your jelly watch on!!!" I've always had a good time here and recommend this place above all others of it's type in the valley. Female-Friendly dancers are hard to find....well Now...I do know about their great Turkey and Top Sirloin Burgers. We often hit this place up for their great specials on Saturdays afternoons. Perfect spot to watch footballs games on the weekends. So overall e6i8v7VkD8yJk02PH4d9VA  so no cover.  Then one of the hotties played about 10 games of pool against me and the boys.  She also happened to be the best dancer we saw all night.  On top of that Not bad. Maybe I shouldn't have gotten here so early the talent wasn't as good as it usually is. This place is conveniently located in north Phoenix. There is a small cover at the door. Drink prices are not to bad. There are two different stages. If strip clubs are your thing  this place was far too small for me and the layout could have been better. You're pretty packed together and the TVs/bar is on the opposite side of the main stage. Other than that it's a great spot for a small group (2-4 people) A few dancers did an excellent job with pole dancing and tricks but the music wasn't really good (not that we needed to hear rap or hip hop) mostly old rock music and no name house music. I would not recommend."  which beats most strip clubs anywhere else. It is a rather small place with two stages. Overall a great atmosphere!" "That might be the last time I use the YELP search to try and satisfy my sweet tooth... No ring pops or bottle caps here folks!!! But since I was already there I decided to stop in and much to my surprise there was a solid vending machine next to the restrooms.. The $5 cover seemed a little steep just to peruse the vending machine selection... The young ladies working  the establishment seemed to be enjoying the surroundings.. A dimly lit ambiance in which to enjoy a ""Big Hunk."" Music bumping Love this place. laid back. ask for Kris C. wow... hug tittys. but best of all a great personality  and lounge in a comfortable 80s love seat while watching a parade of 5s and 6s have mild seizures underneath some black lights (while nickelback and staind play in the background)?? No where..that's where!" "When I walked in this place at first glance I was contemplating turning around & going home. It's kind of a dump & needs to be remodeled. Then I realized the girls here are pretty hot & actually nice! I had a seat & had some dances on the floor ($10 dances!) Then Lux came up to me & told me about the VIP room & suggested we try a 30 minute (only $200) so we did. Out of this world! This girl is hot We decided to relocate to center fold because the girls not only look better but do not look to have some sort sort of disease. Along with the Herion attict at the door to question me" "I really like this place because it's comfortable. The outside isn't so pretty and the inside is funky but the atmosphere is great. Small cover after a certain time. $10 no touching floor dances. $20 VIP dances with a $20 one time fee. The girls get charged each time they go to VIP so if you give them a tip they are super appreciated. Stage is fun to watch. Each girl has their own look about them. None two are alike. Some are shy so don't be scared to wave. No one can read your mind here so don't hesitate! Cheap drinks too. If the line is busy at the bar you can go to the door girl for a bottled beer. There a mix of music here! Rock  I found it to be filthy. The girls are ok but the staff is awful. I took a picture of my girlfriend at the club and Was accosted by the bouncer who demanded that I delete the picture despite the fact that there were no employees or dancers in the photo. Low class  Starr is actually the only dancer we remember which is bad considering we take notes while in the club for these reviews." My experience at The Candy Store wasn't bad. The music was pretty good. The crowd overall was quite welcoming. The bartender provided good customer service. The dancer was fantastic. She was quite outgoing and very talented. Enjoyed this club. Keep up the hard work! 