 clean adult store open 24 hours.  They have a gigantic collection of the typical dildos and videos.  They also have ""viewing booths"" and the staff is friendly.  However they don't have a big selection of anything else you may be looking for.  No Kama Sutra products This place would be better -- and I'm sure they would make more money -- if they got rid of the video booths completely and filled the place with a deeper variety of toys and quality smut."  I came home for winter break from my freshman year of college. I met up with some of my friends and we went to RLN out of boredom. (We went to high school only a couple blocks away so we were well aware it existed and was open 24 7). We were shocked to find our Vice Principal (and father of a student we graduated in the same class with) perusing the dirty mags. It was extra Maybe one of these days we'll see what it looks like on the inside... if it's not still closed for inventory."  but I have heard some crazy stories about this particular one. It didn't seem well monitored. I really hate the selection here and the prices are higher than other's. They seemed to have more fetish stuff than Selective though. So I guess there's that. Overall I'd suggest staying away Castle Megastores in general are a poor choice for all things adult.They are extravagantly overpriced for run of the mill products. * I take no responsibility on whether or not you get laid.  I have complete faith that some people can totally wreck their chances very easily." 2) Boyfriend learns a little too late that his girlfrie" I don't know if this specific location is like that... I've been to the one on I-17 and Deer Valley... yeah POBB4VfC5yRIfK7Ou0UnAg  it might be a good place to go and either frequent or just to get the visit out of the way so you know you've seen what they have to offer in comparison." Do people walk into adult stores and ask for help and recommendations?  Ekk.  Everything sold here can be supplied with the same general directions: 1) Insert 2) Turn on 3) enjoy.  No need for creepy chit-chat.  Just let me pay for my items and skeddadle." Why does Phoenix not have better sex toy stores??"  I cannot believe that as a salesperson he be that flat out insulting to me. I will NEVER return to Castle on Camelback because of the employees' treatment to it's customers. The one at I-17 and the 101 is worth the drive." + Could have done a better job keeping their popular products stocked."  this location has gone downhill over the years. Staff seems a bit apathetic. Not a lot of variety of merchandise compared to their location in north Phoenix off of I-17 or any Fascinations location in town."  lube and toys. Oh the toys...It's a great place to get a quick gift for a fellow sistah. The greeting cards are fantastic. Lots of undies and swimwear (WAY overpriced!). And hordes of really bad clothing. Think tight mesh shirts with really bad pleather pants. What is this Fire Island 1979? All in all I like to support this type of store. Plus there's always the sleazy element of cruising. The tshirts are fun. Staff is helpful and friendly. They're always playing thumping  with lots of emphasis on alcoholism and dysfunctional families. Perfect for me and mine." 4sIK_74UwkKU9YQXIfgCdg 