 but once you are inside everything changes. This FBO is staffed by very friendly counter and ramp people and it is surprisingly nice inside. Two bathrooms with full showers and a couple of quite areas for the weary pilot or passenger are but a few of the nice touches here. Crew cars and cheap fuel make this the airport of choice when flying into Pittsburgh."  but the facilities are modern inside and they are doing some construction expanding  though crew lounge should be larger as it's currently full." Edit_  Ok people I mean if your flight is delayed and you are stuck in a airport f course you will be pissed.  But I mean that happens about half the time you fly anywhere.  If you are seriously saying this ariport deserves one or two stars you obviously haven't had the lovely opportunity of visiting the Raleigh  checked in or used the baggage claim  I'm renting a car and hanging in Charlotte."  I don't mind a down home southern feel to things and I feel as if this airport provides that. Giant rocking chairs line the main food court between terminals and an abundance of food choices makes picking a restaurant hassle free. My only complaint is that it is a US Airways hub and every US flight that I've been on in the past month has either been canceled or delayed without reason. I may be moving to Charlotte next year  I swear the employees were on some kind of slow motion drugs.  We were about to miss our flight- in fact someone had to call the gate to ask them to wait for us.  When we saw the mile long line for security I've only been here for connections to other flights but I adore this airport.  It's one of the most organized airports I have ever been to.  There's a bunch of places to eat and shop while you're waiting for your connection.  I've also heard that recently they added free wi-fi and you can't beat that if you have your laptop with you and you're stuck in an airport for a few hours.  if you have to be stuck at an airport 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg Couldnt tell you a thing about this airport except that right next to our gate for our connecting flight there was a gelato place that had some pretty great flavours.  I made the mistake of getting the coffee flavour which meant that I couldnt get to sleep until about 2am the next morning.  Oh but it was worth it. """Rocking chairs and free wireless.""  Borrowing from David S. B. [hey it is a great opening.]  Those two things do set this airport apart from others.  The rocking chairs make me think of my grandparent's house at the lake.  They also create an appearance of things are slower here White rockers and wi-fi are nice One star for free WiFi." I'd come back through Charlotte again just to sit in the rocking chairs for a minute."  clean and good choices on places to eat. the free high speed internet is very fast. like the other reviewer said you have to try Phillips seafood in terminal C..excellent service and food there is off the hook. only here for a quick layover so I will write a review about Phillips later."  REALLY love their Nascar here. If you're into that (then you probably aren't reading this) you got your Nascar shop and your Nascar restaurant and bar! Woo doggy!"  I gave an extra star for free wifi."  with plenty of (boring) food options.  I would have loved a big Southern breakfast  with a wide selection of dining and shopping options. We killed an hour at the wine bar "I officially curse this airport.  The only thing that keeps me going in the south is Bojangles Chicken n' Biscuits.  My wife's favorite is Carolina style BBQ.  So upon deplanning we check a map to see what fine eating establishments are offered at this airport.  Sadly  we see no Bojangles or BBQ so we settle on nachos  if only my flight leaves soon The rocking chairs make this airport extremely unique!" Some other airports need to come study this airport's success and learn a thing or 20."  for making a layover bearable. You just need more airlines. But you're definitely a world-class airport." I just wanted some sleep  and they're not terribly clean.  This contrast with the rest of the airport was pretty noticeable and disappointing." All in all not a bad airport..it's decently sized and pretty easy to navigate!" I've had nothing but positive experiences in dealing with the people at Douglas." So Charlotte Douglas won't impress you with shops  it was standing open! Nobody was there! It was a Thanksgiving miracle! I drove on out and went home with three dollars still in my wallet!"  because it is a stressful job.  Dealing with delays and angry people can take a toll on a person.  No one has given me that feeling here.  They could have a better selection of restaurants 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  I rate the airport high because it is much nicer than a lot of airports I've been to Get a flight routed through Charlotte - you'll enjoy it!"  clean and wonderful if there is such a thing!!  I highly recommend that if you have to have a layover  it's an ok transfer point. Pack a lunch and sit a spell in the rocking chairs until your next flight." The rocking chairs are a nice touch as well if you want to grab some Southern culture during a layover." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg This is a very clean airport and loaded with places to eat and drink.  Plus the wireless internet was great as well No problem.  Enjoy the oversized rocking chairs while partaking in a southern style breakfast of bacon I know this airport every well as I fly out from here everywhere and it has been seven years now."  like the new Detroit airport (they sell I-Pods from vending machines!)  I was not the only person who seemed a little less stressed  in this tree lined terminal. Everyone seemed to soak in the great amenities and take advantage of the opportunity of able leg room and overhead space! This airport also offers some great food selections and shops so you can stock up on supplies for the next leg of your trip. If I need another layover The only downfall I've found over the last year is it seems that flight delays are becoming more common.  Or perhaps I've just gotten unlucky.  Oh well - The ATM fees are steep if it's not your bank!" The restaurant lineup is constantly changing for better or worse.  The barbecue in the main atrium is an abomination.  My recommendation is the Bojangles which is on Concourse B.  They are even worse at math than most other Bojangles locations  which is a little weird at first) like every twenty feet.  Very nice place if you have to have a longish layover  then 2 more and that was it for what seemed like forever. Maybe 20 minutes. Then nothing came out for another few minutes. This was maybe the worst part "Had a very pleasant layover here.  En route from CDG to SFO it was so nice to be able to sit in a rocking chair and watch the people go by!  The employees at security and check-in were friendly and genuine.   They also have the standards that most airports are supposed to have (Starbucks...hear that  the employees were all very friendly and kind in a way that seemed genuine. The concourses were clean The airport does not have much character.  I also had a long delay on the runway (though I'm not sure if that was just an unusual circumstance).  I connected here from L.A. to Fort Lauderdale."  littered with comfortable rocking chairs should you ever want to sit a spell.  Shopping's decent if you're into that sort of thing.  It could do with more electrical outlets for the business travelers "Rocking chairs in the airport?? !  An entire row of them!   What an interesting and distinguishing feature.   Also  LaGuardia and Newark. I can get to wherever I need to in the country from Charlotte and it has never been a hassle." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg And don't miss the NASCAR shop!"  which was easy to connect to and seems to offer some solid bandwidth." What more could you want from an airport (that you could realistically end up getting)?"  and an overall modern clean-looking appearance makes my layover more bearable." I really do wish all airports were as lovely...i mean why wouldn't you create a nice structure if you know everyone from all over the world are going to be frequenting it?!?  Common sense to me if you ask."  but why does the restroom have a valet in it taking tips?  This isn't a European nightclub."  a relatively comfortable area (for an airport) with plenty of food options." "I had a layover in Charlotte and was really impressed with this airport! Even though its on the larger side The over flow parking can get crazy Amazing restaurant selections and everywhere 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg Convenient and organized airport! Yay CLT!" Chairs and couches are not very comfortable. But I'll give it 3 stars because the staff around the room are very nice  this is a great airport with a terrific staff and environment! I wish it were not three hours away."  and I can only say this because I have had connecting flights through Charlotte Douglas on my way to Brasil. What makes this airport better than others is that they offer free wifi  this airport is NOT made for those with tight connections.  Its spider layout makes it problematic if you get in at a high B gate and have an E gate departure.  RUN don't walk if you have less than 20 minutes to board your next flight.  You may even want to wear a pair of Depends so you can just soil yourself to save time.  I also think it's awkward having bathroom attendants." "There is a Bojangles here now!  The internet is free!  2 more stars for you Charlotte-Douglas. Your layout is still HORRENDOUS The rocking chairs in the atrium were a nice touch. Since we had 9 hours to kill  I can honestly say that I kinda like this airport. Yay for the QC!"  go there if there are lines.  This is a very inconsistent airport in terms of business.  Sometimes the lines are backed up like no other.  And other times you can get through security in 3 minutes.  Inside they have a lot of moving walkways and nice restaurants to eat in whether it's the food court or various restaurants throughout the restaurant.  The biggest problem though after the weird security layout is the distance between some of the gates.  If you have to go from A to E give yourself a good 10-15 minutes.  It's far." CLT is a great airport (not just because I live here) but it really has everything an airport should have: Free Wifi and a local brewery inside. Cheers! I read there are attendants in the ladies' room - all I got was a janitor making sure I flushed my pee. Um Thanks CLT for being an awesome airport to transit through. Now if only USAIr could improve their service." The US Air passenger service agents are complete jerks.  I can say that as I used to work for US AIr and actually tried to help people." Flights are cheap through here too and worth the trip if you're a couple hours away. I'll definitely be coming back."  you connect here instead of ATL.  Charlotte doesn't get as many random storms One of the negatives though is long-term parking.  I had morning flight and was early by my two hours and I started circling the only supposedly available lot (that was open).   After circling ten minutes and noted all of the vehicles that were parked not only on sides One of the better airports to transfer in from Boston to Daytona Beach. I've generally found that everyone here is friendly. The rocking chairs are a nice place to sit down and rest during a layover. Good selection of food and shopping to keep someone busy for a while. Oh FREE wifi too.  :)"  connecting flights can be a challenge."  Southern people.  The free wifi made me happy  when a flight was canceled back home.  They shuttled me to a nearby hotel -- I forget where -- and covered both my transportation and lodging for the night.  Good work  a lot of your fellow travellers are just passing through CLT and you often overhear phone conversations of people complaining about being stuck in the middle of nowhere."  which is freaking insane! We had an 80 minute lay over and I think we only got to the plane with 20 minutes to spare - they were already boarding. ugh!" It is OK. Its size makes it manageable. I didn't care for their customs immigration recheck process the last time I flew This is the only airport I know that has Rocking Chairs in their lobby!" mid-tier airport...welcome for layover. My major complaint is the bathroom attendants. Is this a club? Can't you just have a hand dryer and leave me alone? I'm not going to tip you a buck bc you handed me a paper towel. Yes The white rocking chairs were different and pleasantly surprising. It's also quite funny to see the people who sit in them--like a gangster-type guy on his laptop free wifi if I remember correctly..."  I can't help but enjoy the simplicity of CLT. Security line? What security line I say. Those of you who travel a lot know what I mean. Frequently you can walk right up the the security person and show the pass and ID. Sometimes there's a line  big bathrooms and a very nice sports bar in the E concourse make this one a winner. A couple of negatives: A carpeted concourse makes rolling your bag an effort  one of the best airports I've been through." No rail system around the airport though" Cons: Sometimes a super long and SLOW  line for security.  I also sometimes resent the fact that the food place closest to the big US Airways terminal (in B I think) is a Bojangles.  Now I enjoy Bojangles as much as the average person  but we did have the opportunity to try Bojangles chicken (late night....flight delayed) - it tasted good at the time!  Like the rocking chairs too--seems other people really enjoy them as there was rarely one open." I love the cool white rocking chairs but they are very popular. Grab one if you can! Also "I like how all the restrooms have attendants Pretty efficient as far as airports go. Usually an hour preflight is good depending on where you're going. I generally fly us airways and have never encountered a problem with anything. Smooth lines for security and I recommend going through the d e checkpoint as it almost always seems to be less congested and quicker than it's counterparts!  Happy flying :) Extra special magnum bonus points?  The rocking chairs.  God I love rocking chairs in an airport.  Especially when they're next to so so many outlets.  They just make people look relaxed  it has a relaxing vibe which is much appreciated :-)" 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg They do have the new body scanners installed (within the last year I think) but now all the controversy has sprung up about the technology.  I kinda get creeped out thinking about what kind of imagine I am putting up on the screen and who is looking at it-but I did it this last trip.  Hopefully it doesn't have adverse health effect because that would be bad - I'd start opting for the ""pat down"" instead."  cheap too. Decent places to eat variety and security checkpoint is breeze comapred to most. Lastly this place has THE BEST USO EVER!!  I have been to many USO's and this place just is so GREAT!! The volunteers make this place feel like home its awesome!!  I had a horrible flight into Charlotte  and I havent had sleep in over 26 hours. I was about dead and crawling into the USO.  The Genleman graciously took me to this Dark Library room they have with a nice big couch and lazyboys CDI gets two thumbs up from this guy. Just move the continental gate closer please!!!!" "can't say much about this one. Flown in here twice for connections and didn't have time to really explore. I sorta found this place to be like atlanta  lounge and board planes. The place has ALMOST everything I need! The only thing I hate about the airport (and most airports) is that the wifi isn't free. So pick up a magazine prior to arriving because you'll need it to keep occupied. Unless you're a people watcher The lines are usually long in the security area because they only have like 3 security lines in the first place (which by the way is dumb) and it seems like no matter when you go this airport is always super busy; which i don't understand being that its small. They do have good food here but its no cheaper than any other airport Bummed that I missed the rocking chairs again - I'll have to be more observant next visit!" Comfortable airport even with security measures changing every 13 seconds.  There seems to be lots of different places to eat while your waiting for your next flight which is always a good thing.  Free WiFi is a plus.  But still when it comes down to it...it's just an airport.  Overpriced and everyone's IQ (mine included) seems to drop by about 20 points.  Ohhh!!!  $30 headphones that are sure to break and a $7 bag of chips! I have been in to 15 different Airports in the US in the last 12 months." The airport is beautiful on the inside.  Things were clean and tidy.  We had a delay leaving Free wifi always makes my day too. :)"  last gate. The Airport offers free Wifi."  while another one at the other end of the terminal has it for 7.99... So do your shopping carefully."  and airport spa. Plenty of outlets for charging and connected terminals behind security checkpoints. I'd choose Charlotte over ATL or GSO any day if I had a choice  particularly in North Carolina. I find it always to be easy to fly out of Charlotte. I have always been in and out with plenty of parking at a fair rate ( even though it keeps going up in the last five years). They have plenty of shops and restaurants and the bathrooms are always clean. They are the only airport I know of that has bathroom attendants in the men's restrooms."  and then cuddle up in one of the rocking chairs and just enjoy yourself before you get on your plane." pFEfjQcGMXD7RVY_bA9uuA Huge! Lots of places to eat while you wait for your next flight. Very clean only downfall is don't get in front of one of the carts inside the airport because they will hit you.  plus a really beautiful atrium with dozens of rocking chairs where you can take a load off and people watch for a while. The business center is great in a pinch  I would have given this airport 2stars." I love the Shuttle Personnel who never want you to wait for a shuttle. Both long term and short term parking shuttles wait at the same spot. If the CLT Parking Attendant sees you waiting 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  but if you are willing to travel during the hours that humans are supposed to be functioning during I do want to make note that if you park in daily.  You need to ride the shuttle to and from the terminal.  The shuttle line was huge so I thought I could just walk to daily.  I wound up in hourly thinking someone stole my car.  The signs in the deck just say east or west not daily vs hourly.  Don't worry after an hour and 2 calls to the airport police the nice folks helped me load my bags on the shuttle I should have taken an hour ago.  Lesson learned on patience." "NIce little southern hospitality airport. I like the rockers they have so you can se the goings on outside. The only drawback is that southerners for the most part should watch the southern food there are way too many golf carts going up and down the halls transporting people who don't necessarily need it  provide free toiletries (useful for long international flights). If you ask the counter for a wake up call  but clean and easy to navigate. I'd be happy to have a layover here again." Rocking Chairs are a huge plus :-D" Sucks I have to fly clear across the country just to experience this place."  but overall the folks I have meet here were are friendly and very hospitable. A nice contrast to the abrupt hostility sometimes found in employees of other airports. I'm always happy to see that my flight has a stop over in Charlotte- Douglas because I know I can have fun and will have no trouble killing a few hours here while waiting for another flight. Maybe someday I'll actually get out of the airport and see the city." "U.S. Airways has a major hub here and its very clean and modern I will go back many times (but do I really have a choice?)" This place has the best USO I have ever been to! I find this airport to be one of the best I've been in and they are always trying to make it better."  but everyone appeared helpful and friendly. I will say I was impressed by the ability to appropriately estimate the amount it would take to fix the ""electrical problem"" with our plane. 20 minutes was actually only 15 minutes  roam around a bit and enjoy the shops or just relax in a rocking chair and watch the world go by."  which is convenient for me when I'm flying back to PHX. Then... I can buy items that are over 3oz. to carry on." Charlotte has been my connecting airport several times and I've never missed a flight.  Considering the amount of people standing around as if the rapture is about to happen - it's amazing I've never missed a flight here.  The good news is this airport is clean... and there was an attendant in the bathroom."  or it would be on the news and or shutdown from the lack of business...." The rocking chairs are great to sit and people watch  you need to be here early to ensure you get to your flight on time"  OMG....there are the BEST looking guys in there. Wow...I was thinking about taking a flight to Charlotte just to hang in the airport for a day and then come home." My connecting flight back to San Francisco was at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport which was cool because my walk to the terminal was less than 2 minutes and the airport was really clean. I still prefer Texas connecting flights since flying across from East coast to West isn't fun. I hate sitting on a plane for more than a few hours but as long I reached my destination I'm good and on time. I like you CLT. Yes I do." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg Only complaint was that the gate I landed into and the gate my connecting flight was out of were as far away from each other as possible. Made for a v. sweaty start to my next flight." "This is the first time I have been compelled to review an airport but after reading in a clearly biased US Airways magazine that this airport won a best airport award. I couldn't help myself. This is the worst airport layout ever. Basically P.S. - CLT please add at least one Bojangles in each terminal. Thank you." This is a BIG airport. Love the rocking chairs. Ample amenities and adequate moving walkways.  you better leave at least :30 minutes between them. At least they have people movers to speed things up Connection in 10 min...keys here I come!  and out of the airport and large enough to get decent direct flights to most cities.  Parking is cheap but could use more better restaurant options."  nice looking and lots of different places to eat. I've had 2 short lay overs here and each time I have had to walk through the airport to get to a connecting flight so I was able to see a good portion of it. The large windows really brighten up the terminals which makes me think more places (Phoenix Sky Harbor mainly) should follow suit." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg "I vastly prefer to connect through this airport instead of Atlanta. The staff is much friendlier and the food is better.  There is the Tequileria  I mean US Air - cancels or delays your flight.  Be healthy and have some Jamba Juice and then undo it all at The Chocolate Factory." The only airports I hate more than my hometown airport are Memphis and Kansas City.  Memphis looks like a prison and Kansas City is just really weird.  Good job It seems that people in this airport have two speeds slow and stop! Very frustrating if your on business "Usually the security lines at the ends of the airport have fewer people. Security is slow but the airport does have Bojangles I've been avoiding flights due to the crazy bad for you radiation from the full body scanners. Maybe CLT will improve when I eventually cave and need to fly somewhere- who knows." I love the way it's set up with the main food court in the middle of the walkways to the gates and the rocking chairs are charming.  and the ample amounts of seating and rocking chairs near the outlets are a nice touch."  and they scanned my body :(" Easy to get in and out.  All the shops were closed when my flight arrived at 10:20 PM but so not much to say about that. Given the choice of using CLT as a stopover or PHL PIT?  No brainer.....go CLT!" Overall I was pleased with this airport.  Who knows Looks like the airport could use a bit of modernization.  Free Wi-Fi!"  the food and drinks are expensive but that's just standard airport prices.  My flights out are almost always on time which makes me a happy traveler.  Now just wait for my review of JFK for my return trip.  HA!" The airport it self is great.  This is my home airport and for the past three years I have been flying in out of here.  The draw back with CLT is having to wait and wait for luggage if you checked it and they alwasy seem to be behind schedule with take-offs.  standard overcrowded airport (it's a hub)."  Modern. The thing that why I gave a 4 is that staff looks like frustrated  but using the restroom should not be such an unpleasant experience! I would recommend wearing headphones to throw off the rude attendants. Otherwise enjoy the free wi-fi."  good selection of food available and the staff are friendly. Will definately be on my list of airports to return to.  I can't comment on parking as I was on a transfer.  Only downside is the dutyfree is not well sighposted."  so that's why I'm giving them the fourth star (and I like the lobby area with the rocking chairs." As nice as an airport can get. loved this wine bar. I often stopped in but on my last trip it was not longer there.  Has it closed or moved to another concourse.  so did not have to deal with security and check in counter. What I really do not like in this airport are the employees in the restroom ASKING for tips when they hand you the paper towel to dry your hand. The bathrooms are not particularly clean  I've been annoyed with the bus service to and from the terminals.  Hate it when I see 5 daily parking buses drive by empty when I'm parked in Long Term 2!"  security checkpoint speed...ugh...nothing worse.  And much like all other airports....PLEASE INSTALL MORE OUTLETS!! This is a trend I see in a lot of airports.  One outlet for every 500 yards and people having to sit on the floors just to plug in and take a load off." "no cell phone charging stations....at least by what the employees there told me. they said i could use a wall outlet I travel for business for 11years. I had my share of airports. CLT needs improvements in the drop off and pick up areas. Need to expand the roads.  I wouldn't mind flying back through this airport in the future." Thats enough for at least 4 stars :)"  a convenient airport."  I'm bringing a lawn chair for the immigration lines and a power strip to share outlets with others." Not bad as far as airports go.  It has a decent lay out and good food choices.  I love the rocking chairs.  as they essentially drop you off in a central area. You'll just have to hike a bit more pending where your gate is."  hustling to give you a piece of paper towel from the automatic dispenser and ingratiating himself for tips?  This is not a nightclub The food dining shopping options are plentiful and might actually be of better quality than nearby ATL. However I was at this airport for a few mins as I connected. Would have liked to enjoy my supposedly one hour layover but my previous flight at LAX was delayed for no reason.  but is certainly one which could use some updates to accommodate the traveller of the 21st century -- it's definitely not as modern as JFK (particularly T5) "Airport was clean.  Flight was delayed coming home from vacation and the staff never gave a reason as to why the flight was delayed.  It is what it is Fun airport with tons of different places to eat.  The place was packed and crazy like a zoo both times I came here. People are nice here and the BBQ is horrible.  Some grumpy people and some helpful people. It's entertaining to say the least. Avoid California pizza kitchen though... Not like the restaurant experience you would think.  there's no way to get to a lot of the smaller regional airports The Wright Brother plane replica is nice to see as you walk toward E area. Interesting to note that the plane is higher off the ground then the real Flyer ever got!" As airports go this is a pretty good one. A good selection of restaurants and stores selling odds and ends. CLT is a cool airport. Lots of eats..free internet...I find it easy in and out.. BUT it's busy. Who'd have thought in NC that an airport would be so busy. CLT has a very strict lightening procedures... they have several ground stops in the summer.. bring your laptop and good reading..  our arrival at the gate was delayed and our luggage retrieval was further delayed by 45 minutes due to a lack of ground crew and baggage handlers.  Typical mishaps for a poorly managed airport.  Please do yourself a favor and avoid this airport." Besides all that at least CLT isn't Atlanta or Newark!" An international hub airport with that regional airport feel.  Take from that what you will. I have a V for vendetta against Charlotte and this shithole of an aiport."  since I hate PHL and I haven't been to PHX. Other than that On top of USAirways being a partner with United (my choice airline - I know  but what about service at the other end of the flight? I am still wwwwaaaaiiiittttiiiinnngggg for my bag from flight US 2618 from MEM. Been here 30 minutes and still wwwaaaaiiiiiitttttiiiinnnggg. Can't they find an industrial engineer to do a time study and develop a better plan for moving bags from E concourse to baggage claim? So I am writing this review while wwwaaaiiittttiiiinnnnnggg and have reduced my rating from 2 stars to 1. Can't go to zero so my review is done even if everyone from MEM is still wwwwaaaaaiiiiitttttiiiiinnnnggggg......." Anytime soon? Hell no." Great new food outlets !" When I went it was very crowded so I'm not sure if that was a glitch but it sucked because everyone was using an outlet and I couldn't charge my phone! Overall haha when i was here tryin to fly back to LAX and also back to NJ another time my flight was delayed ...it was pourin out...it sure does rain a lot in NC! "Ick. Wish I had never had to touch down here in the first place and delays dragged it out. Did not understand how the bathroom could have tip jars and Listerine while still having pee covering every other toilet seat. I dig that there was free wifi and I liked the USB Outlet counter Luggage took FOREVER to get.  Must have been standing there for at least 30 minutes.  Doh!  but they were closed and cleaning up at 8:30.  Even the bar was shut down!  Spent my last hour at the gate when I would've preferred to have been spending money on a second drink and a nice dinner." "So many airports could learn a thing or two from Charlotte-Douglas International.  It's well thought out design  anyway) and they have mouthwash and other goodies. Traveling with a small child? There are family restrooms available as well." Yes there are cute rocking chairs but they are usually occupied." beautiful airport- no wall plugs  but they're sure darn slow! only one person checking ID's and tickets. takes forever and a day without that 2nd person. not a whole lot of food choices as well  but my connections through this airport are almost always at opposite ends of the place.  Lots of places to eat and a pleasant sitting area nearby.  It really needs a train or something because even with the moving sidewalks Some issues at security lines in terms of build up but over all the airport is great. Good lounge selection and decent food options. People watching in the rocking chairs is a good way to pass layover time.  but definitely clean and friendly atmosphere. I dropped by here on a business trip and had an easy time navigating my way around. They say that most airports in America are configured the same way (ie. places to sit  I couldn't get an ice cube in my water.   Otherwise  and cool rocking chairs.  The secret to the security is check in on the end @ D+E.   Barely ever a line and when there is it moves faster for some odd reason.  Overall never had a problem here and its one of my favorite ""bigger"" airports." Nice clean airport from what I could see.  We were on a 90 minute lay over on our way home and it was late.  There were still some places open which was nice.  Easy to get around.  Didn't have to worry about security as we were in the same wing.  I even managed to get ice in my was from US Air....not that has anything to do with the airport but I felt the need. Due to the scrutiny of airport security  we live an hour closer to ATL but find it well worth the difference.  Parking and airport acess cheaper and easier  as well as the ""T-Mobile waiting area"" near drop off   pick up. I do hate the mindless circle you have to take coming in & out of there. It's a wonder they don't have many a traffic jam & accidents there."  and shuttles for older people who can not walk the extremely large airport!"  it's an airport.  It's meant to be a place to board and disembark from planes.  And it suits that purpose just fine Hier fliege ich gerne hin  if you have a short connection time.  Your travel from one gate to another can be verrrrry lengthy.  I agree with Nicole S. - not sure why they put US Airways flights in different concourses Electricity for laptops...plenty of restaurants It seems that CLT just keeps building on to itself and is making itself bigger and stretched so far that it is now a chore to have a connecting flight there." "This airport is pretty huge. It has a real nice area by the food that has a bunch of rocking chairs by the windows. The seating areas are a little dated and the chairs are pretty beat. Otherwise  both flight segments were in and out of Concourse D.  So I guess the three stars are for the slice of Freschetta Pizza I bought at their stand." Jamba Juice and free WiFi.  and they have rocking chairs! What more could you ask for? Seriously." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  especially when I have to fy out.   The lines are typically pretty long going into the terminal area - just put on your patience hat and be nice.  I LOVE the rocking chairs  decent place for layovers and flights. I like CLT way better than the larger EWR."  but the eating selection is great.  I would like free Wi-Fi." What else can I say - it's an airport - been to better "worst airport experience EVER...everyone was extremely rude....a lady at the information desk ignored us while talking it up with her boyfriend..but to start....the customs process takes FOREVER. they ask the most inappropriate questions ( how come you and your girlfriend arent married?). rude rude rude...then the whole TSA  experience OMG... lines 250 people deep and you can see other people naked on the x ray screens and they will actually pat your testicles... we only had a hour and a half layover  on the same plane in the same seats with the same luggage ....my girlfriends luggage still hasnt shown up even though they charged us 100$ for the 2 checked bags ( us airways doesnt tell you they charge you 2x for your bags even though its a round trip..who am i to assume the initial 50 in the round trip confirmation wasnt enough or was i to assume that US airways expects you to come home with less luggage then you go on vacation with (gifts??? duh)).....worst experience ever....bathrooms were out of paper "Not a bad airport. However they do have those full naked body scanners that the TSA (tyrannical security administration) uses. OPT OUT!  Remember the FOURTH amendment. It has some decent places to eat... even a ""California Pizza Kitchen"". Overall not a bad airport. Would be 4 stars if it wasn't for the nude body scanners." Overall a fine place to fly in or out. It's clean and has all the standards you'd expect at an airport."  and roomy enough for a good amount of traffic to not feel cramped. And the rocking chairs in the common areas that still have all the modern conveniences for charging the toys makes it feel like home away from home. No wonder everyone was ordering smaller lattes that day - the warmth of this airport already had them feeling cozy :)" Clean and a quick airport to get in and out of!  but don't let those rocking chairs fool you.  It's not a relaxed airport."  BBQ and free wireless. If it were not for the fact I often get layovers here longer than it would take me to drive home I feel like it's a  big airport trying to act like a small airport and not quite making it.  It's alright  and very chill lounge-like area behind the smaller sushi place.  Perfect for vegging out and surfing on the airport's free wifi while waiting for your flight.  Starbucks is everywhere and there is even a pinkberry.  Lots of random affordable shops for browsing - duty free (of course) I also utilized their FREE WIRELESS! I think it should be standard that wireless is free in all airports and it always bothers me when it isn't. It's a fun people watching airport too while sitting in the chairs." Logistics are mostly good too. Signage is easy to read and follow. Tons of moving walkways to help you navigate more quickly. Which you may need to do since the terminals are unfortunately spread out Both food options I tried were awful - there was a sushi bar but it was 9 deep so no chance of a seat there.  Lots of rocking chairs for some reason but the biz folk looked very comfy in them with their puters and kindles." I like the rocking chairs and the view at sunrise at the end of terminal D. 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg Beautiful! Was in US Airways terminal.  Plenty of places open and serving at 10:00 pm (when I had left New Orleans at 6:30pm and there was NOTHING serving except UNO pizzas in food stands and rude people telling me it would be 7 minutes and continued to play on her flip phone from the 80s.) 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg "I usually have to connect here and it's not too bad. It's a bit sprawling but it's clean. I like the rocking chairs and free wifi as well as the live piano player they sometimes have by the sushi bar. Plus It's not the best airport but it's pretty good as far as navigation  and open enough to make your time there easier to enjoy." There is a restroom butler! Really! Is that necessary in an airport? With a tip jar? Or was this the high end VIP lounge? Huge distances between gates. For a connecting airport this is a tight race. Short notice on change of gate notifications.  the running to make our flight).  It's clean and offers enough food and shopping choices to keep you happy Easy to navigate and lots of shops.  LaCoste inside an airport??? Wasn't in the airport for too long. But it was really cute and nice. Less hectic than the usual large airports I've been too. "I've flown several overnight flights on US Airways from San Diego to Norfolk and always stop here.  The first thing I see getting of the plane is Bojangles Bonus Tip Free wireless!"  stores and the amount of glass makes it nice and bright on a sunny day....a very modern and thanks to all the walkways  getting to the airport (or from airport to city) has always been smooth.  The information booth folks are actually helpful; quite a change if you're arriving from Miami or NY JFK.  A very late arriving flight once caused me to miss a connection and on that particular night finding a nearby motel was pretty easy."  any airport with a Jamba Juice is alright with me." If only the other kinks could be worked out..."  plus a Body Shop and some other little boutique stores.  I've only transferred through here so cannot speak of the security and checkin services." Other than that it is just another airport." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg And to think I was there during rush hour." Too many agents to few open lines." Compared to other airports I like CLT!  They have gotten a little slow on getting gate checked bags to us.  Each bathroom has an attendant and is always clean. Another good thing is that there is absolutely NO SMOKING inside the terminals."  as there was really no where to stand or line up without getting in everyone else's  way."  they have charging centers for your electronics which I love.  My cell phone battery just doesn't last as long as it used to.  I also was surprised to see that each bathroom has an attendant with mints and mouthwash and the bathrooms are always clean."  so ive had a few times where I was stuck on layover in this airport and I will say it def wasn't the worst experience. Actually with the numerous food options I wasn't bad off at all! The security line is a little iffy and unorganized but nothing too serious. I went to school in High Point and they only had a 5am and 12 shuttle to CLT which sucked Thank You American Airlines counter for being down I got to check not one but two bags in for free. Staff was pleasant and helped expedite those on our flight so we wouldn't miss it. Is this a Homer-Simpson fever dream? No. It's the Charlotte-Douglas International Airport." My husband and I are plane buffs .Seeing the plane that landed in the Hudson at the air museum is a must." I'm sure that people who have to stop by CLT for a layover shouldn't be sad to be in a nice airport like this."  friendly people and clean bathrooms.  Can't really ask for too much more."  and always under new build of the next big thing. I had many visits here and always pretty happy about the airport itself. The food at the food court could be better though."  but make sure you have a little time to kill if you've got a layover; you'll probably spend it running." Clean. Easy to navigate. As a first time visitor to this airport but a frequent flyer in many others Charlotte Douglas gets 4 stars. One very odd thing...they have bathroom attendants.  Yes.  Really.  In every restroom there is an attendant who hands you paper towels to dry your hands and goes around keeping the bathrooms clean.  They are VERY clean Nice airport with good dining choices. The US Airways Lounge is great too. Gorgeous airport! I was a little dismayed that I had to walk from the B concourse to the D concourse (which is a very far walk) despite the fact that I was connecting on the same airline. Moviefone sponsors FREE wifi so watch the 30 second add and get online for free!"  and decor are modern and clean looking.  It is a busy airport but you don't get the rushed feeling like you do at O'Hare International" It is super easy to get around the airport and while it is a spread out the airport is not to crowded but that could be me since i was there at 8:00 am. If I was to take a transfer fight i would def try to look for a transfer flight over here."  which is a welcome treat everytime I see it.  There's no better way to say bye to North Carolina than with a Cajun Filet Biscuit.  They could use more power outlets  there was a nice central atrium with Adirondack chairs and then dated low-ceilinged hubs with generic seating areas. The central atrium was actually pleasant to spend some time in. As far as food goes "Your Free Wi-Fi is totally useless. Maybe you should spring a couple of bucks and throw it in as a reliable courtesy instead of having AOL sponsor. AOL is about as relevant as Windows 3.1; isn't it neat how you don't have to type those DOS prompts anymore? No  even though it's my hometown. Just because you are transferring on the same airline doesn't mean your connecting flight will be in the same terminal. You also may find yourself making olympic time sprinting to the airport trying to make your connection. However if you do have time to meander  and there is plenty of seating. Bathrooms are clean and there is an attendant on duty. It can get crowded like any other airport  but that smell is just so damn enticing that I just can't resist sometimes!  I guess it's better than the stale breath smell of an airplane Cleanest.  Airport.  Ever.  head over to the airport's web site. Definitely a better connection airport than Atlanta  but I thought that was a nice touch.   There weren't any attendants as Brittany L mentions I was delayed at this airport and I must say I was really happy to see a spa there. I got a 20 minute massage for $30 and it was worth every minute.  not as much hustle and bustle like LAX or Philadelphia has. I think because of us coming through this airport so much "Internet is free but outdated. Slow and hard to get on. They need to ""beef up"" their gear. It will only get worse." A nice quiet airport with plenty of shopping. The womens restroom has a bathroom attendant and is very clean  the only direct flights to London are with USfreakingAirways. For a wannabe INTERNATIONAL HUB that's not too famous." What else could you want?"  which should appease the pickiest of eaters." Nice clean terminals and lots of selections for food & bevvies makes this a great place to wait for your flight. Security is generally pretty easy to get through... no more than 15 minutes on my last 2 flights out of here.  and when I'm there it looks better because of my whippin cool sweat headband I would give them 3 stars except for the parking   shuttle buss situation. That's serious for me because I hate starting out a trip hot and sweaty which is exactly how I got on the over crowded shuttle bus." "Unkomplizierter Flugplatz. Abfertigung luft problemlos und schnell. Diverse Restaurants im Terminal  clean airport. Not that I am a pro on travel or anything but there seems to be plenty of  shops and places to eat inside the security.......unlike other airports." The airport was very easy to walk from one concourse to another.  don't try to be nice to them. They are disgruntled. You would be too if your company took over a million dollars of your pension away while upper management all took bonuses." No problems here mon'" The taxi cab system outside is very disorganized. Please get it together before I travel again.  For some reason I had 2 layovers here in the last week & I really like this airport. Great food options and shopping. Everyone we dealt with from gate agents to security were really nice & helpful. I heard there was free WiFi but I wasn't getting much of a connection. There's not much else to be said from a lay over stand point. I wouldn't mind stopping in again."  and VERY comfortable boarding-gate chairs!  I hope to back to Charlotte-Douglas soon!  Oh "Like long lines and employees who LIE than CLT is the place for you. I was flying US airs and they are just as awful. This place is a joke and I will no longer be flying anywhere what would require using CLT. I had my husband 1 baby 1 4 yr old and my 70 yr old grandmother and they told me to go through the family line for security. I went through and this rude ""renta cop"" said that the line was ONLY for employees  the walk-ways seem a little slim though considering the traffic they get there....but never had a bad experience with a person there "This isn't my home airport so I'm always just flying through but it's definitely one of my favorites. The rocking chairs alone make it memorable but I also love the occasional live music from the grand piano in the central area. Food is meh  da wir dort lediglich zwei Mal umgestiegen sind. Allerdings hat die Einreise ber 2 Std gedauert und der Anschlussflug schien gefhrdet. Hat aber alles problemlos geklappt THIS PLACE HAS MORE RESTAURANTS THAN I COULD COUNT!!! And everyone was so helpful and friendly.  Maybe I should visit Charlotte itself and not just their Airport Very well kept and entertaining airport.... I have flown here before as a connecting airport and have never had any problems... And to top it all off the bars have an excellent beer selection... I will try and make my connecting flights here more often... - walkways are WAYYYYYYYY too narrow for the volume of people walking down each concourse" Not inparticular that I love about it  but loads of renovation right now (April 2012)" One of my favorite Airports to be lay-overed in. Wide selection of restaurants to grab a bite and the lay out is very simple. Clean and spacious airport with lots of food and shopping options. My only complaint is their lack of outlets in the boarding areas. Really? Apparently they're all hanging out in the walkway area with trees and white rocking chairs(across from Burger King food area). http:  www.charlotteobserver.com 2011 11 15 2777229 council-makes-bofa-sole-source.html" This airport is really nice. That is all O_O Free wi-fi is always a plus! Buy long distances between certain terminals for US Airways made it hard to get across. Airports need to work with airlines on getting commuter turboprops closer to the big guys....or make it easier to transport people in dedicated lines. I like this airport. Large but still fairly convenient and they do have a couple of shuttles. Bottom line:  CLT can use some work just with overall efficiency.  TSA Agents could do themselves a favor and not nag the hell out of people in the security lines and focus on those ones that seem to be holding up the line.  Between Charlotte and RDU -- I'll take RDU." Glad to have a very accessible and friendly airport in town. Happy to fly out and even more excited to fly back in! Also I especially like the fact this airport has six Starbucks locations.  If you are flying FROM Charlotte One thing that could be an issue with this airport was how far apart the concourses were. You might need to rush if your layover was short." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  though.  I stopped by the EA store and played NHL 2012 one of the PS3s they had in the store; what a great way to spend time between flights!!  Grabbing lunch at Bad Daddy's and watching some NASCAR on TV helped me feel like I was experiencing North Carolina a bit  which should include a plan of action for training your personnel to deal with the needs of disabled passengers." Looked good as we ran thru it. Clean but busy. They have a many rocking chairs throughout the airport and  moving walk ways to help you navigate from one terminal to the next.  Just about every flight seems to be on-time  it runs smoothly. The traffic flow is great and surprisingly compared to other roads in downtown Charlotte the pavement isn't nearly as riddled here. There are lots of parking options from hourly to long term including business valet. For check in there are at least three security checkpoints to go through and if all are open the ""speed of service"" is commendable." What has your airline and airport done for YOU lately????????"  and has lots of signage to find your way around.  I do like how they have ""Walk"" and ""Stand"" actually painted onto the moving sidewalks The long term parking lots a pretty cheap if you can't arrange a ride and located very close to the airport so the shuttle ride is short. Give yourself 15 extra minutes if you need to park long term."  Charlotte and all who pass through."  some renovations under way." Go to the Body Shop if you are bored (center of the airport). They hooked me up with a lot of lotion samples for my travels!" 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg - Nothing really bad to comment on." If you MUST choose a connecting city in the area  this airport has a pretty good selection of fun things to do while you wait for the next air taxi." If they can afford $multi million for a new concourse then a trip to Lowes is peanuts." "The airport might be a little older but it's in fine condition and has wide and spacious walkways  this is a great place to stop if you've got a bit of time between flights." There are also plenty of options where food is concerned.  My favorite part is that there's a Bojangles inside.  You could feasibly bring Bojangles to another state!  Seriously  but don't like the hub and spoke layout.  If you land in one Terminal and have to get to another quickly Clean and friendly.  Have no complaints except that you tend to always sit on the runway awhile. "I liked this airport more than the others mostly because of the food selection and wifi.  There were so many restaurants to choose from during my layover For some reason I always have to connect between terminal E and terminal A. As a hub it's pretty busy so hoof it to your next gate! "I like this one. Not one of my favorites but it is very clean and TSA is always nice and respectful. My only gripe is the lines at TSA feel like they take forever  the folks here even seemed to be a bit friendlier.  Customs agents smiled and played with babies.  Volunteers standing in corridors handed us free luggage tags.  Airports of the world could take a lesson from Charlotte-Douglas  and Regan they are not plentiful. I also seem to have several delays or cancellations at CLT. The only thing I like about this airport are the many food selections and the California Pizza Kitchen in one of the terminals."  and I was glad when I left it.  I really wish they wouldn't allow children in this (or any) place."  but plenty of food choices and generally not much problem with late flights." Clean and well-lit. Friendly and courteous TSA members 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  there's a guy playing Rihanna on a baby grand.  Of course there is currently an idiot sitting in the middle of the walkway eating frozen yogurt but everyone is too polite here to call them out on it."  courtesy of El Presidente landing in the area for the DNC and delaying all flights in the area."  and the stores are open longer than many places I've been to which is great when your travel plans have you up and out all day and night." I like the layout and the fact that I can get anywhere behind security. Aside from that Huge airport.  Clean and lots of shopping.  VA it seems.  Decent enough but it seems to be starting to show the years these days.  I really have to say I just don't care for the restroom attendants."  sometimes  a pianist serenades travelers on his grand piano as they pass through the food court to an opposing terminal.  The best part---FREE wifi.  In an era when traveling with comfort is going into extinction I appreciate your classiness Charlotte.  You've earned the nickname Queen City at least in my book."  and promp with service and hospitality. Getting from gate and gate is efficient especially when you go from the main ones over to the far end for flying out on the much smaller jets."  you must leave the terminal and walk across the street.....(booo). Smoking is a nasty bad habit anyway."  it was pretty crowded and there was a dearth of outlets"  but the airport itself is nice. The intersection of all the terminals is nice. Restaurants. Rocking chairs. A good palace to sit if you can find a chair. The larger of two US Airways clubs is nearby so you could go there or to the one in the B concourse near gate 3." "An airport on the smaller side. I dropped by here as a stopover on the way back to Norfolk from Atlanta. Cute airport and obviously on its way to becoming a ""big"" one. You'll find all the food you need. It's easy to find your way around and you get free wi fi! Airports get extra points for the wifi =)" My first time in a Southern airport. They are right. Southern charm is alive and well. Very clean and I was able to find a nice restaurant during my layover. I plan to visit North Carolina in the future. Hope it lives up to the charm displayed to me at the airport. It's tough living in Charlotte. If you have to check a bag it usually takes the bag longer to make it from the airplane to baggage claim than it takes to fly it from MEM to CLT - must be the highly efficient union labor...  gotta love small airports.  Easy in and easy out." I've also had a great time with security here - never been a hassle." "Pretty easy getting through the airport to baggage to my shuttle.  Lots of hotel choices nearby and then back again really early in the morning.  Multiple lines for security and any of them will work  AAANNNNNNNDDD the bathrooms all have their own individual attendants that make sure the toilets have been flushed before you step in... it's the little things like this that make landing after a three hour flight more relaxing... I wouldn't hesitate to pick a flight again connecting through Charlotte if I have the time..." My favorite part? It was nice to be in such a large place with so many people and it actually be CLEAN :)" Thanks for allowing me to get back into the Contiguous 48 safely!" Once completed I am sure it will make things move smoother than ever." International arrivals was pretty good too"  hallways are not wide enough though making it extremely trafficy to walk through. There is a good selection of restaurants though!" "I truly wish that this was my home airport - I could hang out for hours here marveling all of the food courts  my bags made it and overall I don't mind calling Charlotte-Douglas my home airport!" Oh here is a secret. Go to security lines at the far left or far right if you are in a hurry. They are usually the shortest." I saw that a genghis grill is opening soon but that isn't enough! Im glad I have loving family members to send me on my way with yummy sammies and snack age Most of the time that I've flown out of here my flights have been on time on both ends." seriously? concierge service and tip jars in the bathrooms? but what happens if no one tips? (shudder) "Very well designed airport. I mean the inside. It's very characterized and it doesn't make you feel like ""okay it's just another airport"" but it's so special and unique that I'll always remember. Im just having a connection here tonight and I hope I'll have more chance to come here. It's big and takes a lot of effort to walk from one terminal to another." "I had a really pleasant experience at this airport! I connected here literally on Christmas Eve and there was a beautiful pianist playing as I wandered around looking for food. Boy did I have a lot of options. I almost wanted to close my eyes and just wander over somewhere as it was really difficult to choose. I was stuffed with food and ended up getting Jamba Juice as well. Ahh! Too many options! The airport was very clean and the staff everywhere were extremely friendly. I had an easy time navigating around as well and I think that this is the best airport I have ever been to. They have a great selection of food  and plenty of different areas to wander aimlessly.  They also have plenty of shops restaurants to visit when your flight is delayed and you are powerless to do anything but keep opening your wallet to the airlines." It's a nice metropolitan airport that has a nice down-home feel to it!"  there's free wifi and various food options. Pleasant staff The airport itself is huge and overall pretty nice. Good selection of restaurants to kill time at as well. One interesting thing about it is that they have a serious recycling and composting initiative. They strangely don't advertise it very well as I found out through a bartender who was explaining it to me." Pretty standard on terms of airports. I've experienced far worse.  they have to really great southern accent. Which really does make it feel more sincere.."  re-entering through security was also well-organized. It honestly is THE best place (and I've been through a lot of airports internationally) I have ever been when re-entering the US of A. Highly suggest making this your international airport (when possible)."  it's an airport.  Get from point A to point B right." "Is there anything this airport doesn't have?  I have changed flights here on several occasions and each time I fight the urge to stop at Cinnabon... That smell is dangerous.  They have several restaurants "**Free Wifi** wins my heart every time. There aren't many charging stations but there are plenty of rocking chairs. I've been here a few times and I always enjoy my short layover here. There are a lot of Starbucks scattered throughout so have no fear I went to get a jamba juice but you can go to get yogert and burgers while your waiting for your flight. They also have a bar TV place where you can just relax One of the best US Airways hub airports. First time there. I must admit that the facility does have its priorities in order. Everything I could see was spotless and well maintained. The place had a wide variety of shops in the concourse for travellers passing by to their next destination. First time flying US Airways was and pleased at the experience. It reminded me of the days back before the United Continental merger. Continental always had consistent friendly service and majority of on-time arrivals. Generous portions of drink beverages and inflight snacks  I generally can fly almost anywhere without connecting.  If I do have to connect wiHoUHcteQdzKRh0ionH_w Always a good airport when you have free Wifi. Nice place. Well designed. Medium Size Airport.  food if you have a long layover."  but the everything outside of the main area only serves to remind me I'm working around US Air.  This airport could be better  the E-D (regional) terminal is ridiculous. You pretty much have to go through a magical door to Wonderland to get there. It seems like the flow of traffic could be much more efficient here....but it was forgotten or something." Letztes Jahr den Rekord in der Immigratio aufgestellt: 15 Minuten und wir waren durch. Okay  but little to no power outlets. Ciao Gourmet Market (Terminal D It's ok... As far as airports go!  I quite enjoy sitting back and watching people sprint barefoot through the airport to get to their connection!!!!  and they were exceptional. US Airways will give your seat away if you don't check in early....and they will bump you without a second thought. All that reflects poorly on Charlotte Douglas The FREE WIFI makes up for everything- the best perk ever!" Lines at TSA PreCheck is short. Love it. So as long as you  give your self a lot of time for your flight you can look around and enjoy this Airport."  great restaurants and good shopping. I love the rocking chairs and plenty of USAir Clubs. If you're a frequent USAirways flyer this airport beats Philly and DC on the East coast."  so don't bother rushing to get your bag.  Bathroom attendants can be a little creepy - but that just might be me.  Rocking chairs are scattered through the terminals.  Lots of charging stations and electrical outlets aren't hidden.  Security checkpoints are pretty slow - Cheap long-term parking"  but overall it has average airport traffic. I don't mind killing time here at all." This place is pretty nice.  Looks relatively new and is pretty clean.  Good spots to eat and shop.  Terminal is easy to navigate.  I would not be upset if I had a layover here in the future.  the usual food and stores. +1 star for the awesome rocking chairs...because EVERYONE should have rocking chairs!!" Restrooms were actually clean.  There are even some higher end boutique-ey stores like Costa etc. w  a nice modern white uniform row storefront along the moving sidewalks." Thank goodness for the free WiFi..." Ehh.. okay I guess i can't rank the full experience but I assume it never get really busy. for check in and security."  it is a US Airways hub.  I cannot not blame Charlotte for that.  You take what you can get  the best part was the free WiFi. Why this isn't a staple in every airport is beyond me I think airports should have a resident MD on staff at the ticket counter to dispense Xanax to make the flying process less stressful. I'd give an airport 5 5 for sure if that ever happens. Hey I have stopped through a couple of times and remember the food being really tasty and  the airport being easy to maneuver." A lot of places to eat in the US Airways terminal. I only had 1 stop here but they have white chairs everywhere which is pretty cool and free wifi. I do like this airport a lot.  I mean it is huge and has a lot of shopping options.  The food choices are great and you will find an SB every few stops to keep you going.  They have the viewing area and rocking chairs if you have a long wait time for connection.  The restrooms are always clean and looked after.  A good airport to connect or travel thru. I like CLT and am happy that my town has an easily accessible chic wine bar. I thought i would land at a crappy run down airport like LaGuardia airport but to my surprise the south is more modern than NYC??? odd. NYC get with it!!!!!!"  I doubt you like flying. It's just something we have to deal with Very nicely decorated though. Sweet rocking chairs." I thought the food courts were nice and spacious."  y'all) and free wi-fi. Doesn't get much better than that during a layover." If you are connecting-great. Beware that parking is a disaster. Be prepared to take your time finding the correct deck. And arrive early!"  and a large selection of food choices...I wish I flew in to Charlotte more often!!" ** Apparently Beyonce and Jay Z did as well. http:  www.reuters.com article 2013 04 09 entertainment-us-usa-cuba-beyonce-idUSBRE93600V20130409" The rocking chairs here are so cool. "I love Charlotte Airport.  It is one of the few airports I look forward to landing at.  A beautiful and open airport that has me strolling through even when I am in danger of missing my flight.  There always seems to be the most beautiful people traveling there as well Not a bad place to have a long layover."  perhaps it'll be even cheaper and easier to catch a flight home.  This airport has been (and maybe still is) one of the most expensive airports to fly in and out of."  and thus have a better feel on how CLT measure up with other airports. So it's not the prettiest (far from being aesthetically pleasing to be honest)  the moving walkways aren't working either.  Places to charge you device?  Nope.  You'd think with the volume of flights CLT has  I do not see a problem with this airport. Smaller airport means Flights are usually run on time for the most part.  The only thing that really slows this place down is ice snow.  Otherwise Very easy to navigate and clean. It has a laid-back feel with the rocking chairs. Be sure to check the reviews on Yelp before forking over your 1st unborn child at the restaurants. PLUS - I normally have little issue getting connected for FREE!" "They are in the middle of revamping the parking near the terminals.  Easy peasy airport.  The food options are lacking  especially since it was Mother's Day! We made it on time with 5 minutes to spare. I guess it was my good deed for the day?  But the experience for us all made good conversation for the flight back to SFO  traffic moved along quite smoothly. Everything was labeled. Lots of little shops to browse through and mini bookstores and magazine stalls to kill time. Friendly service."  I feel like I'm at some kind of mall or something. It's by far the nicest and newest looking airport I've been to. Didn't mind being stuck in this nice airport for an hour or so. Got a little treat at Pinkberry and walked around. There are plenty of shops and restaurants and I never had a problem with finding anything or getting to or on my plane. Oh Might just be the must confusing airport I have ever been in Great airport with lots to shop and eat! Easy to navigate. Easy to navigate. Plenty of food options. Careful about the distance between terminals though..  I couldn't complain much due to the hospitality." Anyway I digress- As others have stated there is limited seating in the gate area and it seems like every seat is taken and the number of electric outlets are lacking."  but it is always a mass of humanity.  Be sure to stay in your seat if you get one The worst was in the winter of 2011 where I was kept at the airport for 3 days straight days because the airport neglected to buy de-icing agent - for 3 days. I eventually left by taking a train." Surprisingly clean and quite easy airport!  Had wonderful service and bags were quick to be unloaded.  Very easy in and out approach. Super crowded! Worse than LGA! Next time I have to come to Charlotte  and my 10:15PM connecting flight left without us instead of delaying only 15 minutes to accommodate several passengers from a connecting flight.  I figured I'd go to sleep and leave on a 6AM flight.  Nope.  At 4AM I like calling North Carolina home." Bojangles is awesome in this airport. Great chicken sandos! Sushi bar in airport is very good. eCTdqjkB2oN-QJAZTEWllQ We are lucky to have such a great airport for all of our travel needs." "This airport is like a mall. They have so many stores and restaurants. You almost WANT to have a long layover so you can explore. That was not the case for me "Bojangles in Terminal B  but they were very efficient at their work.  When I'm traveling I really appreciate efficiency on getting me where I need to go." It's an airport.  It is not near the top of my favorites.  and outlets. Southern hospitality = bathroom attendants = clean bathrooms. All terminals are connected." There are plenty of options for shopping and dining. I did not have much time to explore everything but very impressed by the sheer size and architecture of it."  small but had what it needed. Planes." Absolutely fabulous airport air conditioning and spacious places and loads of restaurants "Had my first opportunity to visit NC the other week and flew into Charlotte Douglass International. The airport wasn't as big as I had imagined it would be  well organized airport. I also like the surplus of options available to travelers AFTER you get through the TSA security. I thought it was neat to see at the US Airway's reservation check-in area that there was a ""minor unaccompanied"" area so you can get your child through the process easily."  but I guess they must make a dollar - the cost of flying isn't cutting it for the airports - I wonder who owes the airports anyway - who is making all of that money - I hope they invest in some signage."  wear comfortable shoes and stay alert. You will be walking long distances during layovers and during that time are in danger of getting run over by the many carts that are zooming by. I guess most people have a hard time making their connector here  there are only a few airport who have restroom attendants." This airport is scary.  I've never encountered so many people handing out bibles to people on a layover flight.  I now have no interest in flying back. Love this airport! Always means I'm going somewhere!! San Juan here we come!  lines formed and it was just an absolute mess. The trash cans I saw in the seating area were also overflowing. People tried to throw out plastic cups and the like before their flight and at one point some of it just toppled onto the ground. Overall the experience was unpleasant Just passing through againh... but the Seafood joint in terminal C has some great food! Go sit down and take a load off...." "Dieser Airport ist fr einer der Schnsten und Gemtlichsten. Hier ist alls sehr gut und bersichtlich. Es gibt sehr viele Hinweisschilder zu allen mglichen Punkten. Also verirren kann man sich hier nicht. Das Angebot des Gastronomie ist gut und vom Preis noch Akzeptabel. Auch toll finde ich die ganz vielen Schaukelsthle die hier in den Hallen zum verweilen einladen  and there's plenty of shops to browse to pass the time.  Another reviewer referred to this airport as ""upscale"" and while it's a little bizarre I kind of agree.  I'd much rather be stuck here than some other airports any day." Big airport with many electric walkways that makes it easy to go the long distances between gates.  The Atriums have white rocking chairs. Many trees as well line the main atrium.  the first thing I look for when arriving is an available outlet.  The only outlets to be found are along the windows.  If you need power  but every single time I have to make a connection through Charlotte Douglas it's delayed by several hours. I haven't been to any other airport with as many delays and with such frequency. I'd gladly sacrifice the Pinkberry for a more punctual schedule."  but there are good people movers to help if they are working. An abundance of white rocking chairs sets a relaxed mood...and more comfortable than the standard airport chairs.  Plenty of eating places. A bit put off by having a men's room attendant tearing off sheets of paper for hand washers.....with extended palm and giant bottle of listerine."  more places to eat than I've seen!"  and HELLA power sockets. CLT has all of the above."  to walk from one end to the other and order (fast) food if I was craving food from an establishment on the other side. I never encountered any lines at any of the bathrooms as they're really really big and are easily accessible."  3-4 stars for all the other relatively minor aspects of the airport.  I will settle at 3 stars because the whole bathroom thing was so bothersome to me."  and everything went quite well. The airport is very clean and everyone is courteous. Not a bad place to spend time between flights." Very easy airport to get in and out of. Need more restaurant choices in the Southwest wing  just getting a little dated.  But the airport was pleasant and very functional.  My trip was very smooth through this airport.  And I like the Sprinter which runs from the airport to Uptown." I wish I had more time to explore This airport needs a train like Atlanta. I wish there was more like Charlotte meaning the Airport Service Schedule." This is one of my favorite airports. It's warm and fuzzy with it's rocking chairs. It's big... but not a zoo. Easy to navigate and a great airport to layover in in between flights! "This is one of the better airports to travel through. It's easy to get from terminal to terminal. I really like the layout with great restaurants and shops in the center of all the terminals. The rocking chairs are nice. I rarely get to sit in them but it does give the airport a nice feel.  The city center is very near and only a 10 to 15 min taxi ride. I've been trying to take my international flights from CLT as much as possible. If you are a US Airways traveler "Like most airports free WiFi is available.   This airport is pretty busy.  There are people everywhere so at times you are almost tripping over other people while trying to get from one gate to the other.   They have a pretty descent main food court and good eateries in every concourse.  The unique things about this airport  we arrived an hour late at gate B3 and I had to sprint to D7 only for it to be delayed. But then we had to go to gate C13 because the plane at gate D7 was infested with ants in the cargo bay that had just arrived from Montego Bay "Why is it that the gates always seem twice as far apart when your flight is over an hour late?  However  while the parking isn't great now they are working on that and it should be better soon."  that always causes some confusion and is quite the cluster. To their credit and the airports credit of the 30 or so flights I have taken out of Charlotte in the last three years only two of them have been seriously delayed."  it appears they are doing construction but I would add in an extra hour after you land for baggage retrieval and waiting on a bus to get back to your car. The long term buses seemed to come around a lot more than the daily parking." Sort of pricey shops!!!!!  efficiently operated airports in eastern United States. Plenty of oversized rocking chairs with great views of the airport and downtown Charlotte." Pros: Any airport with TSA pre-check and free wifi automatically gets a pass. This airport is definitely bare bones for any airlines besides USAir so I was happy enough to have an uneventful experience here." "Easy to get in and out of. Employees are very helpful. Inviting If you connect in Charlotte expect constant delays!!!!!   Every time I connect through to Dulles I experience planes with mechanical delays The people here are pretty helpful. You have a pretty big choice selection of places to eat. The stock car cafe is always a good bet and then there's always bojangles for fried chicken.  I hate flying though. I gotta get first class at least once. I'll hype that airline up once that happens  bang a left and go to the end of the building. This would not be an issue except that now you have to go back in through the security checkpoints. Can we say ""pain in the neck""? However "Not my favorite airport. But  but let me tell you how much you suck on the outside. You suck a lot. Is this entire place under construction??? Oh They always have free wifi and you can find power outlets all over the place. It's easy to find a spot to plug in and get some work done or just relax in a rocking chair on the main concourse. CLT feels small enough that you feel comfortable getting around but large enough that they're still getting shit done." I've gotten out of ORD and PHL lot faster than this airport." Great airport: easy to navigate.  Decent selection of eateries and shops. Always clean. Redeeming factor: flight (US Airways) was not only on time but 25 minutes early to my destination!" There are a good selection of places to eat. Nice lobby  and not far. And she doesn't do stairs at all! This happened to her both coming and going. I believe that the attendants at the Charlotte Douglas International Airport are mentally disabled and do not have the brain function to do this simple job." "I hate the screaming ""announcements. "" over the overhead speakers. .   Volume is crazy excessive in gate area of E32.    Go to Hometown Team Bar and wait for your flight....the screaming is maddening"  is stellar. A super short jaunt to the metro area. They also have a Cinnabon and that counts for a lot in my book." 1.5 stars off.  SHUT THAT DAMN BEEPING HANDICAP GO CART OFF!!!!  The last thing I want to hear is a constant beep every three minutes at 10 o'clock at night with these stupid carts pacing back and forth without any passengers."  we had to chill out someplace random b c another plane was at our gate unexpectedly. And then there was no skybridge. And then we had to circle around a few times because the airport gods grew tired of us sitting and waiting. Then  I have to commend Charlotte International for attractiveness I have been through this airport more than I really want... perhaps the reason being this is the ONLY transit airport from my little town... however I should say this airport is also perhaps one of the friendliest hence being one of my favorite amongst all the National and International airports I have traveled through! One major plus the restrooms are uber clean!! Helpful. Nice. Smooth experience.  Airport is carefully laid out and the moving walkways help get to your destination faster.  This place even has a PInk Berry!  They keep it clean and pleasant.  No complaints to date. 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  funny the best food is on the domestic piers and the international piers have the least to offer. The First Flight Sushi is great 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg "This is the most pleasant airport I've been to so far. Everyone that I talked to was polite Standard place that grew fast and has lots of spider webs. "I really like this airport.. Free wifi everywhere and cool little rocking chairs to sit in while u surf and people watch. It's well laid out (easy to get to all your gates) and a central  so don't try to cut your flight too close.  Staff is friendly and foods are overpriced. Otherwise I love this airport for connecting flights.  it is large and clean and I have experienced fewer delays here than say Phili or DC.   I've connected here for both Orlando and for Dallas on multiple occasions and I find the flights to be consistent. 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg I really like the Charlotte Douglas International Airport. It's a clean airport with many (many) places to shop and eat - and the food choices are good. If you have a layover here I think your experience will be a good one.  which was just enough time to grab a bite and board my next flight. It was my first time flying to the US and it's good thing I didn't have to clear customs in Charlotte." Rental cars are a short bus ride  I always choose Douglas when planning a flight with a layover."  the delightfully southern white rocking chairs and oaks growing inside the main atrium create a wonderful ambiance to pass the time." Everyone was friendly.  Food was decent.  Plus they have water bottle refilling fountains  I might give two stars if it weren't for the free wifi."  even a sushi bar. I was stuck on a 3 hour layover here and I did sample the Starbucks but that was about it as far as the vendors go. Not a bad place to be stuck that's for sure." I give Charlotte Douglass Airport a 3 right now because it sucks going to pick up people because of the new construction of the new parking levels. You have to catch a shuttle they will not let you walk and you wouldn't want to anyway. Make sure you pay attention to what lot you are parked in and what shuttle you need to get back. The parking levels will not be completed until Nov. 2014. It will be nice when they do finish and much easier to pick up people again. I hope to have a good experience here one day. I see from other yelp reviews that it exists Sit down stay awhile options are limited. It used to be worse but they have added some. My favorite now is Bad Daddy burgers. Yum!"  so beware that can be a pain sometimes (currently just the daily area is being redone.)  Go to the Terminals on the far left (Terminal D  but I'll have to keep them in mind next time. Wouldn't mind - with the right amount of time - having a layover in Charlotte."  their liquor laws are suuuuuuper strict (read no booze on Sunday until at least noon).  Just sayin." Having the food court right outside security is kind of awkward and gets crowded.  I appreciate the free wifi and the fact that it's not insane to try and navigate.  Rocking chairs for those who like them.  In terms of drop off  pick up The bathroom attendents are sort of weird too."  big and very clean airport.  Lots of places to choose from for food and drinks they even had a guy playing a piano at one of the more expensive restaurants.  It was easy to get around from terminal to terminal as well." I also had a mishap at the security checkpoint and somehow temporarily lost my ID and boarding pass when I set it down to take off my jacket and shoes. I was freaking out because I thought I wouldn't be able to get in and it was just stressful. But one of the TSA workers tried to help me find my ID and boarding pass  I'm surprised that I really didn't mind this airport."  but my God... there are more people movers than people here." I have never been to an airport before where I would want to come back and just hang out. Get my nails done? Check! Superb southern food? Check! Legit shopping? Check and check! Knocking a star because everyone keeps talking about free Wifi Sidenote - totally leaned on my Kindle and smashed it here. :( Don't lean on your Kindle." Easy to navigate. The best thing each time I connect in Charlotte is the Piano player between Concourse B and A. So nice to see live peaceful music in the hussle and bussle of the airport. "I love Charlotte and I don't even know her last name...The Airport much like the city itself is like the new girl in town who wants to be part of the ""cool crowd"" so she does her best to stand out....What's not to like about an airport with quick security..rocking chairs in the atrium..plenty of food options...bars..shopping..salons..and Starbucks every 10 feet?..special recognition for having a Bojangles Chicken Outlet which are seriously missed in Florida...add in the fact they have clean bathrooms with friendly Carolina Southern Bathroom Attendants..free Wi-Fi in the airport and plenty of charging stations and you have the template for what other airports should strive for....only reason I am not giving this airport 5 stars is not really their fault..since USAir has made it their primary East Coast Hub the airport is a little overutilized for it's size..it leads to all the problems one would imagine...gates that are occupied with another plane when you land so lots of time is spent sitting in the plane waiting to park..long waits to takeoff when you are number 10 in line to take off and crowded terminals and people movers..they are trying to deal with it with the current construction projects going on My favorite spot is the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Co.  I like to bring the kiddos a candied apple when I return from a business trip." "Big airport with lots of moving sidewalks and the best part is rocking chairs! Lots and lots of beautiful white rocking chairs. There are small shops every few feet "Nice airport in decent condition. The food and shopping selections have improved over the years. While I find it a tad annoying to have a restroom attendant "I have never had any troubles going through security at Charlotte Douglas International Airport.  The airport has some nice stores This airport now offers free wifi. That's a big plus in an otherwise mediocre airport. My only complaint with this airport is that they do not update the info boards enough. I ALMOST MISSED MY FLIGHT!" Got a long layover? The first good news is you've got access to free WI-FI. And you won't be disappointed by the food and drink options - I have one very fond memory of a long liquid lunch at the Bacardi Rum restaurant (yep -  apparently that's a thing). They just added an Illy coffee shop as well in the newer D terminal for those of you who like your coffee rich and Italian (...like your men? Sorry  Charlotte Douglas is a solid airport for the Carolinas." The airport is fine but the bathroom attendants have GOT TO GO! especially when they keep talking while you're trying to use the facilities...not okay. Worst airport in the area. Never come to CLT on Monday morning. The valet parking was full by 6:10 am. Security lines are ridiculous. I drove up from Columbia SC for the last time.  but the new gate check in changes are ridiculous.  They seem to change weekly and they have ruined any benefits of having status or first class.  Jamming all business travelers through a single gate just destroys the purpose.  Charlotte has too many flyers with status with USAir.  You would think airport management would realize this." "My boys love going to the airport lookout. There are a few benches and picnic tables for a snack. Trees for shade also. It of course is loud Now they say that it will be given away if it isn't found within a month. Do they really think there is a person even a very rich person(there are videos This was my forth time in this airport and I have no complaints for it."  it's not at all a bad place to be." I like the rocking chairs! Bathrooms clean and easy to navigate around the terminals.  I can assure you this is one of the airports that you wanna have a break if you have a connecting flight."  you have the impression of being accosted by street vendors in a 3rd world country.   I'm not sure what their function is except to collect tips.  They don't put toilet paper in the stalls.  They don't clean urine off the toilet seats.  They only thing I saw them do was tear off a paper towel and hand it to me and then expect a tip.  If you don't leave a tip I hope to find myself in Charlotte again on future flights. If you're going to be stuck in an airport for a few hours waiting for a connection Worst airport ever.. Flight to Jacksonville was schedule for 9:19am.. I'm currently still sitting at the airport nearly 2 hours later. The lady on the overhead has been telling the passengers we will leave in 15-20 minutes. At this point I'm tired of hearing that. Now I know if there was something wrong with the plane then it's understandable but no we have yet to board the aircraft due to the 1st officer not being here on time.. Now if you know there's a flight schedule why wouldn't you make sure the person is her or even better have a back up plan.. Ridiculous planning if you ask me!! All I'm saying is SFO left on time and arrived in Charlotte early.. Now that's a good job well done.. As for my first time in Charlotte.. No never again.. I'll just pay extra for a direct flight I hear that they even have a large area for watching taking off and landings complete with a picnic area and park benches.  Or you can just watch from your car.  How friendly is that?  Next time I book a flight  this airport is pretty cool."  the gate agent said that they know we're coming and not to worry. We ran to the gate and there was no one there and no plane. When they came back they said that 15 minutes ago they gave our seats to standby passengers and that the PLANE LEFT 15 MINUTES EARLY! They told us that it is a transfer airport so they usually leave early. BS!  They told us that they only hold the plane if there at least 10 people missing. Luckily there was 1 more flight that night. Suck it U.S Airways"  and generally clean. They have plenty of moving sidewalks to get to your gate more quickly Easy to navigate. Clean. And lots of food choices. Also has a nice bright waiting area central hub. great restaurants and fabulous people.  Have to love the Southern Hospitality even from the TSA agents  auch sehr sauber und gut Beschildert so das man alles sehr schnell findet. Auch toll sind die vielen Schaukelsthle in und um das Atrium in denen man schn entspannen kann und dem Treiben im Airport gelassen zu sehen kann. Es gibt genug Restaurants und Shops  even when I lived in Savannah (many moons before coming to Charlotte) I would purposefully schedule US Airways flights so that I could be routed throgh CLT rather than ATL. Maybe it's the rocking chairs in the main food court "I've been here before on a layover and this is the first one that I've actually stayed loft a long time. Long layovers suck but thanks to the free wi-fi and the pretty good selection of food available  The Tampa International Airport TSA do a great job My first plane ride through Charlotte  North Carolina. You know I know I have been through air here but I think I also rented a car here. Service here was okay. Car rental was confusing because it was a different shuttle ride away or something. "I can't really say that I thought much of this airport. It has a smoky smell. The main problem is that it is a hub of US Air and in my opinion it is a tossup as to which is the worst airlines Charlotte airport seems to get better and better every time I pass thru.  Security is mmmm... Ok. Allow extra time.  They have a great selection of food in the food court between the B & C concourses.  The sushi bar is wonderful.  I wish the city would take the time to modernize the concourses themselves.  Gate areas and lounges seem to be a little outdated. Starbucks... Galore! The one next to B9 is fast moving and fast paced.  Don't be discouraged of the line is long.  Always buy food before you get on the airplane! Try not to laugh every time you realize this airport's code is CLT.  I think it's hysterical.  :)" And yes...the rocking chairs and free wifi are charming" Love the layout and size of this airport. So easy to navigate. The central food shopping area has some nice options and the big white rocking chairs are so southern and inviting. My kids love the moving sidewalks between the terminals. Always happy to fly to Charlotte!  and clean facilities ... this place will probably earn an extra star after the reconstruction and parking is complete at the main terminal area. The only drawback here is that it's pretty chopped up ... so all of those different concourse areas can be a bit of a walk if you have to change Airlines or are going international and have to change concourses areas due to that." "Terrible parking access due to an un-phased parking upgrade.  Slow to nonexistent parking shuttles.  The absolute worst baggage handling times.  They do a decent job but come on The South Western Plane and the new merged US-AIR American Air are best in show." Over all great Airport." Overall a great experience here.  Food options weren't the greatest but I didn't see anything except for the terminal i left and came out of.  and my dad introduced me to the valet parking and I haven't been able to go back to regular. Especially while they're working on the new garage construction. I'm too spoiled. Sure I could spend that money on a billion other things  I have always had such a pleasant experience from the time I check in until the time I get on my flight at CLT airport.  Either I get lucky every time or this airport just has a very friendly and helpful staff!" "I really like the Charlotte airport.  The flight selection is decent and the size of the airport is just about right I'm sure I'll continue to frequent CLT unless something makes Columbia  cheaper." I am US Airways miles holder so most of my trips route through Charlotte. It by far one of my favorite airports. It is easy to navigate  and has plenty of choices for food and shopping if you have a long layover. "Tiny little airport that does what it needs to do - one could also fly directly into Atlanta and catch the shuttle out to Chattanooga  this is one of the better ones. A large open atrium in the center joins all of the gates which gives you the feeling of being outside.  Rocking chairs and free wifi  I'd suggest checking out the old-school map on CLT's website if you want to grab some food or a book between flights." Consider trying Park 'N Go instead of Business Valet. I find their service is better and cheaper than the airport's service."  good places to eat. Just a nice airport as airports go." "Good enough airport that's easy enough to navigate.  Okay food options Easy to park at the long term lots and at a good rate.  Security lines are annoyingly long for not that busy of an airport.  Usually because they only have 1 scanner open at a time.   some nice places to eat and decently easy to navigate when your all messed up. Thankfully for me I travel well and know my way around so it was too bad for me after I got some food in me which there are plenty of places to eat here" My favorite places to fly in and out of. The A concourse where I fly out of is old and does not have enough seating. Otherwise it's a fine mid sized airport. The roads around the airport are a total mess and some are closed off  and certainly the BEST I've seen in the US. This is an airport with a promising future  but this trip was my first time as Charlotte being the final destination.  It was easy to get to the baggage area  you have to take a shuttle. The ride to and from long term parking is hair raising - it's like being on an NYC bus that's in a race to get somewhere (hang on for dear life)." the airport has certainly grown over the last 10 years.  great ambiance with the rocking chairs in the atrium for passengers that have a long wait between flights and do not wish to wait at their gate.  continue to grow and hurry up and finish with the construction with the parking!!! 5. Starbucks everywhere - good." Dissatisfied customer ..."  you're eventually going to end up here for an hour or so. Not a bad place to send a short time. Even if you are connecting from one US Air flight to another Being Muslim I really appreciated the quiet serenity to be able to pray without feeling rushed to do so. I used the room twice upon arrival an departure when praying the second time around I was joined by a catholic gentleman so the room does get use. Thank you CD airport for a blessing to passengers needing a place to pray and worship." Love those Carolina Rockers. One of my favorite airports. Lots of plugs and charging stations. Great BBQ. Easy to get from one end of the airport to the other. Reeks of jet fuel exhaust in the E Concourse too.  Close the doors much?" MS at the time of writing of this review. With the gates built so far apart and narrow walkways. It takes me a full 15 mins to move from gate to gate. Been close to missing my flights a lot of times. High time they build a shuttle or  train service especially with this being a US airways hub." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg "Well for an airport I really have no complaints. It may not be the biggest airport there is but it does have the best USO I have been too. Serving hot and cold food 24 hours a day  especially if flying USAir. Customs was worse than JFK. THIS IS NOT the airport for international connecting flights. Completely understaffed for an excessively busy Sunday. Worst combination of southern efficiency and northern charm. Better to go through Miami." Nice airport. When you are picking someone up you can go to the cell phone lot and wait for them to text. I hear they have rocking chairs but have not tried them yet. Parking across for the terminals would be great. Cant wait until they are finished  I go where the best price and route times are so I'll be back.  Soon I hope traveling to the clear blue sea."  dirty carpet they should change the carpet to tiles." "I'm hoping this place comes around once the construction is complete. It's a little tight and cramped and crowded. For years The WiFi is Free and almost worth the price." It is a very large airport and your connecting flight will undoubtably be far from where you land so expect to be walking and with a short layover this may mean running."  nor out. We've only made connections here. Much appreciated is free WiFi. All airports should be doing that. Rocking Chairs is a great place to chill if you have the time. When making a connection Man! Clean airport with really nice ppl. Altho my flight got cancelled I think it was because the pilot didnt want to land because of 'fog'. I always like traveling through here though.  go to gate A6 and view at the airport map nearby.  Then connect.  There is spotty connections at the end of that terminal hampering the user agreement website from openong."  not enough seating and for god sake turn the AC down. And to top it off the US airways club closes at 10pm so grab you stuff and get out! Sea of people not enough seating and the food is junk There really isn't anything too horrible or too great about this airport. I've always found the bathrooms surprisingly clean "This airport is huge!  If you're here for a short layover be prepared to book it if your connecting flight is on the other side of the airport..it'll take a while!  Luckily I had plenty of time  out of and thru. This is my home airport but since it is also the largest Hub for US Airways I also have to fly thru during business travel. You walk from furthest points in about 15-minutes if you use the moving walkways and walk at a good steady pace. You have food and if you desire shopping options in all concourses. TSA Precheck at all concourses as well. You will find rocking Chairs in the main food court area as well as the E Concourse. A big item is that you have free WiFi! The biggest downside to the airport is finding enough charging outlets in the airport. It is for this reason that I give it a 4-Star rating instead of a 5-Star." "Blech. This airport is kinda dirty and smells sour. It's also overly crowded since it is a layover hub Really an easy airport to navigate  Check in not a hassle Although the charging stations weren't functional they had more being added to recharge the electronics."  but every person I had to talk to seemed like they hated everyone. Really irriated me and I hated being there. I am not sure how you can manage to be that unhappy when you live in a nice town. Blew my mind away p.s. I think you may have fleas." Be patient.  It's a nice airport but it does get chaotic.  Scheduling seems to be random and gates get really busy with flights leaving right next to or across from one another.  either helpful or totally rude.  I would give a one star except it wouldn't be fair to the excellent employees I did encounter." XsNsDwnrcT6A8aOsA1JJmQ  unless I am waiting in the cell phone lot. The airport is clean and efficient. Never had any issues here. Depending on the day it can be a bit busy but that is the case with all airports I suppose." Separately I love the fact they have a Jamba  Juice since it was always hard for me to find a good smoothie in SC. And the rocking chairs in the central food court are great for passing the time."  i'm really impressed with all the food choices and lounges to have a drink and how courteous the people are. I would like to see a little more transportation inside to move the people along more rapidly because of the volume of traffic that's at the airport on a daily basis."  I would not mind being stuck here with all that this airport has to offer." Very charming and comfortable airport. Several good restaurants. Unfortunately it's home to a most unreliable airline.  including vegetarian.  That is a nice change from the other airports." "Poor food quality. Ordered the burrito which was not rolled correctly so it fell apart almost as soon as I started to eat it. The guacamole tasted stale and had the wrong consistency. The food was fast though "This airport was one of my layovers from Puerto and I loved it. The gate signs were well lit and it was hard to get lost. The different concourse were always easy to navigate to. Theu had rocking chairs in some of the common waiting areas and I thought that was so cool. There was a lot of food places on the US airways terminal which was awesome because I was starving. They have some cool decore [I can say these things...I'm from CLT!]" "Love this airport!  Always a helping hand and the restaurants are 4 star!  Cannot believe that they invested in great dining here but I am all for it.  Not sure about the reviewer that says it is chaos--are real International Airports are.  The great thing about this place is that Southern Hospitality abounds.  I am all for that and it is a good thing.  I have made this airport my home airport because I am a 100% road warrior traveler.  Yes  nice and helpful employees.  Can't ask for much more.   Thumbs up" rdRJ-3kDdiMiHaQLwDlL-w I also get my Bojangles fix when passing through here.   But let's keep that between us.   I don't want my trainer to find out." "This was was a very clean airport.  I was surprised.   They have a friendly gentleman in the restroom to guide weary male travelers to open urinals.   Quite a courteous fellow This airport is having a terrible time with the parking solution right now. they need to get this fix quickly. apparently they are rebuilding new parking decks so in order to park you have to park at the lots across some street and get on a suttle in order to get  back to the airport. so terrible if you are not just picking up and dropping off your friends and family. layover to change planes - pleasant new terminal - lots of upscale looking shops and restaurants - clean bathrooms - clean common areas - no outside noise. good for a break.  especially in the central area.  This airport does very well in making on time flights...I really can't remember the last time I was delayed here and I travel quite often." We had a connecting flight to MIami and we had to stay here for 1.5 hours.. very clean airport and lots of restaurants to choose from too..  and I must say this airport is one of the most excellent airports ive been to! The people who work here are so so pleasant and kind. And there a great variety of food options that are all close together."  Charlotte Douglas was a main stay for several years and is now a pass through for me as it is a US Airways hub. I love this airport. First - the array of rockers - Carolina Rockers of course - to sit and rock and people watch. The Grand Piano in the main area always seems to have someone tickling the ivories and it is wonderful. There are plenty of plugs around the airport to top off you cell phone or computer. There is free wireless. There are a number of food choices and some very friendly people serving. What more could you ask for? Well how about art. The mobile of all the planes from the history of aviation are in the main lobby Us airways is incompetent and unfit to call themselves an airline!  True story emergency landing and stuck in the airport for 4 hours with no answers!!! No one seems to know what's going on?  still tons of people. If you have a connecting flight out of CLT - put your running shoes on - because it's a long way from gate to gate and usually you'll have to rush to make your next flight." They had a lot of shopping options to keep you busy as well and a spa massage which is genius because I'm sure many people are achy after their flights! This was a pleasant change of pace and scenery from Newark airport which I'm used to."  not filthy. The seating areas would be better with more outlets. The staff was kind. I just wish instead of having to trek half a mile to get from one concourse to another that they'd add the train like in Atlanta because on my way back through I had maybe 10 minutes before my flight boarded and I had to go from B to E!" Easy to find your gate" Quickest airport I've been through! The precheck facility allows you to roll through with a jacket and shoes! Also no headache with taking your laptop out! Not bad for an airport layover. A fair amount of decent food options in the middle of the terminal and a few rocking chairs and ample seating for passengers as they await to board. Too bad US Airways merged with American - I don't think the frequency of flights out of CLT is going to last. If you can avoid checking your bags when flying into this airport - DO SO.  Worst baggage claim area I've ever experienced.  Over 45-minutes to get luggage.  is fine. The US Airways section is awwwful. I've flown through here twice in the last year. The first time I had to walk clear across the airport for my connecting flight (but I did get Bojangles... sooo... that's good!). The last time I flew through here (on my unintentional airport tour of the Southern US) was awful. So many cancelled flights  easy to follow foot traffic patterns and courteous staff." I was flying US Airways and taking it to Brazil Terrible service! The staff was not helpful what so ever.. Very rude! I will never fly from here again! The airport is easy to get around but after my terrible experience I won't return Clean airport with very friendly staff. Lots of different food and shopping spots for a smaller airport. Very nice airport a lot of selections of food we stopped at Sbarro's to grab something to eat. Shops and restaurants are scattered throughout the terminals  I suppose to the seasoned flyer that is normal. I also recently flew to BWI from here and have no complaints. The options for food are good here as well  maybe this airport is good. Maybe it should be named USAirways Charlotte international.   If you fly out of concourse A Nice and simple but efficint layout. Tons of food and drink options. The only downer are the hopelessly outdated furniture and floor carpeting in the waiting areas.. Even the U.S. Airways lounge was crowded."  but I can accept it in a first class restaurant.  Not in an airport.  Especially when they seemed to be more interested in arranging their display of mints and showcasing their little cups of mouthwash than actually cleaning the bathrooms." Nice airport with a good selection of shops and food.  It's a growing airport which is pretty large and has a large amount of passengers moving about.  Be sure to map your gates out in advance to make your travels smoother. International availability! Gotta love it. But for those making connections through CLT Its an airport....... they are constantly building and adding on to this airport. It is definitely growing and getting huge. "Charlotte has grown I remember when the airport was small now it's like a little city of it's own. I don't mind waiting for a plane here as they have plenty of places to eat and pass time. They made it look real nice and ""purdee"" inside so you feel like you're in a nice place unlike Newark or JFK which are boring as hell to me. I don't think the majority of passengers will be disappointed passing through here." "We stopped by this airport as a layover.  The terminal was quite modern and clean.  I liked that there were rocking chairs.  There were also plenty of food stands and stores.  That there are attendants in the restrooms is memorable.  The one I encountered cleaned the counters and greeted everyone who walked through the doors.  However  CLT is receiving the same ""tear it down and start again"" treatment.  This airport is special enough to have a Pinkberry considering not many of the airports house their own Pinkberry.  Of course they have a Chili's  lol. I've only had layovers here and can't comment on the check-in experience. However  the new construction has added a lot of new and pretty cool parking spaces whoohoo:]" Went on several websites to find a map that shows a baggage claim area location. There isn't.  Called several airlines they were unable to find anything. What's up with that.  bring your walking shoes."  this is one of the worst airports I can imagine.  Other than a Starbucks (w o seating) and a magazine shop  as some reviewers have done. The timeliness of flights run by all the various airlines is often - usually - not controlled by the airport. That's like blaming a mall for one of it's store's questionable return policies. It's not the mall's fault. Just my two cents worth!)."  etc is. Lots of different shops and food places and the bathrooms are always clean because they have attendants. Depending on what gate  places to sit all over   I always make it a point to fly through Charlotte when I can compared to Atlanta its a breeze !" TIP: It's crazy busy on Sunday afternoons and Monday mornings!" "Everything good in this airport is RUINED by the obnoxious level of loud music playing by terminal D7 at ""The Local Rustic Market"". I was unable to talk on the phone or hear any announcements about my flight status over the music. I asked if they could turn it down and the manager suggested I walk down the hall I had the worst time finding one of their long term parking lots. I felt like I was going in circles the whole time. It's a little run down and could definitely use some upgrades. I always stop at the body shop! It's also very clean and easy to navigate!"  I like it.  I park at Parkngo...with or without a reservation.  You barely have time to put on the parking brake before the staff is there with the van to carry your bags to the shuttle.  The airport itself 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  always friendly folks and usually not hard to get through TSA checkpoint." Been in three airports on our trip to North Carolina. I know it's summer. What happen to the air conditioning. They've lied if its about being GREEN. It's about the other green!!!  which only gave me 20 min to run from B terminal all the way to E terminal. There were so many people and our flight My only advice is to make sure you leave yourself enough time to get to each terminal  usually runs on time. Seems like they have a lot of new businesses coming in that are good Has stupidity reached a new all time high?" Great little airport. Now direct connection to Europe. Live piano music in terminal. Us airways hub. Rental car shuttles run every few minutes. Lots of charging stations for electronic devices. Airport is also small enough to make transfers easy. And can they do something about the annoying high-pitched beepers on the courtesy shuttles?" 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  and staff here were all friendly. I almost wished my layover was longer the last time Terrible airport for a layover. Walking from E40 something over to B6 should not be do laborious and definitely would be hard to do successfully with any shorter of a layover or if my other flight had not landed a smidge early. Not to mention half the moving walkways were not working. Will be avoiding layovers here in the future.  as well as food options within the airport's gates. One of the few airports that resembles a shopping mall more than an actual airport!" Future travelers the airport is a credit to  Charlotte."  no drama. If u have to lay over. Let it be here. I really like the way this airport is laid out. The food court is awesome and they had some one playing the piano. It wAs very soothing to me especially with the stress of getting from one side of the airport to the other. I really wish they had a tram for this but the food court made up for it."  and also some nice eateries.  Bathrooms were clean.  Airport information was helpful in locating the bus stop for long term parking.  The buses ran frequently and were large enough to accommodate a few families with luggage storage."   unlike some other large US airports it does not seem overcrowded. Check in is average. There are tons of delicious food options here. One of the best airports for food and shopping I've been too. Be prepared to walk a lot but at least you don't have to leave the building."  and a bit of a delay in getting to from the airport. Allow some extra time when flying in and out. Overall  but it felt like it was 90 degrees inside and I was sweating like crazy."  bt love the free wifi. So its even. Oh wait. parking is bad. too much traffic!"  PLEASE turn the damn AC on in EVERY terminal! It sucks when you get in an argument with the Sbarro cashier -- it sucks even more knowing that the heat is adding to your frustration!" There is a central food court that is fairly big and even features someone playing live music on a grand piano. The pathways to and from this area are equipped with moving walkways for your convenience. The place is air-conditioned well enough because it can get really hot in North Carolina even in September. And plus  a guy wants me to tip him in the bathroom?? He ain't wiping my ass!!! And typical 3 hr layover to get fricking anywhere! I hate this place...:)"  will review that separately. Starbucks is always crowded. Smattering of the usual airport shops. If you are in the mood for (window) shopping This is definitely an airport I want to come back to on future trips." Can you forgive me! When I go to Boston I have to go through here so learning to adjust."  crowded and bustling. But pretty well-run."  there are 4 employees standing around talking to you. I ask if you know how to run a register you say no..tell one of the other girls to start ringing and you leave. Your foul mouthed employee then proceeds to complain about what a dick you are and tells me it's not her job to bag the $20 shirt I just purchased.  People of the Charlotte airport  but do have to queue up for a bank of machines that take your picture and scan your passport.  The machine then spits out a ticket you give to the customs agent.  It is a bit of a melee Charlotte....silly Charlotte." WiFi seems to be sketchy at best" Well Charlotte is always busy but reasonably easy to navigate to your next gate if your lay over is here.  I have flown many miles and I like this airport a lot And wait... Did i just see a Brooks Brother store here too? Love it!! You wont be disappointed while waiting or connecting to your next flight!"  but this was the worst airport wifi experience I've had ... maybe ever. Huge waste of a layover." I have to say this beats LAX JFK any day. They have options for everything you would need when you travel. My grandson needed a outlet for his phone. Found one. Than my wife and I had to wait for our flight to FL we had food and wine. I went with friends from my old bowling league and we found a buffet. I went by myself and read a book while watching the planes take off.  I have traveled a lot in my life and this always is a good experience.  but when I do it's because it really sucks. This airport was probably last updated the same year an American stepped foot on the moon. The aesthetics are an awful addition to the awful modern commercial flying experience. The bathrooms are super outdated and small. Also I just think they should fix their outlet charging problem and put in new charging stations and if it's true that you have to pay for your wifi now  so you shouldn't feel extremely rushed to make it to the other side of the airport."  rocking chairs and the easy layout. My only other favorites are Long Beach and San Jose."  trying to park here to fly out for a business or leisure trip has been something out of a time vortex where nothing makes any sense.  The signs are not set up to streamline people coming to this airport to park and fly out.  I was almost late for a business flight since I was so confused on where to park and where to go.  Inside has a decent amount of restaurants and to my surprise designer shops.  More to my surprise is how these shops afford to stay open since most of their items for sale is beyond what anyone would pay for and there is never anyone in there.  Unsolved mysteries indeed."  travelers who work like to sit down and enjoy their meal while banging out some work and charging their equip. More restaurants with outlets and open before 7 for early travelers would go a long way to improving this place." Decent food choices but pick the right ones even if you have to venture into another terminal."  with seating also near outlets to charge your devices." Not enough time for food between connections I personally feel awkward with bathroom attendants present as well. I prefer not to have an audience."  so my review has been scaled down for that. We landed here at 9AM for a layover to Dominican Republic.  Chairs are not the worst ones I've seen  shops and several business centers.  What it lacks is a decent size rental car counter and larger waiting areas.  All in all...okay airport."  lazy and making a bad name for the South." "One of the smallest airport in the U.S.  Flew here for a short layover to Greenville (GSP).  Can't really stand small airport since all the planes are so small and me being 6'4"" is very difficult to sit comfortably in my seat.  Next time I'll fly into big airports." Daily parking is also relatively cheap and convenient compared to the prices at other ""hub"" airports. I'm looking forward to the completion of the additional parking which should alleviate the congestion and make my time in and out even faster."  just be sure to bring socks and a sweater!"  I'm now 2 for 2 in getting delayed an hour or more leaving this airport. They just don't want anyone to leave. Make sure you get on board with a fully-charged phone This place is better than a lot of others I had been in.  I would want to have a long layover here  this is a major hub and has decent food and shopping places. There are rocking chairs in the main terminal which is cute and there is an army of folks to help you find your way if you get lost." "Avoid this airport. Had a connecting stop here on our way back from Mexico and hated every minute of it. Had to collect our bags and go thru security again was a huge pain in the rear. After that no real food in the entire E concourse. Creepy bathroom attendants handing out Listerine and mints. Over crowded tiny gates with no place to sit or charge a phone. Any review that says this place is great seriously has not been anywhere. CLE 5) A few small eateries so you can at least get something quick before your flight" I always joke and say when you are flying from CLT you will feel like the plane is driving to the destination not flying." Not imprrssed by so many aspects of this airport." You will not be disappointed if you pass thru or make your final here." Get your act together." The food choices however are commendable. If you are hungry you owe it to yourself to seek out Carolina Pit Barbecue in the main terminal as it is the damn truth. Smoky CLT is in my opinion the best big hub airport in the country." "The airport in general gets a solid 3 stars (A-Ok)... but the staff here in all aspects cranked it up another star. I flew in via South West and out On my way back I had 15 minutes to get to my plane.  I suppose I should have asked one of the carts for help." Great aiport that loses two full stars because f***ing bathroom attendants. Air travel and the airport food isn't expensive enough? We need to remember to bring singles for a guy standing by the sink doing nothing we can't do ourselves? Except then there's that creepy guy who stands in front of your stall while you're trying to travel deuce... They are working to modernize this airport...it is showing signs of being in the 21st century...hopefully they will wrap up construction soon and it can function as such." Not a bad layout for a large airport.  Lots of convenience here.  Lots of places to shop and eat which makes it nice if you're having to lay over for more than an hour.  I don't like monster airports. Totally passable. Clean and compact. Not many amenities. Good place to connect to other lathers airports. 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  we were forced to walk across the Tarmac in the pouring rain with our luggage to get to the airport. No one assisted us or even apologized for the inconvenience. I will never fly through this airport again." It's designed in such a way where you don't feel like you're in an airport.  There's many coffee joints and restaurants all over.  Meaning you don't have to walk all the way back to find something to eat or snack on.  The way everything is place was smart.  Coffee on almost every corner.  Restaurants right next to the coffee places.  Carts every where to get miscellaneous things.  Bathrooms are clean and everywhere.  The floor is tiles and clean.  Everything here is clean and well rounded." There was a food court and an area that had rocking chairs. That was a first time that I've noticed rocking chairs in an airport. I didn't use them Nice airport that is well connected.  Not dirty and everyone was very helpful.  I feel we got through everything very quickly and did not struggle finding anything.  Has plenty of good places to eat or drink at which is a huge plus on the big layovers. I have to stop here on my way back to Providence from ATL and really bummer by this."  people!!! either hand out some blankets or crank the heat. it's mid-december  many shopping and food options and some of them are quite good. An additional appeal is the rocking chairs that are placed throughout the walk throughs. They are a great and relaxing diversion to while away times for departure delays and cancellations." "This is by far the worst airport ever. We have went to 3 different food place to eat and have had a bad experience at all of them. The first one took over  an hour tonget our drink order then came back and said oh you have 5 minutes to order I said ok I'll take this sandwich ""oh we don't have it or this or this "" that was a larger portion of the menu so we said well I guess we are not eating here finished our drinks had to go ask for the check and meantime I saw our server dig in the trash for silverware and not wash his hands before grabbing food! The bk and taco place was also awful workers seemed extremely rude and bk took 15 min but the food was right there the whole time. Just don't eat here stay away avoid at all cost !"  so it's likely a better domestic airport. Free wifi so that's always a plus! We had a short layover and had to go straight to the gate. Not too many food options but there was an Einsteins bagels which was fast  and it only took about 10 minutes. I thought that I'd have to change terminals but nope! Great shops and restaurants I can't comment on security since I was only here for a connecting flight."  the food vendors are decent but lack on healthy eating spots (I try to eat well since I'm about to sit on a plane) and most importantly  but it's not nearly as good as its competitors." Well kept facilities highlight this airport but it is a ZOO!!! I avoid CLT at all costs because of the food lines and crowded terminals where it feels like everyone is in a rush to go nowhere. If youre a USAirways frequent flier then this place typically has less delays than PHL... But you pay for it in the crowds They also have free wifi & water filters. Overall And free wifi is just the best. Till next time!" Pretty decent airport.  Rocking chairs everywhere giving a quaint look. Pretty laid back and people are nice. None of the higher end stops we see in SF or JFK "I was not going to write a review of this airport and catch my breath a little but Charlotte's airport is just too good not to review. It's all classed up with modern architecture and the burger bar I'm at as a wonderful selection of draught wheats like I love. I don't know when I'll be laid over here again because I usually prefer direct flights from New York to New Orleans. However  particularly the ones at US Airways.  I've flown with them most of my life and don't have too many complaints.  The layout of CLT is okay Good place to have a layover."  Man...The reason I give it 4 stars is because I'm on vacation. I would give it a 5 if I didn't have to go from concourse F to concourse C  this is not a bad airport for a layover." Travel slit but don't normally go through Charlotte airport. It needs the refurbished and enlarge terminals.  Not enough sets and it's like going back to the 80s. Ugly nasty concourse e  I love flying to and from Charlotte." "Great food options and everyone is so friendly. The rocking chairs are a nice touch. They are so friendly that there is a restroom attendant excuse me a "" toiletries engineer"" ready to assist you with washing your hands or whatever after completing your business in the restroom. I am old enough and confident enough to carry out what I need to do in this particular instance of my life. Nice idea but I don't think it's needed. Reminds me of certain clubs where the attendant is holding the paper towels hostage so I am forced to grab a bunch of napkins. Call me cheap but no adult needs help with this. Still great airport and you can't beat the outstanding speed on their free WiFi." Best part? WIFI! FREE WIFI. Easy to connect to wifi and spend your layover  wait watching netflix or actually getting work done. Any airport that recognizes we live in the 21st century and should have access to free wifi is a winner in my book." A slightly chaotic but convenient airport.  Has many bars and eateries for the hungry traveler.  You'll also see flight clubs for the elite traveler.   This is a mega hub for the airline so you'll have many shopping options during your visit. I wasn't here long enough for anything to make this airport particularly nice This really is one of my favorite airports to connect through. It's small enough that you can wander around a bit unless you're going out of E.. and if you are 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg "Had a few layovers here in the past. Nice. Bigger than columbus I was in a rush to get to my gate so I utilized to moving walkways that are located throughout the airport. Definitely nice to have when you're pregnant and have swollen feet."  I'm sure I'll be back." Scored the short line at the scanners.   It is key to look for the short lines.  Usually at the first station at drop off. Flew through here going to Paris. It was a terrible experience. Lol. I was having really weird pains in my lady parts almost cramping and I was really sick and everyone was giving me the stink eye. And the security people had no compassion when they saw me basically limping. Full of rotten people. The only thing that was nice was the bojangle chicken and biscuits They are doing some construction and renovations and making this place bigger and better (including the parking)."  Charlotte is to US airways. This time while connecting to NYC saw this guy napping with this hoodie  on a Valentines Day morning." The security lines at each terminal were a little crazy and each time I went to one there was an employee standing there suggesting I walk down to the next for a shorter wait. My gate was B and I ended up at the E security check point. So frustrating but at least I made my flight!" Came here in a good mood and when I leave I'll sorta be dreading having to come back through here. Just saying. But kudos for free wifi "This airport is getting better.  I had to fly to Charlotte to make a connection and thought for sure I was walking 10 miles to my next flight.  Surprisingly Nice airport and plenty of food options to choose from in terminal B! Very annoying that the gate people try talking over each other doing gate announcements. Few could understand anything they said.  They need to send their management to dfw or Stapleton"  my complaints are with the airline."  probably due to the bathroom attendants in practically every facility. The food selection isn't the greatest. The white rocking chairs really make you realize you're down south (or at least not in NYC anymore). Overall The whole airport needs a refresh.  It's out of date and feels like 1991.  It's pretty gross.  Not Philadelphia gross but pretty bad.  The Admirals Club near C is descent and the 4 or 5 shops on your way to D and E arenice.  Everything else is pretty bad.  The new American should take their business to another city  if Charlotte doesn't don't update. "I would give CLT 5 stars if it weren't for the painfully slow baggage claim. I always dread it when I have to check bags on my trip to CLT because I know it will be at least 30 minutes before I can get it. Great improvements are happening at the airport (runways Stay was short snd sweet...just the way i like it"  onto the runway. I didn't even waste my time to file a claim. Didn't have have the energy to debate and hear the usual...""we don't know if it was like that before. We're not responsible."""  CLT isn't a bad one. There's quite a bit to entertain you. Restrooms are clean and wifi is decent. Thumbs up!"  was able to catch a professional pianist playing some really amazing pop and classical songs. Some beautiful layouts of design and very easy to get from end to end if you have a connection!" "I have been in and out of a lot of airports I like the layout here everything is opened and easy to find more than enough charging stations and clean bathrooms I love going to this airport. I've been to many airports in my day but Charlotte has the very best airport of all the time. The food is awesome and the whole building is clean.  the nonsensical adventure to baggage and the longest wait for baggage I've ever had. That's saying something considering I travel 80% of the year." I live near this airport. They are working on the parking situation but can't give it 5 stars since the driving around the airport is confusing the roads are changing and hard to follow "This is one of the best airports for a long layover BUT if it is a short one and you have to go from E to any other gate you better be ready to hustle. But they have tons of shops This is my favorite airport to fly into and out of for both international and domestic flights. The staff is always very friendly and helpful plus everything is very well marked. There's a few bars to grab some preflight drinks and some rocking chairs with views so you can waste some time. "This airport made an impression on my from the beginning. The amazing atrium with the rocking chairs and piano music adds a touch of elegance that harkens back to the golden era of travel. Lines were unfortunately long and this airport seems subject to a disproportionate number of folks who are still somehow unaware of TSA regulations  but there were some shops nearby selling food. The signs were also pretty good at getting me from one terminal to another." Some chairs are still old.  If they get to renovate a little  all the bottled drinks are $3. I know they charge extra in the airport because we can't bring drinks in with us. But this type of markup is wrong."  this airport is a relief compared to JFK and LGA. It felt great to be out of the airport so smoothly. The way home was just as easy." Although I only been here three times I can say that this airport is always busy. The bathrooms are clean and they have a lot of restaurants and shops to choose from Decent Airport.  Had alot of things to eat but was also rather big and crowded for a city as small as Charlotte.  clean and in good repair. Excellent food offerings. Plenty of places to charge your devices. Super nice staff." I even got to take a ride in the baggage mobile  Be prepared for quite a walk if you are flying a smaller connecting flight..."  and overall they seemed a little cramped.   The bathrooms were small and overall dirty.  The food options were hit or miss.  The boarding areas were pretty tight as well.  It's a US Airways hub so of course there will be issues My biggest gripe about the CLT airport is that it is a US Airways hub so you would think you would be able to get great deals on flights out of here that may even be a direct to your destination  put my wife and I (obviously on our honeymoon) in the family with small kids line. The jerk who the triple checked by bag purposely waited an extra ten minute (when no other bags had to be examined) just to piss me off." "Certainly one of the better airports I've flown through. An abundance of rocking chairs; unique eateries that aren't a Burger King; some retail and service establishments (nails This one has lot of good food choices." Only had a layover here on my way to Jamaica.  Airport is not hugs and the lines for food can get a little crazy. Bring your patience and you'll be just fine.  always windy which makes for hairy take off's and landings...This has happened every time I fly into CLT."  the worst I have ever seen in all of my travels ... And that includes my travels to 27 states and nearly 30 countries of the world.  The wait is absolutely unacceptable.  If there was such a thing as a choice of airports where I live  gates are always full.  It seems as though we always taxi a long distance for arrivals and departures.  I only have layovers here so cannot speak to traffic and parking.  Be sure to allow AT LEAST an hour for transfers.  I am usually running from E gates to C or B gates."  we were 2 tables away from an American Airlines Captain  and an F O who were also having breakfast. I was shocked at the foul language coming from both of them. Countess F bombs and just general lack of professionalism I would have expected from from AA. But  it's pretty average.  There are stands where travelers can charge their phones.  The food selection inside the terminal is pretty good as well I had a layover at this airport.  Seemed very clean and the staff was nice and helpful.  Plenty of good food options.  Bathrooms were clean. Food choices are abound here. Plenty of restrooms that are clean (despite the dude hawking the mouthwash cologne etc). Main complaint would be there idea of planning. Let's schedule 6 big jets to board at roughly the exact same time in the same area. There were SOOO many people in the small end of a terminal it felt claustrophobic and dangerous.  I have to say the airport itself is beautiful and not so large as to be overwhelming. I landed with about 15 minutes to make it to another terminal I'm updating this review as my last review due to me being a newb to Charlotte.  Charlotte-Douglas International has opened a new parking garage which is close enough to the airport that you do not have to take shuttles.  I'm now able to navigate my way around the airport and know where I am going.  Note that this came with experience.  Considering the construction that is going on at this time I think it can still be confusing for new comers. Best airport I've ever been to. The workers at security were extremely polite and there was no line! The facilities were very clean and there was a nice variety of food and shops to choose from. I had the best chicken salad sandwich I've ever had at Bella cafe (? I hope I'm remembering that correctly). Great experience especially since we were sad to be coming back home from vacationing in Charlotte. "Stopped here on a layover on my way to Jamaica. It's your typical airport but I appreciated it's cleanliness "I have flown out of this airport numerous times. I've always had a pleasant experience. This time I used southwest airlines A nice touch - Delta had an employee pushing a cart with mini bottles of Dasani water as we waited for our luggage at the wrong carousel. That was nice."  I decided to thank both this airport as well as the U.S. airways gate boarder (whatever you call those people in the green vests that help assist board the planes.) Do they work for the airline or the airport? O_o" New Improvements are Improving well!  Hardly a Norman Foster + Associates Design WE DONT NEED RESTROOM ATTENDANTS WATCHING ME PEE TRYING TO MAKE SMALL TALK WHILE I PEE SO I GIVE THEM MONEY. This practice is insulting to everyone involved. Every time I come here there's a poor looking gentleman in the men's room trying to hand me a paper towel and get a buck. No other airport I've seen does this and their restroom is just as clean. Also there are over weight angry women aggressively driving golf carts around. I couldn't make this up. I was walking to a terminal and this women started yelling BEEP BEEP at me driving up on me in a golf cart designed to transfer handy cap people but was full of what looked like overweight lazy people but I can't complain too much about them bc that will be me soon after eating from their extensive restaurant choices. There are many great available restaurants here. The flights seem to be on time and out of the estimated 30 times I've been here I've only had 2 gate changes. All in all a good airport.  and was so shocked to see they have a bathroom greeter who also cleans the whole thing like every five minutes while also providing water to guests... In the bathroom! We so don't have anything like this in Seattle LOL homegirl even accepts tips!!! Outside of the bathroom though 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  it's not a huge airport and they have rocking chairs to sit in. They have a few southern places to eat at like my favorite Bojangles and they even have a Pink Berry. I came across a few employees who weren't that friendly but that's okay because they were working and I was on my way to St. Lucia! On my way back from St. Lucia Customs tried to bust me but the joke was on them because I didn't have anything  Also North Carolina still has that backward ways of thinking when it comes to the color of your skin so keep that in mind." Always liked this airport. Not to big but not to small either. Plenty of food options. Nice modern art. They do a good job at keeping it clean. My two favorite spots are the USO long and the rocking chairs. The USO is top notch. You can tell they put a lot of work into it. This airport is kind of crappy and old in general. I'm glad I had to run through between flights. Wouldn't recommend flying through here if you can avoid it... Not if you are on USAir you can't :)  but there still is a bunch of room for improvement.  My one star will hopefully change that! :-)" Man this airport is bigger than I remember. Very few moving sidewalks or other means of moving to & from other terminals efficiently. People were running everywhere you looked to make their connections.  I hate this airport."  then make sure to take some time to explore the local cuisine." "Not too much to say about an airport other than it seems to transition from one concourse to another. Many moving sidewalks which kept my son entertained moving from one plane to another. Employees were phenomenal as well as the restaurants available in E Concourse. If you get a chance  and did miss my latest connection from Heathrow to MSP for the same reason. Customs was shockingly efficient but I still missed it. Never again. I will pay more to not have to worry about that in other airports." "This airport was not bad at all.  The layout is a little annoying but the tsa was actuality pretty fast here.  The car rental center was a little confusing to get to. The service here was fast and friendly.  It's US airways main hub Just got back from a vacation in Jamaica and was pleased at the customer service we received going through customs in Charlotte. I have read many reviews that say otherwise. But I would like to say our experience was great! Friendly and helpful people working the place-  all in all a good airport to use." The construction gave us an impromptu tour of the airport while we tried to return our rental car. We didn't come in the main entrance and there were signs for rental car return all along the road until we came to a fork in the road and there was no guidance on which way to go. We chose poorly and ended up driving around the place. Coming in through the main entrance Huge airport . I hate connecting flights . Seriously I get out in gate E and had to walk w my honey all the way to the other side of the airport to gate c . It took a good 20-30 mins to get across . By the time We got to the gate we had 10 mins till boarding . Didn't have anytime to stop to eat . Grabbed a Jamba  juice fast . Make connecting flights closer  friendly folks but the basic need of internet access has been completely overlooked. This is a basic need of business and non-business travelers alike. Internet is very cheap and should be provided accordingly. Someone at Charlotte Douglas International Airport has really dropped the ball I noticed a lot of the planes disembarking right on the runway - thought that was unique odd." The food selection is awesome and they have plenty of moving sidewalks to get you through the chaos faster!" "CLT was once quaint and welcoming. It is no longer. The ""courtesy"" cart drivers act like they transferred from PHL. There is often an out of service moving sidewalk. The urinals are always dirty because there isn't enough water to flush. I am considering switching airlines so I no longer have to connect through CLT. It is a dump."  U.S. Airways gate agents in terminal e(especially at e15) and the pizza restaurant all need to be trained in customer service." The terminals are close enough.. No need to worry about skytrain transfers - phew! Clean toilets with mints to freshen up  this is a pretty simple airport.  I noticed too they have plenty of Starbucks I've travelled around the world and I have to say that this airport has the rudest TSA. It's sad to think people are treated better in foreign countries than here in a place they call home. The TSA at this airport takes the hold from bullying the elderly to nasty comments  but that's a given for an airport.  I love the rocking chairs set up by all the windows!  There are quite a few stations to plug in your devices  much do to layovers rather than leaving from or going to destinations. With that being said I have been to a few terminals and gates ad Charlotte Douglas International and for the most part have no complaints about the airport. Professional  but very welcoming lady's in the bathroom handing out candy and mouthwash."   people seem friendly  but the airport seems narrow so it looks crowded." Food options are pretty good. I think the choices in terminals themselves are better than in the main atrium." My first time experience here wasn't too bad. It's an airport; there's nothing really exciting when you are shoveling around to catch the connecting flight. I give it five bc there was a lady in the bathroom that made sure stalls were ready for use and cleaned what was dirty. I got lost and a lady was there to my rescue. Yay!  there were lots of cute dudes just wandering around. Just saying. These are the things that really matter." "Has anybody ever caught a connection here that was on time? It's a great place if you want a cardio workout There are a lot of food places to choose from and a few shops to peruse if you need to kill time during a layover. It's clean and fairly thoughtfully laid out with plenty of seating and no shortage of outlets for charging devices. It's decently large though so if possible "Worst airport experience. If you are picking someone up and their flight gets delayed prepare to wait in baggage with a small newspaper kiosk and bathrooms and nothing else. There's no restaurant outside security except a Starbucks. Why can't they realize that people either picking someone up and waiting around or waiting with someone who is about to board a plane would like to visit before heading to security. Maybe put in an Applebee's or Chilis outside security...that place would make a lot of money. Seems like a good idea. Oh wait this is Charlotte NC It's an airport.  At least it has more people working than in CAE were I'm from.  Long term parking is pretty cheap ($5 day).  Lots of direct flights.  if not more. Given that the post security accommodations tend to get less fanfare than pre-security." I landed internationally and had to make it through customs and security in less than an hour-twenty to make my connection.  Maybe being seated towards the front helped  and still was able to make it from Concourse B to E in plenty of time to board my final flight. Thank God for the people movers! I always like going here. The staff is incredibly friendly and there are plenty of little shops and restaurants to visit if you have a lengthy layover." The bad: I sit in airplanes on the Tarmac without a gate after landing way more often here than anywhere else. It has been that way for years. It caused missed connections. You would that could be addressed?"  stay in the airport. The surrounding area is pretty crappy."  but are acceptable. I am not sure if there is free WiFi or not."  TCBY and a Dale Jr. restaurant are all present. Celebrity sightings are a regular thing. You'll probably get bumped by a packed full courtesy cart - nobody over the age of 80 can walk this epic stretch of 70s carpeting." This midsized airports is my favorite layover destination." UPDATE CHECK IN 2:  There are plenty of restaraunts and places to stop to drink and eat.   Airport is very clean and surprisingly big. Not as cold as time before.   They earned themselves 2 more starts after a 30 minute walk around"  I just had some bad experiences here. Just be sure to give yourself much more than a 45 minute to an hour layover time."  there's a little more construction done. It's a breeze to pull in and drop off. Parking to come in with someone flying out is a different story. No places even remotely close to park. The new entrance to airport from 85 is Little Rock Road.You can still go Billy Graham Parkway but this is quicker.Brings you past car park lots and cell phone lot right to terminal. The terminals themselves are very nice  the TSA employee decided it would be a good idea to have a five-minute friendly chat with the people in front of me before they put their stuff on the conveyor belt.  Airport security is not the place for socializing! Some of us would actually like to get home to our families.  Needless to say  just a number no big deal forget customer service or even compassion. We then waited in long long lines at the security systems that scanned our passports and then to the immigration desk. Then re-checkin luggage and went through security line again. Now we know why they needed 3 hr layover time. So we boarded the next plane to DCA only to be told there was an issue with engine sucking oil at a greater speed than expected so we had to deplane and wait for another plane for 2 more hours. Total travel of what could be 5 turned into almost 12 hrs. Note to self to avoid this airport at all costs."  you're usually on a 10-15 minute minimum delay when departing- probably due to the high volume of flights??? Anyways  all of the runways are north south so you have an awesome view of the city if you're on the correct side of the plane." I especially loved walking through the concourse between gates where there were rocking chairs beneath trees. This was BEAUTIFUL and very southern feeling. Much nicer than the chaos from the previous airport I'd been to a few hours earlier. I enjoyed my brief visit." - quick ride to downtown :)" My first and last time at this airport."   so beware. The sad thing is that ""who ever you are"" you make it bad for your co-workers who really deserved theirs jobs.. I'm giving it one star not because of the airport  the lines are always super long and I saw non US citizens get through quicker without having to use machine scan for passport. What? After going through all of that I was forced back through TSA to have my luggage scanned again and then off to find my gate. A 45 minute layover will not allow you enough time if you are connecting from an international flight. Be warned!  While I love the airports beautiful up keep and variety of businesses  not a big deal. BATHROOM ATTENDANTS?  Is this real or am I having an involuntarily hallucinogenic trip that I didn't know about or possibly a stroke? This has to be a reality show hidden camera experiment. I'm at the airport and there is a bathroom attendant with mints "Always so busy coming through here.  People bumbling about and not enough space for them to do so.  The layout causes a lot of congestion and being  a hub for some major airlines  it was nice. The flight attendant who was riding standby said the food is good and the best prices around."  but handles the cars and buses much better. Over the last few years they've added a new runway and plan on another one soon. My hope is that Charlotte understands growth and is able continue to improve their services as it happens. I don't know if that is possible "They have bathroom attendants now. It threw me off guard when I walked in. She had your typical mouthwash  I would definitely try one of the many sit- down restaurants. It was a nice place to have a layover." Delayed flights all around and sharing seating with another gate is ridiculous. Had to watch my step or else I would've stepped on someone. Only redeeming thing was Bojangles. The only thing that's negative about this airport is the baggage claim area. You'll wait forever! Plus they do not let you know where to go to find your bags until the belt starts moving which creates a group gathering at the tv monitor."  interracial & retiree neighborhood to dump its jet noise and exhaust on. Catawba Heights NC was a quiet community until 12 2014 when a new concentrated low altitude departure path was directed through it. This new airport flight path design harms children's health and shortens the lives of seniors all to (supposedly) save the airlines a few dollars in fuel expense. $s for human life."  in-and out very easily. Easy to get around and many dining options to buy some food before a flight." Anywho... Safe travels people" "The actual airport is great. The workers however suck balls. I dropped a loved one off at the drop off area. As I hopped back onto my car 30seconds later I was yelled at by security to move forward. Wow to the fact that I am dropping a loved one off and can't even watch them walk onto the sidewalk let alone add an address into my GPS. Anyway A nice airport with lots of great dining options. This airport is pretty modern and has a lot of daily traffic. My only complaint is that it is spread out horizontally and it always seems like my connection is at the other side of the airport. Be sure to give yourself plenty of time to connect because if you get delayed it may be hard to reach your connecting gate in time. The 1st copilot has apparently gone missing and our plane is delayed. I expect to see him sprinting down Concourse E shortly." There's lots of seating to be found. There are even rocking chairs! Which I love. The airport's got free wi-fi so you won't get too bored while you wait for your flight. I've never had any issues with rude staff or security here. Overall I once saw George Foreman here!  :) #mylameclaimtofame" Compared to the other nearby hubs (cough The rocking chairs that line the concourse are a nice touch as are the attendants and the mints and mouthwash in the restrooms (don't forget to leave a tip--it must be a demanding job)."  bathroom attendants that like to watch you pee or they enjoy the casual  talk while you take a crap.  You board the planes like you did back in the 50s outside in the rain and snow.  My flights average  93% late on arrivals and departures "Word to the wise. Park yourself. These idiots at business valet and curbside valet can't figure anything out. Do nOt tip first before car return. 3 tries An odd note - they have rocking chairs you can sit in lol I didn't get a chance to try them The terminal that houses US air is pretty cramped as far as all the gates next to each other and announcements can be a little confusing!" Their general concourse piano player could use so tuning up though." Flight was delayed leaving for 35 minutes due partially to US Airways poor planning and a big backup for take-off. Apparently that's common looking at a flight tracker and average departure times." "I have never had a smooth experience here - be it an hour wait on the runway or having to bolt thru the airport full-speed to make my connection Maybe I will be able to update when I spend more time... Lol!"  and people watch. Also nice is the American Airlines Admirals Club if you are lucky enough to have a membership. Good coffee I had to walk all the way to E21 Gate. We need Shuttle Service here. Other than that it's Great  shop or all of the above. Pending on the time you have before boarding. So if you ever have to come to Charlotte or go thru CLT for travel "It was a smooth checkin . No delays with the flight. Plane staff were professional and courteous. I slept through most of the flight PS: Free Wi-Fi for 45 minutes!" Headed home. The airport is clean and easy to navigate - great access to rental cars and a decent collection of food options. The rocking chairs in the main terminal - they definitely rock.  it's not the biggest airport  you'd think they would serve you a bit faster. There are a lot of options to choose from in each terminal. There's signs and maps everywhere. I also appreciate the layout for being easy to navigate. The only downfall in my opinion  and all the terminals are connected so you never have a Denver type situation where you're panicking waiting for the tram. The walkway in the terminals is very wide  natural light. Love the long line of traditional rocking chairs set out under trees. Why not set a spell and enjoy a sweet tea Need more working USB connections for the American Airlines waiting rooms. And it wouldn't hurt if there were more electrical outlets as well. Nice airport with all that you would need for an airport. Check in and security lines seem to be no issue when I've flown from here. Mostly clean from what I've noticed.  you'll also begin to notice rocking chairs in public places and start laughing for no reason. Example: Northlake Mall. I love the South." Free flowing crowd -- hospitable staff and a Starbucks nearby -- Winning!! I love that there multiple seating areas around for when you get exhausted from walking   flight  with fast access to car rentals. The only thing I found missing was a Chick-Fil-A." Good airport lots of food options security line moved quick but was thorough and easy to get in and out of. Flying in bags came super fast which was nice.  Overall enjoyable trip to and from this airport. What makes this place unique is their numerous rocking chairs available Worst wifi of any airport! Do your customers at KCLT a favor and dump Boingo wireless as the wifi provider. They provide very poor wifi unless you pay them an outrageous fee for premium wifi. Other businesses charging such rates would be shut down and the owners tossed in prison! Dump Boingo or 1 star forever!  and free Wi-Fi.  The only complaint I have is if you are flying in a small plane from somewhere nearby to make a connection for a longer flight  it's possible you'll miss your connection just because you couldn't hall yourself across the airport fast enough on your own two feet." Go Charlotte. Go Charlotte Douglas airport!" "Large airport with lots of flights to many cities.  American (USAIR previously) ""owns"" the place since it is their hub. There are many restaurants and shops. You can have a hike between gates.  Most times my walk was between .5 and .9 miles.  Thank you fitbit.  They have moving sidewalks.  Food is not as expensive as Atlanta." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  to a maze of ropes for no reason. Is there an Airport 101 consulting company that can come out and fix this airport???"  from what I saw of the airport as it blurred past me was: rocking chairs  staff is very helpful. The restaurants and pubs inside are very nice and off quite the variety of food types. They also offer many local beers in a few spots throughout the airport. Security is pretty flawless and quick." Staff around the airport is very friendly also.  I suggest if you need to connect somewhere to your final destination "Meh...not my favorite NC airport but it does the trick.  The line for security is always horrendously long...more so than Greensboro or Raleigh Durham.  There are decent food options and usually plenty of seating at most of the gates.  I'm not a fan of the long term parking situation because I really don't like shuttles...but they are building more parking garages close to the terminal  the airport looked quite nice." a bit congested and the golf carts shuttling peeps around were constantly getting stopped with all the congestion.  outdated decor.  not enough seats by the gate area.  lots of selection to grab a bite.  made it feel like more than an airport.  There were shops and food options to keep me interested and fed while waiting for my flight.  The TSA was actually quite efficient - thank you for having a proper TSA Pre-Check line!"  some of Charlotte's best food is here. The new market by terminal A features all the best beers and raw bar (so you don't have to venture to terminal D to get your last NoDa beer on tap before you leave Charlotte. There's a big daddy's burger bar for the best burger in town and of course bojangles if your craving for fried chicken kicks in. All in all  especially when traveling from north. Good to stretch legs  good dining selections.  Oppressively warm (for December) in the terminal departing to UK though...someone open a window."  and listened to the pianist. There were several options to eat and some shops. People were friendly. The bathrooms have awesome attendants. It's clean. If this is any indication of the Charlotte vibe "This is a nice airport with a reasonably fast security checkpoint. I flew Delta and they were woefully understaffed at their counters which slowed me down quite a bit. Other than that  on the plus side there are many many restaurants and boutiques and mainland stores for the shoppers heart. There's also a yummy Starbucks at almost every terminal Here is the deal. American check c closest to my gate was 1st class only (no pre check either) so I trekked to the next which required back tracking. There are no overhead signs warning you of this . Waste of time. Then I go to the bathroom and there are attendants looking for tips? Is this a night club or an airport? Horrible avoid the American terminal at all cost! Charlotte's airport make traveling and connecting a very smooth and agreeable experience :) thank you!"  or leaving the airport. Always being captive inside the airport waiting on my next flight I have found this airport to be satisfactory. The center part where the main food court is has rocking chairs and sometimes entertainment. Overall the food options are adequate. This facility does not have a tram or rail system so you have to walk wherever you go. There are moving escalators that help but this is still a sprawling airport and be sure to allow enough time to get from one end to the other." I'm not a big fan of this airport." They have a broad array of restaurants and the security was much better than that of EWR or JFK. Overall a really good experience" uQjOgpHV49tmZNmbXyXL7Q I napped for a couple of hours behind the gate podium at E1.  Then sat in a rocking chair by farmers market listening to the nice music watching the smiling people walk by"  this airport is always an experience. Unfortunately if I want to go home But if you are weirded out by bathroom attendants and tip jars No communication here what so ever.  The flight changed twice already and the idiots at the gate are just as pathetic. Do your damn job.  I would prefer this airport over the other international airports in NC SC GA."  that about sums it up. Yeah."  and I normally arrive at my destination Gate thirsty and sweating profusely.  Every time I go through here I arrive at Gate C and my departing flight is at Gate E.  It makes for a lot of peeps getting to their connecting flights late and unhappy Everything else here was ho hum after traveling from Vegas.  The bathrooms here also seemed to be always broken or being cleaned.  I don't know what that is all about.  This is the biggest reason for their 3 star.  They would be lower if it wasn't for the cinnamon roll under the plane while rocking.  Most people in airports need to learn to slow down and take it all in.  I think they will enjoy life more."  but most likely it's due to an un-thorough reading of the signage...  Starbucks near Gate A is pretty quick and gets you in and out.  My only dislike is all of the baggage claim exits except one are open after 9pm.  Most of the time I arrive back on a late flight and have to take a long journey just to get to baggage claim as the other exits are closed- this is really tedious if you arrive at any of the ""E"" gates.  Oh yeah Ok it's an airport and TSA is involved so that pretty destroys an resemblance and easiness and normalacy. Once through security you have plenty of choices for good food and drinks. It's an airport so it ain't gonna be cheap so be prepared. Our flight from Charlotte left on time; boarding was easy. Overall I really liked this modern airport. I wouldn't mind another NC layover."  I have been to waaaay worse. Everyone clogs up at the c security checkpoint when D & E are virtually empty."  and shopping. I was almost disappointed that our layover was too short to explore the airport because it was so nice!"  there is hardly ever a wait down at the E security entry point...especially for pre-check."  lots of signs and clear locations. The layout is simple. Nice I had a lay over here and is actually a bigger airport than I expected. It was easily to navigate around terminals since I had a short layover. I noticed a lot of variety for food and drinks while here but didn't get a chance to get anything. My brother arrived  today from Germany and was ordered around by immigration at your airport. Plenty of open booths without lines but no he had to wait in line to show his passport while officers were too busy attending to their cell phones or bossing arriving foreigners. He is a businessman leaving lots of money in your city. Not a nice welcome especially on NFL playoff day. Hopefully Lufthansa will terminate flying to a city that does not welcome German nationals.   and they have no clue about how to move people through. I apps this whenever possible.  Casual travelers actually love it "My first time at Charlotte Douglas Airport. Very nice. Why had a wheelchair in our party and not only did the attendant help us with our luggage I think the bathrooms are too small and cramped.  Not sure what I think about the ""bathroom attendants.""  They are ready for upgrading."  their quick and frequent free shuttles connecting  folks between parking lots to the airport. Staffs are generally friendly and helpful. Lots of new constructions going on lately for improvements. They also offer 45 minutes of free WiFi." I like this airport. It's modern with many shops and restaurants. The central terminal is a hub of activity and great for people watching. The real trees and rocking chairs are a nice touch. Music plays at a tolerable volume. The five concourses branch out from the terminal. Very walkable airport with quick & easy car rentals - and no bus to ride.  drove right away. It wasn't a busy time and no cars were waiting for my spot but I understand they need to keep it moving. I pulled out and away and realized I didn't know which way I was headed so I moved towards the end and pulled over to SAFELY put the address in the nav. 45 seconds later he walks alllll the way down to yell at me and say he's giving me a ticket because he told me once and if I needed to put that in my nav I should have done it at the other end. I told him again I just needed to put the address in the nav system because I didn't know where I was and how to get there and his response was that he was going to give me a ticket. I then asked him if he could just tell me which direction to go - he only cared about telling me he was giving me a ticket because he mentioned it three more times." My home airport. It's always fun to people watch. I typically don't spend a lot downtime here and never have a connection since I fly from and back. I love the rocking chairs. They give a glimpse of southern charm. The restrooms throughout the airport are also some of the cleanest I know. They all have attendants who clean and wipe down surfaces frequently. There is free WiFi as well throughout for 45 minutes." My home airport. It's always fun to people watch. I typically don't spend a lot downtime here and never have a connection since I fly from and back. I love the rocking chairs. They give a glimpse of southern charm.  grab something quick and typical airport convenient stores. It's larger than I thought but getting around wasn't an issue at all. I wouldn't mind traveling through here again." This is the longest I've ever waited to get through security and they refused to open another lane. And I'm from NEW YORK! They were blaming it on people not taking liquids out of their bags but I saw them Turning the machines on and off and just laughing and taking their time. They do realize this is an airport and everyone is generally pretty stressed out as it is. They could be more efficient and more considerate. It's not our fault you work for the TSA and are miserable. It was as if they saw how long the line was and didn't care. Unfortunate. Really unfortunate.  and so are the airline employees (again for the most part). You can find anything you're craving  we all waited while the belt was halted until someone brought more plastic bins to place our belongings in. We BARELY made our connecting flight PS. Taking a cab was very easy and quick than in the others airports that I have been in this country." They have white rocking chairs all over the place and it's fun to see folks using them. It instantly gives a different vibe." Rocking chairs are throughout the airport to kick back and calm your nerves while you wait for your flight. This is my home airport and it's always an easy go getting through security in a reasonable amount of time. Parking...3-6 days use the Daily East West Deck. Longer use the long term parking but allow an extra 15 minutes for travel to the airport. Be advised when you get back the Daily East West deck buses cycle through three times the rate as the others so it costs more but faster." This airport has many airlines to get you to your wide array of destinations on your next family fun or business trip." Nothing really bad to say about the terminal I was in." "They took WAY too long to deliver luggage for a small airport; I'm from Atlanta and they'd never keep up.  With that being said they offered water and mints while waiting which goes a long way.  I also don't like the moving walkways  look for the security check point that is marked the same as your terminal. It will get you there that much quicker."  just leave time in-between connections. Can be quite busy as a hub  Yes there will be nice TSA agents. Its an airport. The new parking structure is nice. Long term takes a Long term to reach via the shuttle. I always fly American for work so having the American Hub here is nice. And they just extended their contract to keep their hub here! Whoo! Overall I would say that there are more nice people working here than rude. Its nothing like JFK or Chaicago staff. Much more ""Southern Charm"" like." "Overly crowded.  Often see people sitting on the floor at some gates.  Quite a few men restroom has ""attendant"" standing in the bathroom handing out paper towels for tips.  What is this airport trying to do?  A high class experience for men in the bathroom with personal service???  Men urinal have no dividers.  Few actual stalls.  The airport environment feels very rushed and stressful.  If I have a choice  both times would great each person that walked in & blessed everyone as they walked out; there was also a section  towards the bathroom entrance that provided all kinds of toiletries TSA Precheck in B.  Who the heck thought this up?  it is 3 PM and the line is past the American Check in Counters.  There are only two lines in the inspection area and no one is moving.  Went to the regular line and was through in less than 5 minutes.  There were several of us PreCheck in the regular line...all commenting the same thing....Why? Nice looking airport but not enough space between the terminals.  Liked the area with the trees and rocking chairs.  But they need to just about double the areas by the gates. No room at all and those golf carts come though every 5 minutes and can't get through the sea of humanity. Bad planning. Thanks to AA I was stuck here all night with nothing to drink and sleeping in a chair.  Please have machines available after hours when customers are forced to sleep in the airport.  but I was treated like a criminal. It brought me to tears.  Then when I got to the entrance check to get on the plane the guy working the boarding told me I was not allowed to have my purse as an extra carryon bag. I fly frequently in and out of the States and I never had anyone to advise that my purse is a carry on. I've flown all over the world and I can say this was the WORST experience I have ever had to deal with. Hope to Never come back through Charlotte Douglas international airport."  and they were on the complete opposite ends of the airport from one another. And I had to run back once i found out my standby flight wasn't going to make it "I had a stop over from an international flight from Curacao. We were not allowed to disembark from our flight as the small international arrival hall was full. A passenger told me this is common. The wait was not long and I swiftly passed through customs and immigration using my Global Entry.  That's where the speedy entry ended. The Pre Check TSA line was 30 minutes long. The regular line was empty BUT we were not allowed to migrate over. Made NO SENSE. Then  this one doesn't have a tram or train to take you between the terminals. I had 40 minutes to make my connection rom gate A to E and I made it just fine Gets even better. The airport closes at 1am. Can't stay in terminal. American Airlines didn't tell people that. Now everyone by baggage claim trying to figure out when we can go back though security." I hadn't fully realized what you had done or I would have cancelled my ticket before hand.  I was shocked to grasp the full extent of it while speaking with my friend on the phone before they closed the door to the plane while sitting on the tarmac at CLT.  It made me angry and made me happy that I was just passing through to California.  I thought you had moved beyond your history of violence and discrimination  and restrooms were easy to find- no tram needed. Employees that I encountered were friendly and chipper. The pianist in the food court was awesome. If it wasn't for the planes outside and everyone rushing around with their luggage  then you have to wait another 30+ to get a shuttle to terminal 4. Inside they have a lot of food choices which is nice there's a variety. TSA seems to be always backed up I think they need to add more lanes because they seem to not have enough coverage for us travelers."  CLT has to be the easiest to fly in and out of.  Airport has a great selection of restaurants - actually hate that you can only visit when flying.  The walks are short from the gates to baggage claim and never seems to be a long wait for luggage unlike some airports They have a very easy layout between terminals not to get lost.  The high ceilings make the airport seem more spacious than what it is.  It's a nice looking airport inside.  I would like to see more local business come to this airport. Something other the the Carolina Pit BBQ would be nice.  They also need to update some of their restrooms."  just wish there was better food options to sit and eat at.  Nice pianist in the main food court area.  Really small walkways  they are all scuffed up from people leaning on them due to lack of chairs. Carpet needs to be replace with tile so they can keep clean. Almost all th restaurant we walked buy had huge lines" My flight left on time!" First and hopefully last time connecting through here."  probably the busiest in the east coast. I really hope they can finish the new terminal they've been talking about soon. I really like the fact that you can park your car in the main deck and just walk over to the terminal  os banheiros tambm estavam super limpos. Em frente aos portes de embarque tinham mesas com tomadas pra carregar o celular ou notebook. Tambm tinha Wi-fi liberado!"  however I hate how busy it has become. They are constructing more buildings but there needs to be a quicker way through security." I have traveled to and from the airport several times this year. Although it's not the worst airport I have been to it ranks up there. My biggest complaint is they need to add a few employee break rooms as all the employee take breaks in the gate area where there is already limited seating. I don't see this at any other airports.  take some deep breaths before entering."  MI however the 7:30am flight was delayed one more time till 9:08am. So finally after 16 hours of being in the very dirty airport I got out of there. I won't mention the airline because I truly feel it's the airport and not the airlines fault. There were circumstances as to why all the flights were cancelled which ranged from weather to crew members not showing up Worst airport ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Delays for no reason and no accommodations after being pushed back to the next day for a flight. The lady told me I could sleep on the floor for my 12 hour layover! Hahahaha. What a joke! Now I'm on the first flight out and it's delayed AGAIN!!!!!!!!! Fuck this bullshit airport. Unless you want to be extremely delayed  or miss your connection I do NOT recommend!  but you'll fly through in 20 minutes or less usually. There's a great selection of food & plenty of places to charge while you wait. If you're gonna be stuck in an airport with strangers Crazy busy airport! It's like a small city inside. Loved all of the shops and eateries. Everything was clean and well-tended. My main gripe is the assumption that everyone travels - I had to walk across the tarmac to get on (and off) my plane and had no idea where to go and not a soul in site to let me know it was ok to go in the door that had warnings all over it (or to tell me which plane to board)  and sent me to the main terminal for customer service. The agent at customer service in CLT was absolutely rude and did not care to be there not care to help. She rudely asked me why I missed my connection and that she would need to get permission to change my flight and provide a hotel voucher. This hotel voucher was for the Econolodge at the airport. I took photos of the shower with long black hairs strung to the walls. Disgusting when you are forced to stay somewhere else at the account of American Airlines. The driver that picked me up from CLT for Econolodge shuttle was going 55 in a 35 and slammed on the breaks when he passed a speed trap. He said all these drivers in Charlotte suck at driving. Really professional. This partnership should be revisited. I wish #AmericanAirlines and #Econolodge would correct their wrongs and provide safer and cleaner conditions to trapped passengers." I'd recommend a layover almost anywhere else"  and more than a handful Starbucks for your Java fix. Don't be afraid to layover at this airport."  the flight was delayed... How long? Know body knows! It's for maintenance... Can you guesstimate so we can get food or something? Nah  TSA and sped walk to my gate I made my flight. Unfortunately numerous people on my previous flight did not end up making it so there were a bunch of vacant spots on the plane. No thanks CLT. Never again."  however never enough seats to sit in or outlets to charge phones. People sitting on floors and anyplace they can find." Constant delays to get a gate and an enormously overcrowded terminal make this airport a disaster "Nice! - Folks @ Customs were extremely nice & caring. I lost my ""Slip"" & they were totally cool about it. Overall - its a pretty efficient place."  as it's nearing two weeks of silence. But just wanted to put the word out there to warn everyone that the Lost and Found department at CLT is useless. Remember to hold tight to your belongings!" Worst airport for baggage.  Extremely slow for American on C terminal.  Thanks for wasting 45 minutes of my travel time.  and said ""SO?!!""  It took over 10 minutes for a female TSA to do the job and they did not follow TSA guidelines of keeping my bags with me after it went through the scanner.  This is my 4th opt out pat down this week so I'm used to it but I'm not used to the terrible remarks and rudeness of TSA here.  So Overall layout of the airport is pretty well executed compared to some I've been in. Staff isn't too bad. And as always TSA sucks.."  y el gran nmero de enchufes para poder trabajar mientras esperas tu conexin. Wi-fi gratis 45 minutos." Good food options after TSA. I have Pre-check and the line took over 15 minutes in a Wed. Afternoon. I thought Miami was bad but they are seriously slow and or understaffed. I am moving my family in the next year and was considering Charlotte  and the long walks (nothing compared to Philly intn'l terminal. I needed a snack). Overall  Parmesan encrusted chicken over roasted asparagus.  It came with a delightful salad of greens with tiny mango pieces in a fabulous vinaigrette.  Very happy with it and with our server Karl."  but here. The reason being is: most flights sit on tarmac waiting for space at the gate at least 30-40 min;  making you and your family late for your connections. Since you have to recheck your bags. Second Also glad it has a USO located on the second floor of the Atrium." This is a large airport and getting around it can take you some time.  If you have plenty of time on your hands this can be a relaxing place for a layover because it has many amenities and those old fashioned rocking chairs everyone dotes over (actually really relaxing).  Staff could be friendlier but I suppose it is hit or miss and which day you travel on.  lots of options to eat and drink.  Lounge on the rocking chairs in the main hub." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  no changing tables in the men's restroom? What century are we in here? Get with the program!"  silly thing that makes your airport appear old fashioned." "Great little airport. Employees are always friendly and give you that southern charm you would expect in the carolinas. The airports just large enough to offer good amenities like a central atrium with food choices and lots of spots to relax like the rocking chairs next to Windows. I have never experienced problems at security  I like to just sit in a rocking chair in the atrium and listen to the piano music.  There are good food options and a few good shops."  and clean bathrooms). The weird annoying part are the bathroom attendants that stare (creepsters) at you near the tip jar and Listerine dispenser!? Star deduction." I love the signage and the number of people movers this airport had. (I also love that people tend to walk on them instead of stand."  so I can't comment on the baggage claim or rental car facilities." I got in late (around midnight) and it was strange that they crammed 5 simultaneously arriving flights into two baggage claims even though there were another few carousels that were not in use at the same time in the same area...hence the 4 stars instead of 5." This is one of the nicest airports I've been to past airport security. Today was national iced tea day and the airport was giving free iced tea to everyone.  They have a live piano player and dogs to pet for the passengers! I was very impressed with the selection of the concessions and restaurants at CLT! The bathrooms have bathroom attendants keeping them clean and have mouthwash too! This is a great place to spend a little bit of time if you got stuck...  where the heck am I supposed to park then?? I drove into Long Term 1 while the sign said OPEN and yet circled around for 15 minutes One other beef that I have with the Charlotte Airport is the lengthy lines that planes must go through after pushing out of the gate before taking off. As an American Airline frequent flyer  busy here. Gorgeous sunset people running around to their flights.  Different feel then on the island people are rushed now.  Hate being back in the rat race."  Va.  Free WiFi for 45 minute intervals.  Moving walkway escalators make getting to terminals easier and quicker.  Plenty of food vendors throughout.  Clean and efficient Airport.  I'll be back through soon."  lol. You're in one gate and out the other! And it seems that every plane that leaves from here is a shaky crop duster! Always a scary thought when I see this place on my itinerary. Flights from this place always leave me feeling like I'm going to fall from the sky!" 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg My main gripe is Delta's presence. They are relegated to a bit player "Decent airport with a somewhat logical layout. There are different concourses and dedicated security lines in front of each. They all feed into the same open area. Security was quite slow and the charging stations were not great A very friendly AA gate agent told me once on a flight from Wilmington to Charrllote that this airport is hug layover airport for a lot of the passengers. She had to be right because at 10pm local time this airport was packed with people transferring from one gate to another. I was among those passengers and must say that I did not have a problem finding my new gate on the other side of the airport. The airport is clean and has a huge number of restaurants including a great sushi place next to terminal B My first flight out of Charlotte and a lady where you check your baggage yelled at me because I was having issues checking a bag. If I got her name I would've reported her. She didn't make my experience at this airport the best. A very sweet lady assisted me and made sure I got to where I needed to get. Watch out for the angry lady with American Airline where you check your bags. I know there's not much you can do when it comes to choosing your airports "What's with the tipping in the loos? I can't even use the restroom without feeling guilty for passing the attendant with his tipping jar at the door Id rather and will go through ORD next time I have to connect." I like this airport! It's big but well maintained and has a TON of shopping and dining options. I have TSA Precheck and it LITERALLY took 3 mins to get through security!! There are rocking chairs spaces throughout the terminal to relax on and free wifi. The rents car facility is just outside the terminal which is nice. Design is a 2. Everything is far and there is more carpet than tile. Even with my top of the line wheels this place slows me down." Airport was clean along with restrooms. Our tickets said gate D and at the last minute they changed it to C. We were half way to C then they announced the change. We purchased a sandwich and yogurt for $15.00 way over priced! As we boarded the plane I told the flight attendant I wanted to sit next to my son they had us all split the person sitting next to me agreed to switch seats. We got a free drink and small bag of pretzels. Take off was delayed by 10 minutes.  and on top of that the wifi sucks! To get wifi you must create an account with the website Boingo. I never heard of this website so I'm not creating an account just to connect. I'll rather use my data to scroll my social media. With the charging situation I am really depressed because I have a delayed flight and there is not a single outlet to be found. I'm used to airports in Cali where every seat has a charger."  though they could use more options for coffee aside from Starbucks and perhaps some more vegetarian options.  But No interview slot available at CLT Global Entry office for months; don't waste your $100 to apply; this is another government scam to take more money from each of us."  and friendliness of the workers. They have housekeeping- restroom attendants in the bathroom with mints and other great items." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  easy to navigate through airport. I just wish the gates weren't so close. It was hell when two flights were boarding and they were side by side"  greasy food"". Isn't that ideal before a bumpy flight?" Hopefully when you visit you get to catch someone playing as well. I've connected here plenty of times and I've never had an issue with security or staff Overall not a terrible airport." Terrible travel experience because of poor American Airlines customer service and a rude desk agent named John G. Southern hospitality is apparently dead in NC. Avoid connecting through Charlotte at all costs. This airport terrible unorganized the workers are not knowledgeable about anything from the flights to the connecting flights I swear this is last time ever connecting from Charlotte NC Flights always delayed. Sit by gate with constant beeping of golf cars. Noisy crowded and hot + the food I've tried have been pretty bad."  but I was impressed with this airport. They also had several cute rocking chairs around the windows so that you could sit and watch the other planes take off. Bathrooms were well maintained  the last highlight is probably something unique that I have not experienced in another airport. It definitely threw me off initially 