 and inquisitive which is important in his practice. Overall my experience with Dr. Saavedra and Allergy Associates is that it's a good medical office that is able to meet a person's needs in terms of allergies." vDftL4Exl7ZcMVx2aPY8mQ  DON'T TAKE YOUR CHILDREN!!!  My daughter was misdiagnosed and spent two years on a medication she didn't need!  Words cannot describe how angry I was when I found this out through a reputable allergist.  I suspect that they are receiving kickbacks from pharmaceutical companies They have no courtesy or manners what so ever." This place was the only place to tell me what my chest tightness actually was. And no it was not simple asthma. They take their time with you in the room and listen to all symptoms not the ones that just they deal with all day. Everyone is helpful even the staff.  don't bother going here. My wife has been here several times and it can take her hours to get through a appointment.  Find another doctor."  literally haha ($90 for an allergy test with good insurance). I researched it after and the intradermal test they used to diagnose me is miserably inaccurate (they definitely didn't mention it though). I was falsely diagnosed positive and was given further treatment recommendations. Also abysmally long wait times. If you really need a test that will accurately show what you are allergic to you truly need to do a blood test at a well reviewed and reputable health clinic  but whenever I have to deal with the front window it's aggravating.  They have you fill out a document for a change as simple as a phone number.  My insurance administrator changed She saw my til 1208. At 1215 I went to the front and told them I had to leave. The front desk lady told me that ""she's a specialist so you have to expect she'll take a while."" My thought: then you better schedule like she takes a while." Overall I've had worse experiences at the doctor and overall find this office to be efficient and generally pleasant." "I've been seeing Dr. Keightley ever since my family moved here in 1990.  He is simply the best.  His office provides allergy shots in addition to their normal services and I would definitely recommend them to anyone who struggles with allergies Dr. Keightley is a hidden jewel in the valley. Very smart and knowledgable.  Small office with staff. You are actually seen on time!!!!! My 4 year old and Myself are going through allergy shots and the nurse does a great job with both of us.  because the lady forgot to do the other testing. My total bill was over $500 and mind you I have insurance through a Fortune 500 company. I called and left a message for Gina which she never called after two weeks so I finally called back. She was rude and said she had been doing this for 15 years and would barely let me get a word in. I don't recommend this allergist at all. They said that as an adult it's hard to detect allergies through the blood (which would have been one visit) so they had me do the tests on site. No wonder  runny nose and all and the doctor chuckles and says ""I'm trying to figure out why you are here to see me."" Literally those were his words. I blew it off. He advised that they would do one set of tests on day one and I had to come back to do a second set of tests on day two. This is because they only test on the arms and there wasn't enough arm space. When I asked the doctor why he doesn't test anywhere else on the body he told me it was simply so his patients could see the results  friendly and very thorough.  Ingrid and Celeste really get to know the patients and are wonderful with children who might be frightened when it come to shots.  I'm prone to sinus infections and when i could not get into see my primary care physician he had no problem checking me out that day and got me started on anti-biotics." 