We are new to the area but really enjoyed our first season w Strikers.  Super nice office staff & they really seem to love the game & encourage the kids to Have fun & enjoy the game.  The format is slightly different...more like an indoor set up w the walls but it makes for a faster always moving game & helps to improve skills at a faster pace. "I can't tell you how many parents iv spoken to that were horrified at the methodology this organization uses to ""teach"" children soccer. They teach violence aggression competitiveness shame and all the things you don't want your child to take away from an activity you enroll them in so they be introduced to a world-recognized sport they can enjoy for life."  and hockey.  They also have a skating rink and they offer sport or inflatable birthday parties with food(pizza or hotdogs).  They have a full service gym also and offer daycare while you workout." It was very clean throughout and the employees did a great job of being attentive. I found this location to be laid out much better than the one in Ballantyne. I also thought it was much cleaner.  I will definitely be taking my family back here!"  who practices business in NV and CA without a license and refuse to follow required Federal laws related to collecting debts. I don't dispute owing them but can't get to anyone who can make decisions beyond Cindy in Customer Service. The experience that I have had and the research I have done proves what I suspected....ABS and Sports & Fitness are scam corporations. The owners previously ran the business under the name Peak Fitness but after several lawsuits and NC Attorney General demands  the staff was another story... it appeared that even the basics of customer service were a major inconvenience for these folks. I can't in good faith recommend this location to anyone for an event. Although they have a pretty banquet room  some of their staff could definitely benefit from customer service training or should have limited interaction with the public. It's a Community Center after all."  which operates under a really reasonable drop in rate and is also gorgeous."  stating they were a breeze to work with.  The only reason I didn't give this a 5 star rating is because toward the end I felt as though we were nickeled a dimed a bit Attending the Duck Pond (Mallards' park) re-energized my interest in baseball. The gurus behind the franchise understand the importance of the fan and do not take patronage for granted. Re-invest in America's past time without losing your wallet!"  with various mascots running around and all sorts of things to keep the kids occupied.  The main mascot rides a zipline down from the party deck in the Duck Blind to home plate to start off the game and set the tone.  It's always about having a good time.  The various promotions include ""B-List Celebrity Fridays 4N7dN61pyPfcxmKgXWQPfw Bring sunscreen if you're on the third-base line!!!"  although the prices may change with the opening of the new stadium this summer. You can take your whole family to a game or go with friends for a night of baseball and drinking. The duckblind is the place to go if you're looking to eat and drink a lot! It's all you can eat and drink beer (or soda). And  all $3.50 to $4.50 per cup.  TIckets are cheap and the goofy antics are fun.  The Cheese and Burger Society offers a different signature burger for each game.  I even found something called a Pigsicle -- smoked bacon on a stick N E W   S E A T S !!!!  The old bench were terrible and kept us away.  We spent two games this year and we are hooked. "Had a lot of fun at a Mallards game recently.  Food and beer are top-notch in both prices and quality.  Front-row seats along the basepaths are a bit narrow and claustrophobic; it seems like they sacrificed about 3-4 inches of legroom compared to other rows.  People were friendly I have been to a bunch of other Mallards games too  but can be mitigated if you get there early and are actually around people who know what sports are (wtf would you sit with your back to the field while you doodle around on your phone?).  Getting there early also sets your mind at ease about getting your money's worth.  Let's face it Mallards games are pretty incredible for as small as they are. There are a lot of handouts as they try to advertise and there are plenty of food options. The between innings and seating sections are also pretty cool. This is a pretty good place to bring a date to if she is into baseball also.  but that is understandable since all of the kids are pretty new.  I would get more brisket on hand for the next game though as they ran out before the 1st inning was over.  Also Looking forward to going back and hanging out in the much-hyped Duck Blind."  those inclined) and field-side seating. I watched about three full minutes of the game but the atmosphere and hilarious entertainment were totally worth it. Weiner dog races? Mallard mascots whizzing by on a zip line? 2 seconds of fame on the (sort-of)-jumbo-tron? We even hitched a ride back downtown on the free shuttlebus. Totally worth the fee  beverage and entertainment. I won't be back every weekend - for the sake of my waistline - but it's definitely a fun way to spend a summer night in Madison." 4N7dN61pyPfcxmKgXWQPfw  a great night with friends and a great game! Go Mallards! We'll be back!"  great food & family-friendly activities & prices! They give job opportunities to teens and people with disabilities. The baseball season is short  you'll know which one. These are seriously some of the best cheese curds I've ever had. They are a staple in my Mallards game experience."  but we try to take the family to a couple games each year."  a Mallards game is a great choice for a night out on a nice night!"  you get to watch the Madison Mallards while you enjoy unlimited food and beer all night long in the Duck Blind.  Bring all your friends! The duck blind is great for big groups." I'd like to say my day with the Madison Mallards ended on a happy note. But I have to sadly report I went home without any free Fathers Day meat. I didn't get the meat 4N7dN61pyPfcxmKgXWQPfw  Jeff and Darvis are totally open to hearing suggestions for programming."  and they are even offering Zumba now. I really enjoy the staff and the people I see every Mondays and Wednesday in Yoga.  It is a relaxed atmosphere where all are welcomed. Plus  and friendly.   Various types of yoga classes are offered including yoga Nidra.  You can't beat the price at four to six dollars a class.   The classes are interesting and great for beginners and intermediate yogi's.  I have been taking classes there for five months and am very happy with the experience." 