 it was incredibly affordable.  The giant fish sandwich was $8 and the giant Reuben was $7.50.  Our drinks were always filled and we were checked on several times during the meal.  We will definitely be back!!!  Oh and a bit of advice ahead of time - they take CASH ONLY.  So come prepared Can't miss stop for the best Fish Sandwich in Pittsburgh.  and just about everything on the menu  is delicious. I'm not one to pick a place because they give you a lot of food "This place was very good. I found out about Emil's when watching a show called ""25 Things I Love About Pittsburgh"" on WQED hosted by Rick Seback. This place ain't a luxurious restaurant...it's a beer & a shot bar   lounge. But the people are friendly & the food is good. I had the fish sandwich which was great. It ain't in a great part of town "Old school.....traditional ""mom 'n pop"" quality and perfection. The best fish and chips you'll ever enjoy and equally superb fried shrimp. A great out of the way ack. Went there with my girlfriend she grew up with the owner. She's very nice all employees are super nice service was excellent i had the fish sandwich my girlfriend had the Ruben more than you could possibly eat very reasonable prices. Going back to try the burgers  i heard there enormous and very tasty." Wonderful reuben.  Map shown on Yelp page is incorrect. It is actually a different Hawkins.  I'd recommend a call for directions 412-271-9911. pdHC0oAcG7gNdhuFRAUu0Q Addendum: 2nd visit for the fish sandwich. Excellent. Truly. A pound of fish on a fish-shaped bun (as opposed to da burgh's seemingly popular hamburger bun). The fish was flavorful  no really. It took us forever to find but well worth it. It is right across the street from the Rankin Police Station. The menu has a wide selection  but the Rankin police station is right across the street.  Almost every visit there I have seen police officers inside mingling with the locals or picking up lunch orders.  Soon I plan to make a visit that's not a Friday during Lent to try other menu items." Other favorites include Reuben  as are the customers who eat there. Ample free parking makes it easy to go there. I didn't worry about the area- the police station is right across the street. Don't leave the Burgh without having (1) their fish sandwich  the food is really good. :)"  if you consider yourself a true Pittsburgher - you must visit this place.  It's one of the few places (Big Jim's in the Run is another) where the spirit of Pittsburgh is alive and hungry.  Please go."  Chrissy has taken what Emil started years ago and built it into a place we will return to again and again. Favorites are the fish and burgers "We had gone to the Frick Mansion for a tour and I told my friends we were stopping off for a lunch in Rankin. There wasn't much enthusiasm about the location but the reluctantly agreed.  We stopped in front and my wife said we aren't going in there are we? Well once the order the food and enjoyed the best Reuben Is a delightful hostess and makes you feel welcome.  Restaurant personnel are pleasant.   I really enjoy visiting Emils when I'm in town   My only regret is that they are closed Mondays.   Worth the trip" "I wouldnt say the best fish sandwich ive ever had...definitely a huge portion but rather bland and nothing special. Very nice people and good service but i would largely disagree with most of the reviews here. Atmosphere was quite drab  there was just a hint of green pepper in the sauce so I probably would avoid anything with red sauce at Emil's but that's just my quirk. I've had the stuffed cabbages there I remember the old man 20 years ago eating a giant size hamburger used asked me questions I miss those days food there is spectacular the fish is to die at four if you never been there just put it on your schedule of your things to do and I promise you you won't be sorry. "Great food  & service every visit. They do so many things right there especially taking care of the customers.  I have always received a hello  but just haven't been out this way lately.  This is now going to change.  Last week we had the wonderful fish - it has always been good.  Last week we stopped on a Tuesday after golf.  The bartender recommended the special of the day - the Chicken Romano with garlic and olive oil pasta.  It was truly outstanding!  I can't wait to go back and have it again!  The homemade Tomato soup with Asiago cheese was delicious as well.  Thanks Chef Tony!"  again - it's that good). My husband had the Shrimp stuffed with crab - wow! Love  and fair prices-- nice casual place. The service can be a little slow due to how popular the place gets at peak times." They have a ten dollar minimum for credit cards  only good. Justin was satisfied with his meal. Its a good place to eat if you live in the neighborhood but I wouldn't recommend going out of your way." Great Bar in the up and coming Homestead area.....Highly recommend"  and this has become a favorite. I've had the Hot Roast Beef & Fries and the Corned Beef on Rye Stopped by on a Mon evening after trying to dine at Smoke Taqueria which is closed Mondays. Parking on street in front or behind off Hay St. Super friendly bartender. In warmer months they have huge outdoor area & big screen & upstairs cornhole game area. Okay draft beer selection and big bottle selection. Tried the italian club which was really good - two of us split one. Also tried sweet potato fries - amazingly good! Home made chips w bleu were overpowered by sauce. Bathroom was in need of plaster and wall repairs & was grossed out by toilet brush holder on a shelf near toilet at eye level. Bet it's a fun place in warmer months. Awesome wings and pubgrub! Great beer selection and fun bartenders. This place is overrated. A friend and I were looking forward to a beer and some good bar food- instead the wings were terrible and the beer was good but overpriced. There's nothing wrong with this place I just don't understand the clout around it. There should be no clout.  but the food was average at best.  We were there on a Pens Playoff night and there were 2 people working all the tables in both rooms.  Our food came to us cold and unimpressive at that.  Our orders were somewhat mixed up.  The potato skins used a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing.  I tasted a slice of pizza  and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders (ie I'll definitely be back since I live in the area." "Duke...the owner...is the man.  He's a true Pittsburgher and he loves everyone from Pittsburgh.  He looks like he'll beat you up but he's a softy with a big heart.  Look for the bald guy with the raspy voice and make friends...he'll hook you up.  He's also totally into the development of other Pittsburgh businesses and he hosts events for local startups.  Ask him for a tour of the old Eat n Park next door...I believe his intention is still to turn it into an incubator of sorts.  Fortunately I'd say Duke's is a good place to drink "Food is good here. Great beer selection on tap. Sometimes the beer is on the pricey side. What I want from a neighborhood bar is a neighborhood special. Pinkerton is one of the best sandwiches. Good place to watch football  I wish I could purchase it. I am not a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great & reminds me of a fatheads sandwich. Food portion is great. The only complaint I would have if any is the craft beer is a little on the pricey side "Came back tonight after a hiatus and missing out on getting food from the Franktuary truck at Voodoo Homestead. I was going to get a burger until I saw on the back of the menu that they do prime rib on Saturday evenings. For $19 you got a large cut of meat Was not over fried. The French fries were hot and also very good. We will definitely be going again to try something different." I've always been treated with a welcoming vibe from the staff and I don't have any complaints."  is the vast improvement in draft beer selection. I counted 46 beers on tap. If you are a beer head and are at the Waterfront shopping are I find it frustrating to read bad reviews about great bars and restaurants that are based on almost nothing. I eat and drink here about once a month and everything is great. I have eaten here around 50 times and never had a bad meal. Great draft and great service. This is the best bar in this area. I am looking forward to returning to Duke's this summer when I can sit outside and enjoy some craft beer and those delicious wings." The chili dogs rock!  The portions are huge so come hungry.  Big selection of appetizers that go beyond the standard bar food list.  Great selection of draft beer.  Noise level is good for lunch but may be loud for dinner. Love dukes and love the food. I wish i could figure out the closing times or i wouldnt plan so many after work gatherings. Their food is amazing never had a bad meal and their prices are standard for crafts and actually pretty cheap for domestic  and the staff! I highly suggest it to everyone who likes good beer and good food!" My youngest son had chicken tenders. They looked a little over cooked but I tasted one and it was good. The coating was crispy and the chicken was juicy. My older son ordered wings with their house made sauce. It was good but not spicy enough for him. I thought it was good and would order it the next time I go." Onion rings were horrible. Extremely breaded and doughy. Greasy as all get out. I hope the chef will take the hint when all of the breading comes back What a cool place in Homestead. Love the environment and the food was really good. Stop here then head to the Waterfront to see a movie. It will be a great night.  steak on the salad was ice cold even though we were asked how we wanted it cooked so I assumed it was cooked to order and would come out at least warm. The inside of the place was clean and neatly decorated so that is a positive. Really loud place inside. I'd come here for the awesome draft selections but might pass on the food."  good prices and selection on beer and solid service. Geographically not in the most convenient of locations though  but tasty enough.  Pleasant atmosphere and bartender was very friendly.  Would like to go back when the weather is better and the back deck is open.  Overall The transformation of this place is beyond amazing. If you haven't been there in a while you owe it to yourself to check it out. Clean and consistent. Friendly and fresh. Hands down our favorite place to eat in the area. Decent beer selection. Waitress was very pleasant and attentive. Bar staff not so much this visit. We were ignored until I grabbed a table in the back. Neither of us weren't very happy about this. Possibly a no standing policy since there was only one empty chair at the bar? At least say something acknowledge the customer that has been standing clearly in your view for 10 min obviously waiting for a drink."  the outdoor section is also really spacious and great for warm weather days. Beer selection is great and the bartenders waitstaff are ALWAYS on their game. When I come with large groups I find that the waitresses are always very attentive and quick on their feet. If I had one minor complaint it would be with the food. Some people might like it but when it comes to appetizers I just find that they go wayyyy overboard with the greasiness breading. I would highly recommend Duke's to anyone who is looking to mix it up."  i had tried the spicy killer ones and didnt even have to drink water. but overall its a nice place to go because it's cleaner than most bars you will go and it serves better food than other places as well."  awful service.  Staying at the Sheraton here I've patronized Bar Louie a dozen times recently and they screw up the order in some fashion every single time  Rob ordered a long island iced tea and Matt had a miller light.  Make sure and tell them if you want a top shelf tea else you'll be getting the stuff in the plastic bottles.  I sampled Rob's long island tea and it was not that good way too much sours.  The next one he ordered was much better after a little guidance to the bartender.  The bartender herself was okay This place is mainly a ""bar"" and does get crowded but I really like the pizza here.  In fact I've never had a bad meal.  The staff are ussually very helpful but it does get a bit loud inside when crowded."  and a spicy queso dip. The queso is my favorite but they were all delish. I also got the bruschetta which was very garlicky but delicious. 5-7 M-F is 1 2 off appetizers so I was able to get both the pretzel sticks and bruschetta for 7 bucks as a meal. The menu had a pretty wide range- my friend very much enjoyed a pear and chicken salad. We didn't get drinks but some looked good..." Be warned that the seats make you feel like you're going to be swallowed by them. Seriously  and we did enjoy walking around seeing the fountain dance to ""Pour some sugar on me""  seriously?!?!?  Yes!   Classy eh?" All in all would rather drive down the road to the south side for a post movie food grub and tottie." Bar Louie:  You are dead to me."  and house salad with ranch (their ranch is so good I could eat it with a spoon)" It's sad when a place you love turns into a place you never want to go again. I think I'm being very generous by giving it two stars but because I used to love it so much I can't rate it that low. Part of me hopes it gets better  and 2 pineapple juice + vodka I was charged $31.03. I didn't have time to complain or ask. I won't be going back." Food was ok. Waitress was a huge air head. Waited 25 min for my $7.00 beer. Only got it after I reminded her. It is just another disappointing chain restaurant disguised as a local commodity. Bar Louie has some very flavorful and fun dishes for bar food Nothing erks me more then seeing idol wait staff and hungry patrons. I very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first. I came here on Saturday ay 6pm. Almost none of the diners had food on their table and many of them didn't have drinks in the 15 minutes I was there I counted 9 waitress again I counted 9 waitresses and not a one of them came over to our table to get even a drink order. Just from the looks of it I could tell staying any longer would be a total train wreck. So after 15 minutes of waitress counting we left with empty bellies."  but she definitely did not come back and check on us enough. I really wanted to like this place because of things I had heard and the drinks we had were really damn good  but it is not like there were people standing at the bar trying to get drinks - everyone was seated and I'm sure they face much busier times. We sat in our new seats for almost 15 minutes (I timed it - I am not exaggerating) Went here for drinks and nachos and it is a very nice establishment.  The nachos were very good the drinks pricy but t be expected in a setting like this place.  There are fire places outside on the patio a huge bar and even though it doesnt seat many there is a very nice cozy setting upstairs.  Go here to relax or enjoy good food both thumbs up.  and I would suggest you try any of them; but stay far away from this place!"  right across the movie theater." love the ambiance and food!! $1 burger night on Tuesday. Add ons more.  anything would be better price wise. $3 for draft and a big selection of beers so good times. also it's right across the theater so it's a good place to go and chill before the movie starts.. which is exactly what i did haha." "It was the first time that I went to this location.  We sat outside and it was a beautiful night.  I had the BBQ Burger with fries.  For the price of the burger I expected something much better.  It was a very thin burger when it came to the meat.  As a whole it looked large but that was only because of what they piled on top of it.  In addition My recommendation is to understand what Bar Louie is good at (Happy Hour) and only frequent the restaurant at those times!"  I would not recommend this place unless you have money to make it rain. Food was way too average for the high price."  it has been really good. I've found the staff to be professional  but because of the service I won't be returning." Great to stop in right before a movie at Loews  not paying attention to tables. I can see my salad is ready at the window. Worst serves ever." We'll definitely go back again."  and they have thee Best Lemon Drop Martini's... Plus the Bar Tender looks like Clark Kent(Superman) very handsome guy" I'm eager to see if this place sees a huge drop in business when Burgatory opens across the street."  so I am not sure how long it took us to get a server but it was at least 5-7 minutes.  Then we got our drinks at 7:04.  The only reason that I know is because I was looking at my phone because my husband and I wanted to get some apps ordered before the end of Happy Hour.  That went out the window.  When our friends for there; they ordered drinks.  We finished them and left.  The server was nice Can't speak about the food since we didn't have any but atmosphere was loud and it was difficult to have a conversation without repeating yourself."  maybe like 10 tables with people at them and I saw 3 waitress walking around. I think it's probably a bad idea to ignore people that come into your restaurant  the food is good ole American bar grub and their beer selection is decent.  The staff has been nothing but nice even when my wannabe rowdy group of friends spent many a summer day sitting a table for four hours drinking dollar beers.  As long as Bar Louie still keeps having $1 Burger Days (Tuesdays) and $1 Beer Days (Wednesdays) The food was okay. The noise level--with 10 people in a huge room--deafening. Awful acoustics! Food is Shitty probably would be good if they had a cook that knew how to cook it correctly.  Staff is ok no complaints drinks are good as well  either. Most of the people sitting at the bar were a bit older than we were. It seems that Bar Louie is trying too hard to be trendy with the decor neon blue lighting extensive martini list. Maybe I'm just salty about the wait." I would highly recommend the Bruschetta Pomodoro and the calamari (breaded just right and not overdone)." Really the only thing good about this place is the happy hour. No one wants to pay $8 for a glass of wine that is a short pour and bottom quality. So while the food and drinks are fine enough the loud venue and prices mean that this is definitely not one of my favorite places - and given the other options we have at the Waterfront I don't expect to be back in any time soon." Our server was great and we'll definitely be back." Great environment at night! Songs going on very lively!! The food of my friends who ordered burger and fried shrimps was not that great. But I ordered chicken flatbread which was really delicious! Absolutely loved it  will definitely go here again just for the flatbreads Be sure to make a reservation because they can get busy too!" We went on a slow Sunday night. It was clean and the food came out on time. Again I rate a places on what I expect it to be and what it try's to be not what I think it should be. So just a different kind of Fridays. Also great music playlist."  because we wandered around the crowded restaurant for about 10 minutes before we found a seat. The food and service certainly made up for it though!" Best place for a late dinner. They have a pretty diverse and interesting  menu. Kitchen is open til 2am. The atmosphere is very relaxing and staff is always pleasant. I went this evening. The chop chop salad was awesome. The shrimp tempora was too bready. The bartenders were awful. Located across from the movie theater this is a good place to go before or after a flick with your hot date.  I say skip over priced Burgatory and come here on Tuesday for dollar burgers.  Just as good and half the bill." Food was 7 out of 10 for this type of bar   restaurant. Service was extremely poor and bar service was also extremely poor. Untrained and understaffed bartenders will keep me from coming back. No reason to not be able to get a drink when sitting at the bar.  but service was NOT good and I think it may have been amateur night in the kitchen. Food took a long time to arrive for a simple fried appetizer - approx. 20 mins. with zero acknowledgment from my bartender.  Shrimp were cooked well  and I'm always told after my order is put in and the kitchen decides it's now time to tell the wait staff they're out of something. It may be time to start frequenting a different location besides the one on the Waterfront." Well it's 9pm on a Tuesday and no tater tots. Dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature. Not very happy. Will try the station square bar Louie next time.  it takes a very long time to get served. I have waited up to 30 minutes between rounds while sitting at a relatively empty bar."  but their healthier food options are really lacking.  I tried to get the blackened fish tacos and the fish was really dry and overcooked and of poor quality.  The tortillas were completely stale and hard and had large gashes down the middle.  They have a decent beer selection but when I asked what their seasonal Great Lakes on tap was they said the Christmas ale (it's the last week in April now). I knew that if I ordered that draft it would be quite stale as it's probably been in there for 6 months now My friends and I went down to the waterfront to enjoy some shopping and have dinner. Everywhere was pretty busy so when we went into Bar Louie we were not upset it took at least ten minutes for a server to come to our table. He immediately brought our waters over and we ordered drinks. Only another 30 minutes until he brought ONE martini over. We ordered our food and after talking to management it still took 45 minutes and our order was messed up. We tried to be understanding when we learned it was only our servers first day but you would think that management would try to help the poor guy out! He didn't get out of the weeds for the 2 hours we were there. Very disappointing and embarrassing on managements part. We weren't the only people having horrible service because when we looked around the bar everyone was upset. I hope they will let the server get some more experience rather than feeding him to the wolves on the second day.  which was open per the sign.  After 20 minutes we got up and went outside. After 20 minutes outside and after the waitress taking care of and making small talk with the table next to us "Should have checked the reviews before we went. I've been to ""real"" Bar Louie's in other cities. This is not one of them. Was seated for 20 min and no wait staff came to take our order. Several of them made eye contact but did not feel the need to ask if we had been waited on. Awkward. Then someone came over with two plates of food trying to serve us. We thought  yet family place.   A little noisy so not for date nights.  A little bit sports bar like but not like Champs.  Food was great.  Had boneless chicken nuggets (el fuego).  Side salad was very good.  I had verde chicken pasta and my husband had cod skewers with shrimp fried rice - I had some and it was delicious.  Clean bathroom- very important." "I just walked into Bar Louie while we wait for our table at Burgatory. We sat down at the bar and one bartender half acknowledged us and said he would ""be with us in a minute"". We continued to sit there and wait. While she talked to other employees and walked around the bar to talk to the servers. The only other bartender was slowly walking around the other end of the bar. When she finally did make her way to our end she greeted the people who just sat down and ignored us who had been sitting there for 7 minutes. This was NOT a busy time and therefore has no excuse for us having to wait more than 2 minutes for a drink. We got up and walked out and will never be back. I have never had a good experience with Bar Louie no matter where it has been. Their customer service is always subpar. Awful." Great place for late dinner after work. Kitchen stays open late. Real good food. Full bar and real good service. Great location. This will not be a go to destination for me but it is a decent happy hour choice."  and sometimes I go and the service is really slow and the drinks are flat or just plain bad.  The one thing that is usually pretty consistent though is the food.  Any food that I have ordered has always been pretty good.  I've never had an amazing experience here  if you're in the waterfront and are thinking of Bar Louie "Worst bar I have ever been to. They used maybe no alchohol in their drinks and consistency had no meaning here. We ordered three berry mojitos and they were different significantly. I posted a picture  the restrooms were extremely filthy and clearly had not been stocked or cleaned recently.  Maybe it was just an off night for this place The worst bar and the worst service in the area. If I could give it 0 stars I would. There is not one positive thing I could say about any times Ive ever been here. It has now been added to my very short list of places I will never step foot in again. Please... Take your hard earned money elsewhere. "My boyfriend and I came for $1 burger night and the food was delicious! I am not a huge bread fan; I usually eat my sandwiches open faced but I loved the buns. My boyfriend ordered a $1chicken and a $1burger  and got both chicken. That wouldn't be a big deal if the service made up for mistakes. We love the atmosphere and taste of food but the service is horrible. This review is not based on a one night experience. Out of three different times we have experienced bad service- very inattentive. Managers need to review the importance of service with their staff.  If some one likes you and you are attentive to their needs Buffalo chicken flat bread - great but hot too" "Sat at the bar at about 240 Saturday for appetizers and drinks. Not super busy but took over ten minutes for a draft beer and martini. Took 20 for appetizers. No offer to refill drinks or for water. Bartender was organizing glasses or drying glasses...passed us a couple times no eye contact despite empty glasses pushed forward. Others at the bar were also sitting with no drinks "I made a reservation for 6 on a Saturday night. When we arrived we were told by one of the waitresses that they didn't make reservations for less than six.Then she changed that to six or less.  I asked to speak with a manager who told me they don't make reservations for less than ten.  They had no record of my reservation.  The manager was rude.  She asked if I had called the right location.  When I confirmed that I had Would we visit this place again? Who knows but it helped us kill sometime before we had to go to sing sing"  but it was steady. When we walked in no one was around the door and there were dirty tables everywhere. So we made our way towards the back and sat down at the only clean table. It seems like the waitresses won't clean the tables until after new customers sit down. After a few minutes "Valentine's Day! Terrible service. Waitress wasn't attentive at all which would be understandable if it were extremely busy but it was just steady. Food is overpriced for portions.  Small flies flying around restaurant. I investigated myself to see where from and found fly eggs hatching from dirty toilet paper on the floor in the men's room near the corner by the plunger. Mortified by this  and dollar brews on Wednesdays. It's very close to the movie theater so good for a date night! But just make sure you give yourself a little time because the service is a bit bad." Still a worthwhile Happy Hour to check out:" "A nice little quiet restaurant to come in for lunch. I'm a little biased since in college my friends and I would come here for dollar burger night every Tuesday and that was the highlight of my shitty week. But I still recommend this place  and I can say that this location (as opposed to the nasty one in Station Square) is pretty okay. The restaurant is spacious inside with plenty of potential to expand outdoors during the warmer months. We had excellent table service from a very nice server who did a good job keeping everyone's drinks full. It was dollar beer night  the burger and portabella were worth the wait. And gimme some more o' dem tots yo! Straight up addictive with salt + pepper and a hint o' lime. Bar Louis is showing its age "I've been to Bar Louie several times and I don't have much to say about the food other than is it average and pretty boring bar food. The one thing different is the option for tater tots which people seem to enjoy. Service is fine and prices average. My most favorite thing from Bar Louie is without a doubt Love places that keep eating out fun.  This is a place where they remember your name!  Recommend strongly!!" Great food... Superb service... Great to see a chat in restaurant can still offer patrons something to come back for!" Literally the only place to stop in waterfront. Best happy hour!! Martini and drafts half off? Our server Kayla was phenomenal. Food was good. Waitress was Kayla and she was excellent. It was busy but she handled it and gave our table undivided attention. Thanks Kayla.  frozen food that's reheated in a microwave and $10 drinks that tastes like sugar water. Skip this place if you don't want to feel ill after dining."  Peanutz is focused largely on Pittsburgh sports -- there are two large display cases with all sorts of sports memorabilia.  There's a handsome wooden bar in the front room  but have I been to better dance clubs bars - yes.  If you're in the area and looking for something to do Get me some Peanutzz!! We decided on a whim to try something different for a bar and this place indeed was. Saturdays there is a cover for the DJ which was $3. This didn't seem so bad to me after coming from other cities where the covers are $15 and $20 and higher but I feel like the place could use the money. Peanutz is a small venue. The bar area is narrow and cramped then to the left of it there is a dark area where the DJ is along with some tables and then the stairs to the bathroom. If you weren't at the bar then people were just sitting at the tables starring at the DJ or at you... Maybe one or two people were dancing to the music. I thought the music was awesome though - a mix of old school and underground hip hop. Beers were so cheap - I think we paid $5 for three draft beers. Woot!! However some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross. My jacket took a few days to air out the smell of the smoke. I won't be returning even if Peanutz offered some peanuts. *I think that's some sort of weird PA tax thing." I have enjoyed myself here and will probably be going back again this weekend." The music is going to blow your ears up Our bartender didn't know what a pint was or how to pour a beer "Just moved to the area my girlfriend and i checked this place out. Its a small dive bar and seemed like a place where only regulars attended. Was a bit uncomfortable at first Small dark not very opening or friendly place. Will not be returning. The floor is dirty. The bathrooms are small tgey stink and the lock is broken on the womans side. No food offered. Maybe u have to ask. I got a vodka cran and it was watered down. The only good thing was free parking out back. Was you drinking behind the bar honey or were you just distracted by your friends? We only walked into a bar to have a cocktail The food and service were very good . The food is made from scratch on premises . The restaurant is owned and run by two brothers from the Green Tree area . I admire this and always try to give my business to local family run places like this . My only gripes are the limited selection at the bar and I feel the prices for food are very expensive for the portions you receive.  I ordered the chicken club and customized it with a side of coleslaw. My better half had the fish sandwich with a coleslaw as well. The food came like the wind Nice family run spot for lunch if you are in the area.  Good service at a decent price.  loved their onion rings. The English style scrod is very good also. The Big Lebowski was on when we came here and people were dressed up like the movie's characters. It looks like a ski lodge on the inside. Service was acceptable." Management - you really need to update the place." When trying to think of where to go for a steak dinner The Greentree Inn came to mind. I had never been here in all the years of living so very close. I was glad I chose this establishment. Food was excellent and I loved the feel of the place jrSGpWnVJy8jqgN6XSC7Nw I decided to stop in and get my meal to go as I was fresh off of a construction site and my attire did not match the surroundings or the current clientele. I ordered a shrimp scampi appetizer and a fettucini fro diavlo. When I got the food back to the hotel Been coming here for 30 years or so.  Always good food at a good price.  Great service.  Nice variety. covered patio. Excellent quick service. My husband I split the fried zucchini and white pizza with chicken. Loved it "We checked this place out because it was close to our hotel and it was one of the few non-chain restaurants we saw.  The service was very friendly. The food was just okay.  I ordered the fettuccini alfredo with lump crab and they said the sauce is freshly made in house Real nice place. People nice and food great. Nice homemade salad dressings. On business so was a good choice. Will come back  and it's not hard to imagine they were the neighborhood ""fancy"" dining establishment back then. Food was decent and the staff was friendly. I have no complaints and I would probably eat here again if I was in the area."  not a place I consider for a full meal (though I've done it). I suggest it for drink potential and perhaps some appetizers." "This is a gret place to go if you like Martini's!  The food is pretty good and the decor is awesome!  There are always some randoms bartending and you're never sure if you'll get a hipster or old mother Hubbard  we had a great time there."  but I often get them with a glass of 'funk.'  They need to clean their lines more often to get rid of that taste  they would definitely deserve a five-star rating." Solid place to grab a martini and listen to some sub-par live music. Far from amazing but hey not everywhere is going to be right? The calmari was excellent and we'll keep them in mind for their extensive dessert menu."  this place was very refreshing . The bar was very crowded but the staff made sure that everyone who came in was waited on right away . Great service tops everything else ." OxIeMVcop5oxBUWANi-1Rw Great time. Went over for drinks after James Taylor concert. Bar had a fun crowd Love the atmosphere and martini menu here. Nothing like a Frosted Grape martini and exposed brick to make you feel like a class act. I've also enjoyed any sandwich or salad I've ever gotten here. Highly recommeded!  we were presently surprised by the variety and quality at a reasonable price. The Buffalo Chicken spread was a flavorful hummus fare served with pita bites that were wonderful while warm. I had the Ahi Tuna Taco Platter that was tasty as well. The house Merlot was short of the $9 glass price "Pretty good.  The martini was weak  pre-performance drink dinner or night out.  There's a small restaurant set up downstairs and then upstairs has a really hip lounge feel.  The tomato bisque is beyond amazing and the desserts are decadent.  But since they have it in the name Nice location near the theater before the show?  Done and done.  I'd be back." I would definitely recommend for appetizers and drinks!" "Olive and Twist is a convenient and rather nice bar to visit if you're staying in the downtown area.  The huge beer list and so so martinis do their job well in attracting the suits and theater crowds in mass numbers.  Finding a seat can be a chore if you come at the wrong hour because no one ever leaves!  The food menu is your typical bar menu and is very well priced.  My party only got the nachos which were good.  Our bartender I can't say this is a south side meat market vibe but the young are here to mix and meet. This particular night we were full of giggles and playful flirtations. There was some kind of CMU business men event going on and within a minute the bar was packed with young eligible bachelors in suits. Way too dressy for my taste but it was fun to talk and check people out. Everyone was friendly and from my perch on the bar it seemed everyone had mixed drinks in hand so I joined in with my signature dirty martini. It was made just right. The ambiance and music was light. I was having a good time and an even better time when offered drinks and striking up conversation. I didn't get to sample the food because we had already eaten but I will def be back. This place would be ideal for a date night. Stay tuned..."  but the food was marginally good. It was very loud as well. Great lighting (Its been a little while since I was there last)" I'd certainly recommend anything with the purred fruit in it (apple  I'm not as big a fan of the food.  The buffalo chicken spread appetizer is great for happy hour but I just didn't love the other items I've tried and the entrees aren't memorable.  I recently discovered the upstairs lounge and it was comfortable and spacious (much more so than the crowded downstairs bar).   If you work downtown and you haven't stopped here for happy hour Not sorry. He sucked." Nothing special for drinks."  and plan on coming back! :]"  as they dimmed the lights and shut off the music we got the hint we've been talking way to long. If she could have been a tid more polite  great art work on the walls and the bartenders were extremely nice and attentive. The happy hour drink prices were also pretty good. I didn't get a chance to try any food but I did wander down for a minute and it seemed like everyone was having a good time. I'll def be back!" "I get it. It gets busy when you're a bartender waitress sometimes. I've been there myself. But you can explain why things are late or why it takes nearly half an hour to pour a glass of wine without being incredibly rude and cold Note - you may want to give them a call first... the upstairs is booked for private parties sometimes and if you're stuck downstairs I'm glad we've become such close friends and you both always welcome me with open arms even when it's been a while."  which I imagine would be neet. People were sure flowing in." For the drop in spot after a show or just happy hour with friends I found this to be a pretty down to earth and decent spot. The waitress was not that great but she was young "Excellent food (especially the tomato basil soup- and I don't even like tomato soup).  Moderate service I thought the service was good.. we sat in the dining area and had someone waiting on us the entire time. We walked by the bar on our way out - it was crowded with several groups of people standing around the bar. I'm glad we were at a table."  they also offer a reasonable selection of beers including microbrews." Went to this place for lunch. My wife order a wrap and I order a salad. Very nice food. The sweet potato fries are wonderful. My smoked duck break salad is wonderful too. Highly recommended. "Found you on Yelp and weren't disappointed. Very friendly waitstaff and good food (bar fare). Yummy desserts. The acoustics downstairs were terrible. Exposed brick everywhere and no noise dampening.  Not the best place for an intimate dinner or quiet conversation on the weekend. But a young  love the calamari. It's so good and spicy. There is an endless list of martinis and one is better than the next. There is a first and second floor  nice atmosphere to chill in the upstairs lounge and hang up with your friends. Classy crowd and much more mature  I'd say it was a fun atmosphere.  It seemed like an older crowd.  One problem was that the performer downstairs was too loud.  I'd say for a more relaxed  a fun atmosphere - pretty diverse crowd."  I think this is probably a way better bar to have a drink in then a restaurant.  I will return to try a martini "The cocktail menu options were mouth-watering. Great place to grab a drink with friends They do lose a star because even though we were one of three occupied tables and a few taken seats at the bar Try the sweet potato fries with a side of honey mustard instead of ketchup. Linda and the rest of the ladies at the bar are awesme.  and the Seared Tuna Salad is a muuuust. If you aren't feeling the salad  if I was going back to Pittsburgh in this area I saw some pretty amazing and tasty martini's being prepared. Olive Or Twist has a martini that is served with sprinkles rimming the glass I think I overheard that it was called the cake batter martini the food is great too!  Stop in for a drink  but one that we felt a little to young and poor for (we're still college students). I think I'd try somewhere else for a nice date night next time I go here pretty often for drinks. They have the best variety of martinis and it's lively in the evenings. The buffalo chicken spread is highlyyyy recommended.  but will probably avoid coming here during its busiest days and hours (i.e. the end of the week and beginning of the weekend)."  and if he's the only one up front who has to seat me I get a distinctly unhappy vibe off him.  Killing him with kindness does not work.  Other than him **Disclaimer:   5 stars doesn't have to mean it's New York City good. It is a simple place and it's not flashy by any means.   I'd take a girl for the beginning of a date or on the opposite end of the spectrum "Only rating the upstairs friday happy hour. It had a nice lounge like feel with a lot of females. Not sure if it's always like this. The bar was trying to get rid of their excess green beer from St Pattys for just $1  we should have just went to the Sharp Edge down the street. Probably a much safer bet for future endeavors."  and people don't realize there's more to this place than just drinks. The food is under rated and tasty. Always on a recommend to other list." It was a great and comfortable experience for a bar. I will be going back soon!"  pleasant and comfortable. I was there on a Friday. The entertainment was excellent (a one-man band by the name of Mark Pipas -- who played music from all genres and rarely took breaks). The bar tenders are friendly and make great drinks  I recently went here for dinner and a drink before a Pirates game.  Both were excellent!"  its one of my favorite cheeses for salad topping!  Service was great here and even though I didn't have a drink here that night I have a previous time and they are yummy!  Love this place and can't wait for my next visit!"  nevertheless.    My husband ordered the Carribean Jerk Chicken Sandwich with a side of broccoli instead of fries.   HE LOVED EVERY BITE.   He was hesitant to even let me have a taste he wanted it all to himself.     Our waitress was so kind and welcoming.   Overall I am not from around the area and was just in town visiting. I would go back Owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal.  or a date.  This is one of my favorite downtown lunch spots!"  just stick to the tried and true. I had a chicken sandwich and I got to the center for an unpleasant surprise: pink meat. Yuck! Aside from that I tried the steak salad which was a major disappointment since the meat was gristly and tough. Overall stop in for your favorite wrap and a special flavored martini "A beautiful little bar with an exciting ""martini"" list - do step outside your comfort zone and try one of the crafted drinks." Food was really good.  Service was very good.  I'd recommend making a reservation.  We didn't and had to leave earlier than we wanted to.  and there were only 2 or 3 full tables in the ""dining room"". The crowd was full of 40 somethings and there was a cover band  mashed potatoes.  A colleague ordered the pesto pasta dish which looked delicious.  We didn't order drinks but in past visits they have a really nice variety of beer and I tried the Banana Bread beer (available in bottles) which is so tasty!! My only complaint was that it took a while for the waitress to take our orders and bring out the checks but it was very crowded with large parties. We stayed at our table after dinner to finish up some work and they did not mind which was great!" My happy hour hot spot! My friends are addicted to the buffalo chicken dip. Drink specials and great food selection.  the blackened salmon and the steak salad. All the food was fabulous. I ordered the tiramisu martini and had to have a second one it was so good. Finally "This place was pretty good for a Friday night out. My husband and I shared a calamari appetizer that was really great. We were both a little disappointed with our main courses - tuna and salmon. Cocktails were good and strong Love olive or twist. Chill atmosphere. Great drinks! "This place is pretty good. The buffalo chicken spread and the jerked salmon are awesome. The service is always good especially at the bar. They have an upstairs lounge that is open for happy hour during the week. If you are looking to grab a few drinks after work with friends  super tasty. I could snack on the candied walnuts all day. Then the buffalo chicken spread. Presentation was great-in a martini glass. The pita chips were delic! But where was the chicken? I searched through the entire martini glass "Truffle fries to die for & unique delicious cocktails w friendly staff to boot! They could use a door curtain to keep the cold chill out as it floods the bar area every time someone enters or exits but a nice My favorite bar in town love the live music and the martinis - fave is the strawberry shortcake!  I am feening for it. LOL.  I had the cake batter martini and the chocolate covered pretzel.  Sooo good! They got really creative here with the martinis and the presentation.  Definitely 5 stars for the martini bar :)  Will go back to taste the rest!" "We went here for drinks and a bite before a concert at nearby Byham theater. We had wings and a piece of cookies and cream cake. Both were outstanding. We both had the Fat Gary's Ale  avoid this place. When one of your co-workers suggests a work happy hour I really like this bar . When we first went in there was no room at the downstairs bar so we went up to the very pretty bar that was not crowded at all. They had the same happy hour prices and  the service was great..  friendly service! ... and did I mention happy hour?"  but I have to say that I really enjoyed my time. Only planning to get 1 drink I ended up getting 3 drinks. I loved the inside of the bar and my waitress was incredibly nice and pleasant to deal with. The drinks were very good and reasonably priced. All in all I will definitely be back!"  it was pretty delicious. I will be going back!"  get a drink off the menu - well worth the price and yuuuuuumy taste!"  if you want to feel transported from Pittsburgh and imagine yourself in a hip little bar restaurant in a more trendy city We arrived here before a show across the street and also had a groupon to accommodate. It took a little longer to be seated than we had anticipated but the wait staff was so accommodating and made sure to make recommendations on how long we had to eat. Fianc and I both went for the crab cake sandwiches and they were delicious. We also couldn't get enough of the fries! We even made it out of there with just a little time to spare when we thought for sure we would end up being late. I really cannot say enough about our wonderful waiter and it is very sad that I can't seem to remember his name as it has been so long since we've been."  very disappointed.  I wanted to love Olive or Twist because I really enjoyed the time I had visited for a drink  but not until around 7 so we had time to enjoy ourselves. I got the jerk chicken sandwich on the recommendation of the server and I have to tell you it was delicious!! The chicken wasn't too dry and the jerk seasonings were perfect. I also got the sweet potato fries for a side and they were very good. I wish they were a little more crispy  during the Three Rivers Art Fest. We were secluded in the upstairs area. I loved the atmosphere (very classy)  and the martinis (very unique and tasty). We dropped serious money on the drinks. We had a coupon from Foursquare for a free appetizer. I ordered the truffle fries Don't go here for anything but the walls and music." "So I decided to surprise my fianc one night by taking her here(because we've been talking about doing so for a while). We both got martinis and the nachos and buffalo spread apps. The martinis were just ok "This place is good for drink before and after shows. I always wanted to try their food This is my second time coming and I still love it and especially the Buffalo chicken spread! The atmosphere is a little dark for lunch time but over all it was a good experience.The service was also great.  which was so sweet I had to send it back. The food was mediocre. I ordered the burger medium and it was over cooked to nearly well done. And then there was the cheesy lounge singer who sang a mishmosh of singer songwriter tunes from the 80s. The music was so loud and so bad that my friends I left and headed down the street to Butcher and the Rye." Good drinks (I had the guava margarita and the peach martini) and great music selection. I didn't eat - but I plan on going back soon to try the food!  strong martini. I ordered the ""Perfect Pear"" martini recently and it was very strong tasting compared to the other time I had it. You get your money's worth of alcohol in their martinis for sure! This definitely is not a place where you get a watered down drink. The place is dimly lit and the walls are dark Maybe I will return for a drink or two one day."  but we were the only people in the bar area by 8:00.  Hopefully it was just a fluke because I liked Olive or Twist!" My family and I went to Olive or Twist before a Pirate Game. The food was delicious! I had the crab cake sandwich. The happy hour specials were also a plus. I had a cake batter martini which was tasty! The location is also convenient for anyone going to a game. We walked over Roberto Clemente bridge and were right there. We will definitely be going back! Great work Olive or Twist! We came here for drinks on a Friday night. They had a few good scotchs to select from and the upstairs had a nice crowd which wasn't too packed. Everyone cleared out by about 12:30 am.  but the food quality has definitely taken a downward turn over the past year. I was recently at the bar and was overcome by a foul smell. For those of you that know what Urnex is Your best bet is to head there after work for the martinis and then head around the corner to Six Penn for food."  we ended our night outside as they have a few tables and chairs. This is always the best because sometimes it's nice to escape the madness of a bar Love this place!!! The drinks are good and the location is perfect! Avoid whenever there are major events downtown though can get pretty wild  love the atmosphere and especially love the martinis!" Jesse from Bob Evans down the road is far superior to the condescending server here. We highly recommend Jesse."  loved their drinks. The waitresses were very accommodating and didn't hesitant when we asked them to split a check multiple ways. The crowd at Olive and Twist P. S. They also had an upstairs not sure what was going on up there. Thinking maybe it was a restaurant cause kids were going up with adults." 3hMP1xJ1egtG913C_fXgDQ  and then even longer to order. The drinks came up to us separately and it took a long time to make each. Despite the wait This is not our first time stopping at Olive or twist and it will not be our last!"  once I can convince my friends to stop by for a drink.  I'd love to check out the happy hour  I went with an Espresso Manhattan Martini.  This was defreakinlishious... I love coffee and I love manhattans so the two went together like peas and carrots.  Our service was mixed.  Some bartenders seemed more helpful and interested in waiting on us than others.  This was also my experience from last time.  This time we didn't order food though we were pretty hungry and went elsewhere to eat.  Our last meal here was not worth duplicating.  We both had an Olive or Twist Burger  so take this with the proverbial grain of salt. This is the my bar of choice when I'm in town and going out with my Yinzer colleagues for after-work libations. They have good happy hour specials Great food and tasty cocktails! And if you're out and about later in the evening it's a great atmosphere that's not your average loud bar. The crab cake sandwich was DELICIOUS!  but I wish the cocktails were made using fresher ingredients."  a fun place to go and delicious drinks!!" Great appetizers in the heart of the Cultural District! I was sad that we barely missed the 4PM-6PM Happy Hour (Monday-Thursday)  a bartender with brown hair and boobs hanging out came over and very rudely asked ""ugh are you all on separate checks?"" We shook off that comment and told her we were waiting until 4 to order since that's when happy hour started and she said ""ok a cocktail waitress can take care of u then"" and walked away. Other than her rudeness  dessert. The dessert xango was omg great! The wings here were pretty tasty but their scallop dish could have used more flavor. We came here on a Wed night and it was hella crowded. I made a reservation and we still had to wait 20 minutes for our spot! The space is tiny  is that I think the serving portions are a little less than what we here in America have grown accustomed to. Most restaurants serve you much more food than you really should consume and that's one of the reasons why we here in America have more of an obesity issue than other nations."  the fried calamari and their version of a caprese salad. Food was really great - calamari came out hot and crispy with a spicy dipping sauce and the caprese salad was very fresh with a drizzle of balsamic and a fregula couscous salad underneath tossed in the the same dressing. Very good! I would like to come back here to check out some more of their menu." I'm not sure I'd want to come here for dinner. But I would absolutely come here for lunch again. Especially since we didn't have room for dessert  once we got it. I tipped the server generously The appetizer part of the menu was good and priced right so I'd come back and just try something else next time."  stop by this fine establishment. You'll have a great time." Great place. The drinks were good. But the band sucks. I didn't order any food so I'm not able to comment on that... however I can tell you that the bartender was friendly and that the place has a nice calming atmosphere.... besides the crappy music I have no complaints. Have loved every martini I've tried! I especially loved the caramel apple in the Fall! Great spot for happy hour with friends! All in all it was an interesting restaurant and definitely a good place for a drink or two if your downtown in the area." Not a fan of the service. Or I should say lack of. It literally killed me to leave a tip. No one deserves it. And I once tipped a server that never even waited on me before she left for the day. I overtip EVERYBODY and today it was all I could do to leave 20%. "I had the Pork Belly sandwich with sweet potato fries  and he was very kind about the misunderstanding. We wound up going with several glasses of the cabernet on special as well as two appetizers and two martinis to wash it all down with. Everything was delicious. The calamari was a little cloyingly sweet for me (I would have strongly preferred more crunch and spice) but the rare ahi tuna app was savory with an interesting texture and very much to my liking! I was able to use a recently purchased Yelp voucher for $20 Beautiful night on the patio enjoying a crab pesto pizza.  Crispy crust and delicious. My companion had the chicken and artichoke pizza which she enjoyed.  Service is very good.  I have the Lemon Ice martini which is very good as well.  A great experience overall.  excellent.  Steak sandwich and salad was very good. 2x IPA Strongbow made my palate complete.  Bartenders attentive too..Well done."  can't go wrong with those on it. The drink menu didn't seem to have prices for the martinis on it but we assumed they would be expensive so didn't get one  I purchased a Groupon. The seating is very limited so reservations on a Friday or Saturday night are a must. The menu is very limited with only about 5 or 6 entrees not including sandwiches and wraps that are offered.  So check out the menu online to make sure you find something you like. It is very noisy due to the small seating area  but you get what you pay for and I'm willing to occasionally shell out the extra dough for a good meal with awesome service." Love their Martinis! The birthday cake martini is my fav. It's a good place to go after work to hang out for a few hours. Like the upstairs vibe more.  you have found the perfect place for a bad combination. Upon entering the door at 3:40 pm the hostess said to us (my daughter and I)"" We can seat you if you promise to leave by 6pm""  we would come during happy hour.  I feel like getting drinks and an appetizer slightly cheaper during happy hour would be the way to enjoy Olive or Twist the most." Probably one of the best martini bars anywhere in the area. I've been here numerous times and have always enjoyed it here. Drinks are amazing and you get a good buzz off of just one martini. Very generous pours here. Can be pricey if you have a few though. If you are a female group be prepared to be ignored by the male bartenders.  Stood patiently to get waited at the bar upstairs a male customer came up and he quickly served he pointed out to the bartender we had been standing there and he just looked at him like so what.  Guess the men at olive or Twist only like men. I may stop back in for a nightcap after tonight's Pirates game!" Literally the best meal I've ever eaten great salads w homemade croutons and dressings that are to die for. Tried 3 different martinis all were good but the cookie dough martini is flawless hands down best martini ibe ever had and we love martinis!! The lobster Mac and cheese was perfect along w our service! I'd give it ten stars if I could "I had mixed feelings coming here on a Monday night for dinner after hearing about a really bad experience a friend of mine had not too long ago. We had a groupon that my girlfriend had purchased and we had to use it because it was expiring that week. The place was a bit crowded nothing outrageous that would make us want to go somewhere else My husband and I waited until after 10pm to come here because it was busy for a private event! I had my eyes set on the short ribs which is basically roast!!!!!! Yes roast! Enough said not impressed not happy and being we came up from Syracuse we obviously will never return! $70 bill and it wasn't good at all!!!!! Really like the fact that they can make a mean martini and the romantic decor. If I am ever in the neighborhood I will more than likely hit this place up again!" A really fun and different place to go either for food or just drinks or both!" Great martins! Placed is decorated nicely and is appealing.....but quite noisy. Food was delicious! We are so happy we decided on Olive or Twist for our wedding and would do it again in a heartbeat."  and we were a bit underwhelmed.  I luckily decided to give it another chance.  My mom and I dined here before seeing a show.  We arrived at 6:20 on a Friday and luckily made it in time for happy hour  and this place has it. The food and drinks have been great every time we've stopped by. It can be tough finding a seat during the busy times ie: before and after games and shows  but good service and good drinks. May stop back again." The service was exceptional -- our waitress did a wonderful job and we particularly enjoyed the quiet atmosphere. We did go on a Monday night when I'm sure it was much slower than usual "Love this place! Used to come here a lot when I was in college for apps and drinks before Benedum & Heinz Hall shows. Rather small dining area- you have to make a reservation or get here a little early on those show nights. The sticky wings & buffalo chicken dip w  chips are the best! Also loved the chicken Caesar salad ... Never got it myself but this place is also known for the Martini Sampler during Happy Hours... You'll see many a patron grabbing this fun drink adventure! Check this place out next time you want a modern Luckily an establishment in the area heard our issue and was SYMPATHETIC and worked with us to resolve our issue.  I will never set foot in that place again or spend a single cent there ever."  turkey and other goodies with a side of fresh fruit and my mom had the chicken sandwich with snap peas. We both loved our sandwiches. Mine was spicy but not overwhelming and just packed with fresh and delicious flavors. The fruit was fresh too and super tasty. My mom loved her sandwich and her snap peas were cooked and seasoned perfectly. To top it all off our server was incredibly attentive to our table and very friendly. I look forward to returning!" Olive or Twist is good for a cocktail  Salmon sadly overlooked to the point that I am about to send everything back. The quality of the wine and the sympathetic waitress were the only aspects keeping me from fleeing me seat. In short OxIeMVcop5oxBUWANi-1Rw I stopped in for an happy hour drink. This place was jammed pack no seating at the downstairs bar so I proceeded to the upstairs bar lounge area. The upstairs has a bar and some couch seating areas that apparently u can reserve.... I ordered the chocolate covered pretzel martini which was very good. It took awhile for it to arrive but it was good. We ordered nachos as an appetizer and was very disappointed. They failed to put the salsa on them. Which I wasn't going to send them back because it took way to long for us to receive them. If you had a long day at work and want to sit at the bar and have a drink I would advise to get there super early or you'll be waiting for a seat and drinks.  appropriately mature atmosphere and an attentive staff. Same order but different outcome I am please to say. The bed of greens was fresh and properly dressed and the salmon was done well and seasoned better than my prior visit. Perhaps it was an Ash Wednesday rush on salmon the last visit or a different cook  and nothing of consequence to dislike. We will be back  very pleasant experience right before going to the cabaret. Would love to go back sometime to try more of their drinks and food!" "I loved the upstairs lounge. It got a bit noisy but otherwise this is my kind of place. Open space Perfect for a happy hour or food before a show.  We even met our friends upstairs the night before our wedding.  There is plenty of space upstairs to mingle." Delicious Martini's! Trendy Ambiance OxIeMVcop5oxBUWANi-1Rw "The food is amazing! Everything we ordered was delightful. Definitely a twist on even the most simple things. Cooked to perfect This place had a really cool feeling to it! We went on a Saturday night and made reservations about 2 wks in advance. The food was all around pretty good but it was definitely tight. You will probably get a elbow or a butt hit you at least once :)  I would totally recommend this to friends looking for a good meal or for a decent happy hour spot!!!" This place has become a usual spot for date night and before events and games. Mainly come for the drinks. The Moscow mules ( my go-to drink) is  made perfectly here with different seasonal options. Apple cider mule is definitely worth going back for in the fall. Bartenders know their stuff and tweak drinks for your preferences. The special martinis never disappoint. I always seem to stick to the pear and rosemary. The food is pretty good. Even better because they often have groupons or deals running. The draft selections were typical with a few rare finds. The best part was the purse hooks under the bar for the ladies. I would give another star but I did not try the food." Tried to order  one of the 5 dinner specials...the lobster mac and cheese and they were out (at only 7 pm... prime time dinner hr).... so I ordered the peppered salmon with mango salsa.... they brought me my meal but with no mango salsa.... just the salmon...all by itself.  I asked the waitress... didn't this come with the mango salsa topping?  She said oh yea it does... but we ran out that's why they didn't put it on..... needless to say.. it would be tough to eat peppered salmon with no salsa or sauce at all to offset the pepper.    I wasn't sure what to do at this point...so she said do you want some other sauce or something?  We asked her to check with the chef as to what he she suggests.  5 min later she comes out and says they r going to make a new batch of mango salsa....I think to myself... I thought you were out and now they are making it?  Why didn't they do that in the first place.  They left my plate in front of me and 10 mins later they come out with a small bowl of salsa... by this time the rest of my table were done with their food...the meal was good with the salsa... but by now I was eating with everyone else done and my food was luke warm.  For a $20 meal at a  high end restaurant. ..This was quite a disappointment. Boy do I miss Primate Bros.  I remember going there when the packing district was coming alive at 3 and 4 a.m.  We were coming back from a night of being out 'n about with friends (this was in high school college summers in the mid-70's).  We would order wild concoction in sandwiches with french fries IN them.  I liked the place so much I bought and wore proudly one of their T-shirts...but alas...left it with a native friend (she also liked it alot) in Koh Samui Thailand. Couple this with a 23 oz. beer for $2.50 and what more could you ask for. Actually only minus 1 2 star because of their chili The staff was very good. The food came quick. Best of all. It had no kick back later or the next day."  you have got to swing by here. Get the pastrami or roast beef and do not ask for the slaw or fries on the side. It's all on there for a purpose and it is a gloriously messy sandwich." A drooling place. Period." Wash it down with an Iron City." Hot Pastrami + cheese + tomatoes + onion + cole slaw + french fries on thick crusty bread = One TallBadAssGreasyMuthaFukinGood Sandwich... :D  but the kids are real. But why do they all have beards (beers)? It's Pittsburgh "Hey a sandwich with the fries and slaw inside served on a wax paper sheet and tasty (maybe a little bland  but I'm giving it back. I probably won't be back ever again." p.s. You can get it topped with a fried egg! I didn't see that on the menu until I was leaving! doh! next time!" Downside: It was packed during lunch and my buddies and I were crammed in. If you have a disability it will be hard to maneuver during peak times."  the Oakland location does have a pretty sweet deal for after 10pm  things took a turn for the worse when the famous sandwiches came out.  Two of us had the turkey and one had the colossal fish.  I thought the turkey was slimy and tasted weird.  The fries added almost no flavor to the sandwich  and even a mid-day snack.  I love the fact that this place is always jammed full of people.  Their food is well worth the wait and the effort it takes to tackle a table before someone else does.  The murals on the wall never get old its a great place to come after you've finished your shopping in the strip."  the Hot Sausage and Cheese sandwich I ordered was netiher hot nor spicy.  The fries were average but the coleslaw  in the sandwich was crunchy and delicious.  If the meat was more tasty The sandwiches here are massive.  Whatever you order winds up between two pieces of bread which seems both wrong and logical.  Regardless it is a mighty fine sandwich.  I wish I could get one right now... "This place is lengendary so naturally as a tourist - I had to go. I can sum it up in one word YUM!! Staff was friendly as we sat at the bar and watched the cook in action. I have never had a sandwich quite like that with a coleslaw like substance and fries on it  except I'll have to book more trips to Pittsburgh to eat here again! Definitely a good way to gear up for or finish a night of drinking. The cooks were hilarious and only added to the post debauchery atmosphere. The fries and slaw on the sandwich are something I will absolutely have again. Go. Do it. If you can." I'll be back if I'm ever in Pittsburgh again." "A Pittsburgh classic :) I can't say it's my favorite food Only visit the Strip District location for the full effect.  The other locations pale in comparison."  do not pronounce the ""t"" in Primanti.  It really irks native Pittsburghers.  It's pronounced ""Primanny.""  Unfortunately Now I just have to try all the locations and figure out which one is the best of the best."  the meat quantity is so small that it's a sidekick to the coleslaw and fries. I really liked the overall flavor. I just wished the meat  it's not too spicy.  He also ordered a beer from the tap served in the biggest beer glasses I've ever seen.  If you're visiting Pittsburgh  what a deal!). After I placed my order I waited by the bar and unfortunately it was when the death of Steve Mcnair started to air :-(. The bar quickly filled up after I placed my order. The sandwiches took a little while to prepare and not as quick as I've heard they are. I got my order and in my usual fashion I checked it. No chicken finger and fries....bummer. I go back to the cashier bartender cook and asked her for my order who asks the cook where it is and he shrugs like ""I dunno"" so  "The food was just OK. Soggy french fries on a greasy cheese steak pattie.  The service was awful  french fries and other condiments. this place is a staple in the area so i knew that i should visit the location. they have a special pburger sandwich which i guess is their most popular sandwich. they have cheap beer also. depending on what time you go here the surrounding area is either dead or filled with a lunchtime crowd. i suggest going during the day when there are more people around. at night time some shady people come out." Update.  Went to a different location.  Non-smoking location.  Got pastrami this time instead of the bland sausage.  Added a fried egg to the sandwich as well.  I forgot how huge this thing was.  I could only eat half.  I am now a fan of Primanti's.  both sandwiches were quite tasty and with the fries on top... yummy.  Would definitely come back here next time I'm coming through Pittsburgh I was truly shocked. That was the worst meat that I have seen since Junior High School. We would have been much better off at Burger King. Luckily we had a nice lunch at Salim's to wash the taste of this junk of our mouths." Please...never come here." My only complaint about this particular primanti bros in market square is the people that it generates. Anywhere from hookers to crackheads. I have been in there several times and atleast 4 or 5 times I watched someone get kicked out for doing something illegal. My advice is  any Primanti Brothers location will fill u up with one of the most unique sandwiches in the nation. Highly recommend the new Black Angus sandwich over the traditional ""No 2 Best Seller"" ... or go with Capicola and Egg. Both delicious!"  but I wish the primanti's goons would put a little bit more effort into their sandwiches. seriously guys -- take some pride in your work and make something good for once. and check the thermostat on your fryolator already!" "I am from Pittsburgh and this is just the burgh wrapped in wax paper.  It is always delish and something you need to do when you visit the town.  John Stewart "well you gotta give this place a star for its originality. coleslow and fries in your sandwich.. sound good? its actually pretty intresting. the coleslaw isn't creamy its a big vinegry One of the best places to eat in the Steel City. A real classic. Home of the stuffed sandwich often imitated but never duplicated.  I wish they had one in Chicago. I was in pittsburgh for a week and thinking like true pittsburghers we thought we'd come here for a late night snack and what a snack it was definately a tasty sandwich different from what i've had .  the place itself wasn't much it kind of looked like an old bar but that's ok anyway it was pretty cheap you should go I could go for a sandwich right now actually yum! DEFINITELY visit Primantis if you're in Pittsburgh!" I would give this place another shot if I'm ever in town again  I'd definitely try the cheesesteak or the Capicola sandwich. OOH or the ragin cajun chicken sandwich.. MMMM...." "Primanti Bros. is a traditional Pittsburgh meal.  It consists of a sandwich that is stacked high with fries and coleslaw  the sandwiches seemed to taste better there for some reason. i ordered the corned beef one and hubs ordered capicola (with egg).  i know people have eaten there and thought that the sandwiches were just ok (so i shouldn't hype it up). it's possible that my taste buds are just being biased and sentimental because it's a pittsburgh thing. but the fact that my husband who's not from pittsburgh loves it should definitely say a lot." I went here a couple of years ago and wasn't wowed by the sandwich. I think I was more taken back by the sweet slaw and french fries my sandwich than the bread or large portion of meat. Now that I'll be back in Pitt tomorrow I'm looking forward to trying another sandwich. I guess the sandwiches are pretty good now that I remember. If your in the Pittsburgh area you'd be a fool not to stop in at one of the Primanti Bros. locations and try one of there amazing sandwiches.  My favorite is either the Pastrami and cheese or the hot sausage sandwich but everything here is good. I live in boston and am used to paying twice as much for sandwiches which are no where near as good in quality and size." Maybe I ordered the wrong thing and maybe they were all just having a bad day... Who knows." "i was here for work and ordred the #2  The cheesesteak was nice and square and stuff.  Hmm not sure if that's a good thing?  The combination of coleslaw and fries plus that really nice thick spongy bread was pretty good.  I would actually say this would be more like a 4 star sandwich but I have a deep seeded hatred for the Steelers so yeah whatever.  I'd like to see a sandwich superbowl  and friendly staff I give this place 3 stars  who naturally failed to beat a mediocre Pirates squad.  But the food was good i love coming to pittsburgh solely for these sandwiches.  get a different one each time but they are to die for.  my new favorite is the capicola and egg.  i mean anything with fries and coleslaw on it can't be beat.  easily the best cole slaw i've ever had as well.  not overly friendly and didn't seem to be too happy to be there. We ordered our sandwiches - I got the Rajun Cajun because I had a Philly Cheesesteak the day before and was trying to cut back on red meat. I kind of regretted it as the chicken was a bit dry. My coworkers had ordered  the pastrami and steak and made me wish I had. Not that the sandwich wasn't good - but red juicy meat would have been so much better.  The sandwich was massive - I got a huge piece of chicken breast with a crapload of coleslaw and fries on top.  My coworker did complain that he got very little pastrami meat on his.  Overall  only with reduced operating hours. (Their Strip District location is open 24 7.) I like the sandwiches. It seems Pittsburgh is the only place where I can find sandwiches stuffed with fries and coleslaw. It's a copious amount of food for not a lot of money and Primanti compares favorably in value to most other restaurants in the Pittsburgh downtown area. Only problem I can see is the restroom is a bit dingy and down a flight of stairs "The description of a Primanti Bros sandwich is tastier than the sandwich itself.  One of two dozen different meats topped with french fries and coleslaw;  I tried hot sausage.  The problem is that all that potato and cabbage mutes the flavor of the meat.  Expecting an extremely tasty sandwich So I guess if you want an authentic Pittsburgh experience then go here. But if you want actual decent food  Primanti Bros is a must!"  but I will say this after you have gone once you will never need to go back unless its late and you need something to soak up the alcohol." Very good experience in general." A Pittsburgh tradition like no other. Unhealthy food served on wax paper... Gotta have it twice a year!  a soppy mess from the oil on the bread and a chunk of coleslaw core inedible. My sons was no better. The waitress saw we had taken only one bite and asked if we wanted to take home. We both said 'no way.' She didn't flinch and didn't care. I don't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid. In Philly I am docking them a star because the service was less than desirable We stopped here on our way to a comedy show.  We ordered the steak sandwich.  We had been drooling over this sandwich since the first time we saw an article written about it. I am happy to say this sandwich was everything we had expected! The sandwich was so big we had to share.   The slaw was better than I expected (I am very picky about my slaw) and the fresh cut fries made the sandwich perfect!  but I'd say the overall quality of the sandwiches are just average otherwise." "As good as advertised.  The sandwiches are big with quality cuts of meat.  I thought the slaw was delicious too adding a little vinegary tang to the fries.  Great atmosphere and friendly wait staff  and I enjoyed the whole experience watching the NFL Hall of Fame induction ceremony on the flatscreens while eating."  fries and slaw! all the food groups in one delicious huge bite." "I came to Primanti Brothers after my roommate said Pittsburgh was known for it.  I read several reviews and went with the pastrami sandwich.  It was good.  Just the right amount of meat (I hate it when the meat overpowers the entire sandwich)  I didn't order it The Way It's Supposed To Be. Maybe if you're into cole slaw  the atmosphere was nice but I feel like the food just didn't live up to it's name." After sitting there and being ignored for 25 minutes we just left! "I'm with others here - not a lover of Primanti Bros.  Sandwiches are fine (I have ordered the turkey and cheese) but the service is horrible.  Rude I don't think I will ever go back again." I don't like coleslaw." A must when visiting PGH." I am still trying to figure out how to transport a few sandwiches back on the plane.....There is just something about Pittsburgh and their traditional comfort food!  I have addicted my husband. "Pretty good.  Not food network worthy.  I would be critical of the cleanliness of the restaurant at market square You get a huge sandwich that could be split between two people. Service was quick and attentive!" I might go back to check out the nightlife. I'll update my review then."  go do it to say you had a colossal sandwich and lived the ""Pittsburgh"" experience. Apart from that Overall service was great."  coleslaw and french fires. It was very messy to eat but it was so good. I only drawback to this place was the service. My waitress was not very friendly and she got my order mixed up with the table next to me. She didn't even apologize for the mix up. Other than that it was a great experience and I recommend anyone who is going to the steel city to get some Primanti Bros."  almost exactly one year later I had my 2nd Primanti Bros sandwich. This time I give it 5 stars. It's a great place. It's local  GIANT-sized sandwich and a real PGH experience  go here! If you just need your fill of a sandwich with more sides on it than you usually order in a regular sitting  you've gotta try this place. It gets on all the ""places to eat before you die"" lists for a reason."  but wouldn't hesitate to recommend.  Great tasting glutinous original sandwiches at decent prices The fries are just greasy enough to make the sandwich sinful! I'm not a big Cole slaw person but I can't resist a roast beef w egg at the closest Primanti Brothers!!!"  so maybe that's why i didn't like the sandwich as much. There was a little bit too much fries and coleslaw on it for me. The bread was outstanding though! I would still recommend going there for the experience!" "The original place in the Strip District is the best by far. Capicola & Cheese is my fav and though I'm not a fan of cole slaw  and the italian bread all came together in a really HUGE sandwhich that was really good for a few reasons.  Flavor  then super crowded and he got everybody out within twenty minutes. That's service." I would recommend trying Primanti's if you're in the area!"  like the area that it's in. Old school. Have to give it a try thou. World famous. I would give it a 3 and 1 2 stars." "I understand Primanti is a historic institution here in Pittsburgh but other than the name I don't think it has much going on unless you're in the mood for quantity versus quality. I got reeled into my experience because everyone said to try it when I moved here. Really simple menu as you just choose the meat you'd like in your sandwich. I went with pastrami which was good but the combination of the cole slaw  let me recommend Langers (look it up). The place is a landmark in Los Angeles and their pastrami and corned beef is absolutely second-to-none. In a fight  and tradition makes this place pretty unique "Was in town for the day and took an order to go.  The roast beef & cheese sanwich w  an egg was awesome!  I don't like coleslaw We ended up going there twice (Pittsburgh downtown restaurants are strangely closed on sunday mornings) I would say overall verdict: try the place but try with an open mind." The classic pastrami is too good! Crisped edges and stacked with vinegary slaw and crisp homey fries!  Lived up to the hype! Trip was worth it." P.S.: I got a pen that says Primanti Bros on it. Yeah. Be jealous." Classic Pittsburgh Primanti's. Great place to watch a game and get a bite to eat.  in a sandwich... but it works. def something to try if when you're out there."  but I had a pastrami sandwich and I thought it was quite bland. The only flavors were vinegar and pepper. It was better with hot sauce the Primanti Bros sammich was everything I expected it to be...and I inhaled it!  That's all I'll say. I wish I had realized they were serving these at the Pirates Park.  I saw no food of interest and only had beer... not even yuengling NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ Be warned that everything here comes with french fries Primantis sucks...go to Fatheads on the Southside or Uncle Sam's in Oakland."  if you are a local come for the nostalgic name." This is a must stop in Pitt just as everyone knows and tells you so do yourself a favor and listen to them!" "I realize it's a sandwich shop and I dared to order a salad - but their menu is limited - so why put something on it if you're not going to do it right? Ordered a grilled chicken salad  that was on point. I'm not sure if I should have put Ketchup on my sandwich or what the hell to do with the heap of potatoes in the sandwich? I really can't wait for a rematch with this place  for their sake) probably had to wipe the messiness of his face. They had their heads down following in Bruce's large sweaty shadow walking out of the place Two complaints. The sandwiches are not as big as you would think. They are bigger than most deli-style sandwiches but not quite as colossal as I thought it would be. Also That's what you're getting here." great place for a good sandwich that is unique to Pittsburgh. Price is good beer was cold. A must if going to Pittsburgh. Not saying it is best food ever. Saying it is well worth the experience. Sorta like first philly cheesesteak.  cheap beer and sammies with fries and slaw on them -- the way they have been doing it since the 1930s.  Thats what the advertise and that's what they deliver -- every time.    Cap and cheese with a frosty IC Light -- heaven." "I love this place. Their sammies are awesome. I am not a coleslaw fan but like it and choose to eat it here. The pictures below describe it nicely. It's a sandwhich with coleslaw and french fries on it. It may not sound right but it's excellent. The service isn't the best but it's usually because they are verrrry busy. It's not your healthiest place but hey I think I need to learn my lesson and stop going there.  I would have given it 2 stars but it seems like such a Pittsburgh staple that I didn't have the heart to dock them any stars.  See  but they looked like pretty good prices.  The place was very crowded and you seat yourself.  We lucked up on an empty table I can definitely see why these sandwiches have the following that they do. I can see myself going back next time my travels take me to Pittsburgh." If you pass through Pittsburgh this place is a must visit. Their specialty sandwich is like no other. They're a little short on conversation but I guess that's part of the packaged deal. If I ever moved to Pittsburgh I'd move near one of their locations ; ) "The meat and cheese of your choice topped with slaw and fries is what I call a sandwich!  They are huge and delicious.  I couldn't eat these all the time They have TVs and bar seating as well in here. So it's a great place to go watch a sporting event with friends." Enjoyed the Cajun chicken sandwich. It includes fries and Cole slaw - both of which were good.  but since I almost fainted due to claustrophobia in the narrow stairwell on my way to the pissah  service is slow and you have to get up to get a drink refill from the cashier.  Yes it's unique having fries and cole slaw on your sandwiches "Loved the food! Heard about it on the Travel Channel and since I was in Pittsburgh for a conference I decided to go. Me and a friend went and we ordered two sandwiches: The Cajun Chicken Brest & Cheese and the Pastrami & Cheese. Both sandwiches came topped with lettuce "Primanti's is a Pittsburgh institution.  The original is in the strip district just outside of downtown proper.  They are famous for large sandwiches with the fries IN the sandwich Had the cheesesteak. It was ok. Nothing special. Like most ""fat sandwiches "I was raised in PGH and just love primanti's. Roast beef and cheese for me. The fries and slaw are what make the sandwich.  The best sandwich on the planet. It is not fancy but it is great. I just wish they would go national Their beer menus are totally standard types. They're cold and frothy and wash down the salt and grease perfectly."  I'm about to chow down on that Pittsburgh grease fest awaiting my attention." OK - I'll agree that everyone should experience a Primanti sandwich. But having experienced it  it took me almost ten years to get around to visiting this place Service was a little lame as I barely could understand our ""too cool"" server.  He seemed disinterested in us for the most part.  The pregnant waitress who helped us out once seemed more congenial and helpful.  I like the fact that it is small and fast.  I just don't get the vast appeal.  I need sauces  Southside comes up third in my book.  I haven't been to others.  If you're coming in from out of town though  Beer was cold on a hot day and my sandwich was satisfying.  What more could you really ask for from a sandwich joint?"  its definitely worth a stop... and with locations all over the Pittsburgh area "I've been to this particular location a few times and it's been great! The service was so-so but the times i've been it was always loaded "Fries were kind of bland and the coleslaw was just ok but the meat was very good. Overall The only bad part about coming to Pittsburgh and visiting Primanti Bros is that we had to go back home the next day!"  Primanti Brothers is a definite must try if you are passing through "This place isn't for a light lunch. Their famous sandwiches include a variety of grilled meats (the cheese steak its second-best seller) with french fries  great food in a nice little square for people watching."  they don't give you plates or forks or knives (they bring you your food on a sheet of wax paper). I'm not sure if they take credit cards (we paid with cash) "Stopped at the Market Square Primanti's this weekend after a Pirates game.  Salami sandwich was out of this world I really don't know what the hype is about.  I was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant. NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ  but nothing special about it. I had the cheese fries (it was pretty much molten cheese with bits of fries in it) and the cheese steak sandwich.  It was definitely great to try but I didn't enjoy the mess and the sandwich was a bit bland. Great location to people watch The ambiance and food are very good. Been to other places before but this definitely beats all the other places hands down (other than the original one on the strip). Was there at night and the combo with IC Light Man can and Burger for under $10 that was a little unbelievable. This is not food for faint heart. They add generous portions of fries and cole slaw which are deliciously dripping as you savor them.  add egg. When did she miss the ""no tomato""? I got my sammich (eventually) and there was the tomato. I immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again MIA. She just disappeared again. I waited as long as I could but she never came back. I finally carried the sloppy tomato seed-covered bread back into the restaurant myself and told the cook I needed a new piece of bread. He gave it to me with a funny look  very bad overall. The should have a manager on duty. I wont be back. thanks"  greasy but delicious and with the fries and slaw are on the sandwich! which was strange! It was not easy to eat it  but do remember ordering two sandwiches only to come back 4 hours later to order another.  i do remember the monstrosity of the sandwich w o skimping out on the meats and w  a good ratio of meats So there you have it.  I do feel like a giant weight has been lifted off of my shoulders.  I no longer have to carry around my terrible  were not that good. It was all french fries and very little meat.  My husband and I were almost mad at how little meat was on the sandwiches.  We won't be going back but at least we experienced it." "So this is a Pittsburgh instiitution??  Am so underwhelmed.  After waiting more than 20 minutes for our sandwiches (in the end these are still just sandwiches) I hit the Primanti Brothers Market Square location to see if the sandwich lives up to the legend and it does. The shop offers a wide array of versions from beef to fish but the grilled steak has rich flavor that is nicely cut by the slightly vinegary Cole slaw. The addition of the fries and Cole slaw on top of the sandwich will make any of the offerings at Primanti a delicious and unique flavor of Pittsburgh. I love primanti's but this local is less consistent than the strip. Need more fries on sandwiches. Generally packed during lunch. "I had been wanting to try a Primantis sandwich ever since I seen it on Man v Food. Went to Pittsburgh for a weekend trip to the zoo and aquarium so we had to stop!  Had a ragin' cajun chicken sandwich. It was great! Normally I hate coleslaw but this was something different. Not your normal mayonnaise-y coleslaw  but I definitely will skip next time I'm in town."  but take your money elsewhere and buy good-tasting food instead of kitsch."  and if you're a snobby chick that refuses to eat like a man then don't even bother visiting. This place is seriously cool and it's featured on the Food Network  then it makes absolutely no sense to come here at all. You're here for the most unhealthy and delicious sandwich you'll ever have  so it was a must try while I was in Pittsburgh. I was not disappoint. I would come back the next time I am in Pittsburgh."  I was not disappoint after eating their #2 almost famous pittsburger.  Next time "There was basically no cheese on my ""cheese combo sandwich"" "Boring sandwich. Period. I fell for the ""hype"" and while it was filling for $7 bucks I am glad to say that I experienced the famous Primanti Bros for myself Soooo...yeah skip. Their time is past...unless you are drunk..."  coslau. That's what they are know for but you can get it without all that stuff. Yes its a place for kids and yes they have TVs. I wouldn't really look at it as a bar. When you go there you must be really hungry. I would say you shouldn't have Attn in the last past 7 hours. i give pamanti bros a 5 thumbs up (IF I HAD FIVE THUMBS). Its also in walking distance from the steelers and the pirates Field."  but it's less diner and more bar than the Strip District Primanti. Overall "Easily the best sandwich I have ever ate. I can see why year after year this sandwich ranks tops in the country. I never had a sadnwich with cole slaw and french fries on it It's downtown near offices but doesn't seem to suit the after-work get together well. The food is still a decent value but that's about all it has going for it."  a Primanti Bros sandwich would be a wise choice." Locations other than this one in Market Square include the Strip  each sandwich is finished with fries. The place is classic and charming and goofy and a heart attack just smelling the fumes - but it's fun and unique and the food is quite good if you can avoid thinking about the health affects. The photos should do all the talking needed. At least I can check the box." Definitely a fan of all their sandwiches. Worth the drive from anywhere. And if you're a local and have never eaten here you don't know what you're missing. Definitely a lot of sandwich for the $.  A legendary Pittsburgh establishment through and through.  but it ended up being totally fine and a lot of fun). I had the standard Angus steak sandwich thing that comes with fries inside. Very good At first I didn't like this place. I tried a few sandwiches and liked the Pittsburgh classic idea more than the actual food. I was about to give up when I tried the roast beef. It's my sandwich every time I go now. I'll be back. "I loved my Pgh-style sandwich with cole slaw and fries in it. Wish I could have my sandwich like that everyday! The quality of the bread  giant sandwich I'd take the germs any day." Good beer and food was really good but the service was mediocre at best. But I love that I can here the game and not random music by Rihanna  this is the perfect place and you won't be disappointed. If you are a college student  where even on a busy night I managed to get food in a decent amount of time. I certainly will not be coming to the downtown location if I spot my previous  but I wouldn't go solo.  The blandness of the food is what kills it for me.  I would rather get a sandwich that is half the size with more flavor Great service very helpful...I had the guys pick the sandwich for me.  I got There best selling burger....it was a hamburger with fries in it.   Not a fan of the idea.  Overall kinda boring(Sorry) but it is what it is.  The meat tasted like meat which was a nice change but the toppings were just down right sad.  Fries where a  step up from the norm and for a price of under 7 bucks it sure beats any fast food chain."  a cheesesteak with a heaping helping of cole slaw and fries. A Pittsburgh institution "Good Sandwich and a Great location. The server was a helpful guy that gave good guidance on what to order! This is a Pittsburgh cornerstone restaurant that I've heard about for years and I knew I had to try. I've read some of the reviews and the complainers who have all these petty complaints about not enough cheese or the sandwich being messy...give me a break and just head back to your high maintenance arugula chutney  as it's hard to tell who's been waiting for a table and encourages you to hover over other diners to snag an elusive seat on a weekend night).  I loved my bologna sandwich The place itself is small and good for a group of four.  Eight if you don't mind sitting at two separate tables that are relatively close to each other."  but a bit of a touristic atmosphere.  I'm a stickler for the original in the strip!" "Years ago I saw Primanti Bros. on the food network while I lived in Ohio. I promised myself that when given the opportunity to try them I would.  I came on a lovely Friday afternoon so all the out door tables were taken. We came inside and sat at the bar. I ordered the bacon sandwich (bacon We checked of the ""Primanti Bros"" box I have eaten better sandwiches but stopping for lunch at Primanti Bros was an overall great experience. I sat inside at the bar where I was afforded a bird's eye view of the grill. You should expect to eat a sandwich with a handful of french fries and a handful of cole slaw smashed on top of whatever meat cheese combination you may have ordered. I would definitely recommend sitting at the bar to take in the full experience. "Don't go on trash night and sit outside  I was excited to try Pittsburgh's version.  I was sadly disappointed.  The fries were unseasoned "Can't go to Pittsburgh and not try one of their sandwiches! A bit overrated in my option though... Sandwiches are huge Sandwiches are great - all of them come with coleslaw and frenchfries (ON the sandwich).  They have a full bar at this location.   It was in the high 80's with high humidity so a Blue Moon went perfect with our meals." NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ it lived up to the hype! The Angus steak sandwich with cheese was phenomenal! I loved the sandwich with the fries and slaw in top ... Great stuff! Next time I am in Pittsburgh  I'll be back! French fries & slaw on sandwiches is the best thing since.....(dare I say it?)......sliced bread....." Choose wisely.  Go to Meat & Potatoes instead  so some folks who build the place up in their mind after seeing it 14 times on the food channel are bound to be disappointed.  But if you take it for what it really is...  Well  if you're on Market Square and are hungry for inexpensive (considering some of the other options there) and mediocare quick meal  he brought me a menu and then proceeded to ignore me for 10 minutes.  I walked again.  No more tries here.  Maybe I'm doing something wrong?  Haha."  its definitely worth a try."  but only because they are over stuffed with fries and cole slaw . To steal a line from a old TV commercial .... WERE'S THE BEEF .....  A major major dissapointment ." I appreciate that they're not aiming at  customers like me.  Big sloppy sandwiches are fun for a lot of people so I hate to be a party pooper "I was really looking forward to a huge tasty sandwich but was greatly disappointed! Everything was bland  would I go back and eat a sandwich from there again? And the answer was "I can see why people come here....the prices are great and the sandwiches are huge....after the bf saw Primanti Bros on one of the food networks  and the internets sent me here.  Do not be intimidated to walk in this dump.  I went to the take out line and ordered a spicy sandwich something or another.  The bartenders are either overworked or just don't give a shit cause I waited for a while before ordering.  But stay strong While the food was good as always it wasn't worth the wait because it just took to long. The service wasn't nice at all and I wouldn't tell anybody to come here when it's crowded." First time ever in Pittsburg and had to have Primanti Bros. Sandwich was awesome! (Cheesesteak) and a tall Yuengling to go with. Perfection! In Pittsburgh it seems french fries are treated more like a condiment than a side. I'm not much of a sandwich fan but  Primanti's really does serve up a huge and filling sandwich for a decent price. Went to primantis while getting ready to enjoy the football fame the next day. We walked in and had no clue what to do or what to get. A gentleman yelled at us saying two seats at the bar. Thanked him and sat down. We sat long enough to take pictures. Ordered  two beers came back ordered our sandwiches. Yummy! Nice people behind the counter... "This place holds a nostalgic appeal for people born and raised in Pittsburgh who grew up eating here. If that experience is what your looking for  so my suggestion is if you want a good Food and can wait an hour feel free and come here. If you don't have the time just go next door to the Subway." I stand by my decision: Pass."  whatever meat you'd like in between the famous mancinis bread. I love this location especially because of the hours. Living downtown it's hard to find places to eat late at night but the market Sqaure primantis is open till 12 o'clock 7 days a week. I've tried variations of the sandwich but my favorite so far is the pastrami. I went tonight and I'll be back again the near future." Their vegetable soup was great!  The people who work there are the best.  Amazing service."  but I'll take my chances. I suppose it helps that my doctor's office is 2  I got the deluxe double egg and cheese.  The portion was HUGE and very messy!  More messy than boogers coming out from a runny nose.  The sandwich I got was really good and filling.  I would recommend this place for visitors from afar and who happens to be in the neighborhood."  or they need to train their staff to be more polite and efficient. We will definitely not be coming back the next time we are in town. Our money is better spent else where."  and a small piece of overcooked fish all piled together. Warm yiengling and mediocre service.   Aweful" Super friendly staff. Got there in the morning before the lunch rush. He sandwich is huge and delicious. "Had such high hopes for this place on our visit to Pittsburgh.  The presentation of the sandwiches were making my mouth water With this I would absolutely recommend at least trying it once if you never have." Tastes better when watching a NY Giants game!"  and don't forget to pair it with a yuengling and a whole bunch of the cayenne pepper sauce.  also - make sure to say 'hi' to lefty!  he'll appreciate that."  I would definitely return because I want to try some of the other menu items.  I've heard double-meat is the way to go.  I'm intrigued."  Primanti's is definitely one of a kind.  I don't know of anywhere else you can get burly bartenders to slam down a mess of a sandwich in wax paper on your table (something the suburban restaurants fail to provide).  If you're going to go Worst service ever.  The waitress and I use that term loosely rolled her eyes at any question when ordering and yelled at someone at the table for asking for coleslaw on the side.  Then she had to come back and re ask the orders again and got mad when we repeated about the coleslaw since she didn't repeat it back.  When she brought out the food she just slammed the food down and just shouted out the name of one of the sandwiches um are you asking who had which sandwich which is your job to remember anyways.  I'm glad I don't live in Pittsburgh to have to worry about avoiding this place.  ended up being a weird patty almost like a meatloaf (not a burger). Not sure I'd order that again. Pastrami and cheese was still good. Wish the egg came a little runny." "Can I give this place ZERO stars? They're supposively ""famous"" for their sandwiches so some friends and I go when we are in town. The waitresses all rolled their eyes and glared at me for not wanting my fries on top of my sandwich. (Not to mention the waitress was in the skimpiest tank top with her bra hanging out while waiting on us and grilling food. Gross.) I get that your famous for having fries on the sandwich but regardless "This spot was the light of my life for about 3 solid weeks. From the first bite I could tell that parting ways with Pittsburgh would be heartbreaking. After driving out of pittsburgh and paying my friend for his leftover half a sandwich Just the same as always! Good and fun! The food shows bring in too many lookie lous that want to order some kind of foo foo salad though........  how can you screw up a salad? The chicken was tasteless and rubbery. Got it to go and the girl who took the order over the phone was rude and rushed and was equally rude when I picked it up. She assumed she knew my name and my order and handed me a random bag of food. I told her I was missing a sandwich and she tossed another bag at me without saying a word. I will NEVER go back to any of these locations. I'd rather eat a ham sandwich from Sheetz. At least I can get that without an attitude. If you have friends coming to visit from out of town NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ In Pittsburgh visiting Carnegie Mellon U and was told we had to come here. I ordered the local famous burger. Can't remember the name but it was really good. The bartender was cool and the atmosphere was dope too. Cool place. I'd spend my money there again. What a great place with great eats!  Awesome sandwiches - I had a taste of two sandwiches half a pastrami and a capicola and both were topped off by Coleslaw and French Fries. Which went down nicely with out Iron City beers! My motto: eat food you recognize." Okay so I will forever be a fan and will make this a stop every time I'm in PA! The service was laid back but attentive and that pastrami Sammie fully loaded was utter nirvana :) such a cool staple for Pittsburg and I can't wait to go back! Good place to have a sandwich. Outside tables were a nice place to sit and enjoy the city. Slaw was excellent!  lukewarm beef party with bland soggy fries on top. The cold lettuce and tomato cooled the sandwich even more. I enjoyed the coleslaw on top Market square location was confusing because seat yourself but wasn't clear."  sandwich comes in paper and the drinks are in paper cups but the sandwich's are awesome.  I first saw this restaurant on Man vs Food and it looked great  fries and tomato right on the sandwich made it totally unique. Oh and they also have a great craft beer selection."  it's something worth trying if you're new to Pittsburgh. But would I go back? Probably not."  and definitely nothing to write home about.  They did have some decent draft beer options but no one in my group of 10 said they would come back.  Try another ""local"" joint if you have an option."  at the Primanti's in Market Square. It took more than a half hour for my wife to get a cheese steak and the place wasn't even crowded. Missed the first inning of the Pirates game as a result. Boo!" "My friend and I stumbled in here during a road trip to Maryland.  I'm so glad we did.  I had never heard of the place before and we went there because the breakfast place around the corner hadn't even taken our drink order after 20 min of being seated. It was morning and there really wasn't much open in the area.  We weren't sure we wanted lunch food that early Highly disappointing. While sandwich is unique it was totally over cooked and under seasoned. No flavor  and the others in my party were a little disappointed.  I think they may have just made bad choices for their ""meat"" (kielbasa and the Pittsburgher)  burger tasted a lot like my morning star black bean burger that I get frozen.  Coleslaw was a lot better with the hot sauce I smothered on it.  The best part was by far the fries which weren't all that great.  I am glad that those were home made.  I picked all the bread off ate mostly the fries and was not very impressed.  The beer makes everything tastes better so order at least two beers before eating.  I'm not a big foodie but I like my food taste better.  I still ate because I was hungry and it's not uneatable I always try to hit this location when I'm in town. Great staff menu is solid & a Pittsburgh tradition. Great food overall at all locations! Go to another location to eat though. The Market Square location has the most horrible service I've ever experienced. Horrible! "i guess if you are in Pittsburgh and you want to do Pittsburgh things you have to grab a Primanti Bros sandwich but it isn't that good of a sandwich. Pittsburgh is loaded with great places to eat.  you can certainly do better.  having said that  and was greeted by a gargantuan sandwich that I was to learn had both fries and cole slaw IN the sandwich.   Interesting!   Ultimately "This is my go-to place after a Pirate game to wait out the traffic. When it isn't busy the service is great and you can get a quick "I was recommended here by a friend as a place to cross off the Pittsburgh ""bucket list"". I ended up getting the Pittsburger - it met my expectations Absolutely horrible! Frozen meat patty with a dog food like taste and texture on the P'burgher. Seriously how does this place survive? Read Sarah F. review as it mirrored or experience at the strip district location. Will never return to any location!  but this place definitely made me feel at home. The portions are huge! My only regret is that I didn't try to split a meal w  my girlfriend." "Service was bad. Server walked away before we were done ordering and then when someone got her attention she had to return 5 minutes later to re clarify which it was wrong. We didn't see her for a good 20 minutes and had to go up to the bar for refills. She did take one of our cups to refill it  and I personally like it a lot on the sandwich itself. The fries were less excellent. I don't know if they would have been better on the side rather than on the sandwich A Pittsburgh staple! Highly recommend to out-of-towners & Pittsburghers alike. Add hot sauce! It's amazing! I wish they would put one in the Pittsburgh Airport! I had a cheeseburger and it was decent. I'm not a fan of coleslaw which made the burger a little dry after taking it off. I'll have to give something else a try the next time I am in town.  great concept putting the coleslaw and fries in the sandwich but it just tasted bland to me. I asked for them to toast the bread but they said they couldn't do it because it sticks to the grill... ""Can't put a piece of bread on the grill?"" Again  I left half my sandwich completely untouched on the table when I left." I had the famous Pitts-Burger and it was disgusting! The only reason I'm giving it two stars is because of the bread. The bread is super soft and tasty but the meat was gross and the cole slaw was bitter. I don't see what the hype is all about!  but I think that probably amazed the server as much as her server amazed us. All in all I was pleasantly surprised!  I went in with low expectations after seeing the so-so reviews and hearing from people that it's not all it's cracked up to be.  Got the steak sandwich with everything on it.  I ate most of it and wasn't even that hungry to begin with.  Definitely needed salt pepper and the hot sauce they had.  When you add potatoes to a sandwich it tends to make it taste bland unless you have a killer sauce.  The sandwich could feed most people for two meals and it's only $7..great value.  23 oz miller lite was only $4..also so cheap.  We enjoyed sitting at the bar and watching the head cook make quick work of 100+ sandwiches.  These people got the routine down pat.  I would definitely eat it again and appreciate the history of the place. "The restaurant did their level best to make it up to me That said I could see this as a post night out stop and would probably enjoy it a lot more."  now I know why people don't usually put french fries in their sandwiches. Sandwich comes out huge and kind of dry  when your choice was seeing the stories on their televisions about our enemy murdering defenseless journalists or some show about naked people living off the land...kind of stifles the appetite and not appropriate for even the most casual of dining!   I would have expected better from the hipsters running the joint." This was a fun sandwich as I was visiting Pittsburgh. It was neat to hear the origin that truck drivers just wanted their cole slaw & fries slapped in with the sandwich so they could eat it on the go. I appreciate the concept & it's worth a try but I don't need to come back. I liked fat heads more. Was in town on a baseball stadium tour and heard about this place from the locals.I enjoyed my sandwiches and was hooked with the special slaw added to the sandwiches.I was also in luck once we caught the pirates game I noticed they had primantis in the park so I ordered another sandwich. "The beer selection is limited to what you might find in convince store (in states where this is possible. Sandwiches are Pittsburgh landmarks though and the food is good but nothing truly special. Great place to hang with friends "customer service is always nice but dont you all think that this place is little over-rated? Their 'Almost Famous Sandwitches' need some hard work to get famous. Basically Now I have to be on a diet :-)" "We decided to stop by Primanti brothers after hearing all the hype from everyone. We were already primed with the fact that their sandwiches are stuffed with fries so we decided to just share one sandwich. And holy moley was it colossal (well we DID get the colossal fish and cheese). We ended up taking most of the fries out because it got too heavy and filling. The coleslaw in the sandwich was pretty good-- not a huge amount of mayo which is what I like. However "I go to Point Park so this Primanti's is a staple for me and my friends. We go here probably 4 or 5 times a semester - always in groups of at least 4 and often more. The food is so great it's hard to care about anything else. I usually get the capicola with an egg  and there are many of them now around Pittsburgh. You get exactly what you think you are getting Best thing i had in Pittsburgh. My food was hot and quick. The beer was cold and there  was plenty of it. I ate and watched the steelers game. Very nice staff. Definitely stop by again next time i am in town. "Great food and very filling. Definitely need to walk this meal off when finished. Turkey and cheese was delicious. Fish sandwich was ok When going seat yourself. Order some great grub and enjoy yourself. This is a Pittsburgh must." And it was quite warm in there."  my sandwich was just ok. Nothing to write home about. The service blew it for me. And I was so pumped too. Damn." "Service was excellent! There girls work together so well and is like a welcome committee to the city!! Parking was a bit tricky because of some construction in the square  definitely worth the visit-- and great service! Our waitress happened to be from Harrisburg ( that's where we are from!) so we shared some really great conversation!!" "I've tried it twice now because if you ever mention you're going to Pittsburgh the first thing you hear is ""Oh Man It also was super crowded." Wingharts has a burger with fries and cole slaw." The sandwich itself was really tasty and yummy and I could see why it is a Pittsburgh favorite. If we are ever in the area again  and a fistful of French fries layered right in. Come hungry!" "The fabled Primanti's sandwich has been a favorite of yinzers from time immemorial. Now that I live in Vegas  cold. -_- they make up for by pouring scalding hot cheese sauce all over to mask the cold fries. Well played my friend. it doesnt stop me from coming once every 2 months"  you know I'll be back  I always HAVE to get a cheesesteak if possible (when not in Philadelpha!) so getting one at Primanti's was an easy choice to make. Ive heard about this place from multiple people and heard only good things. I love how its a chain Went to this location a few weeks back to watch the national championship game. It was chill and relaxed atmosphere as there  wasn't many people there. The food was alright. I'm not a fan of the sandwiches just too much going on their but the chilli  was really good.  Also the bartender was friendly and checked on us often enough. I'd go back to this  locale.  I eat her usually twice a day when in the burg. The sandwichs are good but this is food steeped in tradition and represents the city well. A sandwich for the people  my friends and I dined at this location. I tried the Ragin Cajun Chicken Breast and Cheese sandwich which was well-worth the 6.99. It came with a moderate helping of coleslaw and tomatoes as well. It was really delicious and the meat was seasoned very well. Would definitely recommend to  people new or visiting the area as it is a unique restaurant among all the fast food and other common chains down the street. This restaurant (not sure which location) was also featured on Man v Food if that adds any incentive."  that is all on one sandwich.  It feels like a heart attack in a rectangular package but is simultaneously delicious.  I personally love the Angus black steak but the most popular version is definitely the cheesesteak This was after waiting 20+ minutes at the register with cash in hand. I understand it's busy- but acknowledge people - appreciate customers! When you tell us to F off- you ar going DOWN! Rude! Not worth it." The noodles are top notch but I hear the sandwichs are even better." "True Pittsburgh original! You can't go to pittsburgh without getting a ""sammich"" ! I love the fries here and the beer of course! Be ready to feel full! Great staff as well !"  look into it to know what it is and start calling the name of the sandwich out at the table.  I do not recommend this place. I should have gone to subway."  it would be 1 star. But the second start is pity for the party size"  we sat outside immediately on an 80deg day. Worth experiencing" "We were in Pittsburgh and decided to try this place since it comes so highly recommended. Neither I nor my husband understood the hype about this place. The sandwich didn't really have much flavor and I would have rather just had the fries on the side with some malt vinegar. It did the trick of filling me up  a hamburger patty served with a pile of slaw and fries on white bread (house made I suspect). It was a good sandwich Other than that the service was good so I gave it two stars."  she said it was beer. That's my type of place. I had seen this mentioned on several Food Network shows and since we were in town to watch the Cardinals vs the Bucs thought we'd give it a try. We've been there My first prim bros experience was at this location fresh baked Cibrones bread with HotSausage Prov fries and slaw good lord Prim Bros is a staple in Pittsburgh and if you can't make it to the Original in the Strip coming here will not disappoint! The staff to me could have done a better job because at first I was confused and no one seemed to be egar to help but other then that great must go! This place is Burgh famous for a reason. GIANT sandwiches are sure to fill you up. Try the Pittsburger! I like bread.  The sandwiches come with an awesome coleslaw and fresh cut fries in them.  I had the knotwurst sandwich and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Should have ordered the 23oz draft though.  My colleague could handle the size of the sandwich though - a lightweight!  We came for lunch and will go back! "First time in Pittsburgh and I was fairly disappointed in the ""coleslaw and fries in the sandwich"" bonanza. It may have been that my expectations were sky high due to the hype from the Food Network reviews and my friend raving about it being a must-have in town. The service was quick "The only thing this place has going for it is the local hype. The sandwiches lack flavor I know there is a lot of hype surrounding this place but I would recommend heading elsewhere." Pittsburgh staple. Got the Ragin' Cajun Chicken sandwich and a Victory Summer Luv to wash it down. Perfect alternative to paying the exuberant Arts Fest food prices. The sandwich was delicious and most filling. The Summer Luv is a yummy summer beer without being lemony or sweet or wheaty that complimented the Cajun Chicken nicely. So glad I elected to stick around town today after work.  adding fries to the burger is a win! It's simple and very good so I can see why our friends who had visited Pittsburgh all told us to try Primanti's. It's a staple in two and has a great history serving some really good food."  you may like the sandwich better than I.  The fries on the sandwich added no additional flavor. I've had much better sandwiches than this and all five of us left the restaurant wondering what all the fuss is about."  OH after hearing about it from some friends and also on Man versus Food.   The very high expectations we had were not met.  The entire staff were great and super friendly but the sandwiches themselves were a little disappointing.  Hate slaw but tried it with slaw anyway.  Scrapped that all off. Nothing special. We shared the corned beef and the salami.   The bread was fresh but so think between the bread and the fries with no salt it over powered the small amount of meet.  So sure it's a huge sandwich at a great price if you want bread with flavorless potatoes on it.  No need to go back but glad we finally tried it.   I do give the fried pickles a 5.  Probably some of the best i have had.  They saved this meal somewhat."  which made me wonder on how quick is was for us to get our food. I sampled other sandwiches that my family got & theirs were much better!! Capicola was on point! And so was the salami!" Ordered the black angus top sirloin steak and cheese for 7.99$ cause the people next to us recommended it however it was nothing special. Way too much coleslaw. Def split it and get ice cream for dessert somewhere else. Only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it! We went because its a Pittsburgh tradition but I cannot say I loved it. It was a sandwich with undercooked fries. Definitely not my favorite.  but didn't taste gross.  All that was left were the cheese and the meats. They may have been the most disappointing because I thought that I could maybe at least enjoy that. Essentially In addition to the famous sandwiches the deep fried pub pickles are also yummy."  but was dying for a taste of Pittsburgh. It is still what I remember and enjoyed every bite. Always a great place for good simple food."  never had a sandwich with fries on it before.  Fried pickles were yummy!  Decent service too."  I got a turkey sandwich with the coleslaw and fries on it. Sounds interesting but the coleslaw was slightly bitter and I'm used to coleslaw being a little sweet. Too many fries on the sandwich. Trust me on this I wouldn't recommend this place. There is much better places right in market square." "The sandwiches seem like a neat idea because they're stuffed with Fries and coleslaw.  But that's about all you taste when you eat their sandwiches.  In reality there's very little meat  it's not worth the wait or the money!" "Saw this place featured on the travel channel and was looking forwarded to trying it.  Got here and the place had limited customers and were not busy "Our first day in town some colleagues of mine went here for dinner. They didn't have anything good to say. Finding that odd with all the Yelp reviews we tried it anyway after the Pirates game. It was about a 10-15 minute easy walk. My buddy and I ordered two sandwiches the capicola and pastrami. They were great! Service was decent It was a cool atmosphere and they had an outdoor seating area.  The staff was fun and energetic.  Great late night food after a night of drinking.  I would definately recommend this place to a friend."  nor do I care to do so. Other places simply cannot execute this meal with the skill and confidence of Primanti Bros." "Our server olia was very friendly throughout the madness of market square tonight.  The sandwiches were great  but the food (decent portions of fairly standard bar food) was only reasonably good." Good atmosphere especially if it's nice outside to sit and eat. The food is good and it's a staple here in Pittsburgh. Easy to pick from menu and very friendly service. Beer here is great too! "What?  This place was insane today!  Slinging the food like nobody's business!  So fun to watch and so busy today!  Only regret was sharing a sandwich with my dining partner and getting the small half!  Deliciously decadent Place was pretty good. First time in Pittsburgh over the past weekend. Chilli cheese fries were awesome! And the #2 best seller was ok I guess. It was good but I didn't love it. .. "It's good if you're in a pinch (or don't have cash) but do yourself a favor and hit-up the original location on 18th street. Seriously  but extremely inattentive. I'm going to go ahead and play my ""I Waited on Tables in High Volume Restaurants for Several Years"" card just so I can say that even during lunch rush "After much recommendation we stopped here for lunch while we were in Pittsburgh for a wedding the other day.  I had never been there before so I asked the waitress for recommendations and she had suggested the angus beef or pastrami.  I had turkey on my mind so I ordered the turkey sandwich and my husband had the angus beef.  When we got the sandwiches both of them were overstuffed with the meat  and fries. It was good but not as good as many try and make it out to be. Definitely different. I also had wings and beer and those items were great.  Also  bread but it is soft and easy to eat. I was surprised that that fries (which are on the sandwich) aren't soggy. I selected the beef. Only three stars because although it has fresh flavor it's very plain. No spices or fresh herbs makes it a very flat sandwich experience."  Pittsburgher cheese steak and corn beef and cheese!! Taste great!! Service was good  you should definitely try it. No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stop at Primanti Bros. There's not much else I can say that hasn't been said in 100 other reviews." The bathroom needs a deep clean but otherwise the place looked spotless." Crazy theory for a sandwich..Cole slaw & French Fries stacked on the sandwich?!? I figured why not... It was Awesome!  watched tv and let the lunch hour slip away with a corned beef and cheese. The staff were nice  for what it's worth... we heard from native Pittsburghers that this one in Market Square and the other one on The Strip are the only two you should go to Totally cool place! Very comfortable and nothing fancy. It's a great place for anyone but it's especially a great place for a steelers fan! And the sandwich's are totally worth it. You can't go wrong here!  also has tables outside so you can enjoy the view when weather is right. They also have music the tables are comfortable" Loved their Food! Lived up to the reputation.  in Pittsburgh and having the Pittsburger! I came and it was everything I dreamed it would be lol. Simple: Get there  took them a while to realize we just sat down. I recommend them to clean their tables and chairs a little better. I sat on a chair and it was a little sticky. Other than that it wasn't too bad. Next time I go back to this place "" native Pittsburghers told me.  But I insisted.  It was fantastic!  Sloppy sandwiches and greasy fries  but hardly any pastrami. The fries weren't very good either -- took them off and was left with a sub-par sandwich."  this place is awesome. Had an amazing sandwich and great service. The locals here were so nice. The area is great. We are from albuquerque and the people in pittsburgh have been great. This restaurant bar rocks!!!!" This was perfect late night hot spot after skating I the MASS MUTUAL skating rink."  make sure to request to sit outdoors because it's super pretty!" Ps- for those who show up at 2:00 and expect to be served after last call.:: and then proceed to act rude about it... Consider that each and every person who works at primanti Bros works hard and deserves to go home. Don't be entitled and feel like you deserve to be served just because you're inside the restaurant. Show respect!" My advice:  Locals must not know shit from their asshole.  There are a lot of other great places around this location   and sweet sausage  cheese sandwiches. Great food--loved the pub pickles! Service somewhat lacking but great experience overall. Worth the wait!" had almost finished. Sure enough the food that had been sitting on the grill was ours - it was over cooked and burned.  I sent it back - showed the gal my burned pastrami sandwich.  Her response was that the black or burn was my pastrami.  She has an attitude and reluctantly made me a new one in 5 minutes. The ice tea tasted old and we had to wait until we got the bill to get a refill.  In watching this operation from the counter they were more interested in singing the words to piped in music than serving the customers. This staff needs some serious lessons in public relations and social skills. For the most part they were rude and inattentive.  The food was ok.  I felt bad for the other couple who brought us here - they apologized several times for the service and our bad experience.  People make or break a business- too bad a few employees can tarnish a businesses reputation- I will not recommend this place - sorry. One star - should be no star  and tasty meat. Getting a seat near the grill was an added bonus for the experience. Efficient I highly recommend the pastrami. It's always lean and tender."  try getting a patio table. You wont be disappointed. I also like to sit at the bar too because I get a chance to see how the sammich is made! I like that they have their systems!"  and cool scenery in Market Square. Arrived around 9pm with my pal jimmy and ordered the spicy ham sandwich - sooooo good. Parking sucks  the sandwich is not something I would do again "Disgusting. Truly one of my least favorite places to visit in the neighborhood. Guests always mention they can't wait to try go here. I dread it at this point. Id prefer to never go back to this location. The staff is friendly. The bar isn't terrible  while Karen had the Pitts-Burger.  Lunch was relatively inexpensive Great interesting menu. Food was very good silverware scarce. The plastic ware was flimsy. I love that this location is next to many different bars and pubs  the internet makes this place sound like an important place to try in Pittsburgh. Give it a shot of youre in town and looking for something casual and not too adventurous."  and french fries! This location was cool because it's right downtown in market square with a cool vibe. I would have another Pittsburgher next time I'm in town."  very enjoyable.  Had the pastrami and was leary about having coleslaw on the sandwich but it works. Add a little hot sauce and it is perfect." "Service is outstanding. Mozzarella was great. But never having been before I was looking for a burger.  I did not get a burger. It was some type of mixed patty I got the Pittsburgh + Cheese and it was enough to fill me up without eating an appetizer or sides."  so I got up and walked out. Never going back. I know these guys are a staple of PGH "I eat Primanti's every time I'm in Pittsburgh. Happened to have two days off while here for work and ate here for the second time today. Their fires are properly made  but we got good service for a good price.  The small guy with glasses who was cooking put on a great show and was fun to talk to.  If we hadn't gorged on 5 Guys ten minutes earlier You will leave smelling like cooking oil. And their beer selection sucks. They had one local beer  but when I called in to place a to-go order I was hung up on 3 times!! Horrible customer service! Y'all will not be getting ANY business  recommendations from me!" "My husband and I shared the Pitts-Burger sandwich and it was just the right amount of food. It was served on 2 thick slices of soft white bread and topped with fries and a crunchy "This is a decent sandwich place that is a staple of Pittsburgh. The special feature of this place is that the fries are placed into the sandwich instead of on the side. The sandwiches are very large "The bomb-diggity of Pittsburgh restaurants!  Fries an slaw on phenomenal local bread with ever sandwich combo you'd expect. Many other menu choices all of consistent quality...Great funky good time atmosphere without pretentiousness. Lots of Pittsburgh ""vibe""! Great food "Really not sure what all the hype and popularity of this place is all about. Sandwich was meh. Fries were meh. Tater tots were meh. But the dipping sauce for the tots were on point. That's about it.  There is very little meat on the sandwich. It's mostly bread and a huge clump of coleslaw. Came here because everyone says it's ""the place"" when in Pittsburgh. I'd pass....  Service isn't that great either."  but they could have used more seasoning for the different layers. We were excited to try them  drive in's and dives. Guy said that this is a must visit place. It was a group of us and we sat outside. The service was prompt and friendly. I ordered a Angus steak and cheese sandwich and a draft Summer ale. The sandwich was huge (see pic). Every sandwich has coleslaw and french fries on it. The cole slaw is a vinegar based slaw. It is is a little different but it had a nice tang to the sandwich. Although the sandwich was huge there really is not a lot of meat. You can ask for additional meat for a small charge. Overall it was a good experience but not quite as mind blowing as Guy described." It's definitely unique and worth a try. I didn't really like the sandwich that much but it's unique and the service was really polite and fast. It's a ""must see"" place while in Pittsburgh!"  I will probably be back. If it was any other sandwich shop  friends were messaging me begging me to bring back sandwiches for them (all the way from Pittsburgh to Rochester Quick service.  There was a line outside waiting to get seated for lunch and it didn't take too long to get seated.  I ordered the colossal fish and cheese and it was good but it wasn't as good as what everyone hypes it up to be. Maybe there are better choices other than the fish.  and the meat was tender. The meat and bread both left me wanting more. The Italian bread was thick...and that's about all I can say for it. Wholly generic otherwise. The meat also lacked any distinguishing flavor other than ""meaty."" I really could have used some more seasoning and flavor from the two biggest components of the sandwich. I'm glad we made it out to Primanti Bros So as a Ravens fan Baltimore boy I'll admit  Primantis is good! But Steelers still suck ass!!  Caw Caw!!!" NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ  but the food is kinda disappointing. Still a good place to guzzle beer and zone out to tv" Primanti's used to be special-single location with good service NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ "Came here because of the history behind it (and a recommendation from my uber driver). The sandwich is honestly more for the experience than the taste. It has too much going on and the flavor a are not a good compliment. The lettuce (which I suspect is actually shaved cabbage) is overpowering Also a little insider info... If your are wondering what their number 1 seller is... It's beer (more specifically Iron City  but I understand that it was a super busy Friday dinner. I would still highly recommend giving this place a try if you haven't been before I am visiting from California and was very disappointed with the service and food. It was all bread and coleslaw. The waiter was not nice at all!  Blah!!!! I hear that Sunnyledge is known for their cocktails as well as their stay.  Next time I am in Pittsburgh "I only go here for the martinis. I've never had the food. The bar is an excellent cozy place that works for couples and groups. There is an assortment of non-traditional martinis. The prices are extremely reasonable($8 for a very generous martini) and the staff is excellent. The only sad thing is they have Hendricks gin  the name of this place is ""Sunnyledge Boutique Hotel & Tea Room"".  ""Historic"" is not part of the name."  I will make sure it's well known and will take printed copies of this and put them up around Sunnyledge and use every contact I have to get this printed in the Post Gazette and City Paper.  I have the means  quaint and a little quirky this is the place to stay. Located next to Carnegie Mellon University and within walking distance of the University of Pittsburgh. The surrounding neighbourhood is filled with similar old well kept mansions from 1880's and makes for pleasant walking. I will return to this hotel on my next trip to Pittsburgh. Would have been 5 stars if I had my own coffee maker in the room The menu isn't too bad either. I had their duck wrap and sliders one time. The fries were different. Not bad. but not exceptional. The only issue I have with the food is that the servings are really small and aren't worth the money you spend on it but if you go there on an empty stomach and end up ordering 4 martini's (8 total drinks) then you will need to get something to eat."  this hotel must have come upon hard times or new management. If you are staying at the hotel and need a drink Went there for a dinner date a few months ago.   My dining companion and I both got food poisoning.   Neither of us were surprised.  The food handling left much to be desired.  the wait staff makes you feel at home & it is a good place to relax and have a few drinks with friends." "The food is always good here.  You taste the specials and you know there is talent behind the food. Wished they ran lunch specials every day.  Drinks are stiff  it must have been in the back because we were watching sports on an antique television over the bar. They did have $1 Budweiser cans when we were there and Southern Tier on draft. Seems to be something on special most days."  the prices are crazy high!" Have been a few times. Food is usually ok. Nothing to brag about. But last night it took 1.5 hrs to get a burger. Management didn't even come by table to apologize about the wait. You would think they would a least do that. Waiter was great tho. Atmosphere was warm and non pretentious" Here for trivia night on Tuesday night. Love me some Christina but they are way under staffed. It took almost an hour to get out food. Good food but this is ridiculous.  We had to go to the bar to order drinks. They need to get some help in here or people will stop coming! Service has improved and the food is good We had a great time there tonight- there were 7 of us. The food was terrific and the service was great! We will definitely be back the next time we're in town!  I would've expected it to at least be edible. The hollandaise sauce was sour and had a horrible vinegar taste to it. The only decent part of the meal was the potatoes Never realyl a huge complaint on any of the food." Great burgers!  Used for catering a number of times.  Very good!  Did an amazing breakfast for my staff! It's a great place to have lunch uptown. When the weather is nice you can sit on the patio and people watch. It's a safe place to bring non-adventurous lunch guests  not pushy and generally very accommodating to the diner.  If you're in uptown and want a good beer (summer wheat and stouts were excellent)  me and my wife went here many times since moving to charyork [since everybody here is from nyc!!!]lol.  the fist two times the food was great! let me recomend the spicy nachos!!! omg! the best! in charlotte! and the shrimp and grits! southern perfection! but the 3rd times the charm! were in the hell did they get there waiter staff from the circus! these guys and gals have no sense of whats going onin the kitchen. if better give your waiter or waitess step by step directions on our food! but for the money and qulity of food rock bottom gets passed on the chop block!"  cause it was crowded. The wait was 35-50 minutes. I really didn't know what to choose --- so i end up ordering Beer Battered Fish and Chips (os os) and the ribs and chicken combo w  fries (os os). There was nothing really special about the food. Charlotte doesn't have much to offer when it comes to food =P" outdoor seating too - a+"  not disappointing.  RB is average across the board.  Try the Hazelnut Crusted Chicken."  with pineapple sauce on top and rice pilaf underneath. I am craving it again as I type this. It is also very cool to walk into a place and order your beer by saying ""red It's also a great venue for events. I attended a work-related party here  & remember to order my beer before I eat my meal."  their own creations. Try 'em all. They're really good."  inviting and warm destination for anyone looking for an afterwork drink or evening out."  casual get-to-know-you meal in nice surroundings without any pretension.  It can even serve as a great standby if everything else Uptown is too crowded or you can't decide where to eat.  You'll never be disappointed."  then this place is good. Fun for after Alive After Five downtown. The bathrooms at this place are pretty cool-- you get to see all the brewery things in the back. Even though it's a large restaurant A very pleasant experience. I'd have no problem going back here if I'm Uptown." It's a five mimute walk to the Bobcat's and the Blue Line Lynx with easy access stop to Panthers." Checked this place out while on vacation. They had pretty decent food but the atmosphere was very chain restaurant like. But great beer! Note:  You can park in the parking garage and get your ticket validated for 2 hours of free parking."  stout was great.  Rest of them were not good IMO.  Food is so so - not really worthy of 3 stars and wait time was long but it was a Saturday prom evening so it's OK.  They got the third star from me for the service; waitress was great and once seated  there was a lot across the street and a garage attached to the building. Overall Classic chain fare - great for lunch & as a place when you can't get into anywhere else.  Service at this location was great. Our first time visit today. Food was very good and service was great. ! Oh man and I tried the seasonal beer - a bock - which was a pretty good deal.  We figured that it was 25% more beer than the standard serving but at only 12.5% higher cost.  Anyway the brew was a knockout.  Don't drink it on an empty stomach  their fish tacos are pretty good. This is a good last minute place to check out a brew a snack and catch some updates on your favorite sports on their flat screens strategically placed through out the bar." "I'd have to say it was no where near an awesome experience. We tried to order a pitcher of the IPA and the waitress stops us and is like do you like IPAS? do you know what your ordering? i was like yes i like IPAS im capable of ordering a beer like a grown up. maybe next time be like hey our ipa is exceptionally hoppy compared to other ipas The staff are very friendly and professional; they actually make sure you're doing OK unlike wait staff at most sports bars.  I've never been treated rudely or indifferently here-I would vouch for the service any day.  What then My only beef with Uptown dining is the absolute dearth of parking. This has the advantage of being across from a good-sized parking lot." Would definitely hit up this place if I'm ever back in Charlotte again. =) Go try it!." ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw  with nothing really great on it.  I just got the nachos (found as an appetizer) and my friend got the burger.  The nachos were overcooked and semi-stale.  The beer was decent "Very much enjoyed this place. Nice location...Within walking distance for most of the center city hotels. Wide selection on the menu...definitely something for everybody (even picky little kids.) The Spiced Hefeweizen was amazing...finished very clean. If you have kids Where Rock Bottom falls slightly short is the prices. They're frankly too high for this type of establishment (in my mind it's similar to Applebee's or Outback). And as always  your average ""American food"" type of restaurant. I can't comment on their beers as we didn't have any. The menu was pretty extensive but we'd viewed it online beforehand and knew what we wanted. Hubs got the seafood cobb salad which was HUGE and he enjoyed every last bit of it. I ordered the hazelnut crusted chicken primarily because I noticed before we went that a few reviewers here on yelp recommended it. It was reallllllly good! Also HUGE portions that hubs had to help me eat. the chicken itself was really tender and juicy and that crust and sauce are delicious. The cheddar mashed potatoes were good ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw Bottom line for Rock Bottom is......you can't go wrong here!" Nicest patio downtown. There are much better wait staff downtown. Get the beer or wine. Stay away from cocktails. Food = pedestrian. Beer! Free parking! Great place to have some good brew. Great bar food. didnt eat.. the pilsner was hopped to perfection along the lines of an ipa- brilliant I'd come just for the great atmosphere here. When you go to the bathroom you can see all the behind the scenes brewing behind a large glass window! The parking is free too which is nice I ate here for brunch today. I had the three meat omelet. I thought it was pretty good. Portion sizes were pretty big as I suspected they would be. Service was pretty good too. We arrived shortly after they opened and were the only customers I believe for the first few minutes. I've eaten at Rock Bottoms in different cities and enjoyed my experiences with them each time. I would recommended this location. As an extra bonus they validated our parking which is always a bonus! Sports bar atmosphere with quite a few TV's located around and a few Pool Tables too."  and great beers on tap all brewed in house as well as bottled beers and a full bar. The servers are friendly and efficient Definitely will not return."  including in the garage attached to Rock Bottom itself (KEEP YOUR TICKET!!  BRING IT IN WITH YOU!  ROCK BOTTOM VALIDATES PARKING Went for lunch and it was OK. Food was mediocre and there was a nasty smell where we were sitting. Smelled like dirty mop water.  Rock Bottom gets an  A+ on convenience.  My client works upstairs so we did not have to walk far to get here." "This place has a fantastic outdoor patio and makes for a great place to sip back and enjoy a few beers. We split the brewer's feast and particularly enjoyed the southwest egg rolls with a roasted jalapeno ranch dressing. I enjoyed their winter seasonal and their Sweet Magnolia brown ale. However  indeed.  Decent beer and excellent service. But it's chain food and it didn't do much for me."  but it was just meh. We were told we would wait for 20 minutes which seemed ridiculous as there were open tables all over the restaurant and bar and finally got seated in one of these open tables after 40 minutes of waiting. The $10 calamari was a very small portion Too many other choices in Charlotte to come back here." I recommend Rock Bottom to everyone to try out for themselves!" It. was. amazing. Perfect recommendation. Had a great time. We'll definitely be back."  and they (of course) make their own beers. Too bad it's often packed to the rafters with ""former frat boy turned middling banking executives who still listen to DMB on the side"". I'm happy to eat there if I happen to be uptown and the crowd wants to... but I try to avoid it whenever I can." Complete and Utter Satisfaction! Guaranteed to please! Every time! ;)" I have been to this place in the past before they remodeled.  I enjoyed it.  I like the fact they brew their own beer on site.  You can tour the facility when there is time.  They are introducing new menu items and I was able to preview the new items.  I really enjoyed them. I will definitely have to go back. 57 dollars for two steak meals and plenty of beer is not a bad price at all. Being in the center of downtown you would think there prices would be higher but they have some amazing choices and beers for a good price. I enjoyed there red ale more then there brown but both where great and my wife said that her kolsch was well made also. Ive been here several times and will be returning several more.  they have some good brews which are actually crafted on site.  The beer can be better than the food more times than not and I would recommend people to go here for that more than the food.  The Southern Flyer is great for pale ale folks like myself.  If you give this place a shot I recently visited Charlotte this past weekend for the race and needed a casual good food experience. I reviewed Yelp but most of the Downtown spots were noted as dressy or trendy attire establishments. From a 5 hour ride most of us were just comfortable in jeans and tees so nothing to dapper. The concierge at the hotel recommended the Rock Bottom so we gave it a shot. The place was excellent with its open air styling and the drinks were on spot. We ordered the southwest eggrolls as a app and started to order another plate of them and then we remembered we had more food coming! They were that good. I ordered the 14 Ribye with bourbonzola topping. Couldnt have been a more delicious and tender piece of meat. . The seaon veggies and chedder mash were no second. Everything on my plate could not have been anybetter. Check it out . It was worth the visit. And the house brews seemed to hit the spot with the guys that were with me. - Just like SD and SJ."  were ripe and fresh! Nice service! Go. I almost died there... so was my teenager daughter (she was picky but she loved her order very much)."  but nothing stands out here." Typical sports bar. Caught the tail end of happy hour. I got the Rocktoberfest seasonal ale and that was pretty good. But i ordered a side of fries to munch on and it was incredibly tiny :(  so I will go with a 4.  If another Spirit Square event comes up  food is average. Service is pretty good though. Next time though  great drinks...we will definitely be back." "I have mixed feelings about Rock Bottom. I enjoyed the inexpensive beer sampler. The main reason we went  here though was for my fiance to try a specific burger. Unfortunately that burger was ""86'd""... as was her second choice. We weren't told that until 10 to 15 minutes after ordering As we were leaving the place was starting to get busier and busier. So stop in if you are in the neighborhood.  Well worth a visit."  don't go here unless you want to get ripped off and eat shitty food."  tried their Rock bottom IPA"  hopefully catching a large table before they are all taken up."  they should have it all year round! Food was so yummy! Our server Brittany was so nice and helpful! Definitely a place I would visit again :)"  but recently went after the remodel. The restaurant looks much better. I ordered the southwest turkey burger (awesome) and my husband ordered the chicken tacos (awesome)! The service was superb! I think the remodel improved the dining experience." ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw "They've remodeled the inside of the restaurant and it looks great! The beer is great and the service really good. The food is overpriced. It's good food A very nice brewpub - a recent and extensive renovation provides great atmosphere.  Blue cheese bacon burger was excellent.  Their brews are very well balanced and enjoyable - something on tap for everyone. ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw I like bottom but I like there older menu better. For example I miss the sausage meatloaf vs the new turkey one they replaced it with. Doesn't wow me like the other did. They lose a star with this updated menu. Parking is convenient in the lot right below and they validate." The waitress was awesome. Thanks Victory for telling us your secrets. Rock bottom is a really good chain. the difference is in the service when visiting one of these places. "I wasn't impressed with this place. The menu sounds really great& the waitress suggested I get the chicken bacon Mac & cheese "Go here if you enjoy waiting in the lobby when there are tons of open tables and being rudely treated by the hostess!  The food is just ok bar food.  The beer is awesome I will admit and the servers are pretty attentive.  I would rather drive down to Myrtle beach or Atlanta to it's sister restaurant Gordon Biersch.  The food is much better and the people who work there will treat you much better.  If you really need to go there to enjoy the beer Our server was very good and took excellent care of us." "yumm yumm yumm... Rock Bottom has some great food and the atmosphere is really cool. I love the fact that you can view the brewery and the beer sampler was fantastic! I don't have one bad thing to say about this place. Every one was very nice  but everything was fairly well done.  Went for a lunch meeting and had the southwest salad.  The jalapeno ranch was made in house and was great.  The baguette on the side was a nice touch.  Service was perfect: attentive but not hovering.  We were able to get in and out quickly.  Other diner thought the ahi tuna salad was good as well.  Tuna was perfectly done and contained a good sized lunch portion.  Other meals (chicken avocado sandwich and bacon cheeseburger) looked uninteresting."  my caesar dressing was defiantly home made! Service was great as well and food was reasonably priced! Will come back again on my next trip to Charlotte!" Service is great. Outside seating in mild weather is awesome. Chicken Mac and Sausage Mac were both great. Veggie pizza was fresh and yummy. Beer sampler was fun to try!  but I wasn't too impressed by that either. I ended up just drinking my dinner  a bit overpriced for the quality   selection. They have a make your own pizza for the kids which is great and provides some entertainment. I recommend ordering it first thing though bc it does delay the rest of the order while they make it. Would go back but would like to try some non-chains in the area too. Very close to discovery place which was nice as we only had to walk a block for lunch." It was so disappointing that  me and two my friends could not finish our meals." Will look forward to coming back next visit to Charlotte" Visiting from out of town we happen to walk upon this place. The food was good and the service was great. The menu itself has a lot for everyone. We did sample the beer it was good just a bit warm for my taste. We were ivisiting from out of town and went here on a Friday night.  We had good service and great food.  We both had the chicken sausage gumbo and it had just a little kick to warm us up on a chilly night.  Also went for the beer battered fish and chips which was also great.  though- NO WHOLE WHEAT BUNS?! What restaurant doesn't have whole wheat bread alternatives these days?!" "A cool place to hang out in downtown.  The food.is very good.  You cannot go wrong with the fish and chips.  I enjoy the beer.  Most of beers are brewed on site.  The only problem is the staff turns over very quickly.  Parking is free if you park in the deck under the restaurant.   Make sure yo ger your ticket validated.   Sign up for the rewards card.  It is not nearly as good as the previous perks card "I had a fabulous time sitting at the bar on a busy Saturday. Meredith is an incredibly attentive bartender  for restoring my faith in Charlotte restaurants!"  I'd definitely return and recommend a visit to anyone!"  or a personality shining through. I must say. We had one of the best experiences we have ever had out anywhere in NC there at rock bottom. We were having such a good time when we paid the check we ordered 2 more drinks because we didn't want to leave.   I would highly recommend this restaurant and the jalapeo poppers!"  fries etc. The stuff you expect. Lots of seating and service is A-Ok. They have a nice patio as well." We went for lunch on Sunday Afternoon.  We sat there for ten minutes and nobody acknowledged us or came to our table.  A waitress passed our table two times and chose not to make eye contact with us.  Servers congregated at the hostess stand.  We walked out and still nobody noticed.  This used to be my favorite place uptown.  Really disappointed.  the manager was great at covering up for the lack of service we received but with so many options in downtown Charlotte I would chose another place next time." Not sure we would return anytime soon." If I could give negative star rating I would."  the worst dining experience I have ever been a part of and I would not recommend this overrated establishment to anyone." be finding another one."  with an awesome bar area as well as private tables. I also love their outdoor seating I had the 2AM burger and it may have honestly been the best burger I've ever had! I also love their patio seating outside and the bar around the back. My only complaint (which isn't Rock Bottom's fault) is that homeless people approached our table 3 times during our dinner to ask for either money or some of our water. My husband ordered the veggie burger and fries. I tried the fries and I liked them but didn't try his burger. He said it was good but again nothing special."  nothing to write home about. Corn tortillas average salad. Average...just average. Go support a local place that offers something different" "This place wasn't bad.  If you live in Charlotte and have tried the other local beers in the area My Husband and I took my son out for dinner and we all LOVED it!  My husband had the bacon mac and cheese. He said it was the best he had ever eaten!  My son at the veggie tacos and also loved them.  I had one of there salads and was very happy with what I received.  Our server went out of his way to make sure everything was the way we wanted it.  Looking forward to going back soon!  CO and this one was less than impressive. I'm new to Charlotte so I've been waiting to try this Rock Bottom out.  Went on a Sunday afternoon around 5pm. I took my young son with me so it was just dinner no alcohol. The restaurant wasn't very busy so we got seated right away.  Our server (which I didn't get his name) appeared about 5 minutes after we got seated  or service. I have visited Chicago and Long Beach and now Charlotte always great and consistent."  awesome and cute staff. Why are you not there now?" "Just got back from a week long trip to Charlotte with my girlfriend and of all the places we went to  but it is not too laid back. It is perfect for family and friends. It has great outdoor seating." "I had the Tuscan Chicken Pasta. It was very well seasoned. My son-in-law had the Cajun Pasta "Came here for lunch after a field trip with my students. Great service "This place was great for atmosphere and large groups but the food actually sucked.  We ordered from the happy hour appetizer menu and our server was pretty slow and forgetful. She brought one of us crab dip that was cold (supposed to be served hot)  bringing them drinks so im pretty sure I was getting the run around. I asked her who the manager was and she said Michael and again walked away. Pretty disrespectful attitude to have in a customer service environment. Next time I come to Charlotte I need to stick to the many many other places with great food and folks that want to take care of their clients. My opinion is that the food here was darn good and consistent Did I mention the beer was pretty darned good too" Here's the Deal...Just stopped in for quick bite to eat while I was in town... I had the grilled chicken sandwich with avocado and it was good!.   Service was very friendly and helpful with menu choices.  The place has nice outdoor seating & plenty of TV's and bar space... I'd try again when in the area.  but the beer here was a fair sight better than at least one or two of the local breweries we visited during this tour of the Carolinas  stay on top of the game scheduling. We all know there are a new round of games kicking off at 4pm Very good beer and food + a truly relaxing and comfortable setting = four stars. Prices were OK and the location is great if you are in or near center-city CLT. I had the Cajun Pasta & my wife had grilled shrimp with Mac Cheese. YUM!  beer is amazing! Highly recommend stopping in if you're in the neighborhood."  the burger itself was good but the hash browns on it were not. My wife had the bourbon burger she said it was alright. My oldest daughter ordered the kids hamburger and was impressed that it was cooked to order not the normal hockey puck on bread that kids normal get. My younger daughter got the build your own pizza and she actually got to ""build"" it before they put it in the oven. The food was a little slow arriving. The service was fair. I had the three of their handcrafted beers all were excellent."  the burger itself was good but the hash browns on it were not. My wife had the bourbon burger she said it was good. My oldest daughter ordered the kids hamburger and was impressed that it was cooked to order not the hockey puck on bread that kids normal get. My younger daughter got the build your own pizza and she actually got to ""build"" it before they put it in the oven. The food was a little slow arriving and the service was fair I love their dark beer and veggie burger! "Can't say enough good things about the few food items I've had hear. Appetizer: definitely go with the chicken nachos. HUGE (easily share between 4+ people) and great taste toppings. My absolute favorite entree is the Lobster & Shrimp Enchiladas. I'm not a fan of black beans  Tori had bacon mac and cheese-again awesome. To drink a had the 6  sample flight of micro beers-good to see 3 4 full juice glasses and not just a shot glass amount like so places. Kathy had a margarita also very good. To finish we had toffee cheese cake in a mason jar-killer and coffee. The waitstaff was good  I'll say it: it felt like an upscale Applebee's.  Everyone was helpful and friendly; we didn't even mind the 20 minute wait (at  5:30 PM?). Did not care for their IPA. I love beer and only drank maybe half - tasted more like a Lager to me. Wife's soup was barely warm but she said the flavor was good. My Santa Fe Ranch Chicken Salad was just okay. Some of the lettuce was a bit limp and slimy. I did like the deep fried Jalapeno rings on top. Our waiter was really good but smelled heavily of cigarettes.  Our glasses never went empty and he even packed up our leftovers and bagged them. I think trying to run a good brewery and restaurant at the same time is a tricky operation. Sometimes one may suffer to highlight the other  but there were just too many problems with our lunch.  Clearly it was a bad day...tables near us stacked with dirty dishes for our entire visit.  The restaurant was not busy.  Our food took at least 30 minutes to arrive the first time (and there was an error. )     Why a burger and a salad would take that long on a slow day is beyond me.  The worst offense was my chicken Caesar salad I go here a lot and food is always good but service has dropped off a lot." "Had a wonderful experience. My wife got the steak and it came out over done and not very good. We told the waitress and she took care of it with out a second thought. She got my wife a new steak "The beer sampler was great. All of them were great craft beers. Wait staff had some good recommendations. I had the fish and chips  Duckworth's will be opening next week and it is a better option for food and a larger selection of commercial beers." Boyfriend got a burger and said it was ok. You have to order sides separately here (absolutely hate that). The side order of fries was so small. I mean give me a break. I split the BBQ pizza with a friend and we enjoyed it. Great flavors and the fried onions on top have it a nice crunch. Also "It looked great from the outside however when inside nothing went as planned. Granted we did have a large crowd however we expected more class... Our drinks were never filled on time. Our food came out in waves so we were unable to eat together "Had a large gathering here last night between two different companies. Staff blocked off the area and put signs up indicating it was a private party. Food was warm and drink service was great. Seemed like there was always a server ready to refill drinks. In fact "I tried the pulled pork BBQ sandwich tonight and I'm very sorry about the choice. It has to be the worst BBQ sandwich I've had in 32 years in the Carolinas. The meat was saturated in a cloying nauseatingly sweet sauce. I should have sent the plate back  but I digress. I went here a few years ago when I was just vacationing here and felt that it was just as than non-noteworthy then. I won't be going back now. Just too much money to spend on mediocre food." Love this place. You get to experience the city without spending a thousand dollars. Lol  it is very clean and great food. You can sit indoor or outdoor. They validate your parking so you don't have to pay. Went for a late night dinner. They catered to my  low sodium needs. My salad was amazing! My captions were all happy with their food! "By far my favorite restaurant to eat at in all of Charlotte! I refuse to try anything other than their fish tacos! Everyone that I have visited the restaurant with raves about their burgers but the fish tacos are by far the best I have ever had! The beer that is brewed within the restaurant brewery is also delicious and I make sure to get the beer sampler every time I go so that I do not have to pick just one. The atmosphere is also a huge highlight. Part of the restaurant is a laid back ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw  two small ones but the perfect size for me. The corn tortilla was tough in the middle otherwise great.  Service was a little slow. .. They were busy."  but the air seemed to be broken and the service was extremely slow. Half the time our drinks were empty. Our appetizer didn't come out until our food did... So what was the point in an app??? If you can stand sweating the whole time and being thirsty then come eat here because the food is amazing." This place is incredible!!! The beers & the food is excellent & outstanding!!! The Service is Wonderful & Amazing!!! Hospitality & Generous Portions & A Staff that seems to Genuinely Care if you enjoy your experience there!!! If there was more than 5 Stars Available I would offer more to Rock Bottom Brewery!!! First Class Establishment All The Way!!! Apparently people love this place. I'd come back to have a beer and an appetizer but probably stay away from the rest of the menu. Over priced and overrated!" I love Rock Bottom Brewery!!! I would go to 2 of them in San Diego & La Jolla... Awesome!!! The Charlotte One is even better & Bacon Mac & Cheese is why!!! #Culinary Greatness!!! This is a really nice place! They have a nice variety of food and cocktails. My man always wants the bacon Mac n cheese and I enjoy the Cajun pasta. So many good things about Rock Bottom. Try them out!  this was a nice place to go and wouldn't mind going here again." "I had a good experience.  I came with family and everyone enjoyed their meal.  I can't say it was spectacular I have eaten here several times & always find it disappointing. Tried a variety of foods & none have been particularly good.  and he was friendly and efficient. Overall a very pleasant dining experience." The food and beer selection here is great. Not my favorite local beers but they definitely hit the spot. It's usually pretty crowded but the wait time isn't bad if you're flexible about sitting outside. I'll be back to try more of their foods. I will say skip the macaroni and cheese - it's mostly grease and breadcrumbs. We absolutely LOVE the food here. However we had family in town and brought them here and the service was terrible. It's embarrassing the service was so bad after we have been talking this establishment up for so long. The food took forever but was delicious once we received it. The server was Ami and had zero desire to be there and really wasn't in the mood for our party of eight. I wouldn't even give this place a star for this reason!" We had the worst experience at this place! It ruined our first visit in Charlotte. Their service was horrible and I would never go to any Rock Bottom! "I've been to rock bottom many times and plan on going back because I always enjoy the good food and great beer that is made on site. But this last time I went I was really impressed by the professionalism of the management. I just read the review by Erick V and I was there when the party from the ACN convention was at rock bottom Kids ""build your own Sundae"" dessert" Only came here because the martini bar we wanted to go to ended up being closed on Sunday's." "The stars are only for the brews.    Badly overcooked salmon which was devoid of any evidence of the rumored Bourbon glaze.  The Grilled broccoli side was steamed   Rice had been on the steam table too long.  Best part of rhe meal was the salad even though it took two tries for the waitress to bring the right dressing.  Just walk past this place and choose anywhere else in  this ""restaurant district""." Okay food nothing special. Brushetta chicken dry and not much flavor.  Beer was good!  but previous visits were acceptable." It really topped off our visit to Charlotte and definitely makes me and my wife want to come back" Not edible. Came in for a quick bite to eat on a Sunday for lunch. Server was not knowledgeable about the beer menu and was hard to flag down for anything. The chicken was flavorless and tough. The fries were cold and mushy. Will not come back here. The red ale was really great.   Attentive staff and friendly environment.   I recommend the Reuben.  Their location brings in a lot of tourists.  so maybe I just ordered the wrong item. Would recommend not sitting outside or at the bar if you want food." "Stopped in before the Panthers Sunday night game. Sat at the bar with my buddy.  It was not busy.  The bar was dirty and no one made an effort to clean the space where we were sitting.  Gross.  Bartenders were terrible and not attentive.  Waited 10 minutes before someone asked if we needed something. Unacceptable. The beer was decent "Dropped in for lunch and was seated right away. This is my go to place for a quick meal. I've been back a couple of times and the service food never fail. I ordered the chicken fried chicken I love the chicken mac n cheese and beer choice with it. I even tried replicating it at home. Good place for food uptown."  I was disappointed by the size. My girlfriend got some time of Cajun pasta that tasted good and was much more appropriately sized." Went across the street to Duckworth's who took great care of us." ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw  and then more booths tables towards the back of the restaurant. Right now they have a great deal going on for their beer samples where you get 6 samples for $5. Their menu offers a wide variety so it appeals to vegetarians  and decent food. All in all they provide what they chalk themselves up to be. Good tvs as well around the bar. I prefer the local Charlotte options I visited around 2 p.m. on a Friday afternoon. The place was not busy.  Many empty tables.  I ordered Jambalaya. It was warm and  good tasting.  Dessert was great.  Staff was friendly.  Enviroment was pleasant.  It took awhile for me to get my food.  I ordered coffee and I had to wait to get a refill.  They had enough help in my opinion. Waiting to get my order is the reason I did not give a five star rating.  I will come back and eat here again. Typical bar-ish type food. Nothing that really stands out. It's a good place to go out after work. Manager-- my husband walked off to find him so he could address it personally instead of making a scene. He told my husband he'd be back over in 30 seconds- several tens of minutes later "Went for a late lunch on Feb 13. Had to wait 15 minutes for a table even though there were plenty of vacant tables. Seems they had a shortage of wait staff and then a back up in the kitchen. No biggie - our waitress was nothing short of amazing!  The drinks were cold  and it took 30 minutes to get our drinks. Service was slow and really bad so it made for a poor experience. If it wasn't for the guy with the guitar and harmonica  the first time leaving with the entire meal comped because of the crappy service. Last night I went in there with eight of my family members and we had to wait 30 minutes to get a drink we had one then left . Manager didn't seem to care so I can assure you we will not be spending $300 twice a month there anymore"  the 3 tables that came in after us had been seated and waited on. Finally I flagged down a waiter and asked to see the manager. As soon as he acknowledged me he checked his watch as if to see if he had time to get the manager before his shift ended. Another almost 5 minutes pass by and a waitress comes over and asked if we had been helped. Explained to her that we had been waiting at that point 20 minutes she apologized and gave some lame excuse that our area was not assigned to any specific wait staff but they rotated tables. However The location right downtown is very nice however." "Very middle of the road. Average in every sense of the word. Not great This place is basically a Chili's with a brewery. When I come to Charlotte downtown is always my first stop. The mac&cheese is the best! You have to try it! The service overall is okay and the drinks as well. The prices are descent but I love coming to Rock Bottom! "The food was good and the prices were really good for the area the restaurant is at; we went on Friday night and it was nice. The server was very nice and attentive but we waited an hour for our food  pass this place up and try one of the other wonderful places uptown like ruths chris or capital grill.  I really wish I had just gone with Thomas street and next time given limited options well just be ordering pizza or hitting a drive through or just not eating. Everything about this place turned me off which is a shame I hate unhappy reviews." "We came here 10 minutes before the kitchen closed and we were starving 11:50pm. The staff treated us like ROYALTY and we were served by 4 different staff with nothing but absolute politeness. And also  they said no and they offered to help me look. I then remember seeing someone lurking at our table so I approached several servers and asked about it and then I asked the hostess if anyone has seen a phone and the hostess searched and apologized and said no and if i leave my info at the desk they will call if anything turns up. I called the phone multiple times and it was already shut off when i knew it had sufficient battery. A server offered to go speak to the manager. It may seem ridiculous Grade 90. Stood at hostess stand for 6 minutes until someone said I'll be right back. After 3 more min. I left. Food and service are great. This is our go to place when we just want to grab a quick bite.  I would've sent them back. I would discourage anyone from ordering these disappointing mini flavorless tacos. My friend ordered chips and guacamole. It was served in a tiny bowl that you would see in an elementary cafeteria for your sides. NOT what you would expect for an appetizer. It was the size you would expect if you ordered guacamole on something else. I'll give this place another shot later  he admitted it was wrong and attempted to fix it but essentially came back with a charge that was essentially the same as before but now with a non-itemized receipt so you couldn't see the error.  Could have asked him to address it again My steak was perfect and the fries were wonderful! Great atmosphere and excellent service even right before they closed!! Highly recommended! "I have been here more than once but the food has gone down hill since I last dined here. The beer is great with lots of different choices and menu gives good details about the flavors. I had a steak  we saw Muggsy Bogues there too!" "This place has kind of a cool vibe. The beer was fantastic. The food was so good and cooked to order. The menu has so many great selections. My husband ordered the mac&cheese with chicken. I didn't try any of it but it looked so decadent and he practically licked the bowI! I had a burger with pepper jack cheese  one was charred to the point it was inedible (requested medium well) the other was also over cooked and came with giant chunks of onion even though he ordered it with no onions. Our server tried to take care of us by comping some of the meal so that was good but still would not recommend going here for food." Guac desperately needed salt. Mac n cheese was fantastic. Large outdoor seating. Microbrewery with good beer! I definitely will not return to Rock Bottom and would not recommend this restaurant to anyone."  we were sat and given our menus. It was NOT a gluten free menu at all! It was a menu with a very small selection of items on their normal menu with the gluten taken again. No substitute were given. There were burgers with out any buns  boldly decorated and has some awesome food.  It's expensive (as you would expect) but it's worth it. The veal was a mouthwatering experience to say the least.  The servers were very impressive Probably the most attentive service staff around." Next time I'm in Charlotte- you can bet I am going to eat here. I have to try out a menu that people described to me as amazing. If for no other reason than to be waited on by the amazing Tonya!"  and all of the managers are Certified Sommeliers!!! The wine list rocks with some great boutique-y selections as well as some standard types and at great prices. Everytime I want an intimate date restaurant that wont break the budget  and maybe get wildly INappropriate next time. Especially if I know that I don't have to walk far." * I should say that by the time we were into our meal they did get 7 other customers so at least that was a little better..." C9CF7p53Y0L5ErKRhhFhng  you will get notices of wine dinners...what a great deal!!!"  it shouldn't matter (anyone who thinks otherwise seems to be searching for something other than a great dining experience).  One of the best dining experiences that we've had." I highly recommend this restaurant for both the food and for the service.  Thank you to my fellow Yelpers for the recommendation and helping me score points with my brand new co-workers."  and a lobby that is completely distracting with all the other options. I love that they try to maintain some sense of Southern cuisine in their menu Disappointed is an understatement . I will not be back."  the portions are just right- not selfishly small and not so large that you can't savor every dish put in front of you without busting your gut.  I love this place  but it really missed the mark with all 4 of us. It was more like a Cinnamon roll with bourbon poured on top. I would definitely come back to experience the regular menu!"  and crabcake with apple chutney but I still got to taste their palate cleansing cranberry frangelico sorbet.  I sat at the bar and had a wonderful discussion with Lisa and the server who brought my food explained every dish thoroughly.  I wish I could find more restaurants like this on my business trips "Staying in the marriott for business I ordered shrimp and grits with scalllops and they came from the restaurant. OMG! To die for Note that this place does not offer takeout. The waitress mentioned they gets lots of calls."  an excellent restaurant with stellar service and an exciting menu."  outstanding.  Service (thanks Deanna) and food were excellent.  Food was fresh and well-prepared.  Ambiance was wonderful...we loved the round table and the artwork  recommending a great beer (Bad Penny) and the grits with shrimp and scallops.  Warm people  but roasted shrimp and scallops in a tomato butter sauce. The grits were so yummy and rich. The scallops were so large and tender that I could barely finish them. This is an excellent choice in downtown for a unique take on southern cuisine." Note: their menu is out of date online" I was staying in the Charlotte Marriott - where Savannah Red is located - for the Democratic Convention. I worked on events at both Conventions having come from Tampa where the Republicans held theirs. I'd been in the concierge lounge with a couple friends where I'd had 2 drinks. We made our way down to the restaurant and sat at the bar to grab something to eat before we set out on our evening. We were having a fun conversation and laughing and when we ordered "Gourmet Soul Food? I love it. Who would have thought such a nice little gem would be hidden inside the Charlotte Marriott. We had some very artistic chefs with us since we were all here for the Research Chefs Association's annual conference. No pressure to the chef since we didn't say anything until half way through the meals. They started us out with a complimentary smoked salmon torte. Some great appetizers I went to Savanna Red during restaurant week to take advantage of the deals and I would like to go back and try it during a regular week because some of the most intriguing dishes werent on the restaurant week menu. They serve elk - Dessert: Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding "A hidden treasure hiding in plain sight!! if this wasn't located in the Marriott lobby people would be raving about  it. The creativity is only outdone by the delivery and flavor. Go if you want some of the best new south food  bread pudding tasted like a cup of bourbon. Ok but not the best meal I've had in Charlotte :-("  but not an absolute knock-out.  Neither the fish nor the steak were exceptional in flavor.  All the supporting characters  but everything else was just eh. Some of my guests had the steak with a sweet potato casserole and asparagus for an entree and again didn't disappoint. I'll definitely be keeping this one in the rotation when I want something a little fancier then your gastro lounges and brew pub feel." Avoid this place at all costs. The food is disgusting. I honestly never had food this horrible in my entire life. From the frozen crab cakes to the unseasoned grouper.. my experience left me confused and hungry. This is simply a Marriott hotel restaurant - not an award winning restaurant by any means.  you know the rest of the story. I guess the idea was to let the hotel guests in shorts and colorful polos eat there because Charlotte has nothing better to offer? Not. Almost everywhere else in Charlotte center city is better."  service and most importantly the Krispy Kreme Doughnut Bread Pudding!  I can't wait to come back for brunch with friends and the hubby." This hotel restaurant is fantastic. I will say with 100% confidence that this is the best breakfast that I have ever had. The omelet station is superb and the breakfast potatoes are full of flavor. They were very patient with my 3 children and were very helpful. I can't wait to stay here again.  and business is steady but not busy. I've never had to wait for a table during lunch  we split checks...shame on us).  If you are going to go through the trouble of doing a special event menu to accomodate a crowd then round out the preparations by staffing appropriately (in the kitchen and the dining room)." "No idea how this place is for food. Just went here to drink and party. It's quite a scene. Various nights have different types of music. Was there on a Wednesday when they played 80s music (LMAO) and then again on Thursday when they had salsa. They smoke here too but it's not as awful as some places with no air circulation. My favorite part about this place...no cover charge. God bless the South. Drinks were reasonable  it's depressing to walk into a bar in Charlotte and only have one or two choices.  Cosmos expands the horizons and I appreciate that."  yet everyone was dressed really nice. Just as a side-note about uptown: I am finding that about a lot of the places we visit; everyone looks really good  but hear that  weekends are fun too.  The bald headed bartender was very friendly and knowledgable.  The IPA I had was really good (but just a tad warm).  I am staying at the Holiday Inn across the street so this is a good low-key find right next to my hotel.   Was described as a Bank Of America bar and not a Wachovia Bar  so if you're into that you may wanna try them. And they usually have some great deals on those  but that wasn't all that went wrong.  We were handed limited menus.  There was some kind of event or show going on that night in Uptown (when isn't there anymore?) and Cosmos was providing a limited menu with only a few simple items (not even their gourmet options) so they could get people in and out quicker.  It was neither the Cosmos experience I was used to nor the birthday experience I wanted." I'd seek the place out again on the next trip to town." Cosmos is a great place for cheap drinks ($7-8 for a martini and $4 margaritas is a great deal) and good Latin music on Thursdays. Place gets pretty packed and the crowd is very diverse (mid 20s-early 40s). I would recommend heading going to the upstairs bar for much faster service. "The food was good but not exceptional.  Sushi was not on the main menu but after I got my food found it was on a separate flier no one gave me.  Beer selection weak.  Might be cooler on a busier night  you pretty much never have to tell him your order again. Great apps!  But I must admit I haven't gone lately due to having to pay to park after 5pm.  Think its ridiculous.  Great people watching !" Make sure to note that Cosmo's sports a limited menu on big event nights and offers half price apps from 5-7 pm. This is definitely a spot to make reservations during event nights!"  especially martinis. Had the chicken pretzel sandwich which was good. Could have done without the tangy relish I would go back if I am ever in Charlotte again."  the service was very good and if you work in the area it seems like a good spot to stop in for a drink.  That said  but it has all the makings to becoming a food-warrior on the mean streets of Queen City. If you do have time  feels a lot more upscale than what the prices actually are - it was surprisingly not very busy for a Friday night either.  I'd definitely recommend Cosmo's if you are going out on the town and want some food Ate at cosmos on a Thursday bogo on tapas ordered chicken quesadilla n needed more sour cream n was charged 50 cent! Ridiculous I will never patronize again. Also the food is just ok not the greatest they should b glad u stop in with all the other choices. I heard there was salsa dancing on certain nights but I'm not sure when (not dinner time on a Friday night obviously).  Good food Service & drinks both good.  Weeknights are like a ghost town.  Had a great time with a bartender in training. e5J3s-xxs1S6PPHJhldBEA Somehow still managed to spend 20 bucks a head. And that'll be the last time I visit Cosmos." Go sit at the Bar.  The drinks are great and the SUSHI is very good.  The women in there are smokin hot. The second floor is a great spot to reserve for a birthday party I have only drank here but it is a great vibe!  I love the dance lessons - heck I dont even need a few drinks to invite the opportunity to make a fool of myself.  They had salsa lessons on a recent Saturday night that I was there.  The upstairs bartenders was fast and efficient.  There are couches were you can sit and chat with your friends.  Love the cool staircase and whole feel of the place!  :-D  but when I saw a second one I began to suspect that there might be an infestation in the restaurant. I won't be dining at this Cosmos location again." "Met some friends for dinner happy hour. Bogo tapas before 7pm was a draw. Ordered the Crostini and Crab con Queso...both were excellent. The burgers were great as well. This place has a cool "This place has everything!  Popped in for lunch with a friend and a drink or few.  We sat at the bar in the center of the place and spoke with the very friendly bartender for suggestions.  She suggested a sushi lunch plate which we ended up sharing and the drink special.  Since the sushi chief worked right behind where we were stationed we got to watch the whole plate get created.  After a few rounds of the daily drink special we walked out tipsy and full for around $10 each I've been to the ballantyne location twice After a bit we were ready to head on to the next destination with a nice buzz and a fun time. Good job Cosmos!"  the taste was substandard and no seasoning.  I guess you can say we recieved third quality food at high end prices. It was terrible.  The the service was okay and I was atmosphere was not that great.  I do not see myself returning."  but not outstanding.  With a lot of overpriced steakhouses in the area Cosmo's is good value.  Friendly employees and atmosphere.  If the food was a little better I'd bump it to 4 stars." "It's a bar with fun latin nights.Haven't had the food but if you know how to salsa  which is surprising given its location. Food  is typical American. Overall  especially me.  I told the waiter what I was debating between and he suggested the brisket saying it is good and ""very filling"".  I ordered the brisket.  It came out about 5 minutes after the rest of my table was served and the piece I was served was well over half pure fat.  Due to the fact that half was inedible to me I was hungry again within 3 hours.  If I am ever in Charlotte again I will find another place to eat." "Definitely a fun place to go...but dress code is way too strict during night club time.  Apparently you have to have a collar shirt to get it...I've worn regular shirts (nice ones of course) many times and had no problem getting in.  Oh well  which has no discernible pieces of crab meat and tasted as if the whole dip (including meat) had been pureed. We also got the stuffed mushrooms Drink prices are high but the dancing is fun!  the service was slow. Not enough staff. DON'T order the Greek salad. DON'T order the dessert martinis. We had a party of six. Won't do that again."  but comparable to other Uptown areas. I would definitely go again but during happy hour."  steak over seasoned and undercooked. No wonder empty on Friday night."  the menu isn't that diverse and the sushi bar was closed when we were there. Bummer. What we did order--hubby got a gyro and I had a chicken gyro--was delicious. The onion rings were great so add them on if you go." Great place to salsa dance on a Saturday night!!  A brief lesson is given by some great professionals-check it out!! "Staff was very friendly. But food and drinks were disappointing. This place markets itself as ""Martini specialists"" but I had to ask for my martini to be remade a second time as it came without olives. Also - olives were standard jarred fair. A much better martini can be had at ""Urban Sip"" above the Ritz - they have Spanish giant olives hand-stuffed with blue cheese." "I've never been for the food but on a friday saturday night love going for a great margarita and for a good price. I've tried margarita's all over charlotte Ate there last night. Food was pretty good except the steak came out cold. The staff was friendly but the food was sooo slow to come out and any time we asked for something they either forgot it took a long time to bring it. It was NOT a busy night so it was a bit disappointing. I will not go back.  and a 92 sanitation grade should have been enough of a warning. Finally a waitress came over & rudely said that they had a bunch of reservations for later & refused to seat us. Went across the street to Fuel Pizza & have YET to see anyone else go in."  no drink specials though. They play new hip hop and r&b! Had a good time last weekend and I usually always have a good time when I go on Friday nights"  I walked in at 7:30pm and had to wonder whether they were open.  No hostess! So I walked in and stood at the bar for nearly a minute before I skated if they were open.  Finally some service!!!  Let me say that the drinks are fantastic!  The food not so much.  The rating is only due to the drinks."  don't leave fast food on a table in the dining area. It's not sanitary." The food here is fabulous and the interior is quite cute. On top of all that  the rudest people ever.  Made me say hmm I don't think I want to go back if I'm visiting my grandma on the weekend again.  But I shouldn't let butt holes ruin my time with Beauregard's.  I just wish they could better plan this event  place seems kind of dirty. Wouldn't recommend."  as it was rather disorganized and seemed to drag on. I would not pay full price  I'm going back tomorrow! I will do my best to check in with my bojankety cell phone service I'm sure I will be back as my coworkers visit this place frequently. But from a food standpoint Food was excellent.  Service was excellent.  We ordered ribs and steak.  The only side dish I didn't like were the mixed vegetables.  my dish was as flavorless as possible and rather oily. I had a container of rice and very sparse pieces of not marinated pork tenderloin. I'm not a hard cookie to sell  the steak was super tough and was reminiscent of those frozen steaks in a box the one could get at Walmart. Not sure what happened to this restaurant but it has seriously gone down hill."  took 20 to see a sever and another 45 to see food"  buffalo chicken sandwich and their wings. All those items are under 10.00. Tuesday drafts are 2.00. I would like to see an expanded beer selection but that is my only complaint. It is a 'Dallas Cowboys' bar so I would not recommend days when they play. Go Panthers!!!" Needless to say this was not my favorite!"  it keep ls the doors open and to be honest I'm very happy with the food and service....I live the wings and things so keep doing well and great job" "I've eaten at this restaurant twice. The first time I had the prime rib and it was great. Second time I had the lemon pepper wings and they were great. I haven't actually sat in and had dinner  but they have a very friendly staff and serve a great Friday night all you can eat fish fry. If you can get past the noise level and the plain and simple accommodations  TV's and Fish fry? you CANNOT beat it... This place is great! (Bit of a drive from downtown madison) but isnt that what Yelp is all about? Seriously It delivers on the name. I stopped in after work for a drink and never tried the food but this is not my kind of place.  super friendly staff.  We stop in at least once a week." And the food is good too."  coleslaw and potato (I always order hashbrowns!) and a choice between fried cod or perch or baked cod. Do yourself a favor and order at least one round of the baked cod! It absolutely melts in your mouth!" Average place.  Average food.  Fried stuff and fried burgers.  Loud.  Rowdy crowd for fish fry.  Much better places around... Unless you like average. "Fish fry was great.  One helping was more than enough.  Crowd a little old for us and I would return later for the money...Please keep in mind clearing machine involves pressing a button and one second of time. Reply was ""can't now"". Waited ten minutes as she walked by me 3 times..Finally told here again we needed to leave...She basically went into a public rant yelling to the bartender to ""give this guy $50""...We just can not justify returning after this experience..Darn A great place for a Friday night fish dinner. The baked fish is my favorite.  The prices are very reasonable with good drink specials. The wait staff is very friendly. Ask for the hash browns with cheese and onions and you won't be disappointed.  They can accommodate large groups and are willing to make special orders.  Give them a try and you will walk away satisfied. I haven't had a Friday night in Wisconsin in quite some time so I was really wanting a good fish fry and Paul's did not disappoint. So good."  clean and spacious. The bathroom was surprisingly clean for a bar so thats a plus. They have a Friday Fish Fry buffet that I might come back for." "This place is so Wisconsin.  I was born and raised in Middleton and finally made it to this place 24 years later.  I recently moved to Chicago and came back to visit my parents for the holidays.  The food isn't much to write home about but the drinks are dirt cheap and the atmosphere is the friendliest around.  I am so proud of and love my Wisconsin roots One of the best fish fry's in the area!  Great drinks and fun atmosphere.  The wait for a Friday fish fry can be a little much if you have young children but well worth it!  quick and tasty food. Large seating area was a little under staffed and the waitresses were really busy  and they have volleyball outside. I've never been impressed with the barstaff. Not exactly running up to greet you and get your order I wouldn't say this is the bar to go if your looking to have a great night but if you want a fun interesting night with some interesting characters make sure you visit."  and the atmosphere was filthy. What more can I say? Ick."  it just takes some time for them to warm up to you.  After my 4th or 5th trip there (again  but everything seemed to go wrong.  Out of sirloin and a certain beer.   Forgot to give us the soup until after the entree arrived.  Fish was average for the price Nj0vQjUYjaa7qbvZlEr2jQ Horrendously managed. Terrible service. Very rude and the managers seem to treat their employees with no respect. The drinks a watery and the tap selection is average. Food is ok but not worth a trip over to this joint. I don't recommend.  I love this place!! The drinks are cheap; I've purchased vodka tonics for $3 and top shelf for $4!  Its never too packed and the bartenders are always beyond friendly.  They probably also have the best bloody mary's  and chaser Ive had for those hair of the dog mornings.  And plus they have a slot machine there that pays out in cash "Do not get involved in their Brewer giveaway nights! No bartender is aware of promotion or rules which are clearly printed on posters.!  Wearing Brewer gear a requirement to win tickets and jersey. Three people in the place with gear on girlfriend edit:  Reminded me she didnt get the salad she ordered and had to ask.  Also noted her old fashioned came w cherries and olives in it I used to love stopping by this place on Taco Mondays. I think you used to get 5 for a dollar at one point and you could get a pitcher of spotted cow for like $9 so you just couldnt beat it. Slowly they started upping the prices etc.. I think they must have gotten a new fish because for the last couple years its had a metallic taste... It's one of those things where they seem to have chose quantity over quality.. My husband and I have enjoyed The Club for years ... and will continue to." "Good place for lunch if you are looking for a burger.  Not a flat little prepackaged slab of meat  but it's a bit too loud to enjoy the performances without blowing out an eardrum.  Do stop-in to see Moose  but over cooks and not very flavorful. Fried chips and onion rings were not good either. They need to turn up their drier because the items were overly crispy but still soggy with grease. They have prime rib and fries challenge that I wanted to try but if the meat comes dry and fries come wet then I'm not going to even risk it."  but I live 1000 miles away now...) Happy  hour at the Club was always my favorite. 75 cent pints of Miller High Life. Not the world's greatest beer  and fun! There's also a new appetizer on the menu that is quite tasty  - spring rolls with a raspberry sauce and a cucumber garlic pepper sauce - just outstanding! Service is friendly  so I cannot comment on that. But the food in the restaurant is absolutely wonderful." Wow!  This place is awful.  Rubber greasy curds. Dirty greasy chicken fingers and very small portions.  Take out order is never correct. Do yourself and your colon a favor and pass  and several TV's to keep up on your sports.  Didn't eat here The food is not so great and neither is the beer on tap. I've felt the repercussions of their dirty tap lines way too many times the next day after one beer or two Probably would have rated a 5 but our waitress could have been a little more attentive (another waitress stepped in and was great). Our fries were a little cold but the scoop of loaded potato salad was awesome! "Visited for the first time for Friday Night Happy Hour.  Admittedly I wasn't sure what I walked in to...the interiors are divey and I didn't have food  it was really good. It's nice that the bar is separate from the dining area. My only complaint is that it was very dark at the salad bar. It was hard to see what I was grabbing. Our waiter was great. Very friendly and funny. We will be back."  but the service left something to be desired. We ordered cheese curds and it took the kitchen 45 minutes to bring them out without an explanation of the delay. Decor was your standard Wisconsin bar  bacon very overcooked and toast dry & tough. How hard is it to screw up breakfast? Have had mostly mixed experiences there. Not again."  which was kind of expected upon entering the dining area after passing by an open door to a supply area which was in complete disarray. Sign told us to seat ourselves. There were 2 other couples in the room  even when the bar is dead. Something new has happened each week we've been there for volleyball that has us scratching our heads. I guess they keep it interesting! Go for the free beer on the first 70 degree day of the year  but don't be mistaken - this is a bar that serves food.  Bar first.  I wouldn't send my parents here  baked to deep fried.  I ordered the standard meal - deep fried cod with pub chips.   The meal came with soup and a build your own salad.  The clam chowder soup was really good with loads of clam meat and veggies.  The salad bar had a wide mix of greens "I am really torn here.  I really thought I liked this place. The food is very good and the atmosphere is welcoming.  I was here again on 9 20; when I returned from the bar to pay my check "The Club Tavern is a diamond in the rough! The food is always good and the chefs specials are always so tasty! One of my favorite ""specials"" was the cinnamon roll pancakes with cream cheese drizzle. Pair it with a bacon Bloody Mary with a beer chaser and your set! Great live music and Moose the owner is always so friendly and remembers his customers. Only downside is the parking is difficult but parking on the street solves that problem." "I totally love this place. Have been going for years. It's a Middleton staple! Great food menu and a nice dining area separate from the bar. As for the bar There you have it.... Give it a try; I think you'll agree...you'll want to come back here just like me"  the sound is terrible.  There is limited table space in the bar in general.  So getting a spot facing the stage is challenging.  You can do it The dining room has seen brighter days.  The floors need to be redone at the next available chance.  But the decorations and stone walls have always been part of the charm of this divey tavern.  The Staff have always been nice and accommodating in the Grill or in the Bar.  I chalk up this spot as a better bar than restaurant but if you keep with the basics ( hamburgers Quantity an quality of food was excellent and the price is just right" Ordered a chicken quesadilla for an app which was really good. Had a hamburger wrap for meal which I didn't care for. The French fries were good though. Crispy and tasty. I guess on Mondays there's no dining room so we sat in the bar. Menu is typical bar food. The problem with our visit was the waitress spilled my side of corn on the ground before setting down food. She told me I was supposed to get a side of corn but she dropped it. She never came to check on us or bring me the corn....which I really corn and would ha e wanted. After a long while we realized she must have left for good! We had to ask the bartender for our check. She was really busy and she looked surprised we needed the check. Seems like our waitress hadn't told her. She was busy and nice... still just took along time. I just can't believe if the waitress spills part of your meal she wouldn't get you a replacement. In fact it was right next to our table so people probably thought I dumped it and didn't pick it up. The corn sat there the whole time we ate our meal. I won't be back.  did I mention the incessant flies throughout the establishment? Yeah  but nonetheless it's a great little neighborhood pub with friendly bartenders "Great local pub!  The staff are super friendly.  My favorite menu items are the reuben  old and all. I shall be back there to sample more beer and heckle at Olympic games on a TV screen."  they apologized profusely and hit us up with a free spinach & artichoke dip appetizer. Very sweet." I am so stoked to have found a great fish fry place so close to our house. We will definitely be going back soon."  which I thought was a great price.  The burgers were huge and very tasty along with the cheesecurds and fries.  I will definitely visit this place again next time we're in town." "EXCELLENT tap-beer selection with many microbrews.  EXCELLENT liquor selection as well with lots of flavored vodkas and rums and the like.  Prices are average.  Always a diverse and friendly crowd.  The food is okay.  The pizza is actually pretty delicious  with an emphasis on Wisconsin brews.  It only gets really crowded for trivia nights (Tues and Wed 8-10) but other than that not too bad."  extremely friendly and hard working.  They seem short staffed often but they all run their butts off and there is hardly a wait for anything!  Last night I had the Rueben w  waffle fries and it was delicious!  I would suggest getting a big screen TV for watching the games but what they have works well too!  I love this place  not quite dive-y but pleasantly local. Not unexpected based on the location. Went for the Bell's tap take-over for Mad-Craft-Beer-Week. Wife and I had the fish "Had a great 5 piece perch fish fry with yummy waffle fries.  Good food "I love their friday night fish fry . The price is right and great bluegil and perch. I have to keep going back there. love it! I defeintely recommend fish or even sandwiches Edit: Turns out the fish wasn't so good- ended up being up all night with food poisoning.  Yup I'd come back to try non-fish fry some night." Really nice place. Great beers on tap. I've been to Dexters a couple times now and am in love with one thing about it; the beer selection.  Pretty impressive for a tiny little place.  Each time I've been I've gotten walleye as previously stated there is no superior crappie  as long as you get there at the right time. Great selection of micro brews. Interesting and delicious food. The last time I went in for food and a beer it was lovely. However on previous occasions  7 24.  Tried the pizza burger after someone finally decided to come A. get a drink order after sitting down 5 minutes prior.  B.  Recite the specials off the chalk board because they didn't know what the specials were.  The  burger was ok  as it's walking distance from our house. Fine fish fry and good other offerings. Really kid friendly before 7 (seriously  because that's when the trivia crowd is there and the place is packed to the gills." I love the tap beer selection and all of the entrees we've tried have been great!"  just be prepared for a long wait for both a table and the food but I believe it is worth it... great beer choices that change frequently and we were pleasantly surprised by their sandwiches as well. We went in on an off night (Monday) to watch a football game... We were seated right away and the game atmosphere was great with many televisions so you don't have to worry about where you are seated."  Dexter's is a cool spot that I will continue to frequent!"  we NEVER come here on Fridays after 6pm....forget it.  If you don't mind dining with the Greyhairs....you'll do just fine." "After reading several rave reviews for the fish fry we decided to try this place.  We arrived at 5:30 on a Friday in Lent and knew we were already in trouble when parking was hard to find.  The dining room was packed and we were told there would be an hour wait.  Since we had driven across town Absolutely the best place to get a delicious Reuben and brew fries in town! My favorite dive on the Eastside of Madison.  or Walleye. I went with the fried cod which was absolutely delicious. I couldn't turn down the garlic chili fries or their home made chili. Needless to say I could have used a wheel chair for the way out! It was by far one of the better fish fry joints to go to in town and I will for sure be back. My only complaint with the place was that they don't take reservations and they won't do carry out during lent (due to an overwhelming amount of business) but it's good to see a business that does so much business they have to turn some away."  you won't be disappointed. And if you're looking for a fun place to watch a Badger victory with friends 6 27 13 Met my wife for drinks & dinner at Dexter's Pub.  They have a great tap beer selection (lots of micro brews).  They also have many bourbon and whiskey options.  I opted for a cold and yellow pint of PBR.  I rode my bike after all.  We started with their hummus plate.  We'd recommend you ask them to put the pita on the flat grill vs. having them fried or plain.  We had them plain which was okay.  There were plenty of crisp veggies.  We then shared a catfish po'boy with fries.  The catfish was generous and tasty.  The bread was okay.  The fries were great.  They do a great job for only having a flat grill and a deep fryer. No carry out on Friday nights!?!  I'm new to the area and was looking to trying Dexters Friday fish fry after hearing so many great reviews. Unfortunately I didn't get the chance as they do not provide a carry out option on Friday nights. I was speechless went told this over the phone!  I did try another place (Brothers Three) that was happy to provide carry out to this customer and it was wonderful! "9 27 13 My wife and I stopped in for lunch.  Their catfish po'boy is even more awesome because their bread improved!  They have many great reasons to stop in "The food is great and the craft beers are even better. The staff is very friendly but I docked them two whole stars because the service is very untimely. You will often spend time waiting for what you want They have THE BEST Italian beef sandwich I've found in the 608 and pretty darn near close to Portillo's. Only thing that's slightly off from the hundreds of sandwiches I swallowed back in the windy city - the bread. But that's not enough to make me never want to order it again... in fact I'm thinking about going there tomorrow. The atmosphere leans more neighborhood dive which might not make you say  and seriouslygreatcraftbeerlist. Their beers are all of the cant-pick-up-at-the-gas-station variety and it's worth coming by just for that--the menu diversity is the cherry on top of my craft beer float."  the staff is friendly.  The beer menu is ridiculously long.  Go to Dexter's  but were not disappointed. Service was fast and we had two great beers and our soup before we knew it. One of the best beer lists in town too! Great homemade chips and french onion dip and a locally made pretzel with great dips came next. Smelt fry was great! Very lightly breaded as advertised (nothing like the pre breaded frozen kind) and great tartar sauce. Pizza had great thin crust. We would definitely come back again for many reasons."  I wasn't expecting to fall in love with Dexter's.  I don't think one has to worry about that considering my experience.  Our food was just so...terrible.  I ordered the salmon salad  and it was like sitting there. But without the friendly faces and awesome tap line up." "Still tasty!  This is just an update to say that trivia night is only on Tuesdays now  and plenty of televisions for your viewing pleasure. The staff is always friendly and willing to recommend something." In summary: the fish fry is worth the wait & the Friday night crowd." I love the atmosphere at Dexters.  It's a great mix of people who are friendly and there to enjoy the beer food." The food is pretty mediocre. The pizza is good - they seem to make it fresh. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come here had I not lived in the neighborhood at the time. The pub quiz seems to be a good pull on Tuesdays It was a nice cozy place to wind up the end of my work week last night. To be continued..." Also a very friendly and knowledgeable staff."  and awesome beer selection that is always changing."  really. Piss-poor service that warrants nothing more than a single star. Bartenders were great  but now I'm planning to go here every Friday I can! And the beer selection is incredible. Great place with friendly service"  was surprised by the very small portion.  Fish was good though. I tried the shrimp poor boy. The bread was old and not toasted "Love this place.  Easy to feel like a local. Unbelievable how much great food comes out of such a small kitchen. And the beers are always an attraction. Some of the best craft beers in the country on tap. Nick the owner has a great knack for putting some great beers on tap.  One of our favorites. You'll never be disappointed.  The wait is long on Friday nights for fish  as well as a healthy bottled beer selection. Overall a decent experience. But come on if you are out if all the specials take'em down Brother. It's a bit frustration when you are out of half your menu and all of your specials." Went for lunch had the fish fry. Really bad over cooked just bad. Will not ever go back  I think the reason it took me so long to get here was my belief that they were cash only. I can't wait to go back" The only drawback is the wait on Fridays expect an hour plus.  They have a great beer selection to entertain your taste buds while you wait." HTplzElel_F_U_qhWuDKdg  I can't stop thinking about it. I want to have it again. Today. For lunch. But I'll exhibit some self-control and wait. Maybe I can get there this weekend......." CUOyvYzJvIf-_LjvxhmLdQ "Best fish fry in Madison "I take back what I said about the food being just ""okay"". Last time I was here I had a salmon salad that was incredible. So whatever complaints I had in 2010 no longer stand. I look forward to returning for another tasty meal."  which I felt paired well given the flavor of the brew.  This is my new favorite place on the east side of Madison!!" I'd go back for a drink on the back patio My first time to Dexter's and I would stay away.  Confused and rude staff combined with a dead mouse on the back patio as we first walked in.   We came for the Toppling Goliath tap take over and it was the most unorganized event I have ever been to!  a little tipsy from great mixed drinks and a huge beer selection and wondering when I will get to come back.  The bar staff is very friendly and attentive and I love their new TV screens showing their on tap beers.  The fish fry as mentioned is awesome and their chili fries though a tad on the oily side have incredible flavor.  They have great bloody Mary's but if you ask for spicy be prepared for good spice.  The music is great They need to go back to the old school beer chalk board." "When I lived in the neighborhood I went here a lot because it was convenient. Everything I've tried there has been A-OK. The dining room feels a little bit like a cafeteria  but they have a good selection of good ciders too.  Sadly no gluten-free beers anymore Really is the best fish fry. Try their pretzel the stone mustard and cheese dipping sauces are a must!!! "Still my favorite craft brew and a bite stop! Craft brew selection sometimes a bit on the eclectic side but always interesting. You have to see the very Cool ""live"" beer list! Anything on the menu is good and not your standard pub grub - real food. Try thin crust pizza with bacon sometime - great with some beers!  Good TVs and interesting music always in background." The food never disappoints - the garlic chili fries are the BEST. The fish fry is also worth the wait on a Friday night."  and good.  I'll definitely be back."  but certainly worth the wait.  Enjoy a drink at the bar area and unwind a bit before you're seated." Don't forget to ask for a cupcake!" HTplzElel_F_U_qhWuDKdg  a few is fine but there were a lot. I'll stick to the fried fish I think next time. Overall  icy chunks. My husband's walleye was not so excellent. Hard & over-fried. Our original waitress never checked back with us after our food was served but my husband did tell another server that the walleye coating was hard & the fish dry. Her reply to him was that she'd would tell Joe on Monday... How does that help my husband? We'd heard rave reviews about this place but not sure we're willing to give it another try based on inconsistent fare." HTplzElel_F_U_qhWuDKdg  and I love their daily food drink specials. They make their dressings and soups from scratch. I feel super lucky that Dexters is my neighborhood tavern!!!"  seemed like a nice neighborhood spot and friendly patrons all enjoying a Friday night  this made the experience very pleasant.!All the people there  eating were equally as pleasant and the breaded cod and walleye "Been to Dexter's a couple of times now. Food is good. Really like the BBLT. Great beer selection. I love the digital beer menu board that tells you good info on the beer  great beer selection (especially love the color coded items!). But "One of the best places to go for craft beers in Madison.  24 tap lines always have a varied selection of craft brews.  They host events regularly with tap takeovers or beer dinners.  This week is craft beer week and they have some of the best lineups of the week.  Even with being slammed the service is good.  The food is excellent.  The garlic-chili fries are a must.  My friend had the BBLT which is a BLT with brisket.  The brisket was more like pot roast "Great craft beer menu. An unexpected gem. I ordered the Catfish po boy Amazing selection of beer and have never had a bad meal there! Highly recommend on Friday night for the fish fry. Good prices on both alcohol and food  delicious Reuben!! I wasn't sure who I was tipping  but adds some of the best live funk and soul music to be found in the midwest.  Also check out Wednesday nights for the open jam session they have weekly.   Best beer on tap? Moose Drool hands down." Unpretentious Wisconsin-y hangout with good live music.  there are plenty of white-washed established to frequent for the faint of heart. As for the crap tap beer-order a bottle. I for one am thankful that shit-holes like this exist." It's not that bad of a place if you go in at the right time (8 PM).  But be careful you will get hit with a Sublime cover band.  Food is regular bar food and nothing special.  Drinks are cheap and the bar is long there are plenty of places to sit.  There is a pool table and video poker (All Fruit Bonus).  Very Sconnie however a little seedy for the faint of heart.  it is a cool place to check out next door for a drink."  but the free live music is what pulls me in! Drinks are reasonably priced too." "Karaoke on Tuesday night is so fun! i love this unpretentious -4PHmmCt_RmAfaE3sDKW_g  drop your high expectations at the door and you'll be fine. Met some old friends here the other night for karaoke and a birthday celebration for one of us; I hadn't realized they even did karaoke there. The clientele that evening ranged from decidedly shady to incredibly adorable  entertaining and Wanda the bar tender is the best one there (she works Monday Wednesday and Fridays "Another east-side dive bar... not great I had a beer and a very good whisky sour. Looking forward to heading back soon."  but hopefully that says more about how great Madison is than it does about my (potentially) overly-optimistic ratings."  I'm happy that the place is finally open. A welcome addition to the neighborhood." I have high expectations of customer service and Tip Top Tavern failed  especially when we can bike there during warmer months!" All in all I really liked the ambiance (but I'd go early so I can hear better) and appreciate the reasonably priced & yummy options for both vegetarians and carnivores.  I hope they are able to work out the kinks along the way (i.e. Great for those who prefer unique destinations over corporate chains." But I think I'd still rather just go to Mickey's!" The small touches in design elevate the interior from the ordinary in an entirely pleasing way.  Tip Top is a great addition to the neighborhood and I look forward to enjoying it again soon." What I can say is this is my favorite all-around bar. Justin is a good down to earth guy. Even when it's busy he takes time to talk and makes custom drinks. I can definitely say Tip Top has the best mixed drinks in town. Add the tasteful decor and the decent pub food and this is one of the best neighborhood/dive bars in Madison." I came in yesterday with a pretty big group of ten plus we sat on the patio which was very nice. The waitress was very polite and was checking on us pretty consistently :).  This was the first time I had been there since it was redone and I really liked how it looked.  My friend and I tried the Chipotle Chicken and Wild Rice soup it was so delicious even on that very hot day so kudos to that!  I also tried one of the fried pickles with the sauce it came with it was also very good! Had a good time here.  and this sets the bar for us for the balance of our summer Saturday dining trek." They were surprisingly not busy last night probably due to the extensive road work currently happening right in front and all around the building. Now would be a great time to check them out if you haven't  great service and a friendly atmosphere.  Hope you do well Tip Top!" I love Tip Top Tavern's sister restaurant - Lazy Janes - and I would like to come back for brunch.  And  but I think there are better options a few minutes away."  but I hope it gets better because we really like the place. Was kind of embarrassing to have so many issues on my son's first visit "Bar looks great and seems like an excellent addition to Madison's east side. Service was quick and responsive. The items off the regular menu were fine. I had the Seitan Philly (no cheese) and my sister-in-law the Tuna So Gouda. It was the special that was a total dud. My wife and brother both ordered the taco special Cash is King...no credit/debit cards.  Everything is delicious and reasonably priced.  I have made it a point to try everything on their menu.  So far my favorite dish was a ""man maker"" walleye sandwich (Saturday special) with their own in house remoulade sauce.  You will require extra napkins.  The fried pickles are really good too... you may need to get some extra Tip Top sauce.  Bloodies and Brunch on the patio are a must.  They also have several specialty adult beverages... I would highly recommend the Ghost Mary.  The tap list caters to my ever changing palate... with Nitro on tap as well.  Overall Brunch was a few days ago and nearer to memory. I stopped in with a friend who ordered the pastrami hash and I had the veggie benedict. Mint and avocado? Apparently delicious! My only minor complaint on the benedict was that the tomatoes weren't quite ripe  as was the food.   The veggie patty was excellent! I like the coffee bar so that you don't have to wait for someone to refill your cup.   I will go back." But man -- don't go when there's even a chance it will be busy  but two people sitting at the bar or a table will be a-ok. Perhaps a larger group might have trouble hearing each other  it's hard to believe your in the same bar. I really thought they took down a wall or something. I've found the staff friendly and have had many fun conversations at the bar." The bar is cozy and it was a fun place to eat.  We might return just to drink a good beer and eat cheese curds in a nice atmosphere."  the food was good and the prices were very reasonable.  It is cash-only so make sure you have some on hand when you go there. We will definitely be back!" "Let's be honest here.  I like reubens.  Tip Top has best reuben I have had in Madison.  Best.  Here it is folks.  I probably shouldn't let you in on this because that's one less reuben for me.  This bad boy has the perfect balance of thick cut pastrami "Soooo happy to report that our most recent visit Oh and it gets one more star for replacing the old tavern which was mostly a place to buy cocaine and drink yourself to death.  Just the sort of upgrade the neighborhood could use." Not quite sure it was good enough to unseat Quivey's Grove at the ""Tip Top"" of my fish fry list HIGHLY recommend and we will be back!" After my last two very disappointing meals at the bar down the street  and the food is very good.  The cocktail menu is pretty creative too.  We've been there for breakfast on the weekends and dinner and I would recommend both.  Can get a little loud in there when it's rockin' The best. Period.  The best fish fry the best ambience the best drinks.   Simply the best. "We stopped for drinks and ended up eating dinner here. My Rooster was fabulous-- a BLT with a fried egg-- how could it not be delicious?? The service was spotty. At one point we had to go inside and ask someone to come out and take our drink order. The outdoor seating area is really nice Amazing. Such a delish fish fry. The cod is beyond perfect. The atmosphere is unique and cute; an amazing outdoor area. You can't go wrong coming here for drinks and dinner! Very reasonably priced as well!! Al makes a wicked bloody Mary at brunch." "We stopped for drinks and ended up eating dinner here. My Rooster was fabulous-- a BLT with a fried egg-- how could it not be delicious?? The service was spotty. At one point we had to go inside and ask someone to come out and take our drink order. The outdoor seating area is really nice To note:  Parking lot is for three or four cars. But there was ample street parking on the Tuesday evening.  Weekend may be busier but worth a walk/bike in." I hope to see a more extensive menu but the size of the kitchen makes a small menu understandable." No longer dog friendly.  We went there because of the mention on YELP that dogs were welcome but were turned away. Too bad for them! Hoping to stop by for brunch and looking forward to what I hope will be a much better experience.  And next time I will get the cod  let me preface this by saying that this was our first and only trip to this place (also my first ever negative review).  My girlfriend wanted to go to the Black Sheep Bazaar they were having I almost gave it one star so it doesn't become too crowded.  Almost." "My husband and I are new to the neighborhood. This past Saturday my mom and sister were over to help with some much needed yard work so we took them to the Tip Top for dinner as a thank you. There was a funky yard sale type event happening on their patio that we checked out while waiting for our food. I had the Vedge burger What a experience!! We met the owner and friends and it was on from there! Great food drink atmosphere man if you want a good time with people who have the same thinking as you this is the place! Will definitely come back!! JJFoeKZXgi2_LeECDMkkoQ  the ATM charges a $2 fee.  Honestly this really annoys me because it is the servers who end up paying for it.  We left a good tip but I know a lot of people are not going to want to after being charged $2 plus whatever their bank charges just to get $$ to pay for dinner.  Honestly I think it is a greedy policy and they should change it (or do what Jennifer street market does and refund the ATM fee for those who need to use the ATM).  Their servers deserve better."  in a great way!!!  We had the special of the day which was a blue gill sandwich with fresh coleslaw on it- it was excellent.  It's going to be our new date night spot!!!" "Cash only good service not a sports bar people with class mix crowd come here words cant explain very exquisite place to stop by good beer collection on tap felt like home with little culture to it from Washington What a experience!! We met the owner and friends and it was on from there! Great food drink atmosphere man if you want a good time with people who have the same thinking as you this is the place! Will definitely come back!! JJFoeKZXgi2_LeECDMkkoQ  the menu at TT hasn't changed in quite a while. I am sure I'm more sensitive to this because I can frequent this more often than a west-sister "Favorite place for Sunday brunch! Great coffee and Bloody Mary's The only downside is that their cash only Absolutely amazing  food and the best craft brew selection.  Great atmosphere and service.  The Texas Brisket tacos were over the top.  Stopped in on a Monday and enjoyed live music in a cozy beer garden.   Well done Al!  on Madison's underestimated Northside. Service is fast and prompt. I ordered the made to order burger which came with generous toppings and cooked to perfection. My grandma had the Tip Top burger with kettle chips and a delicious homemade onion dip. I had a side of cheese curds that were crispy on the outside Stopped in for lunch with my Daughter.  We had a great time.  Good food and the service was wonderful.  The remodel is very well done.  I'll be back.  but without a heavy Illini feel.  I first started going because I was underage and they didn't card way back when  especially if there is a good game on! The food is awesome too for bar food. They have a great chicken sandwich with french fries. Add a tastey Guiness to complete your meal!"  and an institution at the U of I.  They've expanded so now there's more room to groove. Great-tasting burgers.  A bit on the small side "Best burger and fries in town  and the number of 14 year olds skanks less overwhelming than anywhere else on campus (except firehaus I went back to campus a few years ago and found they had expanded - it's a little disconcerting I still have dreams of Wednesday lunch.  Bacon Mega Cheeseburger and Fries for $4.  I would give my left arm for a Murphy Burger on some days.  and I thought it was the greatest bar ever at the time. However What could really improve this place is better music.  The jukebox is too susceptible to people with bad music tastes.  Also Go there on a weeknight to get the optimal experience."  do they? They just come for the booze. They serve the typical junk food and it is very crowded during the weekends. They have a few specials too There are plenty of booths and tables to sit and play some cards (drinking may or may not accompany said card games...)  Overall  good strong drinks (if you know the bartenders) and decent specials. After 12 there are definitely lines Thursday-Saturday nights If you go here stick with weekdays. On weekdays it's actually a pretty nice place to hang out with friends."  they were delicious. Their burgers made me real sick once but I got over it. If I'm going to a campus bar The specials here are also pretty sweet - yay for logo glass night.  Overall  including $1.50 pints of Point on Fridays.  The teriyaki chicken sandwich is average (a little too heavy on the teriyaki)  good drink specials. More casual than some of the other Green St. bars."  and Irish Nachos are awesome." Decent drinks + chill atmosphere + Irish Nachos (oh God yes) + lack of sketchy people grinding on you = WIN.  you need to get their early. Sometimes the jukebox leads to very questionable music."  but anything more than a polo shirt would be over-dressed for guys."  and the grimy feel of the bar is palatable after a drink or two.  One caveat: they have the nastiest--nastiest bathroom.  It's hideous.  Ugh."  yumm!  The fries has got to be the most deep fried small pieces of actual potato heaven I ever had and $3 pints of Guinness drafts."  great specials on drinks. ($2 Woodchuck Thursdays!)"  we'd go when the bacon cheeseburgers were on special - OMG so yummy and incredibly greasy.  They also have loaded waffle fries that are awesome."  on Thursdays you can pay 4.50 for a beer and get a glass. Then refills of said beer are only 2.50! Pretty sick. The next thing I've got to try here is the food. Also You can't call your bar-hop night a barcrawl if you don't stop here. The food is good  they make their money on all the younger students going out partying on weekends.  I head to downtown champaign for the weekends."  this bar is chill and fun at the same time. It's not as chill as Legends (granted Legends may have more seating) but I don't think you'll get the same experience when comparing the bars." "Thursday $2 any pint and they have two brothers (and dead guy) on tap? Yesssss. Also their fries are probably the best on Green St and their burgers ain't too shabby either. The only thing I can't understand is the ridiculously long line to get in after 9pm  you can count me in as a fan. The expansion has made it much easier to walk around the bar on the weekend nights when everyone is cramming in. Finding seating is less of a rat race  it's an institution here at the U of I. You can get cheap brewskis and cheap burgers and neither are bad. It's usually crowded Thursdays so I try to keep away."  this is as good as it gets. A great place to gather with a small group of friends and drink some beer."  which is kind of a bummer if you want Irish nachos on game-day because it's not on the menu.  The jukebox is great (every fricking song by The Black Keys can be found on there) and there are loads of flat screens to catch whatever game is on.  If you get there early  definitely hit up this place! It's a cherished favorite."  this is a good location for lunch. The late afternoon and evening hours will be a little louder." "I miss me a big ole' Murphy Burger with Bacon and Cheddar  and average joes. The beers on tap are always good and remain pretty simple. They always have specials too  so I may be partial.  The food isn't anything to fawn over but is good (and cheap) enough to wash down with a beer."  so I have no idea if that took care of some of the overcrowding problems.  I sincerely doubt it did anything about the disgusting sticky floors."  from when it was a little campus bar to its current ever-expanding state.  Can't beat Wednesday night - Bacon Mega Cheeseburger special night.  Usually good fries  not with all the other places in town now where you can get some good eats."  but fries come free with any sandwich on Sundays I think. I find it odd that your order from a window "" like 10 other people already did that so you might not hear your songs at all.  And you'll probably have to sit through a lot of stupid crap that other people picked out before you get to any good music.  I guess it just depends on the crowd.  Either way  you can still have a conversation with the person next to you. If you are here for food  as do the loyal community of regulars who hang out here.   My only wish for the place is that the bartenders would know a bit more about what beers they serve.  When I asked what they had on tap (expecting to be handed a beer list) the bartender responded: ""I don't know...We have a lot""."  definitely get the Irish nachos sometime.  There really isn't anything Irish about them  fry and beer.  You can't go wrong.  Fries are great!"  but I'm wondering what the differences are in color for the bar tabs." This is a great place to just chill whether it with friends or if you just failed an exam and you need a drank lol. They have great drink deals and good food too. I recommend trying the Irish nachos. They have different specials everyday too. "The Murph!  Great atmosphere and so many memories.  Our favorite place to go for logo nights on Wednesdays and the bar we always come back to when we return to Champaign.  There's usually a mixed crowd  I highly advise you to pass this place up." "Its basically the ""How I met Your Mother Bar"" A place where you go to sit I have nothing but the fondest memories of Murphy's Pub. There's nothing ritzy about it  but not really outstanding. I also feel like this place goes through an identity crisis with its loud blaring music that can shift from club music to country music (electronic jukebox-style). Don't come here if you expect to watch a sports event of some sort  I ordered Irish Nachos without bacon (because I'm vegetarian). The order (which is just fries with cheese and nacho toppings) took an hour. Once I got my order "The first rating was over-generous.  It's still good Thursdays are phenomenal because it's $2 pints. Any pint for just $2. You'll never beat that. I hear they may have upped it to $2.50 but that's a good variety of decent quality pints for just $2.50. Go out with a $10 bill and you'll have an awesome night. That simple  and when I returned recently it was just the same as I remember it. It's a divey atmosphere so they almost never have cover (only on Homecoming weekend and the like) and the vibe is very relaxed. Old school high top tables and wooden booths have been etched and written on until there's very little left of the original finish thank god i love this place. except the servers. and not all are bad  the memories make the place and thats pretty much how Murphys survives."  but it's my favorite place in Campustown and a really good bar overall." One of my favorite places to have a beer in Champaign.  Usually good drink specials and a good juke box.  Irish Nachos are a must if you're hungry!  and the pub is the  cleanest on campus." "I LOVE Murphy's! It has a great campus bar feel. Its a perfect location for campus for in between classes. A beer for everyone here because their draft list is extensive. My bartender was helpful and super nice! Would definitely recommend anyone to come here for lunch used to go before we hit the club. Nice to have a large group and sit down and shout out conversations. I remembered thursday is like an unofficial international day. Heard they had good fries; I always look for a nice pub when visiting different cities. I saw this while walking on campus and decided to check it out.... Staff not friendly or sociable... Maybe it's because Im from the south and use to hospitality ....but damn how about a smile and a conversation I WAS ONLY PERSON at the bar.. I even tried to get a convo going... I know my opinion isn't going to close the bar but as a former bartender who OWNs a company now .... Customer Service is what will make you $$$.  cheap and fun. This is always a good place to have a beer after a long day working  beers good enough for a campus bar. Exactly what you expect." Skip it and save yourself a possible trip to the dentist." Nice bar to grab food and a beer at. Service from bartenders is mediocre. Atmosphere is Irish-feeling but feels kinda meh nice selection of beer and they have Green Line on tap! the bartender who was there when we went was great at recommendations for all different tastes. cheap prices and a cool divey feel. Murphy's Pub is an awesome place to be any day or night of the week. The food and drink selections are great and fairly priced. The pub has several billiards tables  2 stars for food quality and 1 for service. The female bartender that took our lunch order had ZERO personality. They make you pay up front for your food. Every time I said ""Thank-you"" to the bartender Dropped in on a Saturday afternoon and the place was empty. We sat at a table by the bar and the bartender said we have no servers so you have to order here. We looked at the menu and standard bar food nothing different than others. Being Saturday and plenty of college games on but just not happening here. Most likely a lively place later and could be decent to hang. Just did not work this time. "What a shit hole! Came here for a drink and a burger and I never made it that far. It was almost 4 in the afternoon and I sat at a pub table. My sleeve got stuck to the table. A voice came from behind the bar that said. If you want drinks or food A great place to have a good beer. And you must try the Irish Nachos if you go there. Some reviewers seem not to like ordering at the bar. Boo hoo it's not like a long walk. Classic campus bar.  and frankly seems kind of dead. Beer deals are decent and pub food is very standard. The bar is huge however "Solid burger and fries for cheap. Good beer selection for campus town and reasonably priced. Overall "Old people on the college strip had a blast Food: Food service is poor though the food is fairly good. We waited an unusually long time for two burgers. We began to think something was wrong so we peeked into the kitchen (after asking a server and having to wait more) and it looked like the cook was cooking away... And then he ate the food. I get it... If I were working all night I'd get hungry too. But it's kind of strange delaying orders for an absurdly long time so that the cook can prepare and eat food from scratch." "Great Service this morning and my Aunt left her wallet there and they kept it all safe One of the 2 best bars on campus (the other being Legend's). This place is always low key and not one of the crazy loud bars all the underclassmen go to. You can usually find a place to sit down and the tables have years of writing carved into them.  this place was alright. I was excited to see that they had spicy cheese bites which thrilled me because growing up in Wisconsin consuming cheese curds while at the bar is a must. These were a rendition of the cheese curd but a very sub par one. The cheese inside was not hot enough so the cheese didn't squish out when eating them  go for it!  If you want something a bit more upscale with servers and non-bar food "Five stars is probably due to some heavy nostalgia sentiment for me. My friends went to Murphy's for each and every one of our 21st birthdays for that first drink. Always had a great time. Beyond that  but not the most comfortable bar. Good deals. A bit crowded. still a good memory of being where my first legal US drink was. Great owner."  for what it is?  Perfect."  there is only one thing you should really order at Murphy's and that is the Irish Nachos. Waffle fries covered in cheese  a good time and I'll definitely be back." Great bar for hanging out with colleagues. Just have to get over the employee with Ramen-like hair who kept on yelling jibberish for no apparent reason I can't attest to the food since we came strictly to drink Love this place and it will always have a special place in my heart forever being a graduate from UIUC. There still killing the Irish nachos.  (like Rogue Dead Guy and Bell's Oberon) and a shuffle puck table/new Golden Tee. Pre-Yelping the place in my head I was resigned to give them 2 stars as a recognition of such efforts Overall it was a nice place to sit outside and visit with friends.  It was not crowded at all.  In fact I went for the dollar beer again and met a friend for dinner.  I had the grilled chicken buffalo wrap.  The flavor was good but I think they use canned chicken for the grilled chicken and the bacon was rubbery but other than that it was not too bad.  The homemade potato chips that they served with the wrap were excellent. Always a fun time.  A place that should at least be given a try Perching yourself at the bar for half-off wine and some dessert on Sunday night is a great way to enjoy the ambiance of this hip little place."  and dessert.  Thad is serious about his menu and you feel it when you experience his creations.  Libby always recommends the absolute perfect wine for every course...don't even bother trying to compete with her pairing knowledge.  The food is rather smart and inventive.  the interior is very reminiscent of blackbird in chicago." "another great experience last night at Bacaro. Over the top with wine and interesting food. I did the chefs choice starting with an incredible assortment of meats everything from house cured proscuitto to blood sausage and veal sweetbreads. We moved on to a great salad of raddichio and goat cheese with hazelnuts  the service is great.  This is a very professional place that you wouldn't expect to see in Champaign."  but I will certainly go back if I ever have a special enough occasion again."  but it was an interesting experience."  esp. about wine.  I am curious to see how the metamorphosis of the former Persimmon Grocery into a mozzarella bar (is CU ready?)/wine lounge/private dining salon will go."  if a little pretentious. But everything was overshadowed by the cavatappi. Just because we are students doesn't mean we don't deserve good food. I've had fantastic entrees for less at other places in CU." I think I need to save to go there again  but I really don't want to dislike this establishment and would like to come back again sometime in the future and give it another chance.  Until then  but I am so pissed about how the food has turned out for the price. Seriously..."  ambiance was great (although it's a shame that the place was so empty)... it was really a great dinner (sure And like what everyone else said  but if you're going with appetizers and dessert the amount of food will leave you full and happy without being too stuffed to leave your chair. The waitress made a great wine selection to go with our food. The restaurant isn't very big "This place is amazing.  I've only been their twice since each meal costs half a months rent.  It's totally worth it though. Also  and sweet smelling lotions! I want to try dinner here too but haven't been that adventurous. I'll update if i do!"  and the food was very over-priced.  I paid almost $30 for the ribeye steak which was the worst ribeye I have ever had.  If you want ribeye I'm not sure if it was just this visit or the one that followed that biased me  yet gave 4/5 stars? I have to save a star; there are better restaurants in the world." h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A Not rushing back any time soon."  including cloth hand towels in the loo.  Then I'll knock one star off for being too pricey for the market  I haven't had a better meal. I had the veal and it was wonderful. I can't recall much else but in a town without much choices other than the usual college fare  but overall the food was excellent.  My only complaint with Bacaro is the service.  Our waitress was attentive "Bacaro has been through some subtle but incredibly effective changes. I am happy to say it has taken back it's rightful spot as both my favorite and simply the best restaurant in town... and one of the my favorite spots anywhere. As I mentioned previously the decor and staff are superb Service is the only reason it was rated a 3 but the food is a 4." I lived in Chicago for many years so I had a LOT of great food around me  one would expect basic restaurant treatment.  I waited for 15 minutes even though I had a reservation.  The host was a snooty "My boyfriend took me to Bacaro for an amazingly romantic dinner date.  I was impressed with the atmosphere  showed promise of things possibly greater but comparing it to a dozen places I could name off the top of my head in either city Bacaro was good but at these prices it should have been better." The whole time my date and I were staring at this couple that did the at the time $98/person tasting menu...one YOUNG lady and a very old man... and they were a riot so I guess we had fun watching them. Other then that Wine bar is pretty decent and deserts taste good."  in contrast to many of the other reviewers who saw them as ""snooty"" and pretentious. The atmosphere was pleasant and the ambient music was suitable for the occasion." Excellent service. They were very busy so the food was slow but they kept our mouths entertained with free bread and appetizers. Of course it is pricey but it is worth it. Food was excellent.  Bacaro will not disappoint.  5 of us had a fantastic time at this restaurant last night.  We shared a couple of appetizers and entrees and everyone loved every dish we had.  The resounding favorite was the octopus appetizer which was tender and flavor- full.   The beef tenderloin was charred nicely on the exterior and was cooked to a perfect pink.  The seared scallops with Myers Lemon were refreshing and light.  The gnocci was a showstopper as was the risotto with black truffles and the duck breast.  We asked Thad Seating is limited and parking can be difficult to find but there's really no doubt that the food served here is the best in Champaign."  my gnocchi tasted like it came out of a Bertolli bag in the frozen section at a supermarket and the sauce was inundated with salt. After trying some parmesan I would totally recommend Bacaro if you need ""fancy dinner out."" Sometimes I do.  Sometimes I have parents who need impressing."  the best restaurant in Champaign right now.  I go frequently and will continue to go.  The food is consistently good I guess the only complaint is that the prices here are the same as in NYC..." This is a very good place to eat in the Champaign area.  The reason I gave it 5/5 (instead of 4/5) is because even though the food is a little over priced in my mind  but worth every penny. Incredible wine selection and a staff that loves to help you find that perfect food and wine pairing."  etc.  And NOTHING else.  He was stil hungry after he ate it.  (He was already asking what would be for breakfast that night when we went to bed because he was still hungry.)  I read someone else's review on Yelp that also said $28 for chicken?!  (yelp says I'm out of space  this is the best food around.  I really appreciate what this restaurant is about: good local food presented in a sophisticated yet approachable way.  The Monday arket menu is a great price too.  The staff is not pretentious which is always nice to see.  This is a diamond in the C-U rough."  perfectly portioned and delicious! We had the chef's tasting menu and I'm so happy we did. There were things that the waitress brought out that I would have never thought to order but ended up loving more than the others. I'd definitely recommend this place!"  there are certain dishes that are more tasty than others.  I would definitely recommend trying Bacaro at least twice in an attempt to determine the types of dishes you like and don't like." I can't say enough good things about this very very special restaurant.  I'm just disappointed we took so long to finally get around to eating there.  We will be back... this is now my favorite restaurant in Champaign Urbana!!"  the food has been good maybe 1.5 times- with me being able to say I enjoyed one complete meal (valentine's day) and the side of one of my mains (the spaetzle). If the food was consistent h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A  but the food is too buttery and overpriced. I went there twice last year. I forget exactly what I ordered  it probably will not return to Champaign again. I wish I could take this restaurant with me on the road. It was a pleasure to have this restaurant available in the middle of Illinois. The scallops and pork were delicious. The grilled octopus salad is a must. Portions are not huge  best restaurant in CU."  everything on the menu was 2 to 4 dollars more expensive than the already high prices posted on their ""sample menu"" online.   To be fair  it was so tender.  I was so thrilled the chef has decided to include this as one of the courses.  We had a big scallop seared and served over corn salsa which was almost sweet but just delicious.  We also had braised rabbit I am from Dallas and in Champaign for business.  I looked at Yelp for suggestions on good places to eat and Bacaro seemed to be the place to go.  I thought it was great.  Unique tasty dishes! h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A  and I could not have asked for a better experience. Food was excellent and the atmosphere was very warm and pleasant. Portions were reasonable Food was very good and presentation is excellent.   This is Champaign's version of  a Manhattan bistro. Perfect restaurant for dates."  hands down the best food.  We ordered the tasting menu and were not disappointed.  Seven courses and all were expertly prepared.  Staff was friendly and courteous....  we'll definitely be back."  beautiful food. Perfect amounts. Attentive. Just perfect."  topped off by a menu with ample flexibility."  I'm spoiled with the level of cuisine we can experience on a regular basis.  Although this restaurant wasn't quite on the level of Chicago The steak was excellent .  But I ordered  artichokes for the table and they were scrawny and there were only 2   Not much taste.  I had had them the night before at Radio Maria's and they were delish.  Also the price was way too high for this type of Italian food in downstate Illinois.  cool bar! Thad the owner is most gracious and makes everyone feel like a guest in his home. The wait staff is most accommodating and shares in Thad's love for the culinary arts. Bacaro might remind you of a River North restaurant (Chicago) without the inflated cost. Great people watching can be had on their outdoor terrace."  out he came!  Tainted our experience and maybe our waitress was just having a bad day but when you are dropping that kind of money on dinner- you had better train your wait staff on how to properly serve and deal with customers.  It was a shame because from the chef end- he did a great job of making delicious and interesting food- it's just too bad no one explained it well or delivered it professionally."  a great spot for good food and drink." "I had a lovely anniversary dinner here a few years back. I remember the pumpkin ravioli being delicious and the waiter service being great. Portions are relatively small Just wanted to post an update. We received a very kind letter from owner/ manager apologizing for our experience and gave us a generous gift certificate to try them again.  We definitely will give them another chance. Again- the food is amazing and we want to see them succeed." I probably wouldn't go here again just because its priced to high to take a chance on a very average meal. There are a lot of places near by that you get exactly hat you pay for. Unfortunately Bacaro is not one of those places." "If you want to be treated like garbage at a pretentious overpriced ""whatever"" of a restaurant then go.  My recommendation is avoid because there is way too much attitude here.  We were greeted rudely when they learned we did not have a reservation.... On a freaking Thursday.... In a college town!  We walked out  I am rating it in the context of other ""fine-dining"" establishments.  The restaurant's chefs clearly know how to cook Used Yelp to find this place and was not disappointed. Very good food and service meant for a great time. Will definitely go back when in Champaign again. "We had an absolutely great meal at Bacaros! We went all vegetarian but the mushrooms Wine list was very good. Food was excellent. Service was great. Atmosphere was great.  Will go again. I wold recommend this to anyone.  but with the server's help we all were very pleased with our orders! Also a great wine selection topped off the evening- also ordered with the staff's assistance. Awesome place!"  the servers are always more than willing to explain the menu with great detail and offer their recommendations. If I could afford to eat there more than three times a year h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A  but it is only mediocre in both taste and atmosphere." "Celebrated early retirement with 7 of us and thoroughly enjoyed the tasting menu and Benjamin's service!  Would highly recommend!  Food I've taken my wife here on two occasions. And both times the food and wine parings was amazing. I had a request for roses on the table for my wife and they were there when we arrived. The look of excitement on my wife face was priceless.  Thanks Bacaro. h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A  and a wonderful wine selection. Over the weekend I took a date here for dinner. We both had the filet. It was wonderful!  Cooked to perfection "I really liked Phils dish better than my own but the ambiance and the service was excellent  I love the extensive wine selection! Their bottle selection is really impressive. We had the pizzetta for an appetizer which has a great combination of flavors! I also loved the risotto Sometimes the dishes ""try too hard"" to be unique and modern; I'm all for molecular gastronomy and modern cuisine (even tried some in my kitchen) but the combination has to work. Chocolate cake and bacon? Not as good as chocolate cake without bacon."  quiet dining experience." "There are not a lot of really nice dinning restaurants in Champaign.  The menu is seasonal and changes at least 4 times per year.  All made fresh   but we both agree the smoked potato gnocchi was the winner! Nice atmosphere and friendly staff!  We will definitely come back!!!"  atmopshere. Sunday  1/2 price wine by the glass is a great deal. You won't regret going to Bacaro. This place would do well in Chicago or any other ""foodie"" city."  and ambience always excellent. Well tonight things went quite differently. It was looking like a total disaster. Issues with food service reservations etc. Then Rose (asst mgr) came to the rescue. Within a few minutes everything was made right. Loved Bacaro before "The finest dining restaurant anywhere around. The farm to table cousine is perfectly prepared. Our service is always fantastic and we bring our whole family--our children love the octopus. This is a prime example of ""you get what you pay for"". type of dining. Cocktails are consistently delicious and  the wine recommendations are excellent."  sweet Jesus it was awesome! This particular day was the Ciabatta bread sandwich with fresh mozzarella This restaurant is sort of hit and miss. I have had some really spectacular pasta with sea urchin. And some fairly mediocre short ribs. This is one of the best restaurants in the area but it wouldn't hold up too much competition elsewhere  we got PO'ed at the portions and went to another restaurant to fill up right after."  was attentive and kind. Very delicious and great presentations of each. Thank you to everyone on the staff for a lovely evening."  the mushroom dish that was described as served over risotto was served over cold orzo. Didn't knock my socks off."  it was amazing. We decided in the tasting menu and each got the wine pairing. There were seven courses on the tasting menu  try the 7 course tasting menu at 85 dollars. I don' t know if that is a deal but at least you get to try everything for $$$"  the ambiance was nice and we were seated at a table near the windows in the front.   I just am not super impressed with the portions or the prices."  the place was completley empty.  Two tables total seated eating.  After 2 people  and much talking they sat us.  price was very high.  food was average.  service was extremely slow.  The place never got more than half full.  Not sure what they consider booked.  Not worth the money." We went for a market Monday tasting menu meal with wine pairings. We were worried as the first two courses came out because they were a bit small but each one got larger and more delicious. It was about a 2-hour event to get through the whole meal but we got to try so many different things (the theme of the night was wild bore) and even though some weren't our top choice Everything was fabulous from start to finish.  which was startling in a fantastic way in its tomato sauce with shaved chorizo sausage--who knew such flavors could brilliantly mix? I followed this with the strip steak Amazing food. Rotating menu with wine recommendations. Large wine selection. Professional staff. Save room for dessert! This is a very very nice little gourmet restaurant that serves very good food at a little bit of a high price. The service was good and my friends and I did have a great time; I guess it could just be a little warmer for the tab. I would definitely get the Lamb Porchetta again and the Panna Cotta for sure. Good place for dates. The atmosphere is good and the service is excellent. I would say this is my favorite place in Champaign after being here for five years.  and she was blown away by the taste difference the pairings made.  I think the reviews stating that this restaurant was 'snooty' or that the service was slow are from people who don't truly understand what this restaurant is.  We spent 2 hours eating our 5 course meal.  It's a place where dining is an experience.  Come here expecting that Just drank some wine there. The bartenders were very nice. The ambiance and atmosphere is very good. Planning to have a dinner or brunch there. Amazing food and staff!! Can wait to go again and try more great food!! Truffle Fries were so fabulous! Would definitely return for another 'date night' or special occasion.  Definitely not a place to go for dinner if you're looking for grub  the waitresses are always so knowledgeable about the food and extensive wine list!  We first started going here five years ago and we have the most amazing oatmeal cream pie with sea salt.  My husband remember how much I enjoy that dessert and called them and asked if they would make that dessert for my birthday.  It was so thoughtful and sweet!  It is hard to find a restaurant that cares this much about it customers!" "I had the pork belly and my date had the fettucini.. both had a perfect combination of flavors.. the wine was great.. ambiance was perfect.. kiefer My boyfriend surprised me and took me here for my birthday and boy did he make a great choice. We each ordered the tasting menu and neither of us were disappointed. Everything we were served was amazing. We had things like drunken goat cheese and  several other things we had never tried before that we both just loved. I can usually find something I don't like when I go somewhere but with this restaurant I had not one issue. Everything from the staff to the atmosphere was just simply wonderful. I cannot wait to go back again. Came here with a friend's parents (who were paying!) and we loved it. The service was great and the food was amazing. I just personally could generally not afford to come here as a student. "Awesome spot to go if you want something a little more intimate and quiet. Good spot to bring a date. Menu changes with the seasons. It was a couple weeks ago since I've been. Server was Evan he was awesome "Fantastic food. The food comes slow on purpose. Abandon any thought of 1 hour meal. We were there 2.5 hours. It was awesome. The proportions aren't ""Central Illinois"" they are regular heathy proportions.  Slow down and enjoy the experience. I had the best soup I've ever tasted. Bring your rich relatives or boss who will pay. Expensive."  the seasoning gave the top a nice crisp and crunchy taste and feel.  The pork chop was accompanied by a few small Rosemary potatoes with a mix of arugula and a hint of olive oil.  The lasagna was not a traditional lasagna  though we can't go as often as we'd like since it is a splurge. The staff is always great: knowledgeable (ask them for recommendations and you will not be disappointed) Menu is comprehensive. Atmosphere intimate and quiet. Service pleasant. Food and service were spot on.  Menu was simple yet diverse.  Nice room.  and atmosphere were excellent.  Upscale dining for Champaign-Urbana area. Pricey  which was also excelent. We paired it with a reasonably priced Chianti wine. Overall one of the best dinning experiences I have in recent memory. The only small blemish on the eveing was we were sitting at the bar for dinner and one of the bartenders grabbed that delicious celery soup from us before we were finished  it's a bit pricey even for one of the few higher end restaurants in the area but the food is solid and the atmosphere is nice. I think it could be a 4 star meal if I didn't have that one bite of lobster that tasted like ammonia and if the desserts were a tiny bit better. However Would definitely recommend and if I'm ever back in the area "This place was top notch. Tried a couple of the ""interesting "" wines as well as a lovely Italian. Service was attentive and quick. Food was excellent and presented well. Will definitely go again."  but prefect to get a drink and a bite before a game at the BOB or the basketball arena... not too expensive for the quality of food you get." Update: Their new listed hours are 11am-3pm Monday through Friday & Special Events.  Guess you'll have to call ahead to find out if there's a special enough event in the area before you go..." I would definitely go back here before a game again.  It was a good relaxed atmosphere and a quick walk over to the stadium.  However Anybody want to join my one woman campaign?" My only gripe?  When the heck is it opened consistently?  Argh!"  they have a reverse happy hour. I'm not sure I would go back again before a game though. If you go during the week for lunch Next time: I'll ask for a plain burger and 1/4 of the normal amount of fries or some other side."  potato skins and burgers. It actually is a place where you can get a nice meal and a few drinks before heading to the game."  the service was reliable and they have a full service bar with a good selection of beers and whatever may be your lush's delight.  I'll definitely be back again to enjoy more good times with my boys and mas tequila shots."  12 props for serving as a (objective of course) political venue when requested!!" And they don't give me funny looks for ordering a shot of jager at 11AM before an afternoon game. . ." I hope you guys are doing well with your cholo hip hop nights you do there upstairs because you sure as hell aren't focused on customer service anymore. Or good food for that matter."  decent pub fare for pregame/postgame.  The menu may be hit or miss but there's lots of choices and most people won't be disappointed."  at 7 they turned down the lights and changed to some crappy R+B radio station. I guess that crowd who was coming in to get their 5 course wine and food pairings didn't want to listen to the game.  Why exactly they came to Coach and Willies then I feel like this place is a place I would probably bring my parents to Overall it is not a bad place and I would go again if invited but I want to try some other places in the area too on my infrequent trips downtown."  I liked it!  I ordered the italian stallion sandwich with fries and thought it was very yummy.  Steve was great and attentive and I really liked the whole look of the restaurant.  I would definately reccomend going here with a group of friends.  The parking situation is kinda wierd We had to run to the game and unfortunately the D-Back lost!!!!  Coach and Willies is a great find.  We had a great tasting meal "Im probably being so unfair with a rating of 3...Im not much of a sports bar girl.. but this place is fun.. and its a place to go pre-game.. have a few beers..and get into the moment...of testosterone... full of yelling guys.. and girls serving in sportsy shirts... not the friendliest girls either... so beer is cold... service way slow... my friend ordered a plate of chicken nachos... forever and ago...they finally arrive... are they okay.. yep  but who knows.  They have lots of great TV's so it would be an awesome place to watch any game.  If they start playing MLS games The overall prices are a bit high and that's what would keep me away in the future."  and I wish they would have been more intentive to ask my group if we wanted the televisions on. Which would have raised the overall atmosphere rating."  stringy texture. Owner/manager/bartender certainly has no business being in the hospitality industry. Two of two times here  but I had ordered at the bar so I just got to tease everyone else. I thought it was a pretty yummy place for lunch  late night bites and a corporate function and everytime i've liked it. It is one of my favorite places to go before a baseball or basketball game. They have a great selection of handcrafed beers both on tap and in bottles. There food is also really good for what i take as more of a bar enviornment. There burgers  especially because of the atmosphere mixed with pretty good food.  I have never found myself thinking about going here outside of a game day I will recommend to every single person I know to never patronize that establishment "I lived by here and eat here all the time. I recommend the lobster bisque even though my gf says it makes me smell like a fish. I also recommend the Italian nachos This is my very favorite restaurant/bar in downtown Phoenix!  It has great atmosphere from fun to semi-formal and the food is fabulous.  Even breakfast is totally de-lish! "C&W's is one of my favorite places for lunch downtown.  I've been coming here for years.  The portions are huge and the staff is great.  The only thing I miss are the huge They have a location opening in Chandler early next year and I cannot wait!!"  but not bad. Seemed like a very authentic ""pub"". BUT very pricey. Spent like $24 on 2 beers and a quesadilla! Kidding me??" Can't wait for their Chandler location to open!" I am looking forward to trying them out when they open the new Chandler location." I had the Italian Stallion sandwich and it was pretty good. It would have been better if they sliced the meat Jerry Mike's Style (nice and thin). The thick ham and salami slices made it tough to bite and hold. Oh well. We'll be back the next time we need to pregame in Phoenix. The large covered patio was a nice break from the heat." "The food at this Sports Grill is good and the portion sizes are very fair.  The service that we experienced from our pleasant young server was not so good.  By that I mean - House Salad: Basic but a good choice to balance out one of the heavier meal options." Horrible bar service... All Draft Beers are out on a SATURDAY! Not worth the stop. These sandwiches and two drinks cost us over $50. Hence Awesome place. Really nice staff  I hope no one else makes the mistake of going to this place and expecting the good food that people here have written about. The menu is rather large and maybe that's why they are having a hard time keeping the food at a high quality. If you go here before a game  and C&W was a good venue for it. I'm not sure if I'd ever frequent the place on my own since I'm not huge into sports  smothered in marinara sauce and cheese with 4 pieces of garlic bread!! These will please your mouth in ways its never been pleased!" j8nyAaN_w5t6wYv-ni23sg "Awesome place. Really nice. Outstanding service from Matt. Food is delicious  after 45 minutes you'll eat anything. Beer was overpriced at $5 for a glass. We got out of there as quickly as we could after the food was consumed. Won't be back."  I noticed all the dishes are pretty BIG.  The service was quick and pretty good.  I ordered the chicken fingers with fries.  Their batter is little coated and crispy.  The chicken was still moist.  All in all Such a terrible experience."  live music some nights and even a DJ on Friday nights I think. Brunch menu is unbelievably good! I had mimosas of course to quench my thirst. : ) Hits the spot-especially after a night of drinking! AND the deserts they have are even delicious! There is a lot more I can say and I am pretty picky about the places I like. Definitely go!"  which she ended up getting wrong three times. We were there for 2 1/2 hours and received a small discount from the manager. I don't know if this is how it's normally run or if they were understaffed for some reason  great service. I come here several times a week. Live next door and it is always good. 6 buck burgers can't be beat!"  but here's why. The place its still looks really good and feel about it. The waiters are ill-trained. I came here with a groupon/google offer. I've always wanted to see what it is all about. I am so thankful that I was only out a few bucks and didn't have to pay full price. They screwed up my bill and took FOREVER to fix. Had to get the manager  Danny wet above and beyond to make sure we still had a pleasant experience. we will definitely be back thanks Danny!" It was my first time there and the pasta with alfredo was very good and filling!  WiFi and free parking during lunch." Service was fast...no complaints. My whiskey blackened steak wrap was yummy. The two free beers (paid for by the school principal/owner)  so it's a good spot for a beer and a ballgame.  Wood smoke from the pizza oven creates a great aroma Great service. Fun downtown atmosphere. Highly recommended  your manager then said "" I'll go get the owner for you."" There was no demanding there.  Also please learn to read before posting replies as I stated the owner BASICALLY said to shut up and stop whining.  The way he spoke to us is the reason why we would never come back.  Also you posted in my mom's review that our food and drinks were comped.  We sent the food back as it was cold Happy hour meatballs before the game.  Add a beer and it's all good. On the positive side I would say this place is fairly priced for what you get and they seemed to have some good specials going for locals on certain days and thankfully on that night for us still serve food late night. Just next time it would be nice for them to actually mention the delay in the pizza when ordering if they would have been done we would have been fine and probably order something else to hold us over. Or even possibly following thru on bring out items when they say they will. Maybe on another late night downtown will make an appearance but it wouldn't be my first choice."  heaven forbid your thirsty on a bad day.... lastly by the time my husband was able to grab the attention of Said server for katsup and mustard his burger it was cold and my salad had yet to arrive.. hence the extra time to sip on my late beer waiting for dinner.. I would say there are better more collected establishments in the area... wait as I hear the second ring from the kitchen for the salad that I can see from the window but can not have... :("  so we went last night.  The waiter was very friendly and attentive to our group.  The appetizers were wonderful and the waiter was very helpful when we asked what he recommended--his recommendations were right on!  We got an order of wings and asked to have the sauce on the side because we were not sure how it would taste--the wings came out nice and crispy--yum!  And it was perfect because some of us at them naked and some with the sauce--perfect!  The Italian nachos were great and we had few birthdays in our group so we were treated to some yummy dessert!  We will definitely be back!"  and when nothing was going on (in town to visit friends) and have had no significant issues with anything.  Food is standard pub fare and well prepared and they have always treated us well.  In fact j8nyAaN_w5t6wYv-ni23sg  what a disappointment! Should have went across the street to SanTan Brewery for decent food and service. We were served our drinks in a timely manner while looking at the food menu  Coach and Willies was sold and turned in to Legends back in October 2012. Please know that when posting on this site. You should go to the Legends site to do so." Besides that - huge bar.  When it's empty (a non-game day) it seems even bigger.  But that can work great if you want to meet a crowd there for a non-sports event.  The dance club space has been a bit more hit and miss over the years.  It went from lame to cool to not so hot to the large outside area is awesome because it is so big..." 5XIvwfbIa-vuFEkkeCQ6kQ  she said we could order a drink with hard liquor in it.  We put in an order for a round and our dinner order at the same time telling her in detail the way we wanted our hamburger-she went away and was promptly back for our credit card-no drinks or food  till you have opened a tab.  Drinks came (without my lime as requested-but plenty of lemons) as people were seated and served drinks and food; a second round was ordered and served-still waiting for food...when we asked about the food she pulls out her blank order form and asks us what we wanted.  Too late for that I won't be going back anytime soon."  and the bar tender tried to double charge us for food. Nice service. My advice "This place should just shut down.  Went for drinks before the TOOL concert and they had 4 people working...REALLY?  Waiting for 10 minutes at the bar He made a comment about the Phillies hat  I was wearing and walked past(he had a braves hat on). We got up and left after about 10 mins went by.  The ""New"" Jacksons on 3rd is worse than the old Jacksons  but later found out they have a new owner and I sat down and talked with him. He's a good guy and we may network together in the future."  most other times the downtown is a ghost town after 6. We had the place to ourself They have such an amazing location in the heart of the action after events.  Their food is decent enough that I'd be willing to grab something there again purely for convenience if only I knew what to expect when it came to the service.  But unfortunately - I can't." I'm disappointed that it doesn't compare to others around the world and seems out of place in Phoenix. A Hard Rock Scottsdale would be way cooler."  but I don't think I'd go before a game! I can see it getting really crowded really fast!" - Across the street from the arena where Phoenix Suns play  and all the Rock n Roll memorabilia hanging from the walls were able to bring in the post-game crowd. It also shielded us from the crazy summer storm that was building up outside. Hallelujah."  you know what to expect."  & it really didn't matter because we were famished & everything tasted good.  Very impressed with this city.  Hope for a longer visit in the distant future." "I ate here a while back and walked away full. We had overpriced salads and hamburgers that were large and filling and tasted decent. This place is great for tourists staying downtown or going to an event  no question about it.   Luckily all the lunches I've had at this place have been paid-for by someone else.  I wouldn't give a dime to this place when they rip you off with watered-down drinks and so-so food."  and what could have struck him to write those words down in that order.  I didn't mind my overpriced drink that visit.  Unfortunately I walked around the PHX HRC and thought 'They bothered to hang that up?'.  This location could use some Help! in more ways than one." Why I gave HR three stars I will never know.  Why I keep going back is certainly beyond my capacity to understand.  Maybe they put crack in the mac.  That would explain why I order it time and time again.  If you haven't been  and told the hostess.  She said she would check and then she came back and said they didn't find anything.  I argued with her because we had JUST LEFT and finally went back to our table where it was still sitting in the bench.  Way to go idiot."  we'll skip this chain and just ask the locals where's a good place to eat."  White & Bleu Burger which had some buffalo sauce and bleu cheese on it. I ate half of it and was fine. The french fries were very good. The waitress was friendly and kept our drinks filled. For dessert we had the begger bag (I think that is what it was called) - you know Maybe it's the corporate management bs that was in the way. Maybe not. Either way After being let down by Karim and his cobbler deli..My friend and I walked to Hard Rock Cafe. Service was prompt and friendly..how could it not be.. there were only 4 tables occupied. The whole reason we ventured out was for cobbler (see review on Karim's Cobbler Shop & deli for debacle)and lo and behold Hard Rock was offering Apple Cobbler. The day was not wasted. I opted for the spicy chicken mac 'n cheese and I was not disappointed.. it had a kick to it. It is rare to experience true flavor at a chain so I was extremely pleased. They could have thrown in a bit more chicken but in their defense I did order the side not the meal. But the side was plenty filling. Onto dessert. oooh the fabulous cobbler crunchies....imagine me squeal with delight. Apple wouldnt  have been my first choice but it was damn good. Revenge is mine Karim! Thank you Hard Rock for saving the day. This Hard Rock was ok. That is being generous considering when I went to Phoenix it eventually became a trip from hell. Downtown Phoenix has no character and apparently the rest of the city does not have any either and that is very sad considering how big the city is. I think the only reason Hard Rock decided to put a cafe here is because the city is so big but nothing really great culturally. You don't here about the great music scene this town has so this cafe seems to stick out like a sore thumb in retiree central. Still it is nice to go something familiar and get the signature T-shirt. Can't SOMEONE put a decent place in downtown Phoenix? PLEASE!"  I had been a fan of the place for years. Had once spent many evenings at the Boston HRC when I lived in MA and had fond memories of the old Phoenix location as well. But just as the music we call Rock has deteriorated so has this conglomeration! So long fair well HRC  exactly what you should tip on your $17 burger with 6 onion rings.  The server seemed sweet until she tried twice to upsell us an overpriced dessert.  Save your money and find somewhere else to dine.  Seriously not worth the 30 min wait and messy restroom either!" All 3 walked out before the last of my friends did - every single one of them was stunned at how the single staff member working made them feel like they were intruding (I did exit polling) and decided that there must be another place in Downtown Phoenix on a Friday night that would like some money." "This Hard Rock is really nothing special. It is much smaller than most of them and doesn't have any really spectacular memorabilia in it. Still gkv2XvXpFgiq4Bb2XK7YmQ  and Super Stereo kicked butt!  Check them out!!" Two stars because it's still the Hard Rock Cafe."  but that comes with the HRC name.  We have found the entire staff to be friendly and accommodating.  A neighborhood HRC bar...hmmmm.  Sure feels like it."  It was nothing special! Could get a better burger elsewhere! Mother had their twisted mac and cheese. She claimed it was the best she ever had? Wife and daughter agreed it was very good. I don't like mac and cheese so I never tried it. Over all food was OK! Service was very good!"  it will be quite crowded.  The location alone makes this place perfect for dinner and drinks before attending games/concerts.  I will be back!" We were here to see KINCH play and they really did am outstanding job. We drove to Phoenix from California and it was worth it. We will definitely be seeing them when they are in a closer venue. OUTSTANDING!! "Long lines before/after sporting events. Limited beer selection. Mediocre food. I wasn't impressed. I can't tell you how many times I thought it would be a good idea to stop in for a drink or snack while in the area 3 stars cause the people that worked there were really nice  even though it's a little pricey for what you get. The fact of the matter is that there just aren't many other decent places to eat in the downtown area when you want something quick and easy. Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here The staff works really hard and can jive talk with the best of 'em. Stop in I asked the waiter what was gluten free on the menu and he didn't know. He asked the manager and still came back with a weird understanding of what I could order. It's strange that a huge chain like this would not have a gluten free menu or know what on their menu was ok to eat. It's the only restaurant that hasn't been accommodating to my gf lifestyle.  my Margarita was blue and the food was so-so.  Then I found out the $50 on my card could not be used towards alcohol....which made up over 50% of our bill.  Oh well.  Had a lot more fun and the Honolulu one  but overpriced drinks and signed guitars on the walls do not bang my shutters." "Food never disappoints - usually go before a Phoenix Mercury game.  Like their mac and cheese ! A little it expensive  including giving me a 15% military discount.  Disappointed that gift shop didn't have any XXL classic city T-shirts.  Salad and dessert were excellent." - The music videos they play are awful. For being the Hard Rock Cafe you'd think that they'd play some well known rock stuff. ...nope... my guest and I were there for almost two hours and there was only one song we recognized. While I'm not a music expert Fun atmosphere and awesome appetizers. Our waitress was quick and it was a convenient location since we were taking in a Suns game after dinner. "Went for the show (February State) and was glad I came early for the food. The place is very small for a band venue but we were able to get one of the last two tables. We had a great view of the band. Our chicken club sandwiches came with fries. Very good fries and the sandwich was large well cooked and seasoned. I would have it again! Word of caution  so we ordered an appetizer of chicken lettuce wraps. Nothing to complain about. Eveything was fresh and the layout of the food was appealing. Ordered and iced tea that was better then most places. We also had a great waiter...don't recall his name though. Prices are a little high  although 2 members of the party did cut up their mouths eating the hard as a ""Rock"" bread on their sandwiches. The mac n' cheese was nothing special.  The service was beyond poor.  First and last time I will eat at Hard Rock Cafe." I have never been to the Hard Rock Cafe before so I personally enjoyed the decor. Our waiter was hilarious and I loved my Granny Smith burger. The portions were big and I had a lot of fun. gkv2XvXpFgiq4Bb2XK7YmQ "Right across from US Airways Center in Downtown Phoenix. Nice place to go to if your in the area. Lot of signed stuff adorns the wall here "It's been awhile since I've been to a Hard Rock Cafe and this one is really nice! My friend and I stopped in for lunch yesterday while attending a convention and decided to give it a try. Our server was so good and super friendly and he constantly checked in on us. The food itself? Well I ordered the shrimp  and not one of us actually enjoyed our food.  We had called ahead (2 weeks) to reserve a table before a game.  When we got there I've been wanting to eat here since my last trip to Vegas. And I'm glad I did! It was just the same. I had the Twisted Mac N Cheese which was delicious and Darren had the fish n chips... Fantastic... The bruschetta was great... My salad I tried the pear dressing which was a bit odd but a bit good at the same time.. Good. Our server was very nice. I felt a tad rushed and think they need to wait a bit between apps and main course and not ask if I am done while I am eating lol but over all I'm glad we have one here in Phoenix! I also think they need cloth napkins.. The paper ones are kinda lame. Two stars because they have a groovy sound system and seem to support local artists. But I get that at a lot of places with good food/drink and no bums lurking outside the front door."  out of the two items we wanted and then the overpriced food we got was mediocre! The server was nice It's an OK spot if you're in the downtown area for standard bar food but if you are looking for something more Great entertainment...Amanda went the extra mile for our thirst!! Nice location though." I would maybe go here again but I would not go out of my way to make it over here."  but the food was only ok. Everything was so spicy! Even just the chicken tenders were spicy! LITERALLY EVERYTHING WE HAD WAS SPICY! It was a little disappointing when we left a little hungry and our mouths burning. The major pros was that it was clean  finally came back to take our dinner order and we were basically ignored for the rest of the time.  She did come back and check on the ""other"" tables she had.  We finally had to wave like idiots and get her attention Terrible service on a Saturday night!? Watch your check. They add 18% without asking and it is hidden in with the meal charges. Don't know how I caught it but will not be back-ever. Oh and the food was bad all around. Spend your money else where! This is a beautiful location of the Hard Rock cafe. It is really nicely kept up. The service was good and I love their Haystack chicken salad.  latter a salad and a bbq chicken that was a little under cook (but was promptly fixed by our server)." Good location after a trip to US Airways Center across the street." "Cody did a great job. We got here right before a Suns game and the place was pretty busy. We were seated fairly quickly and ordered the sampler platter. Food was great and came in a timely manner We went here for nachos after the concert and of course we expected it to be busy but we got our drinks and food in a timely manner. Staff was friendly and fast! I will be returning! Oh and the nachos and onion rings were delicious! Chips were nice and crispy! Our waitress was a doll." Went on a Saturday night.  Can't say too much good about the place or anything bad about the place. Happy Hour really isn't a happy hour it's only a dollar off cocktail and draft. I ordered a burger my lady ordered the fajitas they were both okay. The workers were nice as well. The quality of food and drink you can get at a local chili restaurant for half the price. I wouldn't recommend this place to anybody or down the idea of going back if a group of friends wanted to go.. It was the ultimate so so experience Dined in and enjoyed all the memorabilia displayed. New location in downtown PHX next to the D-Backs stadium.  Seems to get a good amount of traffic during events but during the weekend it wasn't busy at all.  Sat at the bar ordered a sampler platter and food was pretty good.  Big fan of the restaurant and collected a new pin to add to my collection." "Very fitting restaurant and atmosphere before our group of 21 enjoyed the Billy Joel ( and Gavin DeGraw opening right across the street at the US Airways Center) concert.  The food was awesome and served hot and promptly- the  grilled salmon was perfect and the mashed potatoes were to die for; ribs were huge and tasty. The chocolate cheesecake was delicious. The awesome Stephanie set this up for our large group of 21 and we had 2 large tables reserved and set up right smack in the middle of the main dining area. Our servers Catie and SaBeth were spectacular - on the ball  10 minutes is a bit of a long wait with the heat. The waitress came as I was heading to the to get water from the bar. She got our order. I asked for a root beer and a burger with no onions. The root beer came late and the burger came with onions. It may have been the kitchen's fault and the food was still good. The Over priced. Horribly cooked burger. Bad layout of the main floor. You want a better burger? Go to the Tilted Kilt a block away. Better layout and timely service? Go to Arrogant Butcher. Restaurant closed at 10pm in the city! It has a bar! The drinks were decent...but nothing to make me stay there. Much better places to go within walking distance for the price. "Bartender and server were very friendly and helpful "This place is pretty cool. My first time here was for a coworker's retirement party and she was thrilled this was the place we chose. The food was excellent for me. Can't go wrong with twisted mac and cheese! Even though our party was big Had an excellent lunch today. Spotless and good atmosphere. Food was terrific and Mallory couldn't have been better. My best Hard Rock visit among many locations! On a DBack game night we waited 10 minutes maybe. The salmon is excellent and the drinks are to die for. They actually use alcohol. The hurricane was delish...I love hard rock"  although the bar was still open for a couple more hours). The hostess came to the store area and was extremely friendly! She explained some of the pins and made sure that I saw all the options available. I found one for my collection and was pleased to find one honoring the Year of the Horse (on sale too!) for my brother. The transaction was quick and we were out in a just a few minutes. The location is conveniently located in Downtown Phoenix across the US Airways Center. There is street parking available. I'm not sure if there is a parking structure available." "It was the first time I'd ever been to a HRC and it was incredible. Went in with my daughter about noon on a Tuesday  I had the ""duo"" combo with ribs & brisket and my wife has the pulled pork sandwich. We were both pleased. Not as much memorabilia as other HRCs but still interesting  but it was pretty good.  The beer was great and we had a very good time.  I tip my hat to the staff at this place and highly recommend that you get your picture taken there along with ordering some great food & drink. (We were there in September of 2014.)" I stopped in just for souvenirs and was treated great! The person behind the counter was super friendly. There were two other people there complaining about the price of some of the items and asked if they could get a discount or anything and he politely explained no. He made some suggestions as to what I should purchase and I am completely satisfied with my purchase! Love visiting all of the Hard Rock Cafe's when we're out traveling! "I stopped in with a friend on a Sunday night while walking around the area and watching the ice skating. It wasn't crowded and our server showed up immediately. I ordered the colossal mushroom burger with onion rings. That thing was HUGE. I cut it in half and managed to stuff my face. It was delicious What is there really to review a couple of cold beers and some Nachos service was great could have been better but with it being full understandable. Great environment music playing tvs with the music video. Food was great had ribs and pulled pork combo  make sure you look around at all of the music memorabilia. I saw stuff from Kiss Yes I would come back. Hope I can enjoy the place without playing handyman." Good location right across from the U.S. Airways arena. It looked pretty busy but they were able to seat us right away. Food and service was on par with other Hard Rocks we've been to. Drinks were overpriced and  watered down though. My advice is to stick with beer or wine here. Our waitress Noelle was awesome!! Ask for her ! Food so so drinks and atmosphere excellent "It's a fun place for a quick bite. The food is consistently good and the staff is friendly. It's loud and usually crowded on game nights  which tells me they are dirty. We ordered nachos and chicken fingers. Simple right? Well we asked for chicken on nachos and it looked like chicken off of chicken wings. Lots of fat. The waitress was odd and wouldn't go out of her way to fix it. I will not ever step foot in the establishment again. Worst  service  I'm surprised they even have customers. I came here with several co workers. service was so bad that we ended up asking for boxes as our meals came out. when she brought out our to go boxes  gracious and patient with my family. The entrees' were so filling that dessert was impossible to order.   Angel even went out of his way and took pictures afterwards by the Hard Rock Caf logo.  We absolutely had a great experience visiting from Wisconsin on Spring Break vacation!  Thanks again for making it memorable for us." "Food here is awesome if u can get any service what so ever to eat!  Been here 3 or 4 times to this location and the service here is the worst I think I have ever seen in such a long time. Each time a different problem has arisen and each time the management is worse then our server. This time was we had a portion of our food left on our plates. As we got up to mingle with friends I let our lovely server know we r not finished and we will be right back. We return to see the food taken away.  The server knows that's an issue so she gets the manager.  Instead of management going out of their way to please us Kind of dated now but like the fact they are open late to serve you after a game or downtown activities." Next for dessert...on our menu it said ""bakers choice""... I was SO excited for something delicious. We all received 2 cookies. LOL just kind of humorous as this point. That was your bakers big plan for dessert? I ws completely disapointed with the Hard Rock. I havent been there since I was a kid and remembered it being so good. Save your money." "I was in town and wanted someplace to cool off and the HRC was close to where I was.  I went and found this HRC to be very pleasant.  The staff was tremendous.  Very friendly at the door and being seated.  The server was also very friendly and helpful.  The staff gets 5 stars!  We had the Ribs and Chicken Combo.  The food has come a long way in the 30+ years I have been going to the HRC.  The ribs were very tasty and had enough BBQ sauce in where it was not dry.  The chicken was actually moist and tasty as well.  Chicken seems to be a crutch for all establishments.   Very simple dish  service was excellent and food was great!!!!" "If it were possible I would have given this place a 0 star rating.  I went in with my kids and the entire experience once we sat down was awful.  We didn't order a ton and you could tell the server didn't like that and pretty much stopped caring.  The thing is that had he cared and treated us the way any customer should be treated he would have made as much in a top if we had ordered a bunch Worst experience ever. Slow . Service sucks. They lie about prices. Place is small. Will never be back. They need to be shut down. Bar tender is on speed and sucks. one of their entrees was forgotten.   Was told the app would be free because of it (it wasn't).  Was told beer would be discounted "This place is ridiculous! We paid $39.10 plus tip for two hamburgers and two ice teas. I am not usually one to complain  which i typically like trying new and local places but its still really good food and drinks. Last visit we shared the 3 sample plate of BBQ (Chicken I had the honey mustard chicken and my wife had the shrimp plate. Good wasn't bad. Cost was around $100. Mainly because of the drinks. Typical themed food. "Way past it's prime.  For the price of the food It's the hard rock!!!! What can you say? Love the place! Great music and great food. Same the world over!!!! I hit a hard rock whatever city I'm in!!! Pin collector and food lover and beer lover! Margaritas in the Phoenix hard rock were very good!!!! "Well I mean it's the Hard Rock Cafe so what can you say.  I am not really a fan of chains but stopped in for a drink during a downtown Phoenix bar hop.  We arrived pretty early on a weeknight so it was pretty dead.  We sat at the bar and had really good service  but we decided to go yesterday an hour before the Suns game and we are so glad we did! We sat at the bar and ordered a draft Budweiser and a draft dos equis  which they told us would last for about three and a half hours. I would understand if the private party had started already - clearly somebody paid a lot of money to rent out the entire restaurant  and 2) the point was not so much that we were turned away 15 minutes before closing; rather that such an establishment closes 2 hours earlier than all the competition in the area  but they might benefit from chilling out for a minute and soaking in some of that Hard Rock cool af aura that I've experienced at other Hard Rocks. Make me think that paying $18 for a chicken Cesar salad was totally worth it!  This location definitely did not convince me." "Should have read the reviews before coming. Food definitely sub par....cold burger Awesome place to go to have drinks after a performance across the street at the arena. The people who worked there are all very friendly and Javi the bartender was a rockstar! I was really impressed how he kept up with so many people & made great drinks! He had an amazing energy about him & haven't seen such a good bartender for a large diverse crowd in years! This place also served excellent food.. I saw what other people were eating and I was like.. Yum! I need to come back when I am hungry! "Walked in last night to grab a some food and a drink before seeing a show at Comerica. We were in a hurry tonsee a show so we sat at the bar and were greeted by Shelley who immediately without even looking at us stated no alcohol food only. Both me and my date were sober. We didn't argue just ordered our food and quickly left. The promotional gift cards we were unsing supposedly didn't work. But she did go in the back and get some that did. She was rude helped me navigate the menu for my food allergies which all came out good. She got y daughter her food right away. But was just all around really awesome server." Come here before the kenny chesney concert.  And took over 30 min to get one drink.  And the manager was so rude to everyone.    They have more then half there tables open and still have a hour wait. .  The staff is rude and all standing around talking.  Dirty tables everywhere.  But i guess gossiping and talking shit about customers is more important than customer service.   Being in the industry i am disgusted by the service and the attitude i will never come back. . Oh yeah 35 min now still no drink.. We came back next day for lunch because Jennifer said they had live music on the patio. There came up an incident on another table. The manager Jennifer took care of it with ease. I would recommend this restaurant and their staff any day. Thanks for making our girls weekend memorable"  she gave me her recommendation and she ended up surprising me... I will definitely be back for Kelsea"  we knew it was our table. The manager runs over to us and starts yelling at us and saying who sat you? Who told you you could move tables? We tell her the host did and she VERY snobby says then why don't you have menus? We let her know the host was grabbing them and we see her stomp up to the host and start screening at them. She comes back and starts putting knifes on the table and when she gets to me that let her know we waited an hour and a half and we did not seat our selfs she SLAMS my knife down and walks away. We all were in shock! I don't know how this lady ever has to deal with any customer she should not be interacting with anyone! Maybe she can be the late night manager that deals with the drunks at last call but she should NEVER work treat customer that are there for dinner that way! We ordered right away drinks and food the server was kind *** the GM retched out to me and it was nice to talk to him I hope this makes a difference for other customers and they are treated with respect."  every song sounds exactly the same yet slightly worst than the last one. This has to be what they play at Guantanamo Bay to torture terrorists. They are playing fast and loose with the term ""Rock""." Very underwhelmed with this hard rock...very few people and our service was very slow. The salad was very good but the fajitas were below average.  to where it was close to game time. The manager noticed how long it took and automatically took care of it for us. It was nice that the issue was recognized without us having to say something. We were a lil late to the game Great place...and I look forward to my next visit in Phoenix to come back here." I ended up getting lost at the art walk and randomly ran into this place... and i have to say i am a big fan... it is in a different part of town than i normally hang out in but the atmosphere is pretty cool.... it feels trendy but is a casual place... they have a pretty good wine selection at various price ranges... i did not try the food and not sure about the happy hour but i will go back soon... Forget Kaz. Try Cheuvoront instead." I'm eager for my next visit so I can try some of their martinis and buy cheeses from their retail section I really like this place and would definitely come back.  I had a blueberry martini that was dreamy and for dinner I had the halibut entree which was also very good.  Their wine selection is very good... I did have a glass of wine too because someone ordered a bottle of wine and I felt compelled to help him out:)  And from what I remember the service was also very good.  was my 400th review. :)"  I might get even better at pretending to be a wine snob! I might even actually learn something!"  but I probably will only do so if I'm in the area -- and only if I've already eaten something." I definitely will return to try something new on both the wine list and menu.   RC" during my month long Phoenix visit."  or just to sit at the bar and try a new wine or two.  I know I will be there in the future especially with Kristin S. moving so close to it!"  please watch out for the tip unless you believe the service is superb...."  decor and relaxed vibe at Cheuvront's.  I've never been a fan of darkly lit restaurants  second place went to the coconut cream pie. The others were just ok.  But it was the combined seminar/restaurant experience with friends that made the evening unique and thus  1 bottle of wine and 1 small cheese/fruit tray and it come to around $100. That "As far as wine and cheese bars go - this place has Postino's beat by a long shot.  The wine list is impressive.  The staff can make recommendations on the fly.  The owner actually takes his staff to visit vinyards so they become familiar with the wines.  The food is out of this world - but unpretentious.   You don't have to travel to Scottsdale to get fine food and drink -- we've got it right here in Central Phoenix at Cheuvront.   With that said - try the Macaroni and Cheese - which is what I tried tonight - out of this world Cheuvront is a solidly enjoyable place to kick back after a long day of work. Although some of their happy hour food and cocktails could use some improvement  and they offer 25% off of Bottles to resturant industry workers!! Way to be!!!!" If you see me at Cheuvront stop by and say hello. I'll be the one in the corner making sweet love to the macaroni and cheese..... no joke." "I think I really like this place. Ayesha and I had a chance to visit  Cheuvront on a Monday night. It wasn't terribly busy when we arrived and we were warmly greeted. Unfortunately we were seated next to a loud group of young children that thought they knew something of the world and were very LOUDLY passionate about their arguments. The F bombs were being dropped so incessantly that it became annoying. Our server and the manager that was walking around said nothing to this group. Finally when I could no longer hear what Ayesha was saying The atmosphere here is very laid back and we all lingered over wine and dinner. Near the bar they were showing an old James Bond film on a large screen. in french. which somehow made the place feel all that more sophisticated and charming. I will def. be back and would recommend this place for a long meal and It goes without saying that downtown Phoenix isn't the first area of town that most people think of when they think of hangout spots and eateries.  It's still not quite there yet I would still go back to cheuvront however I think in the future it would be better for just drinks and possibly appetizers" I would like to extend my kudos to Barry.  He is the reason I kept returning as he has what it takes to take the front of the house experience to the next level."  and it is a nice spot to hang out with friends and have a nice night out. Especially during a first friday." My only complaint/inquiry/confusion was - no door handles going to the bathroom? how do I know which side to push on? weird and not high-art enough to be cool."  I'll still remember that night less for the cheese and wine than for being the only half hour of ""So You Want to Be A Country Star!"" I've ever endured."  but might think twice about returning for a sit-down meal unless I was sure that I'd have plenty of time to spare." Cheuvront's is a gem.  Their wine selection is superb and their cheeses are tough to trump.  I have always been treated to wonderful service and taste treats.  I also love that they have such a wonderful champagne by the glass selection.  The Laurent-Perrier is by far the best and I love that they have it in splits.  Always something to look forward to when traveling to Phoenix. "After spending almost 3 hours at this restaurant on NYE and our party having to reschedule some of the nights events.  I was somewhat reluctant to go back to cheuvront so soon when some of our friends asked us to go with them after the OYE at the Heard Museum. regardless we went for appetizers and cocktails  require talent and skill and desire to create an experience that keeps folks coming back.  If I want to drink good wine in a mediocre setting  and I'm clearly going to have to pay more attention to Kristi's reviews." Go for the page-long cheese menu and affordable yet varied wine selection.  I can not believe this place has been here for five years and i just now visited it. The Spanish plate This also is a great place to meet up for a pre-show drink if you're headed to the theater. I also have heard good things about their brunch menu on the weekends so that might have to be on the itinerary for a Sunday trip to the Art Museum via METRO. Yes. Yes. Go Looking forward to returning to Cheuvront and having lunch or dinner!!" I'm sure that those with my proclivities are smart enough to avoid Cheuvront by the name alone.  I ended up there and don't want to throw the place under the light rail because its somewhere I'd never normally go.  Take it from someone a little higher on the social ladder than me maybe."  since this is totally unverified and historically questionable  I thought that the price was a bit extravagant for the portion sizes. Overall  this is a really chill place to either wind down after work or to shmooze with a date. I highly recommend this place because if you haven't done the wine/cheese thing you really don't know what you're missing. Just a heads up muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hU6sN5r6vayqm_RMgvPGOQ?select=Y6gF0oMs3bwU8vjC7Kymsg"  but for the price it's certainly one of the best." Happy hour includes $5 appetizers and discount on wines by the glass. Try to pork empanada (little piece of heaven) and the chicken phyllo pockets. I love the ambiance in this place.  It is great for a group of friends or for a quiet date night.  Their wine selection is wonderful and the staff is extremely knowledgeable.  I don't go there to really eat all that often only because I am a vegetarian and their vegetarian selection is just OK.  Not that what I have had wasn't fantastic but there are better places to go for vegetarian dining.  Their brunch is fairly decent but a tad expensive.  What I enjoy most is the wine tastings (they have them every month).  Each time I go I learn something new about wine and have had the pleasure of tasting some unique and flavorful vino's.  I highly recommend Cheuvront!  some pairings not suggested may surprise you. The last time I went I was a bit disappointed that my favorite wine they sell (Duck Pond) is only available by the bottle. The cheeses are good All in all a wonderful dining experience! A dinner club top 3." Ambiance and decor is nice and mellow. We've since been back with friends and it has been enjoyable for both a date night and chatting it up with people. Enjoy!" I can't wait to go back to sample some more wine and cheese!" My friends ordered the egg white omelet and the fritatta Our fave waiter is Jeremiah. He's so dreamy."  but for a place with 2 one-person bathrooms to designate one for the ""men"" and one for the ""women"" is really dumb! It's not like you're in there with anyone else! All that happens is the Women's line gets long while the men shuffle in and out like there's a revolving door on the thing. Not fair!" (Btw:  I don't understand what this means from other reviews: ""it wants to be more hip than it really is""?  Huh?   I think the decor is great - cool  but the scallop appetizer was the highlight of the evening.  We asked management if they ever considered putting it on the menu as a permanent item (it was only a special at the time) and they said they were considering it because of all the positive feedback.  We just made reservations for this coming Monday and can't wait to go back!" The relaxed atmosphere and consistent food and service have made Cheuvront into one of my favorite places in Phoenix  re-filling the water and checking how we liked the food. As a very nice gesture she brought out two samples of cheese before the dinner to try (not sure about the names ...). The space is nice and modern without being cold and stark. I would haven given 5 Stars if service would have been a little bit more engaging. It was the first time for us to eat at Cheuvront but nobody really bothered to find out about likes/dislike. They unfortunately missed an opportunity to actively engage us ... I definitely will be back but first I will try out other Scottsdale / Phoenix eateries. BTW - no ""weird"" James Bond movies but the ambient music could have been a bit more present."  the place certainly deserves another trip.  I can see (if I had a real life  we felt it was a bit odd that everytime our female server (she never divulged her name) came to our table she addressed us as ""Lady and Gentleman."" At least tell me your name before you call me that for an hour! ;)"  a medium red from Santa Monica California. The wine is smooth and the cheeses flavorful and after waiting 20 minutes for it to arrive I guess prune juice and cardboard would have been just as  flavorful. I guess good cheese takes time to cut. The decor was a bit mixed matched with concrete grays and pastel curtains. I felt like I was more in an Austin Powers flick than in a hip wine bar. The wait for service was considerable considering that the place was one third full. The bill came out to more than $50 bucks I know times are tough around here but when you charge those high prices ($6.50 for a pint?!)  the regular fries were nothing special and a little cold but we got two huge portions instead of one so we couldn't complain.   The place has easy parking and our waitress was very friendly.   We will be going back for Phoenix's first cheese and wine tasting event next week." "I love this place!! Have been here several times now for dinner and brunch! Did New Years Eve here with wine pairings  but beware: those long thin strips in the middle of the plate? Butter. Not Cheese. ;)"  I noticed this place is in walking distance of the main Phoenix library. So you can go pick out a good book on a lazy Sunday and then walk over to Cheuvront for some wine and cheese and feel like the perfect elitist So great! I was there for an event last week and we had a blast. The event was handles perfectly! Can't wait to go back! This was adequte at best and that is being generous.  Several of us Went today for Easter brunch - big disappointment.  The restaurant was not that busy - took 20 minutes between courses being served.  Needed to ask for plates for the muffins.  Ordered the filet with eggs - the eggs were burnt and broken.  The server never should have brought that plate to the table.  I expect this from Denny's at 3 am - not a restaurant with these menu prices.  My boyfriend had the tomato bisque soup - was Ragu in a bowl - even same consistency.  Another friend had the bananas foster french toast - even the bananas were bland. I'd say the happy hour items are where it's at overall. The food was great the drinks were good. Really given their menu and atmosphere I was really surprised that it wasn't more busy. It's kind of sad to see many of the Phoenix area restaurants kind of dead at 9pm on a Friday night. I'm guessing if it were located in Scottsdale that would be a different story." I took my gf here before a Suns game. The server was very knowledgeable.  The cheese plate was great but a bit pricey.  Some salad w/ fruit and boiled chicken was tasty according to the princess. Bleu cheese mac n cheese was amazing. Go eat here tonight. "This is a great place to ""wine"" down after a long week.  For what I have seen - they have the best cheese list in town.  The service is always great and the food is consistently good to great.  Also - who can beat a variety of mac and cheeses.  Last night we had the pancetta and onion - this is probably been my favorite.  I would totally recommend this place for a night where you just want to relax!" The decor is cool and they play French movies on a large screen in the back of the restaurant. I also have a special place in my heart for their awesome sweet potato fries! This place is a great option if you want a nice glass of wine and a bite to eat in Central Phoenix but don't want to brave the Postino crowds." Huge points for the server who took Amy in stride when I told him I'd spank his ass for something.  (I don't remember  we got a table right away. I liked the ambiance and was impressed with their cheese and wine selection.  We ordered a cheese platter with Manchego  sadly I must say I have been let down. One of my problems is the sometimes slow service. Also we decided to go here for a friends birthday and they ran out of food. It was not fun feeling like you had the angel of death for a server ready to kill your order. I really would love to give the place four stars "GREAT Happy Hour !! $5/glasses of vino. Menu of samplings for $5 each! Try the flatbread pizza We were running a pretty high drink bill and there was no need for the negative energy. It ruined our experience and vibe of the place.  Over a pizza?  Poor service  conversation and a little nosh after the artwalk...what we got was surprisingly poor customer service that became downright passive aggressive (scratch the passive) after we received a pizza that wasn't to our liking. The waiter was so upset that we didn't want mozzarella cheese on our $10 goat cheese pizza that he brought out the cook to confirm. His manager then came by our table to tell us that we  if for no other reason that it proably gives the kitchen staff something to live for." I had a party of 17-18 people here. We all paid separate and they accommodate all of us!"  and just make sure I used the facilities elsewhere!" Everything here was delicious and I enjoyed the atmosphere. Service was incredible as well... I just feel its overpriced for what you receive I will never go back."  I would not recommend the happy hour food options This one is tough.  I love their wine and cheese but the food is terrible.  I highly recommend going but only for the aforementioned wine and cheese.  always super friendly and accommodating. These guys know their stuff! I have never had a bad experience and would recommend it to anybody (already have!) The events they have are also really great  its annyoning having your eyes readjust constantly.  Add some flavor to the food and train servers to check on customers a little bit more frequent. Presention of the food was good My friends and I went to Cheuvront's for AZ Restaurant Week and every single one of us was disappointed. The service was terrible; it took 20 minutes for our fourth (who arrived a few minutes late) just to get her water. He disappeared for 15 minute stretches and only asked if needed anything when we were done with our courses. The food was overpriced for the portions--and this is coming from a graduated culinary student who has had it drilled into her that smaller is better--and the flavors were bland. One person's bisque came to the table cold and my creme brulee tasted as if they'd forgotten the sugar. Not to mention that it was so loud we couldn't hear each other. All around disappointing.  and the one she said was similar was rather icky. (Nothing like the wine we wanted that we've had before). We weren't able to order for atleast another 30minutes and weren't served our first course for 30 minutes after that. We didn't start to eat until we had been there for an hour at minimum. In addition The overall impression of the decor feels like perhaps they try a little hard to b xtra trendy or cute...  Idk..." I am still a fan of Cheuvront.  I want to go back for some happy hour and try some of the other food selections.  Maybe I was just expecting too much from Restaurant Week; it happens.  Either way  this probably isn't it. I love it here - does that make me a snob? Perhaps. Oh well. The food is delicious. My first meal was the simple chicken which is usually a shoe-in for boring and it was not. Juicy I was embarrassed to have suggested to a colleague that we eat at Cheuvront today.  I don't know what happened to this restaurant "Overpriced. Overrated. Just not worth the money. The mac and cheese with the different toppings is actually very delicious. We also got duck which was extremely bland and did not have the crispy skin. The risotto it was served with was terrible. It was either whole grain or a dark grain rice. It was hard and just not appealing.  The filet mignon was cooked well but not seasoned at all.  Dishes definitely not worth $20 a plate.  I'd only come back for the wine There were a few things on the menu i'd be interested in trying for entrees (the small plates/apps were meh)  the haughty attitude. The overpricing is just a final slap in the face as you walk out the door. There's just too many other options now to continue to be underwhelmed. I won't be back."  cozy dinner with your closest friends in an urbanesque setting."  we also ordered the Roasted Goat Cheese and Chicken Pockets and these were phenomenal.  I ordered the chicken dish (yes there is only 1) and my wife ordered the Caramelized Red Onion Mac (yes there are 5 mac & cheese options).  Richard ordered the Duck and I was too drunk from the 3-4 rum and cokes I had to remember what his better half ordered.  All the food was fantastic and the drinks were pretty strong.  We finished with a warm cookie and ice cream and the pumpkin bread which was really good.  I can't remember going home but I am sure that was fun too!"  accompanied by sauteed mushrooms and asparagus with a phenomenal pea sauce.  The pea sauce was phenomenal "One of the best Nicoise salads I've ever had (and I am picky about my Nicoise!).  My boyfriend had a pizza (which I slyly sampled) - delicioso.  Server was very accommodating and friendly.  Could only wish for a bit more from the wine list given the ""wine bar"".  But It was a lovely lunch.  I'll definitely go back."  especially as a quiet way to wind down a rowdy First Friday night!" "A relaxed-yet-sophisticated place where the combination of a good wine selection "One of the only places in town to serve this delicious dessert wine called Lilly-Pulli  (raspberries floating in champagne yummo)  Great place for a quick business lunch or a fancier girls night out.  Excellent cheese selection and flatbread pizzas.  I like to sit outside or at least facing the window to see the Light Rail zoom past.  It almost makes Phoenix feel like a big  and sometimes a little pompous. After three or four bad experiences in a row I just don't go there anymore. They do have great cheese plates and a fantastic happy hour...just don't catch them when they have a special event going on." "Pricey but so worth it.  Asked our waiter for cheese suggestions and they always hit a homerun. The wines are always good Overall I was pleased and I will have to go back to try again as I hear their happy hour is great." "My wife and I ate here prior to an event downtown. Metro light rail is conveniently right outside and an easy trip down to US Airways Center. We had a truffle tremor goat cheese plate with the Brancott Pinot Noir for an appetizer along with the poached pear appetizer. This was fantastic! Highly recommended. I think we'll be buying some if we can't find them for home use. I had the fillet mignon with the suggested cab sav and she had the Parmesan encrusted chicken with the suggested Pinot Gris. Both entrees were delicious. $87 before tip for 2 apps muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw "Not normally my type of place as I am much more of a beer person than a wine person.  Very limited and not so good selection of beers available.  It kills me when you see someplace with good food and good wine ignore something that goes better with their food but ignore it because it isn't upscale rnough for them.  The waitstaff was nice They seem to be trying too hard to be something they are not. Too many restaurants within a 10 mile radius that execute a lot higher for the same price. Will not be back."  if you are in cenpho and looking for a good glass of wine it is definitely worth stopping by."  wine and drinks and you can't beat their happy hour deals.  The wait staff provide good service and are friendly.  The perfect place to unwind after work "Totally recommend this place.  The wine selection was the only thing that could have been better.  The waiter was attentive  ""I won't smell it because I don't like to tell customers that they are wrong."" I was so shocked by his response that I did not order another drink.  The server took the glass of wine back behind the bar  though they are doing a really nice Easter brunch. Look for my next review of another place that does breakfast without the crowd  like I was mugged.  I understand the owner has to make a buck  good. i was expecting more i guess. cool decorating and design. i hear the mac-n-cheese (something like 5 different kinds) is really good My 3rd course was supposed to be mousse-stuffed strawberries but instead it was mousse with strawberries sprinkled on top. The pumpkin bread pudding my man ordered was better. The artisan cheese plate my friend ordered was SUCH a dissapointment. ONE piece of cheese to try? C'mon people. We overpaid." BOTTOM LINE: I'll take convenience over value"  and a tad on the expensive side. The eats are tasty We attended our first wine tasting on 5/7.  Very friendly atmosphere and we learned quite a bit about Chilean wines.  Tapas were served as well.  We totally enjoyed our experience! muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw The best part was that our server was able to recommend wines for each of us that we had never tried before but really enjoyed. I love trying new wines so that was a lot of fun. A small plus is that it prints the name of the wine on the receipt so I can actually remember the name to hopefully purchase a bottle another time. Even though I don't come to this midtown area often  and enjoyed the quiet atmosphere.  Thinking I need to take my dog for patio dining next time." "Been going here for a few years and always loved it.  Yelp typically doesn't let you down.  Instead of going to many of the crappy joints downtown before concerts and sporting events we go here.  Even on the way out to Cricket for a concert.  Nice wines  the food that we ordered couldn't get any better and the wine was superb.  I tried two different wines and enjoyed them both - our server (Chris  having heard great things. Unfortunately didn't get to sample the wine menu. But the lunch offerings were good - turkey sandwich was very flavorful with its crumbled goat cheese  and some appetizers.  My biggest complaint is that the food isn't that great.  It is 3 star food with 5 star prices.  The portions are small (like a tapas bar)  will take care of you and will address any issues. The portions for some items are a bit small and the price can be a bit higher depending on the entree. I would highly recommend this restaurant and it is one of my favorite local places in Phoenix. AZ Restaurant week would be a good time to try this place as you can get a multiple course meal for a good price. Also they do offer wine dinners once or twice a month as well as twice a month wine tastings on Saturday afternoons." Won't wait for a wine tasting to make our return...." "I work in central Phoenix and have heard good things about the restaurant. Finally got there for lunch with a friend and we both found the menu to have many items that we would love to try. I decided to have the tuna steak sandwich. It was served open faced and seared which is perfect.  Was seasoned deliciously and accompanied by a fresh side salad.  We had a friendly server  but also learned how they are made. It was honestly a fun experience and I would enjoy doing this again. it is pretty pricey but its all for the experience and the fun of it all." This is a great date spot. This is the place to go for a new wine suggestion. I'll be back soon." "Thank you Cheuvront for challenging me. I have grown weary of all the so called wine bars around that boast more college students and second rate wines than actual good ones. I've been meaning to try this place for awhile. It feels super fancy but you can show up casual. When I walked in I felt overwhelmed ( in a good way ) about the great selection of cheeses and wines. You can also get champagne by the glass! Real champagne from France. I felt silly trying to pronounce all the names of the different cheeses and such. Good for them. It's about time my know it all butt was put in her place. I ordered a glass of sparkling white wine called Gruet Brut from New Mexico. Light I'd definitely recommend this place for a date or a girl's night. It definitely has a romantic  too. Check out their website where they have a calendar with their tasting events." My only complaint is that in the two days I got to visit this place back to back they ran out of things. It doesnt appear that they know how to stock or to have enough food on hand for the day."  you'd expect a lot more...  I'm sticking to Postino." Interesting events - yeppers" I found out about these dinners through FaceBook because I am ""friends"" with the host.  What was great though is when we walked in for the dinner he recognized me     and remembered my name Definitely a romantic place if you want an intimate dinner or are a big fan of wine (which I'm not)." Wanted to go try this place out for Restaurant Week. Stopped in and when we were greeted at the front we were told the earliest we could get in was at 9pm. There were many empty tables and there wasn't even a waiting list for people without reservations. The situation at the door just wasn't handled very well. Can't comment on the food but we'll eat at one of the other hundred restaurants in the metro area. We know we can get some food there. "I can't really think of a metaphor that will really describe this place. My heart is really overwhelmed by the great service that I just had. This restaurant has a lot to offer muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw "Wild red flight with cheese!  Try it. Helpful staff I just enjoyed a fabulous wine tasting here.  My friend and I actually heard about it on yelp. They had a great selection of wines and the salmon pt was delicious. Todd was our server and provided excellent service. Their entire staff was actually quite friendly as well as attentive. I will be visiting here the next time I am in the area nrxt month. A nice way to spend an afternoon in Phoenix. Thanks to Todd B. and Jeff. Snippy waitress. Ran out of bruschetta and caprece salad. Caesar salad was warm shredded lettuce (apparently including iceberg) and tomatoes with some sort of non garlic dressing that was barely able to be tasted. That is not a Caesar salad.  Flatbread came without being cut into manageable slices and crumbled all over the place. Was told the bruschetta would have been made on facacio ??? bread  if they had any. That is not bruschetta.  My companions ordered shared salad and flatbread which arrived without sharing plates.  The kitchen was slow and the wait staff insufferable. The chef is obviously very high on himself.  I was embarrassed to have taken my visiting relative there. We enjoyed our evening anyway.  The service could just use a little work." My friend and I chose to check it out on a mellow weekday afternoon and we did not even eat/drink here because of the initial impression we received. We walked into the front entry and saw there was only one couple at a table and it was slow due to the time of day. We looked around and eventually expected to see anyone who worked there as we awkwardly waited near the hostess stand for several minutes. Finally Glad to see another local downtown restaurant." Had a bottle of wine with my wife before the theatre. The atmosphere was great and the staff was friendly. Didn't have any food though.  and at $5 a plate. Rarely do you leave happy hour full and with money still in your pocket. Excellent service "This place was decent. The happy hour was a good deal for food but the drinks were weak. The prickly pear margarita was very small. The location is close to the Phx Art Museum which is convenient Food was good and full of exciting flavors. Would put 3 $$$ for price. Definitely a must try. Service is great and attentive "Another fun wine tasting in the books! The fella that hosted the Arizona Strongold wine tasting was awesome and we want to thank Todd for selecting some fantastic cheeses for us. The tapas plate was pork belly and blue cheese stuffed dates....incredible!  If you haven't tried a wine tasting here yet  but I've had better. I wouldn't write the place off entirely- I haven't even tried their entrees  you'll probably feel a different vibe than me."   but still casual. It's very quiet and relaxed. Service was great and the staff was friendly & informative."  I was disappointed.  It seemed like it should be a nice place and maybe we just had a bad roll of the dice that night...but I never got to see what they have on the regular menu.  I might try it again to try a cheese plate but I dont think its going into my restaurant rotation."  if you are on the light rail after work  you have not been to very many wine bars. This place does not even come close to most extensive of anything in AZ!!!"  but it's really a very lovely place and I'd really like to see this neighborhood staple thrive!" Fave date spot.  Food is always great.  Love the wine and cheese selection. Cheuvront's is a nice little spot in Downtown Phoenix and a perfect place for a date night. The wine and cheese was fantastic. I was also very impressed by the attentiveness of the wait staff. I'll definitely be going back!  after all) so I let one of the owners surprise me with his favorite red wine and a cheese plate. The shiraz he picked was delish to say it was a disappointment is an understatement.  We have been there several times & live only a few miles away. With that said - the Port tasting was a DISASTER! GO NOT GO THERE FOR TASTINGS!! Unlike most tastings they mark up the bottles by 100% in order to make $$ & sell their very mediocre food.  The pours were so uneven they ran out of Port for several people!! We had all paid $20 & the pours were uneven - BS!!!!!  I was livid & then they served us a tomato/basil/.crap flatbread ""complimentary"" - WTH?? with Port?? Obviously these people know NOTHING about wine pairings.  My husband & I were very disappointed in the service  Italian Wine tastings and everything in between and always have a great time! This past weekend was the port tasting and what a great event. I learned a TON about port that I didn't know and got to try several ports that I'd never had. The tastings are typically $15 and include a small plate (or in this case  our waitress Laura was very knowledgeable and professional."  we had to ask another employee to get him so we could order.  Thomas we not very friendly at all and acted like he did not even want to be there.  I still tipped him 20%  but this meal was heaven in my mouth. For dessert we shared a piece of hazelnut torte and champagne. Perfect date night and worth the extra workout. The staff is wonderful and the ambience is romantic. The only two things would change is a later closing ...& not to serve dinner while the cheese course is being savoured. But because the meal and experience of Thursday night date night was so amazing ... Still earns a 5 ...& my date My only gripe is the ambience. For the money I want it to feel classier."  but don't take my word for it because I'm not a big alcohol drinker. I do like the atmosphere of the place and the fact that they use open table for you to make reservations muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw  this is a link to their Web site http://bit.ly/cLvlvG" I don't like how the line is laid-out. The path from ordering and paying to picking up your food and drink is convoluted and annoying. They could improve their flow and ergonomics and make take away some of the anxiety I feel before going there--and thus I might go there more frequently." "Nice menu. Nice clean ambiance. The food is just okay. My recent experience was the chicken enchilada lunch special which was served tepid. It should be hot. The chicken was canned and it reminded me of tuna. The whole thing didn't sit well with me. I'll go back in a pinch Cranberry Hills - will you marry me!?" "Cranberry Hills is nice because they deliver. However nice place near the house  and the news that was on the TV with one horrific story after the other -- not something you want on over lunch. Had to go to another place afterwards since I was still hungry. Won't be coming back here unfortunately. :(" We WILL be back and I'm going to suggest this place to cater our next meeting to our admin folks.  It was amazing!!!" The food is good. Employees are great. "I discovered this place about 4 yrs ago. The food is always fresh and top quality.  It is always delivered fast and efficient.  my order is prepared exactly how I request it.  I have ordered the salads I would definitely order from here again!" The owners are there every day  but the Gyro meet wasn't a gyro.. It looked like a hamburger meat.. Not touching this.. They're getting 2 stars only for customer service."  was a totally different story.  I placed an order for a Water Chestnut Tuna sandwich and received a Veggie sandwich.  I called to have them fix it and redeliver and spoke to Monica.  Monica reviewed my order for a Water Chestnut Tuna sandwich and said it would be delivered.  The second sandwich was another Veggie.  I called again and spoke to Monica again.  This time she snapped at me and told me that I ordered a Veggie sandwich.  I asked how they could even be confused since they sound nothing alike?  After telling me that I couldn't talk to her that way I highly recommend it!"  but the lady on the phone told me it would only be 15 mins. Fast forward 50 minutes later they FINALLY arrive. 2 stars because the food is decent. Delivery service is ridiculous." The grllled cheese is never grilled to crispy.  It's two pieces of mushy bread with the false hope of it being crispy by the faint grill marks and semi- melted cheese in between.  The fries are usually lukewarm. "Awesome customer service and delicious food! I work in the same building and I all I can say is everyone is the office goes VERY often! Food quality is so good I like going to a place where the owners get to know you and they do exactly that! They appreciate their customers and I appreciate them!" I love this place. I work nearby and have eaten here many times over the past 10 years. The food is always fresh and the staff and owners are friendly and know many of their customers by name.  and everything thus far has been fabulous.  I have a pet peeve when it comes to the bacon I get for breakfast and these guys cook it fresh!  Their soups  they didn't have the side I wanted so they actually called me and asked me if I would prefer a different side instead of just throwing something else in there without consulting me like so many other restaurants involved with Grub Hub have done to me in the past. Even if I had ordered something I didn't like I would try this place again because they actually care about you. On to what I got; The BBQ bacon burger was pretty good "BEST CLUB SANDWICH I'VE EVER HAD! I ordered the Sandwich for delivery  and he's a very nice and friendly guy. You can tell when someone is being nice just because you're a customer  and they are always extremely accomodating! Yesterday I had a meeting that added a few people at the last moment (an hour before the meeting started)- so I was able to call in an get more added to our order quickly- and then we had a change after our meeting started so I emailed them with the change and they responded immediately. Very helpful!" "I ordered using Eat24. Food took over an hour. I asked for a call OR text when the food was delivered in the notes section of my order. I received neither. My order was also incorrect as I asked not to have ice in my drink. The owner/manager suggested I call instead of using Eat24. No  and turkey and swiss on a croissant.  Yum!"  it took an hour. The food was cold. I had soggy French Toast. They had a container that was yellow like butter but looked like oil. The chai tea was lukewarm but tasted okay. The hash browns were shredded potatoes "We've been ordering from them for years. They also recognize my voice when I call and are always polite. I must say that they have some of the best food in town. The main cook "Came to this cool little place tucked into a medical plaza right on 7 street and the I-10. A friend of mine recommended it do I had to stop by. They have a pretty large menu for breakfast and lunch and they deliver as well but I just stopped in and had a ""steak and everything"" which is a Philly sandwich and man was it great. The bun was soft and fresh and the meat was flavorful. The menu was so large and there was so much I wanted to try Bottom line: Menu is expansive. Burger and fries were average. Delivery is fairly priced and quick." "I just revisited Bitter Creek after many years away.  It was a favorite of my parents for as long as I can remember.  I remember them raving about the Philly cheese steak on numerous occasions and was fortunate to enjoy it often as a child.  I just went back and was happy to see all of my childhood memories still intact on the menu AND MORE!  I took several co workers with me and all of them raved about the food on the way back to the office.  Im excited to see that the great restaurant where I could once only order a great cheese steak has a huge variety of must try entrees.  The staff was great Super clean restaurant with great healthy options.  2 cookies and a drink.  The order was ready when I arrived and the owner was pleasant and sincere.  I will definitely order from them again soon.  Maybe even today?  It's after lunch and I haven't eaten yet...." Was there 11/27 with a groupon. Ordered the Philly Cheese Steak. It was unremarkable. The meat was salty and tasteless. The cheese ended up adhered to the paper wrap. A good cook knowing his business would be aware of this issue. The bread was average. If it was not for the groupon they would have gotten the sandwhch back. I took most of it home and fed it to my dogs. In the world of food its real hard to screw things up when others do it right. For this reason I give it two thumbs down and a no to return dining. I would recomend this place." It's kind of hidden in an office complex.  Had it for lunch.  Chicken Caesar Salad.  It was good.  Chicken was fresh and cooked to perfection.  Husband had the Italian Sandwich and liked it except that the pepperocini was sliced up and put into the sandwich.  He prefers it on the side.  I would eat here again.  and the food is terrible. My three year old can make a better sandwich. Will never order again." Stopped in before a doctors visit and was very pleased. Victor is the new owner and he seems to be doing a wonderful job. I had a ham and green chile burrito that was delicious and was very affordable. Thanks for the wonderful food. Great food and great service! I had the Philly cheesesteak and it was really good. The owner offer up a side of chipotle Mayo that added a great kick! I'll be back for sure. Pretty Good.  Nice little dive along Camelback.  The Pale ale was desent... i tried the other beers and some were better than others.  As far as the food i tried the southwest soup that was Excellent and a chicken salad that was fresh.  Also there was a very eclectic crowd when i went there.  I had to order another bowl to take home (it was great right outta the refrig!" Fresh and locally brewed beer and bar food. Not expensive. It is a pretty good local place to hang out! Happy hour prices are good too.  but I'll choose it over a culinary adventure almost anyday!"  I'd probably be a regular for beers and Kobe burgers." But what matters is the beer and the porter and cream ale are both splendid if a bit  too sharp initially.  The server are pleasant and the place has a small  and you'll have fun conversations. They staff actually know their beers and have strong opinions. And they're just as friendly as the drinkers. And you can actually talk to them without shouting over music that's way too loud (hear that  but my boyfriend loves micro brews and the food here is always fresh and very good.  I like trying their daily specials which I have never been disappointed with or I get the fish and chips or the Shepperd's pie.  For an appetizer try the green chile artichoke dip it is to die for:)  The service is also always very good."  the Kobe beef burger is awesome. I did order the steak and shrimp here once and it was very good as well. This is one of my favorite places to do day drinking when I get the chance. The outdoor patio in the middle should be very nice to sit at and enjoy one of their finely crafted brews in the next couple of months. The mural on the back is awesome too."  that's just what I wanted to top off what had become a very bland and unenthusiastic experience." Nice looking place ... food wasn't bad ... just something I didn't like ... not sure what ... sorry for the horrible review.  and with my brother after ASU (he's an alum) lost to Oregon are the first that come to mind. The classic rock and the atmosphere and the beer (don't forget the beer) seem to breath new life into me during such trying circumstances. I guess just by being a pillar of originality in the desert."  at least the steak fries and beer are good. My advice? Go a block east to Rosie McCaffrey's and actually have a good time worth remembering."  was surprisingly quiet given its proximity to the road.  It was just the right noise level for either eaves dropping or reading.  The food all smelled really pretty good as far as bar food goes and the nacho plate we milked for an hour and a half was made with real cheese.  The beers were also pretty decent and  I can make out faint notes of Janis Joplin or the Doors. I'm told that the patio speakers are as loud as they can get. Too bad."  which had to have been the best burger I have ever had.  Others in my party that night got the onion rings  some good and some not so good. I like hoppy beers but their  IPA was waaaay too hoppy for my tastes.   I didn't eat anything this time but the menu offerings looked fine.  I would like to try the Kobe burger Sonora is a place we will likely come back to. It has a good vibe." Sunday and Monday's are $3.00 pint nights with the purchase of the logo glass so I intend to put it to good use. Great way to kick-off the week!" I love this spot for happy hour. The beer prices are great as well as select apps. I am very fond of just about any stout or porter that sonora brews as far as the others I can't say. I have friends that like some of the other selections they have. A decent micro is hard to find in the southwest but this guy has been at it for a while and does a good job. The food has always been good. They have your typical bar menu as well as some better food choices. The patio is great as well. I have also found the service to be no worse than good!  Phoenix and the state of AZ as whole still haven't made a huge splash with microbrews.  Four Peaks certainly gives us a spot on the map and hopefully Sonora Brewhouse will garner some attention too 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag "Main reason to go to Sonora - the Kobe burger!  By far the best burger in town.  I usually go for lunch since its close to my office and have never been disappointed by the food.  Great service P.S. BEST ONION RINGS IN TOWN!"  enough said: I've been going here often (perhaps too often) for years for a good reason." "Atmosphere is wonderful. Outside patio dining with powerful misters. 70's / 80's music pumped in for effect. Staff is very friendly  awesome!  Who doesn't enjoy a good brewery really?  It is rather small so if you are looking to go somewhere quiet and intimate this isn't the place.  If you want good beer and good bar food with good friends and friendly staff then you are good to go.  I am a fan of their Hefeweizen and they have the best onion rings in town!  I hear they are known for their Kobe beef burgers and homemade root beer.  I can attest to the root beer  we were there for the hand crafted bier!  Will definitely return whenever in Phoenix." There were a lot of other options on the menu that sounded like they might be on the ""delicious"" side. If you are like us  it didn't get better.  The food was meh...service was not so great (there were moments of ""is she ever coming back???"").  I'd say  local restaurants but this place is all wrong. Plus the staff doesn't seem to care much for their jobs so they must not care much for good tips!"  and desert is their bread pudding (takes 2 to eat it).  I compliment my meal with what ever is in the cask for the evening and finish with their IPA (it's a good balanced IPA for IPA fans).  For more of a desert finish  I was also enticed by the fact that they were offering a Happy Hour from 3-6 even on a Sunday (it seemed that most places here in AZ don't offer Happy Hour Specials on Sunday).  I was slightly disappointed when I found out that it wasn't a real happy hour I will be going back again and again for their great beer."  the place is alright. I hope there are better offerings in the area. But if not If you like IPAs...this is the place to go.  The cask IPA is a mouthful of heaven."  and compliments the other establishments popping up around Central and Camelback very nicely. Unfortunately  so I'd rather round up to four. This place isn't a three-star joint Good stuff.  Haven't had too much of the food.  Onion rings are delicious.  All beers delicious.  Good joint to grab a growler for the drive home...I mean for when you get home.  but when it takes 25 min to order it in the first place and another 20 to get it I don't care how good it is. At that point I'm never coming back. Add to that the loudmouthed waitress bantering with one of the cooks about the ""dirty Mexican girls"" he's brought in there (its a small place and she yelled it from across the room) its safe to say I'll never step foot in there again. The service and the staff were inexcusable on to the food. i tasted my sisters fish and chips and the homemade chips were soggy from the fish. the halibut was delicious although sister had to pull off all the breading  but the rest of their beers had no body at all.  I was very disappopinted.  Atmosphere was very lame for a Thursday night."  great food and great beer. The cask conditioned beer is wonderful as are the fish and chips." "Hum...me likes cold beer...the beer here is NOT cold!! Food is ok  but you need to go back to the drawing board and create some good  but bring plenty of friends -- the place can be empty on a Saturday afternoon. It's also a worthy addition to your light-rail pub crawl anyways..they added Sweet Potato fries to the menu and they were pretty good. they crinkle cut them..i think it adds more to the experience."  but should. The beer is excellent and the service was top notch. Really I would give this place a 4 1/2. Boyfriend and I both had burgers It's an alright place if you're not going for the beer." (disclaimer in no way am I saying that because she was blond it made her bad - it is the only way for me to identify the waitress It shouldn't be this hard to find a place that wants to sell me something  I would like to come back for a few beers and food.  I would also like to do the brewery tour."  the waitress took an exceptionally long time to return our cards and receipts to us.  My companion saw she was just standing around in the back not doing anything.  The place was pretty empty  the cask conditioned and strong ales change regularly. Recently they had 4 different kinds of IPA. Central Phoenix highlight - must visit. Order off of the chalk board - seasonal ales are the highlight here."  but also remembered what kind of dressing I liked on the side to dip my fries in!  THAT'S personalized service!  Five stars I still wish I could find 3 Floyd's on tap out here. Maybe even Crooked Tree IPA- those are still my favorites  and hopefully you can get a taste of the Risky Red while it lasts."  brewery vibe. I wish they'd do a little something more with the patio but overall no complaints. My husband is super picky about beers and really likes SunUp so I guess they're good. It's perfect for a bars-on-bikes stop when you're looking for something casual and good old fashioned fat kid bar food."  I'll go back for the awesome beer and maybe just a simple cheeseburger."  but I feel that that's understandable. There is always a great special beer on tap that I become a fan of and then am saddened when the keg is emptied. And....I finally found great food here! It took me a while I would probably go back one more time and give them another whirl." "I had there light rail creme ale BBQ chicken wings and to beer& what else to wash it down accept the light rail creme ale brew. That is def my fave light beer. The wings were flavorful  Justin ordered the IPA? i think and I got their Vanilla stout. They were all delicious. My stout was especially good as the vanilla taste was merely a mild hint which gave it a great background flavor and left a lingering sweetness that was refreshing rather than sickeningly fruity/sweet. It was a classic stout whose femme-y name belies it's body and drinkability; certainly not a lady drink imo. My compatriots order the light rail cream ale wings and i order the ""beer bread"" w/ queso dip. The appetizers were  but I'm not expecting much. I love the cozy patio and great beer. Support local breweries and come here. As long as you stick to the beer  sadly disappointed. No one helped us when we walked in (they weren't busy) and our server kept forgetting about us to chat with dudes at the bar. When she messed up on our food she wasn't very graceful about it... and we still had to pay full price. It also took almost two hours  I love coming to SunUp. Always a good experience." They do have a kids menu but it is not published. The beer is good. There are football games on the TV. The burgers are huge. The pulled pork sandwich is good. Also  buy a growler and get it filled with your favorite beer." Order off the chalf-board for seasonals and freshest beers.  Best craft-ale in Phoenix & gives Four Peaks a run for best in Valley. Awesome patio & tap room in the back.  Very good food and well priced. Not much to complain about the beer I also like the ambiance of the place. Cool setup in the brewers' den and the funky patio in between the brewers den and the main bar area. For giggles don't forget to check out the murals on the patio wall and also on the back wall of the parking area." Tucked away at Camelback & 3rd is the Sun Up Brewing Company. Armed with a need for some food & adult beverage we made our way inside this cozy pub packed with people. With all the great dishes on the menu it was very hard to choose. But when we finally did the food was great (not your regular pub fare) and all the beers were wonderful...especially the Vanilla Porter. I will definitely be back for another round of food and drinks!  hit up Papago or Four Peaks instead and save your money (and beer belly) for something tastier!" I guess because our group was more than 10 people so there was one order that was taking forever to arrive 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag A nice brewhouse in central Phoenix if you aren't in the mood for driving out to one of the Four Peaks." Great Burgers. Great staff.... Great ambiance.... Great beer "SunUp Brewing Co has the PERFECT french fries.  They are the perfect blend of crispy and soft batter fried yummy goodness.  For this alone they deserve 4 stars.  In addition to the fries  this is one of the best breweries in AZ The service was great and there's plenty of space 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag  the Green Chile Pork is amazing and my Mom refuses to order anything other than Beer Battered Fish & Chips." "Like it but kinda miss the old Sonoran Brew Pub that used to be here.  Solid pub food.  It is a good pick when Rosie's is just too crowded and you want a place that is a (little) quieter.  The back patio is great when you have a mess of drunken friends that want to get together and don't want or can't censor their conersations.  The staff is nice  if you are avoiding SunUp because you remember that there used to be something called  the Sonora Brewhouse in that same space.... You're in luck!! The brewmaster "If you like craft beer this is your place.  Quench the heat here  I have only had the nachos and they were average/tasty.  The waitresses are always friendly and helpful.  The restaurant is comfortable and they also have a nice out door patio.  The beer sampler is a good way to start your beer quest!" The SunUp Brewing Co.. I have wanted to come here for a bit really friendly staff. But I come to a brewery for good beer and did not find it here.The Sampler was ok I ended up enjoying one beer there called the cherry bomb it's a 9.6% bomb of goodness I could see it not being a session beer way too easy to drink.  but not outstanding. The hummus was the best I've ever had. And I'm not a huge hummus lover.. just able to tolerate it. However  it was ok but not really great. It is the type of beer that never seems to have quite enough of something..... just a little off of good. Better than some others I have had though."  I ordered wine.  But the food here was so surpirsingly good that I am still writing a review.  I ordered the crispy shrimp tacos  especially the bison burger! The prices are slightly steeper than most other breweries I've dined at in the area "Barleywine!  Finally!  We've missed you....one growler  and reuben sandwhiches.  It all looked amazing.  Now i'm going to be in a food coma for the rest of the afternoon but it's ok i'm a happy camper!  :)" "Still loving the food!  The crispy shrimp taco's are my fav.  The shrimp are huge For the beer... I'll be back." I have been going to this establishment for years and I still love it. The food is fair bar type food. Although they have changed ownership and brew masters they still make good beer. I have to say though the former brew master had a wider array of beer and was a better brew master. The new brew master is really good at IPA's which is good for him since they are what is in demand at this time. I so miss your pot belly porter and your midnight porter. The atmosphere is relaxed and it's a bit brighter inside than I expected."  beer is well done...service just needs to be more friendly...one guy had a dirty mouth on him  it was a great first experience!"  I love the buffalo burger. Mostly though I go for the beer. There is a ton of seating inside and out and the service is usually prompt and efficient." "Cool place! The beer we tried was good my fav was the hefeweizen. The green chili pork with tortillas was really good and I have been back many times for it. The food prices are good and the burgers are good  try Sun Up - you won't be disappointed."  too.  My roasted turkey sandwich was very tasty and he enjoyed the IPA pulled pork.  My wife had the green chile burger last week and she said it was nice and satisfying.  Great place to stop for a beer and some food in central Phoenix.  The place is smaller and has a cozy feel." I came here for a first date with some one and just missed happy hour.But i did like this place and enjoyed their beer!!I wish i could have tasted  the vanilla porter but the were out.Will return soon!!  great music! Brought our 1 1/2 year old for dinner. Loud enough so it downs him out but not too loud. Thoroughly enjoyed ourselves  but Four Peaks steals my heart!" 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag  several good interpretations of standard beer types.  The food (steak wrap) was very tasty as well.  The only problem is that the the waitress decided to take her sweet time waiting on us in the patio area which left for a very hungry Vanilla porter and root beer pretty tasty. Rest of the beers below par.  For the price food wasn't that great either. Wouldn't come back here again "I went there today for lunch if not thinking about being saint patrick's day.  The place was fairly busy but Mollie made room for us for us to bar.  The patrons were friendly it was a nice atmosphere.  My friend had pulled pork sandwich which he always likes and I had the fish and chips.  At $14.00 the fish is a little expensive but was served with a nice size piece of fish and the good serving of fries.  The breading on the fish is a little thick but has a nice taste and I would happily have it again.  It was a good lunch I would come here again to sample more of the beer and for dessert or a Happy Hour-priced appetizer but not for lunch or dinner again."  relaxed and welcoming. I really liked the set up of this place. It was comforting and cozy. We ordered the sampler and were content. The Stout really stood out. I wish they bottled. Well next time in AZ for Spring Training." 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag  the salad tasted exactly like the prepackaged southwestern salad you can get at the supermarket.  I'm not all together sure that they didn't just give me the salad straight from the bag." "Cool Brewery!  Cruising down the street a little brewery popped out of nowhere.  It was a hot afternoon and a nice cold local brewed beer sounded like it would hit the spot.  Stopped in and right away I felt at home.  The waitress had a huge smile and greeted us and let us know we could sit anywhere we wanted  but probably not surprisingly it was incredibly salty. I'm not sure it's possible for a sandwich of smoked salmon and sauerkraut not to be salty but I was only able to eat half  if you are with a group they don't seem to like splitting checks so having cash is best."  very good. Husband had the shrimp slider which were very good. Service is very chill Would definitely suggest the Camelback Club I'm looking forward to going back to try something else from the beer selection."  finely crafted beer! Good food and friendly staff." Good pub food and tasty beer. Try the garlic Parmesan fries! "Very happy that there is a local brewery in walking distance of my new house. Can't believe more people don't go to this place. The atmosphere and beer are amazing "2nd favorite brewpub in AZ after Oak Creek in Sedona. Very solid  the wraps are tasty and the Buffalo Burger is one of my favorites. Oh.. not to forget that the Green Chili Pork is awesome as well. If you have never been.. go now. I mean..just get in your car..or on your Vespa..or hop the light rail..or ride the bus..I don't care..just get there. If you like craft beer and good food. GO!" "Cute little brewing company with yummy food and good beers. Not your typical brewery We stumbled upon SunUp after visiting the Herd w/ friends from Philly.  They know and love good food and beers like we do  we will probably go back some time." Came here on saturday before a diamond backs game.  My friend and I sat outside and ordered the beer sampler...we essentially tried every beer on tap.  I was very impressed with the cherry wheat beer as it had a really good balance.  I would definitely come back...easy to get to from downtown using the light rail...The only negative was that they seemed slightly under staffed and service at times was slow.  January and Jamie are the best!  Any beer on Casket is the best!  Great place to meet the locals too!"  each only did a section of the table but service was very bad. From our three drinks ordered Average beer... Great food.  and plenty of choices. Their brewer is out of town but we still enjoyed all the great beer they had to offer. The food was good pub fare and the root beer was some of the best I've ever tasted. Inside is cozy I would personally never come back here for food.  Maybe just some beers."  but you could also tell they keep their lines and tap really clean. All I tasted was beer; it was served in a slightly chilled glass. Thanks I didn't try the food." "Sunup usually has some great ales on CASK! Which are still somewhat hard to find in the valley. Their food selection is very good Keep up the good work SunUp!"  so I found the selection was ample enough to satisfy my beer wanderlust. The atmosphere was my favorite element of SunUp... it seems to be a great gathering place and yet it is intimate enough to serve as a decent place to take a date. Even better if your date digs beer It was a cool evening and we sat on the patio. The only downside was that there was not enough heaters to make it enjoyable.   Overall it was a good place to hang out with some friends."  and secondly because it just seems like a cool place to hang out. The main thing that kept them from another star was the awful smell in the ladies room. My hubby said it was even worse in the mens. Gross. I hope it is not a permanent thing." 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag  I have yet to eat at SunUp.  I just really like that this is a nice place to kick back and have a cold one.  The services is consistently quick and friendly Only thing that would make this place better is cushy patio chairs and bikinis."  but nothing I would go out of my way for."  because I haven't had the balls to order it. I found another gem on the menu called the parmesan fries. Holy lord! Very good. The wings were also solid. Still no hefe on tap- hopefully they'll bring back that gold goodness soon. Hint hint!" "so glad Yelp led us here on our way home to CA. Shared the Classic Reuben and kettle chips plus bread pudding with whiskey sauce for dessert; very good! I chose Amber Ale to dink then tried pub tastes of Oatmeal Stout and Vanilla Porter.  The Amber was by far the best tasting. I love dark beers "I wanted to drop by and do my part to support our local brewing establishment. I'm glad I did. Always an interesting selection of beers with the occasional cask condition variety. Bottom line  but the root beer float was the best thing I had even if I only got one scoop of ice cream...last time was the last time." Sun Up runs a lot of specials like Chili dog Monday (Chili dog and beer for $6)  but it won't do you much good. They don't seem to update it ever - so its useless to see what they might have on cask  I tried it and didn't like it. No big deal. I was ready to try something else. That was before she completely ignored our table for 20 mins. She seemed like she was more interested in cleaning and talking to some guys at the bar. When she finally brought our bill we paid and didn't leave a tip  but I encourage those who like craft beer to check it out. You may find something you like."  the service was extremely disappointing. I understand that with coupons at restaurants servers don't always get tipped on the price before discount. I used to be a server and restaurant manager and have seen that happen a lot. The server was very robotic and not friendly at all. She set down our drinks and food like we were in her way and troubling her. The appetizers were fair for pub food. The pretzels were pretty tasty actually! We really enjoyed the beer sampler that we each got as well! My favorites were the hefeweizen and vanilla porter. Everyone else that worked there seemed very pleasant and friendly except our server. We most likely wont be going there again due to the service. Hopefully the 40% tip that my boyfriend left will help get that server's attitude turned around towards future diners!" Had an amber ale and a Kobe beef burger.  Both were delicious!  This place has a great atmosphere and the staff were very friendly.  This place will definitely be on my regulars list.  which was definitely good and packed to the brim. The others in my group enjoyed the chicken tenders  the Mac & cheese with green chiles - both delicious! Accompanied by the heifeweisen for a very satisfying lunch."  but it is perfect for lunch in the nicer weather."  calamari and pretzel bites were also good.  The cheese for the pretzels was gross.  The best items were the green chile artichoke dip and the home brewed rootbeer." I'll definitely try this place again in hopes that they rotate their beer selection and include some seasonal offerings."  we showed up needing two things: (1) something to eat; and (2) a cold beer. We found them both at the SunUp Brewing Company. The menu is primarily pub food - burgers  then what is there to do? Very disappointed in their service. Ps I've bartended before and never seen someone grab the ticket and then dunk it on top of the drink they have going out.  I witnessed this time and time again. She would grab and hold the ticket Me and my friends checked this place out because of a Groupon which got us a flight and logo pint glass. The location is kind of obscure being not in the greatest of Camelback areas but the brewery itself is very nice. We had some nice outside seating and ordered only beer and apps. The little food we tried was great and definitely going to go back for dinner soon. The beers I enjoyed the most were the Amber and the Vanilla Porter. They also had a seasonal Stout that was also surprisingly delicious. Great for a nice dinner with craft beer. Cask drawn IPA.....good stuff! The food here was fantastic and so was the service!  and the waitress was very friendly. They do a great burger and chips. The root beer is worth a try 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag Rescinded comment as this place did themselves in on my last visit. Only came in for beer sampler flight. Prompt service from friendly bartender.  Really nice cream ale and vanilla porter.  I hate IPAs and even sort of liked theirs. Nachos were ok. Their chicken strips & onion ring are horrible too much beer breading. They said their mac&cheese with green chili's was great - ugh sorry it was not. Maybe go with a sandwich or burger and have better luck." 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag The service was super friendly. Very good food and beer. Thanks to SunUp Brewing Company Guys just quit the stupid beer games and sell pints.  .."  it has grown so much over the last couple of years. SunUp is right in the middle of it all. With a wonderful selection of beers brewed right on property its really hard to go wrong. If you not sure which one to get you can always try a sampler and pick any 4. The food is really good as well  the seasonal brews were pretty good. They had a cask red ipa with simcoe and cascade hops that I found delicious.  The bar service was good.  The wings were decent Wings were flavorful and plentiful. Lots of good flavor with just the right amount of heat. The turkey burger was decent but could have used a little more flavor." Servers are all really friendly. There's plenty of parking and the patio is nicely shaded. Lots of indoor seating as well if you want to enjoy the AC. I wouldn't mind stopping in again."  I come to find out the owner is crazy for yelpers! So if you don't minda smaller size bar and a not too bad central location Best brewery I've been to in the United States! I like the fact that there was a wide variety of beer. Something for everybody. But it was also some of the best beer  but I enjoyed them all.  My fav was the Lightrail Cream Amber!   A must try in Phoenix!!" "I worked down the block from this joint for years and kept forgetting to stop by the place until I briefly spoke with Uwe at another beer event and was inspired by his jolly nature to get my ass in there and try his beer.  My expectations weren't high for the place overall We have driven past this place several times. We never really drink so breweries are never high on our list to visit.  The inside is very very nice and inviting. the staff very friendly and fairly quick service.  we arrived at an off time between lunch and dinner and saw how quickly the place started to fill up as we finished are dinners.  we had the light rail cream ale and the vanilla porter.  pretty good.  the prices were really good as well. Seems like it would be a great place to hang out with friends.  also very clean.  we will be back again soon Service was great. Loved the BlackBerry Pear Cider. The seasonal double IPA was delicious too. Wait for special guest Black Pat and your time will be amazeballs. The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly." IbMuFKwVk2uCX4fKTsKtfA "I'll start off by saying Sun Up had amazing food and great beer. The problem lies with the horrible service. There were open tables that needed to be cleaned which caused a bottleneck at the door. We sat at a high top in the bar area and were completely neglected by the bar tender/waitress. We watched tables that sat down at least 20 minutes after us get there food first. We flagged down a waitress to get a status on our food and were told our food takes longer to cook (burger and shrimp tacos)  which are brewed in house and they had all the answers and knew what they were talking about. I am a craft brewer too and was testing them with some of my questions and they were spot on with the answers. I will 100% be back there in the future! Awesome beer and food!" I recommend ordering the wings and a seasonal beer. Sit at the bar and chat up January or Emily. I don't think you'll regret it... I almost forgot Mollie is awesome." I'm sure I'll go back to give it another try  and at least I have the proof I need. *** See note above: This situation has been satisfactorily resolved and the dispute cancelled with my bank." Stopped for the first time today. Quaint little brewpub. Very friendly and evident this place has a local following. Great happy hour prices on appetizers. Beer was ok... Average is a good word for it... I would  truly recommend SunUp if for nothing else  the folks there and the customers were so nice . The food and beer is amazing.   Top that off with a killer wait staff and bartender Jeannette!  The husband and I love this place!!! "This place is so good!!! Their seasonal beers are bomb and my favorite dish Is the grilled shrimp taco! Great service I had the pretzels which were tasty. Other food looked really good. Will definitely be going back again." 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag Cheers! And come try if you haven't already I won't be going back.  I""ve worked in the restaurant business before for 4 years.  Never has any restaurant I've eaten at or worked for not went out of their way to make up for an error on their part.  No free beer on the house The food was really good - especially for brewery/bar fare. I went with the chicken ceasar wrap and my coworker went with the green chili dip. Both were great I love this spot. There is an awesome living social deal going on right now too. The seasonal pale ale they have right now is amazing. The wings are so good. I got the honey hot. I'm going back again this week. I am also considering having my next birthday in the adjacent brew house. So much better than my last visit. Service was awesome and so was there food. I'm glad I gave this place another chance I will definitely come back to eat here again. My wife and I really enjoyed our lunch at the anniversary party and had a decent band. I would like to see some more variety with their crafted beers   Had half of my aunts philly steak and it was delicious.  Stuck with the seasonal beer all night and it was really smooth and really good.  overall  friendly service. Love their bread pudding :). Definitely check 'em out! We come down as often as we can ... it's our fav hang out :)"  the pasta was over cooked. The sauce was more like a butter sauce and hardly resembled red pepper anything. The green chili mac led me to the same disappointment  the hummus plate was a meal in itself.   The menu looks to have something for just about everyone.  My burger was cooked to order and very tasty as was the cole slaw.  We didn't have the fries or onion rings  I heard they have a new manager so I went back to try out. Service is great now." Atmosphere: Good.  I like the beer garden." I'm looking for solid drinkable beer at great prices with a friendly staff and a simple but satisfying menu.  And hey  don't waste your time here. The cask conditioned IPA tastes like dish water. Food was average. Meh."  let me reiterate that this is one of those times that I wish there were half stars in the rating system.  It is definitely better than a 3 but I am not quite ready to give it a 4.  I do have to say that it really all comes down to the purpose of your visit here.  Its a brewery.  As a brewery it was so fun and we really enjoyed our server  which by the way is awesome! Our server Chris was even more awesome. We had so much fun sipping our brews & sharing great stories & experiences. We would def recommend. Ask for Chris!" The large variety of beer that is brewed onsite was also very good!" "We stopped in to pick up a growler for the Super Bowl.  The beer was good (we had their amber) but the service was downright surly.   Especially for a brewery "Been awhile since we've been here but still top notch beer. I think the food has gone down a little though Came here for Sunday beers. Local atmosphere. We could tell there were a lot of regulars there. The waitress could have been a little more friendly. I got the 4 sampler of beers because they had too many IPAs to chose from and my boyfriend had the triple IPA. Beers were good. We also ordered the chili fries for $6. We were expecting something a little larger but they're were very tasty and worth the $6. My only issue is the bathrooms. Definitely could use a little air freshener or two.  poor food. Came here on a Sunday for happy hour the calamari I ordered was cold and it took me twenty minutes to get my beer. When I reminded our waitress she said oh I think she's changing the keg.. Okay that's fine but I would like to be told that before all my other friends have their drinks and I'm just waiting. Won't be back here." "This is a must-stop for every craft brew fan visiting Phoenix.  Located near downtown in a small lot. Broad spectrum of brews including several cask brews and firkin draws. Great menu and friendly  although what really disappointed me and my guests was the service. Our server seemed to really want to be somewhere else the entire time. She was not friendly Whenever I know I'm going to be in the area I always have my growler ready for a pour. I've been twice and don't remember anything about the food to blow your mind away but their beers are tasty!  with a group of 8.  We were a little put off by how small the establishment was. Then they guided us to another building that they opened early to accommodate our large group. Chris our waiter/bartender was amazing. He gave us amazing suggestions and tasters without us asking. All the food we ordered was great. We really enjoyed the bourbon barrel aged porter. Happy hour is from 3-6 and all appetizers are $5! We will be back!"  a bit slow but had an enjoyable visit and seeing the onsite brew side was a cool plus!"  and chicken buffet with a private bar. My guests were very satisfied with the food. The craft beer is a plus too! ;)" "Unbelievably HORRIBLE service.  Never again!!  My husband and I have been to this restaurant twice now within a few years.  Our first experience was ruined by a very rude waitress.  We stayed away from the place.  Recently we thought we would give it another go.  We were greeted warmly by the bartender and asked to seat ourselves.  It was early evening The cherry hef and the vanilla porter were A-ok.  Were they my favorite? No. Were they bad? Not at all.  Would I consider buying this stuff in a pony keg for our place? probably not.  They have a decent happy hour in which if we were close by I would rather stop here than going to a place like hazelwoods or dillys deli.  But since St.Francis is across the street I would personally choose them over this.  Had a manmosa yesterday for my bday which was awesome thats probably one drink I would definitely stop in for.  is the truly bad customer service. I don't care if you make minimum wage or six figures; if your job is to take orders and serve people I thought I should have 2 paragraphs Finding good food and beer on tap in Phoenix is not difficult.  Finding great grinds and great brew is why I'm writing this review. I'm an IPA drinker by nature and this place did not disappoint. Check out the Sweet & Spicy BBQ Pork Sandwich with melted cheddar cheese on a honey roll.  Mmmmm good.  bring drinks and our bill.  All of this with only 6 people in the restaurant and 4 wait staff.  Will give them one more chance." I really only go to a brewery for beer but this place was so unpretentious and welcoming I'll drink whatever they bring me." Ignore the 'wait to be seated' sign and grab a table or head to the outside patio. Love love this place. If you come in fairly often (1-2 times a month like me) they remember your meal and drink preferences.   Service is always spot on and I've never had a bad meal here. Wish they'd bring back the salmon Reuben though. That was my addiction!! Bottom line:  I believe I'll go back to have an Ale and shoot the breeze I recommend coming here for their green chili I would definitely go back and if you live in this area and are into craft beer you must make this a regular stop."  but i know i will finally dive in and order it at some point." "SunUp was a great stop on my beer hop thru Arizona.  If I lived nearby this would probably be my spot.  Other breweries I visited also had good beer but something about this place was really cool and enjoyable.  I felt really comfortable here.  The parking was plentiful  but like the rest of the menu overpriced. We went for happy hour and ordered bruschetta ($5 on HH) and nachos ($8 no meat). The bruschetta looked and tasted like they dumped pasta sauce on bread and the $8 nachos was really small! Probably 10 tortilla chips.  Hope they realize their errors before they lose the rest of their customers.  Can't afford to feed my man on those prices..."  but the chilli cheese fries lacked the essential component. ..chilli! There was barely any on the fries  and sometimes I have so much fun I catch a mighty buzz from day drinking. While I wish that Uwe guy would bust out with more imperial reds and coffee stouts more often Great Porter selection for the beer drinker who has taste. Great food as well. Excellent for happy hours too!  but I think it's worth it. It's a smaller place and not quite as noisy as some of the breweries in the area can be. I would definitely recommend it!"  non-chain spots like SunUp.  This place has really good service & craft beers." "Great place to enjoy lunch with a brew...or two...or 4. Had the Trooper Pulled Pork sandwich with Mac and Cheese. Their Mac and Cheese is EXCELLENT with three different cheeses and smoky flavor.  Wife had a homemade veggie burger with grilled onions and Chipotle mayo. She got hers with kettle chips. Try a sample of beer while you are here as one choice seems to never be enough here! Always with a rotating selection Just had the most fabulous dinner. The entrees were spectacular. Had the salmon. 13 dollars what a steel the flavor was incredible.  The mushroom soup was to die for.  Had the flight of beers. Talk about flavor.  My favorite being the muscles from Brussels. Best beer I have ever had.  Traveled all over Europe including Prague and this one by far beats all of the others hands down.  Service was fast and the waitress was very nice and friendly.  This is my new weekly hangout. Loved it!!!  always try to support small AZ based business. You'll feel better about yourself when your head hits the pillow...." .Ended up here again and the beet was not as rewarding as usual for me but the food was solid.  I can't imagine coming here and not having the mac and cheese on my plate!  and a friendly staff do the job for me."  but the mac n cheese tasted like creamy beer with no cheese taste. It wasn't noted that it was beer mac n cheese either. My friend ordered a salad which she said wasn't worth the price and was mediocre. Our appetizer (artichoke dip) was great but was very small for the price. Unfortunately we both left hungry. Our waitress was nice but it was clear she was ready to go home. We won't be returning. ):"  not the wired mayonnaise mixed with cheese bullshit. Otherwise we love the shit out of this place."  with the exception of their fries - they were spot on.  It just kind of has a feel like it's someone's hobby rather than passion if that makes sense.  There are some amazing breweries here in the area so the competition is incredibly stiff "The food is great. Love the burger and the shepherds pie is amazing!  Beers rotate frequently. Today is an amazing bourbon aged barley wine  if you pull into the first driveway it's the brewery building with brew kettles in it.  You can park here and walk over or turn right back onto Camelback and go into the main restaurant parking area." "Great local pub.  Beers are fresh and perfectly presented.  Try the cask varieties for the ultimate craft experience.  Green chili pork with tortillas rocks.  This is a place to sit down  and I'll update my review afterwards. Maybe Nikki was just having a bad day."  she said she had a booth or we could sit across the patio at the other bar. We chose to try to sit at the other bar. There was an open table so we sat there. After awhile the bar tender/waiter said we might be better off sitting back at the other building as he didn't know when he could take our order. He did have a big table but o guess getting someone to help him wasn't an option. So back to the other side of the restaurant we went. The sign says to wait to be seated so we stood at the sign waiting......and waiting.....several waitresses walked by us and didn't even look at us or acknowledge us. We divided to leave and took our business elsewhere." This is my favorite neighborhood brewery. Order a beer flight. Find your favorite or perhaps just a new favorite. I'm partial to the cask ales. Oh and the house burger never disappoints. And don't forget to order a growler to take home your favorite brew. The beers here were really good. The vanilla porter and hefe were my favorite. Enjoyed the patio. The food menu could had more options but was good. Id go back for beer mostly. So much better tonight! Mary Sue was our server and she was great. Nice sense of humor and played along with our jokes. The food was great as was the beer. Very friendly and accommodating and the beer sampler option was very cool. Thanks for upping your game!  as well as multiple vegetarian options. Trivia on Monday nights is a lot of fun Overall the experience was fine for what it is....a brewery with bar food and it tasted fine.  It won't be the place you want to take your out of town friends to impress them  she didn't know there was a desert menu ! My drink was empty the entire time . My husband hates his food but didn't want to say something because he knew it would take forever to get our food ! We kept asking for a beer we ordered but never received . We still never got the beer even after we asked another waitress but were charged for it ! I'm speechless !"  on the road. We get inside and we find a a row of old men drinking with no music on in the main bar area. This contributes to the odd factor. We go outside and order our food. From that point on the ambiance changed dramatically. I ordered my usual chicken tenders and fries and it came to me perfectly. I was shocked to say the least. I was NOT expecting that. SunUp became great. The fries stacked up to many other top fry producers in my opinion. My milk was refreshing as well. SunUp is a local bar. There is no doubt about that. SunUp was still a good time and I would recommend it to others." I would not seek the place out but would not turn down an offer to go again." Beer is good. Food is good. Atmosphere is good. Need to know more? Think I am I liar? Try it for yourself.  is there great service. I wish I still remembered our server's name because she definitely deserves positive feed back. She was fun I'd go again to give it another chance perhaps it was just an off night...but I wouldn't go out of my way to get there."  she was available without  being annoying. Great way to try beers and have a small snack on the patio. I would recommend outside seating."  but the beers and food made up for it. Their food is pretty good and the Parmesan fries are awesome. They could use another server or two on a Saturday afternoon with a full bar though."  really liked the vanilla porter.  Food was good as well.  Our server was Jeanette Fantastic club sandwich and great beer - I am now a believer."  beer was great and food was good too. Our waitress was good and after checking on us several time At the end I was thanked for coming in. I recommend this place if you are a beer drinker. They have a large list of options."  the food was ok. Nothing special on  at least the lunch menu that would make me go back. The atmosphere was a laid back local brewery which I did like very much. My kind of spot "We come here often and always have great service. The beers are often rotated and the quality of the beers are unmistakably good. The food is phenomenal as well Quaint little place! Beer was good especially the White Russian which was the bomb the other 3 beers in my flight were also good. Didn't try the food since I can't eat and drink at the same time! Will definitely go back! Tell me. When was the last time you got good fish and garlic chips with slaw at a gay friendly place with one of the patrons in high heels? Oh and the horizon Hefeweizen is goodness? Enough said. -2 for the huge cockroach."  ad dessert  buffet.  The buffet was better than the entrees but everything was very fresh.  Drinks are very expensive but what the heck  along with a constantly revolving tasting menu. Wine list is terrific and the food is very fresh. I understand they buy from farmers directly  cuss strewn restaurant gang. And they put us in back. Didn't matter. The entire room was magnificent. Carved concrete block. Mission style furniture blended with contemporary. Three ambiguously sexual servers. Really. How can you tell now days? But the food. The art on a plate. Sublime. And I don't even know what sublime means. I heard it on TV once. Just sounds good. Like the food I fed my pie hole last night. Perfectly seared sea scallop with a corn succotash This is definitely the place to splurge on yourself.  All the suggestions from our server were on the money  silly good. The selection is perfect. The summer tasting menu was delicious and gave you a taste of the abilities of a staggeringly good chef and well executed kitchen. We had scallop appetizers which were so amazing in a lemon butter sauce that I questioned why I did not eat scallops in lemon butter sauce everyday. I had the tasting menu  but then it took 10 minutes before we got our waters and another 10 minutes for our server to come back to take our food order. On his recommendation  the service was amazing. When you eat at Wright's you get so much for your money. You will leave this place satisfied beyond belief. By far the BEST eggs benedict in all of phoenix/scottsdale. The breakfast buffet that is included with your meal was amazing. It is pricey but so worth it." It was a lovely treat for the holidays!" You'll have to save up for this one This is definitely a splurge place for me... and I can't wait for an occasion to return."  loads of F.L. Wright accolades for a man who only consulted on the building."  the manager comped our meal and bought us a glass of wine at the bar. His actions earned the second star."  and a salad of petite greens tossed in a tangelo vinaigrette.  This dish was amazing; beautifully presented and absolutely delicious.  My entree was a heaping bowl of lobster rigatoni with green onions and English peas. Everything in the dish worked; the pasta was al dente  to the presentation of each dish. Will never hesitate to go here the next time it is suggested. Unless you have a particular aversion to a specific dish  but they did box up their cotton candy for us to enjoy later as well as two boxes of their delicious fresh baked bread.  We had the garlic focaccia and the chocolate cherry."  but theirs were really good and cooked perfect. A bit disappointed that they put all the large shrimps on top but the bottom ones hidden under the large ones were the small ones. The smoked salmon and smoked duck were awesome. Desserts were very pretty and decent but mostly too sweet to my taste. Sushi rolls were pretty good. We tried all the 7 hot plates to be shared among the 3 of us  however the service and food were of bay area standards.  The atmosphere is modern yet in line with the architecture of the hotel.  We started with the cold seafood platter which was fresh and delicious.  The menu is set up so that you can either order in small plate or in a traditional appetizer/entree manner.  We decided to get a couple of items as small plates which we did the steak tartare with quail egg and the Caesar salad.  Both were great.  We then split the beef wellington which was a lot of food for one person Bottom Line: If you're staying at the Biltmore Hotel this place is your best bet for satisfaction."  despite that I was a bit gruff explaining that I am vegan. I would give more than 5 stars if I could." I might try this place again during another visit  I can't imagine we'll be back. At $110/person My favorite thing was that there was no waffle station or omelet bar or anything else like that. The buffet is for cold items and desserts. No hot stuff. In addition to that you can pick up ""hot plates"" which you order and are delivered directly to your table. I LOVE this! Also enjoy a few breakfast cocktails - you'll thank me!"  jumbo shrimp and other items from the buffet but what stood out were the small plates.  for an additional $10 you can sample any of the 7 small plates cooked to order. i tried 5 items from waffles to chicken and they were 5 star worthy as were the desserts.   i stayed at the hotel the last few days and it was a perfect way to end our stay.  i spent a little more the i normally would for a brunch but this was certainly a great choice and very happy i read the other recommedations."  but they are closed for remodeling right now. I guess everything happens for a reason. We were VERY happy with Wright's! The service "Birthday celebration for my 82 year old father who loved the seafood buffet!  My mother kept getting the pancakes with blackberry curd because they were so delicious! My 60 something hubby and 20 something ""kids"" "Stayed at the Biltmore and went here because of an American Express dining certificate.  The experience: a dirty soup spoon Excellent dinner for two here last night.   Delicious Beef Wellington.  Delicious chocolate something for dessert.  Great ambiance and location.   Attentive service.  Recommended.  fresh shrimp and other delicious cold seafood. Nice selection of cheese and deli meats along with a great spread of fresh bread such as buttery croissants. The freshly prepared hot items were fantastic! Our favorites were the grilled shrimp on polenta and the pancakes with warm maple syrup and a great blueberry compote. At $40/person  amazing service and good food.  We got to sit in on of the beautiful front booths and had a great waiter who was very attentive.  The menu is small but good.  We started off with the Lobster Bisque (amazing) and beet salad (pretty good).  Then had the veggie risotto (good  the hot pork tenderloin was perfect: crisp crust and tender inside. Our Wright's benedict kind of fell apart as it arrived to us but it was still tasty. The cold seafood bar was fantastic. The cold lamb bite with cous cous was alright only.  The desserts were all great Highly recommended!!!" Wow!  What an experience.  Started with some jumbo shrimp and crab claws. Then the real treat started. The scallop with parsnip pure cooked perfectly and presented with elegance. It was served with salty pork cubes. Moved on to the egg Benedict. Served on a crunchy tortilla with chicken. Great!  Deserts were unbelievable. The Carmel pana cotta was the best I have ever had. Service was fantastic. $39.99 felt like a bargain. Kids buffet was 1/2 that.  I am still disgusted.  I won't eat scallops.  Thank you Biltmore for ruining a crustacean species for me."  the wait staff was friendly and attentive. However for the price the food was just ok. It was our anniversary so we expected some little treat with a candle at the end but what they brought was a plate of pink cotton candy. Holly tooth decay Batman!" "We had a great meal. We got seated near a large loud table and were moved to a quieter table without a fuss. The menu offers a varied choice. All sounded delicious. We enjoyed our choices. We splurged and went from soup to nuts "Decent food and good service but way over priced fit what it was. Price fix was an ok deal; wine pairings were a steal based on normal prices and delivered via healthy tableside pour.  More of a nicer hotel restaurant than a special occasion place. Maybe this experience was bent because we went for dinner  service was amazing. Definitely an experience to eat here. The chefs are fantastic they change the menu weekly so you'll never have the same experience eating here. Prefect spot for special occasions." Lots of architectural features within plain sight.  Good flow to the whole place." Thanks Wright's at the Biltmore! You helped us make a memorable event for my Mom and our family and friends. If you grew up in the Phoenix Valley  very good food and a nice wine list. We'll be back." "Very nice Brunch service. We were treated very well and actually were given a private little table area as requested but was unexpected. Everything was fabulous and the food was very good. Tiny plates for the hot dishes but you can order more than one if you want more. Go hungry and ENJOY! This was a first time  superb Beef Wellington. The lobster Thermidor was good but not worth the $50 bucks as the portions were limited. Would I go again? Yes and I'd order the chocolate souffl a hundred times over!"  and breads/desserts on the buffet.  Five hot offerings are prepared on request.  I tried the rosemary waffles which were so good I immediately ordered another.  We also tried the blueberry pancakes which were fluffy and extremely tasty.  The highlight for me was the cold seafood--crab claws "This place was amazing!! From the beautiful grounds and surroundings to the attention of the staff right when we walked through the doors. My husband ordered the venison tomahawk A review based solely on the entree probably deserves 2.5 stars likely due to lapse in service but overall given price considerations and expectations for a restaurant of this caliber 3.99 stars."  the ""premier"" part was missing. The waiter was a bit too casual in his style in this type of venue and was never around when you needed a new drink or had a question. Their version of Onion Soup was a slice of cheese in the middle of a large shallow bowl containing a fairly bland broth. The lamb sirloin on black garlic risotto was tough and tasteless. The risotto was undercooked. The halibut Oscar did not have much flavor. We don't mind paying for a really nice meal. This was not a really nice meal and was therefore way overpriced."  huge shrimp and crab claws was great but it fell off from there - the cold meat selection was nice but limited and neither it nor the cheeses were labeled which would have been nice - some of the desserts were labeled but many were not. The five hot entrees were nice and size allowed to try them all. Today the selection allowed for an egg Benedict which was outstanding as was the boar. The waffles and pancakes are nice but I would try them last because they fill you up fast. I wish the coffee was hotter and they never offered us fresh orange juice."  shrimp and oysters. I was disappointed to see the accompanients for caviar but no caviar. Will not return for lack of value." Tasty but very formal. Classy ambience. Great for business meals or when you need a nice intimate setting. Also good for groups of 10-15 dinner parties as they have a nice outdoor area where you can have cocktails before dinner. Ate there for Birthday dinner Ate there for my birthday We also went for Sunday Brunch and it was unique in that they have a few things that are made fresh to order that are unlimited as well as a few stations including seafood and desserts. Although what they had to offer was good  crab... And thats just to start! Excellent Sunday brunch and fabulous dinners in a quiet relaxing atmosphere with top notch service. Definitely a five star!" Went for Sunday brunch. Bottomless mimosas and a great buffet and entree plate selection. Beautiful hotel and great atmosphere. Will be back  of course. I would still stay at the hotel. But I would not return for the brunch." This is great place to have a romantic dinner. On a Saturday night  wine and service. Highly recommend for special event dinners  we can just recommend it to everyone who appreciates high class cuisine and excellent service for a decent price. Make sure you make a reservation beforehand as the brunch seems to be very popular!" "I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday which happened to be on a Sunday so we came for brunch. We enjoyed it thoroughly. I made our reservation on open table through their website and mentioned that we were celebrating his birthday. We were greeted with lovely piano music just outside the dining area where we met the host. She sat us in a private dining area which had been reserved for our occasion. We felt like the queen and king of the establishment because of the furniture in the room  which helped soak up the broth do that none was left behind. Excelent. The chef brought a smoked salmon with kumquat vinaigrette which was very nice!  Then arrived green apple cotton candy courtesy of the chef as well. I'm glad I chose not to order dessert! This was the perfect treat to end a magical evening and transported me yet to another time and place. How can you forget the way cotton candy melts in your mouth?! Delightful. What an amazing meal for a relatively small bill for such a swanky restaurant. Would love the chance to dine here again and anticipate it would be another special evening."  this is the place .. There some amazing foods on the menu that are absolutely delish and you can't find them at every restaurant .. Presentation of food and quaintly outstanding !! Service from the staff impeccable   they gave us a private seating are which was pretty cool." The cotton candy at the end was a nice touch. Can't say I would go back here again Not an inexpensive dinner option but wonderful for a special occasion."  I strongly urge you to double and triple check the charges on your bill and pay in cash so they don't have the opportunity to overcharge your card."  but the music was pretty damn good."  this was ideal for our lunch meeting...  we didn't have to wait and we could hear each other speaking.  They validate your parking in the garage so it's pretty convenient as well.  I'd like to go back on a Friday or Saturday night to experience their live entertainment and perhaps another selection from their dinner menu... but until then  it got really crowded and a DJ started playing a lot of bangin' hip hop.  They even took it old school during last call with Blackstreet's ""Before I let you go"".  We had a great time dancing and met a lot of cool people.  Generally  but I can say that the service they gave us was great and the food was good. I had their 16 oz steak and their cheesecake/sweet potato crust (both delicious!). Would be open to come back again."  valet is the only way to go.  I can't imagine trying to even remember where I parked my car on this large estate!  I leave that to the experts!" Make sure you check out all of the decor if you make it up to the mansion.  The Wrigley's were definitely not minimalists!" If you want to blow someone away - take them here." The view at sunset is just breathtaking.    Great place for a really special date." Here I thought it would smell like Juicy Fruit."  for my first visit to the Mansion.  Had a few glasses of wine and then started to wander.  What a neat place to get away from it all and relax.  The bar menu is pretty limited so keep that in mind  easliy done! esp. since they have drink specials). Great for family When I live here I will throw crazy UYEs so you should all be prepared to dress the nines and party all night."  and I really wish they had a coat check.  Hauling around my coat at the Christmas party was a drag."  but asking customers to leave is not the right way to do it.  It's really a shame.  The food is decent and the atmosphere and views are incomparable  a surprisingly accessible yet highly unique place - offbeat.  Seems like it needs a look at the details - a fresh coat of paint  the way it hugs the hilltop and the views are killer! Briana was very friendly and it was nice to see the chef come up to say hello too. The Friday night live music was not my speed  which works for me because it means I don't have to fight with anyone for a seat to watch some of the country's best sunsets over a cocktail! I really need to come here more often! I will definitely be back!!" I'll be back but be ready to pay $10 unless you put down $5 or less for the actual meal." Really worth checking out and also a great location for large and small parties as they have multiple rooms that can accommodate groups! Can't wait to go back!"  breakfast breads a plenty and the two things that are MOST important to my husband: big cold shrimp and carved prime rib! Our service was impeccable and wonderfully friendly. For a lovely  if you are looking for a great brunch with killer views  ok this may not be that good... But just the opposite. The plates were huge and the food was very tasty. I had the beef dip with white truffle fries and it was so much I couldn't finish it. My dad had the penne pasta with shimp. And where you'd think you'd get these itty bitty shimps  the splendor. imagine a time when people lived here. and take a short moment to be thankful to have access to this gem." I would definitely return for a fancy brunch or special night out."  I would say that yes I will go back as soon as they lower prices and downgrade the ambiance to be more casual  and sat out on the deck of Geordie's sipping happy hour martinis and cosmos the likes of which only ""The Mansion"" can serve up. Our server was ultra-friendly and helpful as we soaked up one of the best views in the Valley. We had the pomme frites as a shared appetizer with some kind of bleu cheese topping - c'est magnifique! Cost was very doable. We also enjoyed wandering around the place learning the history of this beautifully and authentically preserved gem of Phoenix. Go as soon as you can "It's always a treat to go to Wrigley's for their Champagne Sunday Brunch! The views are amazing and the beautiful weather yesterday definitely topped it off. The food is always great (I never know where to start Great history on the house...I need to go back for their free tours.  I think they are at 10 and 3 everyday they are open.  (Check on that first)I heard they have a great Sunday Brunch Check out the band at: http://www.myspace.com/delcoa."  and it surpasses what you could describe it to be.  Seeing the city at night and being surrounded by cool peeps is what really made the place!"  the wait staff did do an excellent job of making sure we were well served. Our glasses were never empty and the food did arrive promptly. Unfortunately So my review.... I'll never go again.   Total waste of time and money."  it's one of the very few places like it in Phoenix with real history.  I just wish they would bring the kitchen and bar up to the same level as the location."  who recently sponsored a wonderful event at the Wrigley for local wedding and event professionals.  Food selection and entertainment were excellent.  I would highly recommend this facility for a romantic wedding I've been told that Wrigley has the ""pay what you will"" for lunch. If they applied this to the dinner they served I would left with a much heavier wallet. All in all the over hyped experience left me quite under whelmed. Sure it is a great place to impress your out of town guests with This is a great spot for an early Sunday date."  amazing views. Great secret date place." It was a very fun date and definitely worth the time and money!"  but it didn't really matter since it was a buffet and we had our wine and glasses.  We will be back!"  and here in Phoenix it is a little too hot to be sitting outside for long periods without some relief from the sun and during the summer months it does not get dark until around 8pm. I was really looking forward to seeing Delcoa play  take them here for dinner! If you want to have a fabulous lunch (and let me note  long time (maybe years) until the cheeries and syrup got kind of tacky and sticky and THEN you poured that shit on your brownie from the vending machine.  At Geordie's restaurant at The Wrigley Mansion Club they call that Cherry Jubilee." It's likely I won't be back." Have eaten here several times and have never been disappointed.      Great place to eat and after the meal enjoy the Manison and flora and fona." ** Pro Tip = get the $50 Local Dines gift cert for $25 ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).  Of course they will complain and try to tell you all the rules that somehow aren't listed anywhere.  They will even try to tell you what ""dinner"" food is and what is not.  Just tell them that if you want oysters and vodka for dinner then that is your choice.  If they want you to get a $65 steak in the main dining room they should clearly say that on the offer."  but I doubt we would return for the whole dinner thing. Should have sit on the patio instead of the stuffy dining area... Just not our cup of tea... the mansion is nice though." The quality and presentation of the food were excellent. The service was impeccable.  And as for ambiance  nice wine flight.  Great place for a romantic dinner or happy hour if the weather is warm.  Dress up and impress your date!"  you will impress everyone you bring with the amazing views of the city." yPfvOB63thP5t3pGZPJExA Be prepared for valet parking only." "went for sunday brunch.   very nice Beautiful view is all they got going for them. We took our family from New York here. The view was fabulous and the story ends pretty much there if you want to hear good reviews. The food was horrible!!! We all got something different so four people can't be wrong. The server was the worst I have ever seen. Ok so if you know you are busy why don't you update your guests instead of ignoring them knowing that you are busy and won't be able to get to them as much as you would like. Our food took two hours to get to us. I was told it was because of the huge party upstairs. Hmmm well what about the two tables that walked in 45 minutes after us. And got their food 30 mintues before us. Yes that's because their server didn't suck and forget to ring in the food. Then the manager came over and said we will comp you a bottle of wine perfect thank you. But when we tell you how long the food has taken. He argued and said it has been only a hour. And I said yes it has that's when your server remembered to type in the order so that is the time you have on the ticket that gets printed to the kitchen. The table next to us was also pissed and yelling at the server. Get it together!! Your food sucks and so does your service. Well our server any way. Go for bar and views nothing else.  you will regret it. Stay as far away as you can from Geordie's. Spend your money at innumerable restaurants with better value in other parts of Phoenix. (The night before we spent $50 at St. Francis and it was incredible)."  was delightful.  I took several picture of the staff and building.  And we felt comfortable asking to have dessert on the deck.  It was a completely relaxed  which it was.  Our dour waiter is the only reason I docked them one star and the only thing that might deter me from coming back."  the service was very sub-par on most accounts. Even the hostess was unfriendly and didn't smile or say more than two words. The manager was friendly and the person who delivered the food was very friendly." So I guess you see my point this place is good....not great....so if that is what your looking for then Eat Very fancy and somewhat spookey!  but absolutely worth it for the view.  The view from the restaurant and patio were incredible at night to nearly see 360 degrees.  Make sure you pay to valet and plan on staying a long while to take it all in.  Great way to see the metro."  service...it's a fancy brunch I didn't think service is lacking in any way. - Enjoy!" salad was great! view awesome PS - my friends bacon burger looked nothing like the one posted in their pictures." We will definitely be returning again!!"  and it was delicious. The service was everything you would expect from such a beautiful mansion. This place really does have the best views in town "My family and I experienced dinner at The Mansion last week and enjoyed it as much as we did their spectacular Sunday Brunch!  I started with the Rock Shrimp and Calamari Tempura. I was so fresh and yummy; had wonderful flavor! My main dish was the Filet -- what a great cut of beef! So tender This was a substantial amount of money to pay for a disappointing New Year's Eve experience.  Needless to say  laughing at the long anticipated special anniversary celebration dinner I planned for my husband who had never been to the Wrigley Mansion.  Sigh." We WON'T be back for the food. :(" it just did not fulfill are expect ions.The chicken piccata was deep fried with a heavy potato pure.It was was unedible.It just went on and on.the only good thing was the wine to numb the pain of the worst I can remember." it just did not fulfill are expect ions.The chicken piccata was deep fried with a heavy potato pure.It was was unedible.It just went on and on.the only good thing was the wine to numb the pain of the worst I can remember."  beautiful staff!  I HIGHLY recommend vising this place for ANY reason you may have.  DO NOT PASS UP!" The mansion sits on top of a hill with a 360 commanding view of the city and outskirts."  the food and service was impeccable at Sunday brunch!!!  The food selection is great for everyone...  I am a vegetarian and also gluten intolerant and there was such a variety for me to choose from!  My favorite is their omelet station!  It's outstanding!  And they even had a pancake station that my friend still can not stop talking about!  Everyone is super friendly and helpful!  I had such an amazing second experience and very much looking forward to going back again soon!  So worth it!!!"  valet is pretty much the only way to park if you don't want to walk up a long steep hill - $6.00 plus gratuity.  There are MANY much nicer places to eat in the Phoenix area - wouldn't recommend anyone wasting their time and money on this outdated restaurant."  but their menu is dated - makes me think they haven't revamped it in 15-30 years. Their oso bucco portion was tiny and slimy maybe only 3oz and the risotto was bland. Had some cold shrimp spring roll? appetizer that tasted like they scraped it off the bottom of an aquarium. We went on a Saturday night expecting it to be packed  it was cooked well done. It is very sad when a restaurant can't cook a steak. Then the service was disappointing as we hardly saw our waitress. I surely hope there is a new chef since I was there Also the food is way overpriced for what it is."  we ended up paying  $120 for a chicken dinner. We had the three courses plus one glass of expensive wine each and coffee. The food was passable nothing to get exited about. The service charge is based on the full price of the meal. We can go to Flemings have a great appetizer  or cater to a different clintele.  Although I can't think of anyone who would enjoy their food.  I would rather eat at TGI Fridays..." "Sure we only go with a DealChicken.com coupon but it's always great! Sit in the bar area as the dining room is very dated due to the mansions age. The bar area is much more There are a lot of other places in the Phoenix Metroplex to go where you are treated as a special guest and can easily have great views of the city!" "Location/venue is beautiful. It has great history and is fun to explore. The bar is ""eh"" and the food really didn't match the atmosphere. They let their atmosphere carry their so-so restaurant & bar." "Going in I was a little concerned about trying this place after reading some of the reviews here on Yelp but I received a voucher for dinner for two as a gift so since the major portion of the bill would be covered I figured what the heck. First off let me say that some signage would make it easier to find but after turning into The Biltmore Estates off of 24th just head towards the back to the white bridge and cross over it and you are there. Unless you like walking up steep driveways I suggest driving to the top and use the valet parking. Now the food. My wife and I ended up choosing the same items. The seafood cake which reminds you of a crab cake had lobster and crab yPfvOB63thP5t3pGZPJExA  that the Club card would be a good investment if we were to visit only twice.  We saved our money on the card since there will be no second visit." "I went to the wrigley mansion for my birthday.  I was so dissapointed.  I bought a travel zoo coupon so they gave a separate menu with not so appealing dishes.  I settled on the fish dish. It had very little taste.  It seemed like banquet food.  My husband and I each had a martini and the bill came to $60.00 after we paid for the $59.00 coupon.  They tack on the gratuity and the tax as if the meal was 120.00.   Food was fair  it is really dangerous." "High End ? What make this high end?  Thy serve mimosas....and that is why some people think this is high end. I am in the restaurant business...as i usually say before writing a review. So...once again what makes The Wrigley Mansion high end....anyone ? The food is sub par. The service is fine. They have taken away several of the better offerings. 2nd time there and both times i asked what am I missing? Sure the mansion is nice...but brunch lacks...ALOT. Food was really unappealing and just zero wow..or even  ""thats nice"". No real substance to anything food wise. Too bad it could be the place for brunch.......it is losing what it should be and worse it is showing the lack of true culinary innovation and in my opinion screams "" hey we are the Wrigley mansion .....oh and yeah we have some sysco mid quality food to prove it"". Real disappointment."  the best thing to do will be going to the tour and eat brunch of diner in one of their rooms. I would totally recommend going to this place if you feel like doing something relaxing"  not super flavorful.  Our waiter was nice and the service was good....maybe a tad too quick.  We were thinking it was like the food was prepared like it was for catering and plates were made it advance.  The atmosphere was nice but I'm pretty sure we are not going back." We will not be going back!"  and also retrieved the Sommelier to talk to us about wines.  If you buy a bottle of wine you become a ""Wine Member"" which gets you I/2 price on wines from now on.  We will be coming back to enjoy more wine and a beautiful view." I hope someone will take the time and money to invest in one of our rare glimpses into Phoenix's past. If it continues on this decline I don't think it will last." I read that they got a new chef since my review so hopefully they are better now."  the other is in the Smithsonian. The piano is valued at 28 million dollars and was willed to the Wrigley Mansion"  but only if you have the money as it is expensive but with the coupon I used to play music here regularly and the staff and service could not be friendlier. The food is outstanding and actually decently priced. The kicker-- the hilltop view of Phoenix. Breathtaking! There is also quite a bit of history involved here and the staff is pretty well versed on the lineage of the place.  The bar area is quaint and comfortable and attire seems to be anywhere from casual to semi-formal.  Wonderful place! yPfvOB63thP5t3pGZPJExA  tasteless food. The mansion is quite interesting to walk around on your own. Also the  Happy hour with the great view would be very romantic.   Unless you are really interested in a bit of history The service was excellent."  the romance..... WOW!!!!!!!!! Mere words cannot describe this magical wedding anniversary dinner we had....."  provided excellent care. The jazz group is top class yet the lounge was surprisingly empty! What a waste!! Will be back!!ashdbxgf" Note: Make sure to do the valet parking otherwise the trek up to the top and back down is quite the hike - we had to give some people in our party a ride back down to their car!" Wonderful food and service.  The tour is a fun exploration of a funky but luxurious home.  An American castle.  I can't wait to go back for one of the jazz evenings and a Sunday brunch. yPfvOB63thP5t3pGZPJExA  we sat at the bar early- and the staff were all so friendly. The mansion and views are beautiful. I'd give this place 5 stars if the entertainment wasn't so dated (sorry entertainers- you are talented. I just feel like I am being put to sleep for good.)"  and the servers were both polite and professional. I would say the food is about a 7 They offer a Sunday brunch that I will be trying soon as the sitting is a the ballroom where the views are the best."  however those items were nothing that elicited a wow. The wait staff was attentive  ""we've got fried chicken and collard green but where's the kool-aid?!""  That was horrifyingly rude and summed up our experience that the building is the only classy part of this establishment." Amazing place. I'm a native and am very pleased that they've kept the place high quality. You get what you pay for but in that regard it only gets 3 stars from me. My last time here was a few weeks ago for Sunday brunch celebrating a milestone birthday for my mom. All you can drink champagne and amazing food except for the weak cheese bar and weak dessert bar. For what you are paying I would expect every element to be amazing. Service was extraordinary. When the tip is included some places will skimp on service but not here. Glasses always full. Quick to replace a creaky chair. And great conversation with knowledge of the mansion's history. Plan to spend 1.5 to 2 hours so you have time to pace yourself and then explore the house and grounds. . Their appetizers are half price as are their wines until 6:00. The service is wonderful and the ambiance is absolutely beautiful. They also have entertainment around 7:00. I had their margarita pizza and it was good. it was $5.00 and almost too big for 2 people to share. The white wines are very good. $4-$5.00 a glass during HH."  and amazing waiter.  The waiter was very attentive but not annoying - he was extremely well trained and it showed.  Never felt rushed to get out and we spent a good deal time and enjoyed all the courses at our speed without someone sweeping in to take dishes constantly.  History and the house is very interesting end to the evening.  I can't recommend this enough.  It is fine food without the pretentious.  We had the filet mignon.  One thing we didn't know until we asked was you have to order side dishes with your meal so make  sure you ask.  I think we were so impressed we overlooked that on the menu.  It is very reasonable given the quality of the food.  Presentation  the restaurant was elegant and the food was tasty. I visited for dinner in January; the meal my date and I had was fantastic. The service was outstanding! Arrive at least 40 minutes before your dinner reservation so you can tour the mansion. Solid!" I have visited the Mansion Club the past two Saturday nights and find it to be as close to a private club atmosphere as you can attain in a public space. Drinks and apps in the bar followed by dinner. Great filet for me  lamb shank for my girlfriend. I will be a regular here! Visiting the Wrigley Mansion was definitely a highlight to our special day together!" "I took my whole family to the Sunday brunch. The meal cost $49 per person. I will start with the beautiful view and the historic magnificence of this mansion. My daughter is getting married there in the coming spring so we thought it would be great to have a meal there together before the big event. It is a great site for a wedding. I wish I could say the food was out if this world. The omelettes were made to order and so were the pancakes which were good. I loved all the fresh fruit. The salmon was also good. However  over the years. Still I would be willing to go back "My husband and I went on our date night to try Geordie's. I'm not sure if it's because of the timing The location is a 5 star.  So cool and full of history.  The appetizers were amazing but our main meal was just average.  I got the lamb shank and it was dry and disappointing.  They had a unique guitar player  for entertainment that played the guitar like the piano pretty cool to listen to and watch.  Overall it was pricey but unique enough to enjoy one time. I know we're just a school function but the organization spent a lot of money for this event and there was a lot of very important people there. The location was really nice and the space was great We were there for New Years with friends and the atmosphere is second to none with panoramic views of the city. The food was excellent as the Filet I ordered was cooked perfectly and the server was helpful with wine pairings. I would recommend a visit!  but man do they have a great basil/lemon gimlet. WOW. Come here if you want to go back in time to the 30's for a nice dinner and/or drink. I will be back!"  but a ""requirement"" of having the restaurant and bar in a residential neighborhood.  It must be a membership club in order to operate."  Wrigley Mansion caters in every way. I recently proposed to my fiance at The Wrigley Mansion and the staff from top to bottom were amazing in assisting throughout the setup/planning process. I'll be a member forever!" At $49/pp it's on the high end of the brunch budget but it is worth it to treat yo self or impress some out of town visitors.  If it's your first visit make sure to fill up your mimosa and stroll through the house after your meal.  It's a historic place and you might learn something other than ""how many visits to the prime rib station can I make before feeling bad about myself?"""  great entrees--we all left completely happy. (And that's hard with our crowd The brunch buffet has a great selection of seafood breakfast options. The ambience is fairly casual with lots of families. The view of Phoenix is unbeatable.  best feeling of class when you are there.  Kind of tough to get to from the road  but I rarely saw him. Absolutely beautiful here. Definitely would return!" "Visited for AZ restaurant week. It was evident that the service is highly diminished when you aren't there for their regular dinner service or perhaps when you're a good twenty years younger than their typical patronage. The table behind us received outstanding service. Our server was curt and mostly ignored us. This was after they switched our server with no notification. One minute we had a one server and the next a different one appeared (this was after we said we were there for restaurant week) No refills offered for water or second round of drinks. Waited far too long for the check. Servers Wonderful tour and a fabulous lunch with the ladies.  I can't wait to take my husband for dinner in the evening. The view was so great really look forward to seeing it at night  like going to church.  Others are quite casual.  Its all good.  Inside is air conditioned.  You can walk around sell paced after your lunch  I am glad to have been able to visit a Phoenix point of pride while I'm still living here in Arizona." This is one of Phoenix's best kept secret.  The cocktails are unique and when paired with the view of the city create a 5 star experience. We enjoyed the tour and the happy hour is second to none.  especially at sunset. The food is just ok. I had the salmon and it was a little soft and mushy. They also offer a wine club which can save you some money. After your meal  but at mansion prices the buffet is the only meal I would  consider returning for." If I had the chance to go back  but it ms sure with it.  One of those places where the steak is sooo tender it seems to kinda melt in your mouth.  And the views are hard to beat.  I've only had steak this good one other time in Vegas at a pace that cost significantly more.  Granted I'm no pro "Went to an event there last night. Beautiful space. Service was horrific. The female bartender in   the main bar was rude and never did serve us. The place was woefully understaffed with several big events along with the regular restaurant "Attended a private event here and was not impressed. Maintenance guys were going through fixing and replacing lights during the event because they weren't checked in advance. The room looked extremely low budget and the drinks were so over priced that Mill Ave looks cheap. The food was also very blah in flavor and not much for the cost of the place. I'd recommend several other venues over this place such as the The Monorchid (which I'd only rate slightly higher for location but the food was really good)  I entered inside one of the restaurants (Geordie's) and was guided through the mansion to a different area where the event was. The parts of the Mansion I saw were beautiful but dated. It was like being thrown back in time and it was a unique experience. The room the food event was in was large and spacious with plenty of seating and room to mingle. Overall  service and ambience. Even a great happy hour! Best salmon in Phoenix! Amazing bruschetta! A wine list (book) longer than War and Peace. Perfect for a special occasion or to show off the best of Phoenix to guests. Amazing historic building with beautiful views in all sides. Do the valet parking- it's a bit of a hike." "The Wrigley Mansion for brunch is exquisite!  The variety and elegance of food was spectacular. The panoramic views and wonderful service made you feel like you never wanted to leave. With the one of a kind piano playing in the background and the classy atmosphere "My wife and I had our wedding reception at the Wrigley Mansion in late 2013 and have dined there numerous times since. The setting is extraordinary. The reception (both the prep and the event) left nothing to be desired. And our subsequent dining experiences are consistent in good cuisine  you can wander the mansion and see how the other half lived. It's a great thing to do while in Phoenix."  so I do not know why they are like that.  Don't advertise for H.R. If you don't want to serve it.  The HR food was horrendous and all fried carbs.  We had mediocre steamed clams from the regular menu but HALF of them were closed.  Need a new chef." We will be back I loved every minute" "Wrigley Mansion has been an amazing partner for me! We work together for their special events! This is such a fabulous place to host a party! Working with Megan at the Mansion is incredibly simple  it was a pleasant experience."  it's a great place with old money charm. Once the mimosas start flowing Skip this place and spend your money elsewhere. It's class is just window-dressing. Start looking around and the service and food is quite unremarkable." Love this quote ;) ""Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar  the ""winter cottage"") is a marvel and just beautiful to behold and to discover all the hidden gems within. But the high points really were brought to our attention by the knowledgeable and personable tour guide "Came in with a large group of girls this last Sunday for a birthday lunch and the buffet was on point. the staff was really friendly and even got in on one of our photos. we had a few servers but ""Prince"" definitely stood out I didn't give this place 5 stars because the lady at the reservations desk was extremely rude when asked a question about the history of the mansion starting brunch off on that note we walked into the beautiful mansion and made reservations for a window seat of course really enjoying the view and mimosa! Brunch was delicious also with lots of options but they wee out of eggs Benedict I 5 out of 5 highly recommend Wrigley Mansion!"  the caesar salad romaine was not fresh and it had too much dressing. My salmon appeared to have been cooked long ago and was served with nothing except for a few pieces of lettuce. Hubby's Halibut was so-so and the brussels sprouts were almost raw with no flavor at all.  The chocolate  but it took nearly a half hour to be served.  The restaurant is relatively large but only one small area was open to guests and that made it very loud and gave a crowded feeling to dinner.  When we did get our order  but that the food will usually (mostly at least) make up for it." It was a new server today that we've never had before  which was over 20 min it was good and hot. I had the Seafood platter and I have to say that it was good  hoping it gets better.  I enjoy the food and it is in the neighborhood.  I can understand why they don't pack them in anymore.  Seems like corporate would look at these reviews and make sure the service is brought up to par!  Won't be returning for at least 2 more years.  And that is probably only a MAYBE!!!!"  and the booth we sat in was dirty; it left a huge grease stain on my daughter's pants.   This place is disgusting." Close to the house and a good place to get eggs in the morning the staff is allways nice but not fancy by any means. Not worth the experience...  Not worth the money....   OverEasy is far far better!"  but clean.  We ordered a slice of the raspberry swirl cheesecake and a piece of boysenberry pie. The pie was good and the cheesecake was even better. I would definitely go back and try out their dine-in service." All the food is consistently satisfying. The environment is friendly and many of the folks are regulars Can't wait to return and try the pizza or calzone...."  Italian food close to home. My daughter took me here for a birthday lunch and I was in heaven. The cheese calzone was huge kvxrjOmicwb2njvXOJsZRw  but it sadly did not meet my expectations. This is a great place to watch sports because they have big flat screen TVs lining the bar and the service is good (very quick at getting you another drink). The disappointing part was the food. I may have chosen poorly though  good amount of TVs. The service was on par.   The food was just not great as suggested by others.There are better unassuming Italian eats in the valley."  THIS IS A BAR. Don't post a review slamming the decor when you didn't do your research first." Stopped in for a quick beer while we finished watching a baseball game.  Great little dive bar that appeared to have some decent food.  Next time I am in the moon valley area I will have to give the food a try. qgjIJ1m4_nISEy3ry_nfIQ  and drafts are all average in my opinion." "Good local sports bar with good service  as much as one loathes hearing that type of characterization.  Italian food here is solid "I consider this place my local bar. I live down the street in the Moon Valley area and it's always a great late-night choice. The beer selection is nice and the food isn't bad. Their kitchen's selection is not your average bar food. They have full pasta dishes  and the rest of the staff are terrific--and fun--servers." Ammaccapanes very bad customer will keep me from ever stepping foot inside again. I work near buy and myself and coworkers frequent it. Lindsay the bar tender and john the bouncer have alway treated me very well. Oct 6 2013 1030pm I took a friend there for a beer and wings. The male bartender put in my order and brougt me a sm pitcher of kilt. My friend got a blue moon. I was waiting for my wings it wasn't busy as I finished my 1st beer. Second beer down still no wings last half beer started and I asked bartender to cancel wings. If I can't enjoy them with the beer what's the point. He acted as if I was being an a$$. And told me he won't void it cause he will have to pay for it. All with attitude. He checked the ticket time and it was over22 min for Wings wtf. I'm not paying for them I stated. He then explained how his boss the owner makes them pay for all voids and walkouts. This is illegal. The attitude and the owner being a jack hole is why I will never return. I will miss lindsay she was always great. If the male bartenders story was true or not. I paid for the drinks gave the tender some labor advice tipped to cover the wings and left. Sad and unhappy. This place craps on it guests threw the owners bad managing and the male bartender has no clue what customer service is about. Don't waste your time or money here unless lindsay is at the bar. Really. I'm always happy with my experience here and I get to support a local business and family with history in the valley. I can't ask for much more. Will continue to be a patron here.  Great hangout."   everyone has been here.  Best mixed drinks and they have my favorite beer kvxrjOmicwb2njvXOJsZRw Bad bad service.  And with attitude. Everytime I give it another try I regret it. The food was great and service was best in North Phx. Nicole was very pleasant and made sure we were taken care of....always a great local spot.  and the atmosphere is laid back. Will return."  food and fun with your friends/coworkers!  Thank You Ralphie (the owner)!  Love You.  xxxoooxxx" Omg I have never been to a bar with food this good stared with mac n cheese popper Amazing chicken noodle soup like grandma would make. Then the fettuccine alfredo and Laura's stuffed shells with bacon and mushroom it was like butter so rich and creamy. I loved it. Wow this place was great. Walking in you wouldn't guess it but they have a great menu and everything is fresh and handmade each day by the owner. This place is definitely one of those hidden gems. I'll be back.  tuna melt and hot dogs!  Good pours and good variety of beers on tap!  Deana is incredible!  Family hospitality!" I love it here. Great pizza and wings! Actually everything on the menu is delicious! Nice family owned and operated atmosphere and drinks are poured generously! Outstanding place! Great food and tap beers. All the food is great. I love the burgers and of course the steak sandwich. NY strip on great bread. Great meal for the price point.  Best steak sandwich I've ever had! Not impressed.  Ordered medium-well (some pink) patty melt and fries.  Fries were not fresh but frozen junk and burger was dripping in so much blood the bread was soaked through.  Lost my appetite and left. Came here with a large group of 49 people. The management was alerted to the group and that they would be eating dinner. The management did not staff the kitchen and wait staff to accommodate this group. It took over 45 minutes to get the food to our group. Staff did he best they could under the circumstances.     Once the food arrived it was very good. This made up for the wait. Drinks were strong and the staff were friendly. The place had a Heath score of A. Plates were hot and the food delicious. Would stop here again when not sign with a group to see how the food is delivered. The most authentic home made food I have ever had! The chef is fantastic! Must try the shells Laura style!!! "I've been on a mission to try a new pizza place weekly. I love pizza - I like thin or hand crust primarily. Open to a variety of toppings w/the exception of ham and pineapple. I have tried at least 15 restaurants recently and hands down this place has THE BEST PIZZA EVER!! Shock Top on tap  tried to start an altercation with a customer. It took another employee and customer to get him to stop trying to fight. It made the atmosphere very uncomfortable we had to leave." "Good food great service and atmosphere!  We stopped in for a quick Drink and really dug it.  Super comfortable friendly employees Ran the bartender made the best chocolate martini  I had in a long time. Simply great! You really can't go wrong with any of the Italian dishes on the menu.  Eggplant and white clam linguine are delicious. Great wings and a solid local hang out. Numerous beers on tap. One giant horseshoe shaped bar that takes up half the restaurant. Lots of tvs and a great atmosphere.  the waitress whom never had time to talk to us apologized about some of the deficiencies. Not sure if Cheryl was being genuine or fishing for a tip but the timing was off." We've been coming here for over a year and the food is great.  It gets 4 stars.  The service is so hit or miss that it gets 2 stars as an average. Love this comfortable atmosphere of this place though and all the food I have had there is really good." 