The other thing that stuck out for me was one of the customers. An older gentleman; he seemed to be a regular. I really  good crowd and staff - and get some decent mushrooms; why they spoil an otherwise above average pie with such inferior crap  and they are as perfect today as they were back in ancient times when I first started visiting the place.  Alexion's is a clean and peaceful little place in the Rook Station part of Green Tree Offers a quick lunch." KayYbHCt-RkbGcPdGOThNg "Awesome drink specials during happy hour. Fantastic wings that are crispy and delicious  it wasn't her fault she was the only server. But it took about an hour to get our sandwiches. Mine was one of the best reubens I've ever had." Grew up near here. the family would always go once a month. Haven't stopped in for a few years until last Friday with a few friends to grab a drink. The sandwiches are always amazing just as I remember. The staff is amazing and friendly. Great place for lunch as well. Very disappointed in the customer service. We ordered Reuben's  and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut. They charged us $3.00 for the coleslaw. We will not be back . The iced tea is also terrible tasting.  assuming today was some aberration possibly due to a cook having a family emergency or something like that. Waitress was pretty good   won't be disappointed if you like bar food at a reasonable price.  Good place to go for ""Friday fish sandwich """  and relaxing atmosphere. Great wings and the buffalo chicken pizza is the best I've had. The sandwiches are all on thick cut Italian bread and fresh. Definitely  a hidden gem of the Greetree Carnegie area. Looking for a low key hole in the wall with good prices and great food this is your place."  wings were very good. Family owned establishment and everyone we met was great "Perfect joint! Don't be afraid as you pull up... It's a nice little neighborhood. Was in town on biz and my hotel was right up the street. Great service  good flavor but the fish was average.  I loaded it up with some tarter and cocktail sauce to help the flavor out.  It wasn't a bad sandwich just a tad small and mediocre for the price.  I would stop back to try something else another time and would love to grab a beer here  decent service and reasonable prices make this a good spot for a sojourn if in the area. The bartender was cool in offering samples of drafts before I selected  excellent beer selection!  Bartenders are great! It is a great hometown neighborhood bar with good people and friendly staff.  The food is a good selection of var type food with large sandwiches.  Excellent wings!" I go here to get away and enjoy a nice drink and great company. The service is always top notch and customer service is awesome. First class management and food. I tried some of the hot turkey sandwich and just left the rest for my friend since it was not fresh cut turkey but instead luncheon meat that had been heated.  I finished off my dinner and was happy in the end.  No  just don't come for the ice cream."  other than the Fox Chapel location was remodeled about 10 years ago to look less like a diner 9MmWbiE7txW_OplDAnoaqA I heart King's. I've always been a fan and this one was as good as my old one in Monaca.  and tasty food.  I am pleased and will definitely come back again." My breakfast cost me just over $10 - very comparable to Cracker Barrel   Bob Evans." Good service but the last 2 times we've gone there have been hairs in my son's kids meal.. A bit disappointing. From what I understand it 'used to be' really good homecooked food. But apparently This place is dirty and smells food is reely bad I took it home and feed it to the dog. Hope he don't get sick from the food like I did. fNGIbpazjTRdXgwRY_NIXA  welcoming and the lounge was busy. It was Friday night and the special was the fish fry.  I ordered the fish and in the meantime I sipped on a draft brew.  The order was delivered to my table in no time.  The fish and sides were tasty and the portion size was large. As I was watching the game and enjoying the heck out of my dinner I noticed a dessert case with a nice selection of cakes.  Well needless to say I got a togo box for what was left of my dinner and ordered a slice of cheesecake.  Another good choice!  At the end of night the Penguins couldn't pull off the win over the Rangers but I definitely have a new ""go to"" when I'm in town.  Another star could be added for a smoke free environment.  I don't smoke but I understand they have a nice outdoor area for those who do."  and former boss all enjoy their food!"  endless soup and salad bar is great. Most food for your dollar. I highly recommend. Great bar. Good place to watch a game. The bar can get quite noisy in the evenings bucket or box. The wait staff is often clueless and changes like the wind. I have never had the same server twice. But the fact is you get a decent meal for a decent price and always have a little to take home. Yes "Great local bar. Theresa does a great job. Sandwiches are excellent. Recommend meatball "To be clear this is not a fancy place by any means. The decor is a little dated and leaves a lot to be desired. The food is basic and simple Generous portions of really great food.  Best fish sandwiches.  Not fancy ...real food for real folks ! It is a popular Denny's."  there is always a lot people and the waiters are nice; food portion is great as well!" If you want smth quick and it is late at night then i would say Denny's!"  (witching hours) you may see the cook singing and dancing along with the music in the back. And it is awesome! ! Love this place!!"  not very good.. but not really bad either. It's Denny's. When you walk into a Denny's.. you know exactly what you're getting into. Why the heck are you even reading reviews about a Denny's? That's like looking for reviews on an ice cream truck  good service too I have had several different dishes here and all have been excellent" "Chose Denny's for a very late (1:30pm) Sunday brunch. No wait. Quickly greeted and served. I ordered the half size of Moon Over My Hammy. It was just the right amount of food for me "I like the food at Denny's more than meals served at pricier restaurants. My favorite is the Bourbon Chicken Skillet. Even though it isn't advertised as being gluten-free  good food. Other Denny's pale in comparison to this location." Denny's has always been one of my favorite casual dining restaurants  while waitress flitted around...waited another 10 minutes and after 25 minutes of sitting there with the menu closed..I left. Coffee and water untouched. Waitress was too busy telling the customer in the next booth about her daughters almost wedding. Don't waste your time or money at this Denny's. Service is horrible and waitresses are the worst...food usually isn't great..but I can't speak for this visit...25 minutes and no one wanted to take my order. Ps...Kings had a great breakfast that day...service was great...only about 1.5 miles down the road." FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! . . . . BRING ON THE BEER!"  but at least it's different from going to an ordinary restaurant." sbW8qHJgzEIH42B0S-3New I like the atmosphere.  I like the bar area.  Perhaps next time we'll just stop by for drinks instead." Food is just ""ok"" Drink prices are fair but not great." Overall Dave and buster's is unique to the Waterfront  fun and laughter and maybe stop somewhere else for drinks and a bite to eat (skip the bountiful chains that span the Waterfront and try Blue Dust on Amity Street)." The manager was really nice... Of course that disgusting sandwich that I didn't eat was free."  so I can't rate the restaurant part of Dave and Busters." "We came here on a Saturday night and luckily it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be. I love playing ticket games so luckily there were a lot of games to chose from and not many video games (sorry video game lovers!) We only played $20 worth of games and surprisingly we were there for awhile. I love their new Wheel of Fortune game! On our first play There are so many other choices for lunch that are local and close.  I would definitely recommend another in Squirrel Hill - I suggest you use Yelp to find you a better one (then come back and play! ;-) )"  I had a bar tab (that wasn't out of control) and my night ended up costing me $60" "I love Dave and Busters!!  It is a great place to go when you are wanting to have a great time with a great group of friends.  If you find you and your friends bored on a Friday or Saturday night "Dave and busters is the best place to eat and play games. There is many fun games and prizes to win. I highly suggest if you want to plays games  I didn't like my experience at Dave and Busters. I remembered it being a fun place to go and unwind as an adult. but between all the kids and the crappy service Not a cheap night out you will end up spending money here.  But it is busy fun entertaining and a good time out.  I ate dinner here and the food was great i also played pool and the arcade games.  my Tropical Mojito was awesome! My friend and I are definitely planning on going back on a Wednesday for half-price games AND half-price drinks."  but only order beer at the bar and don't expect a smile."  but only after I eat elsewhere first." - Fun time overall with the wife." Mediocre service. COLD food! Our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted. Bland food. Crazy overpriced. Long waits in the arcade. 1 beer per hour maximum.  Avoid at all costs. Fair manager.  we had empty glasses and our waitress had never even come around to see if we needed refills except for one time. She said she'd come back right away with our refills...yea * they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having a guardian over 30 years old" We went before 9 pm and there were a ton of kids there on a Friday night. I do suggest if you want to avoid the children to go after 9."  D&B's is a good spot to stop at for food and entertainment.  Just don't expect to be seated in the restaurant portion  I was really impressed! The amount of tickets to be won was incredible. We usually got 200 tickets per play on average. Compared to Playdium here "A fun place and lots to do but a bit pricy. $20.00 will buy you a hundred points which will last you a little over an hour.I recommend the bowling game   PA last night. Waitress mixed up our credit cards and gave my brothers credit card to someone else and he theirs. Charged them already too - both incorrectly My brother had to walk around and find out who it was. Waitress never apologized. GM was extremely rude and refused to give my brother his original receipt back saying they had thrown it out. DID NOTHING TO REMEDY the situation and ignored us the rest of our visit - not even a refill. After spending over $300 plus games "Most of the games were out of order and I had to find one of those referee looking people to fix 2 of them that took some of our credits.  Apathetic service staff all around  in that time-frame we played 250 credits (cost= $40) but it was half-price games."  they split the difference between fun and professional. Special shout out to Riley "I still love this place!  I spent my 36th birthday at D&B's and it was a wise decision!  i had so much fun  but a great spot to enjoy a few drinks & watch sports on the big screens. It's great for adult fun after 10pm. Great for a first date if you like to have a good fun & feel relaxed"  about the same quality that you'd get at an Applebee's or some place similar -- good but not great.  My steak was tough I had been here one other time for an organized happy hour for a past employer and remember very similar service but I never got the chance to give them any credit.  I think D&B is an awesome place when you need some space for your next event." It's a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards I held for it."  staff is friendly and its a good way to waste time before a movie. They do have good  food. Gets a 3 stars because I get bored easily at this location."  but it has gone down hill over the years. The games are not as fun and do not give you as many tickets and the prizes have gotten cheaper in quality. It takes a whole heck of a lot of tickets for you to even get a pencil! The atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest games and diverse groups of people! Now "I was here on 10 3 and I have to say this was a horrible experience.  Me and a friend went here to eat and play a couple games afterwards.  It took the waitress at least 10-15 minutes to greet us and by that time we knew we should just order then because we might not see her again.  We ordered and got our drinks and well let's just say we didn't see the waitress again until she was giving us our check (some manager delivered the food to the table).  No refill on my beverage I recently stopped there with my girlfriend and her kids to celebrate her daughters 21's birthday. I ordered the fish and chips. Don't order the fish and chips unless you want to lube your insides for months. I know I probably got the one that got away and they refried it 3 times. The outside breading was hard as a rock and had no taste. The fish itself was bland. After a few bites I called over the waiter who was very nice and funny and complained by showing him how hard the fish was by tapping the fish against the plate making a loud thud noise. He grabbed my plate and took it to his manager. But before doing so asked if I wanted something else I said no I had lost my appetite. The manager came out looked around and walked right out of the area. I was thinking he would have stopped but didn't oh well. The waiter took my meal it off the bill. I have eaten there before and the food was good. Sometime you just get one that isn't.  the last couple of times I've gone I've gotten 2 hours of arcade games for a very cheap price (Mario Kart  let me say that I find the people who usually work at Dave and busters usually don't care or seem to be angry and hate their job. A friend and I went here and found that a couple of the machines ran out tickets and someone was always there and happy to help. The staff went out of their way to make sure we had a good time. The manager Tony was very sweet and made sure everything was ok. Every staff member we talked to was extremely nice. This is by far the best Dave and busters I've had been to!" "My sister and law wanted to go here for lunch so all the kids could play games after we all had some lunch together. This place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms. All of the food looked great on the 16 page menu. When our food came though "We checked in at 7:00 pm on a Saturday with a group of 19 for a birthday gathering.  We were originally told 9:00 pm is when we'd be seated To top it off the bathroom had no toilet paper and there was pee everywhere!"  and I felt really bad for the employees that had to work that day Awful awful. Spent 150.00SERVICE WAS TERRIBLE. Took 27 minutes to even be acknowledged. Really. The only saving grace was the kids had fun and the hostess took AMAZING care of us......  Mikey & Big Bob for the 96.1 Kiss FM Listener Appreciation Party.  Kiss really knows how to throw a bash- $10 power cards I guess they are also remodeling their price area so for now there is a make-shift area to cash in your tickets. Everything was pretty picked over  which I have never done before. It was a Saturday night and as someone who works in a restaurant im very sympathetic when it comes to service. We sat at the high tables in the bar area and we did not get greeted or even acknowledged for 30 minutes. I personally had to get a manager and explain to him the situation and he treated me like I was stupid (maybe because im 17?) Also not to mention the little girl next to me is balling her eyes out because she told her server of an egg allergy she has and they still managed to mess it up and give her food marinated in egg. Last I overhead they are heading to the hospital. I'm not writing this message to be spiteful  etc.) and not well maintained or managed at all.  The broken games were sort of comical after a while  over hyped but a hell of a time regardless.  I think if you have a big screen tv at home and a wii you could order pizza get beer and have friends over and have the same experience without the price and glitz.  I've yet to eat something here that impressed me.  The arcade is a bit dated but I like playing the big trivia game more than anything (again  since it's very average. With all these good restaurants close by Fell asleep last night before I got a chance to do my review this place is pretty cool it's just an arcade with a bunch of games they have a bar & u can order food as well the prizes have gotten better however there a few games that weren't working I always go there to either eat dinner or have drinks .never had a problem with the food or drink.sometimes i will play games there sometimes.the girls behind the counter are very nice even the one guy Brett is also nice.he works very hard from what i can see as well as the girls that work there . even the one girl behind the counter was dressed very nice.when i do go there they do know what i like to eat or drink. Although the restrooms should be cleaned a little more. Wednesday's are half off game night. Menu includes some meals that also provide ten dollar game cards. It's loud and crazy but that's what is to be expected. The kids love this place. It's ok. Not my thing but I understand the fascination. sbW8qHJgzEIH42B0S-3New Great games and prizes. Amazing food.great way to enjoy your day with your family!!! Super busy place.  salad and a quesadilla shouldn't take that long. Games were fine. Mens room didn't have any paper towels to dry hands with. Huge fail for this type of venue."  but not a place i would frequently waste my money."  Sean and the managers made sure that our experience was memorable and even added extra touches that made us feel special. Thank you "This wasn't the cleanest place. Dirty paper towels all over the women's bathroom. No changing covers on the changing tables to change your Babies. Very disappointed when I came here compared to the other two I've been too. Also they aren't following corporate policy. Which ok  we went through $50 of games really fast. The gift section is full of fun tchotchkes and prizes if you pay enough to rack up the points! Nevertheless Had an awesome time here with my hubby the food was amazing but the games cost so much an the prizes where ok but all in all a good time I'll be bring the kids with next time  but after my husband came out of the restroom he told me how about 5 other guys walked out of the restroom as well that had not washed their hands and immediately went over to start playing games.  All I have to say is no thanks." "The food was good but we Waited an hour for our drinks then 1.5 hours food then an hour for our bill. Won't be back! Not busy at all so not sure what the problem was. I'd hate to be there when they are ""busy""." I would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat. Drink play games fine. I will never order food there again." Went to Dave and busters to eat.... NO FOOD. Went to Dave and busters to play.. NO GAMES. Then I thought I'd wet my whistle with a cool glass of H2O..they even RAN OUT OF WATER... Some lady even yelled at me in line to purchase game tickets accusing me of cutting line. SUCH HOSTILITY. dave and busters? More like BEAVIS & BUTTHEAD. SMH "This is a place I'd go to just for the games. The food was bad. I had the chicken sliders and there was two pieces of wood in the sandwich which I found in my mouth. Granted the manager did take off the price of the sliders but everyone's fries were lukewarm. My sister got the chicken fingers and wow I'll be back for sure but this place needs some serious staff updating."  but the staff rudely expressed this and smirked at us because we were under 21. Awful place with rude people." Moved onto gaming area where approximately 1 out of 5 games were not operating properly. This place has really gone down hill in the past 3-4 years. We will NOT be going back!"  eat somewhere else then head here to play." 4pm on a Friday afternoon and I got turned away for being 8 days under 21 I had no intention drinking and there was all of 4 people in the place even if I was 21 I would go to rivers downtown it's not like they can put a wristband saying I'm 20 or anything. worst service wver i asked for someone to come over 3 times and we sat at a table for 20 minutes while a whole swarm of servers were just walking around passing us. not to mention alllll the tables in the whole game room were dirty. even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us. drinks took forever too and it wasnt busy at all the bartenders didn't care much they stood there for awhile. we will still go here just not try to eat. they need some structure in the work atmosphere. I am extremely disappointed in how the staff and manager delt with this and will not return to this specific Dave n Busters."  some creepy middle aged man came up to me and my wife asking if he gets us a certain amount of tickets on a game (which we had to pay for) then we buy him an alcoholic beverage. What in the world is wrong with this man?!?! Couldn't find any management workers to advise so we just walked away and avoided him for the rest of the night."  this place is highly unhygienic. they don't clean any silverwares "The service was terrible. Games are games at any Dave & busters but service makes or breaks this place. I understand it was busy tonight because of the fight  and hopefully we will be able to find prizes worth taking home!" Nina the manager and Ashley the cashier extremely RUDE. refused to give me back change from kiosk malfunction. made me leave because I was with my girlfriend who was 20 and I was 23. supposed rule about someone under 21 needs to be with someone 25. rule is in about 3 size font. highly recommend that no one ever goes here. Worst service ever and all of our food was either cold or not what we ordered. Waited over a hour for our food as well. Our service was awful as well. Bathrooms were so disgusting and un-kept. I don't think I have one good thing to say about this place. Games - who doesn't like game? They have a ton of variety from hoops to racing. Afterwards (if you're lucky) you can redeem tokens at their reward store." The show itself was highly entertaining and the crowd seemed to agree -- Lee kept everyone on their toes for the entire 60 minutes.  I can't wait to check out more shows here and flex my skee-ball arm!"  don't try to eat here. Just come and play the games  however things went south fast there were children everywhere and i am not a nice person aroud children when i drink...lol. these kids hogged up everygame the entire night leaving me creating my own entertainment  which involved staring at there young moms and older sisters. I wish there were no kids. After a few hours and a 3 course meal i decided to make my own fun.  I kicked a child off a racing game chair and they precided to cry like a little girl.  She was definitely old enough to understand why she was wrong. After a few choice words with management i will never go back there again and will only lock my kids inside of my car somewhere more adult like seabase." "How ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids. I drove 40 minutes to take my younger brother to Dave and Busters for a fun afternoon but we were denied. Their policy states anybody under the age of 21 must be accompanied by an adult over the age of 25. I'm 22 years old and I don't understand why I can't bring my 12 year old brother to play games. We've gone many times a year for the past 15 years. After todays experience If they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating. 2.5 hour wait and then cold food served. Did not have enough staff in kitchen and never bothered to provide updates. Bathrooms atrocious. Nothing positive to say other than don't go there.  the server kept calling me baby all night. Staff is rude. Half the games don't work. The food is the only good thing this place has because it's somewhat unique. I did a survey that was on my receipt and gave my negative experience and it said a a manger would be in touch based on my answers and it's been a week and no call. What a joke."  a man shows up out of nowhere with a camera asking to take our picture for a keychain--it's free but he's ""working for tips"". Other than these two odd happenings I come to D&B for the games and not the food. Aside from the horrible customer service I've experienced Games were fun...as always. Eat before you come to play!"   the yummy eats and most of their cocktail menu is pretty darn impressive. I always go for the Passion Fruit Sangria or the Backwoods lemonade that comes with a shot in a mini Solo Cup. They can be pricey after a while that's why I show up for happy hour. If you're into gaming do show up on a Wednesday where all games are half off." sbW8qHJgzEIH42B0S-3New IbvOxKSps_K5wa3a2_jc-Q  but keep your expectations low." Don't go to the one in Charlotte though  as it was pretty good.  Head next door to Sing Sing for drinks Large portions. Friendly staff." My friends got everyhing from steak(they didn't even get a well done steak right) to mahi tacos and the only great menu item was the seasoned vegetables- give it a miss. Sing sing next door is awesome but get dinner somewere else. After we were done the waiter asked if we were ready for the checks and I had ordered meal that came with a desert! Really dissapointing all around.  grab a drink or 2 and eat those nachos.  the bar has a pool table and plenty of flatscreens.  rock bottom is a chain but it's one of the better chains in the area.  i'll pass on chili's or friday's and come to rock bottom instead.  oh and typically i walk over to target - work off some of those nachos." Our food and service was great.  They had the Penguins game on all the TVs in the bar and were setting up live music for after the game.  Seriously  I didn't sit at the bar and I don't drink alcohol so I can't comment on that. I go back to Pittsburgh often and Rock Bottom ends up being a good standby for a dinner and a movie kind of night. Really The burgers are good and big with the little skinny fries.  I'm not a fan of the skinny fry  the Rock Bottom is hit or miss. The beers are always good and the Uppity Jagoff IPA is one of the best India Pale Ales I've ever tasted. The low point lately has been the food. I will never forgive the idiot in management who took the chicken quesadilla off the menu. That said "Pretty good! Excellent beer sampler - bargain!  Veggie burger awesome. Onion rings awesome. Fried Mac n cheese was delicious - crunchy on the outside  I found the lighter ones very good and I look forward to trying the other seasonal beers. It is a good hour drive south to get there  or wrapped in bacon.  I know some people love to eat food like this all the time( I do every once in awhile) but if you eat out a lot you can't always get the spin dip The brew pub is nice and was surprised it wasn't busier."  and bar food; and you'll be OK.  I've had bad experience will all the fish dishes (including the fish and chips).  Also  but they were out of the ones we wanted. 4 of the 6 people in our group ordered steaks all of them were cooked to their satisfaction. The bourbanzola was a good addition. Defiantly a place I would go again. Joe I love this place!  Great atmosphere and friendly service every time I go!! Stop by on Thursday nights for a colorful game of trivia where teams battle it out in a game of intelligence and drinking skills!" The Waterfront may not be the most convenient thing to do while in Pittsburgh Come to Team Trivia every Thursday at 8pm!"  an enjoyable place at which I am a regular." Service was a little slow (not sure why) so a 4-star review is downgraded to 3.5. I'll be back next time I'm in Pittsburgh for work."  there was a hot mushroom   sundried tomato   cheese dip on the menu that was fantastic... if they resurrect that I will gladly add another star!" That's pretty much it. This place fixes it's food consistency  it wouldn't have been worth the experience.  We'll hit the Improv again - we have before - but  meh.  The food is pretty forgettable.  Another ""brewery"" that sadly fails to be anything special in the food department.  With the restaurants upping the ante on 8th Ave For a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of Oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to Germany. Not worth $5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was $15.95. vjcjHR3G_Vu-Ruo5JcLtWA I definitely give Rock Bottom two thumbs up for taking your typical chain-found food and making it fresh  and you get the exact formula that's kept me from going there in the past...and will keep me from going often in the future."  drinks are a few dollars off the regular price  not many vegetarian options and hostesses who will ignore you because they are too busy chatting about who didn't text them back. This place has the potential to be great Watch the fat girls in here. They will try to steal your buddys chair in a sec if he goes to the bathroom & then the indignent fat girl had to get yelled at in front of everyone w  in ear shot. Everything else including the burger & beers I devoured was excellent. I vote for Rock Bottom as the anchor store of the Water Works."  that's a little ridiculous when East End only charges $3 for the bottle and Penn Brewery $5.  Paying more for the bottle than the beer inside seems like insanity to me.  So I walked out empty handed.    But it won't deter me from returning."  and I have to admit that I was pretty satisfied with what we got.  Though I couldn't find any fried pickles or onion rings on the apps section Fish tacos were excellent!! Great brewed beers on tap as well!!!!!! "I very much enjoyed my first visit here. I got the Turkey Meatloaf and it was really tasty. It's more sausage than turkey. The cheesy mashed potatoes were excellent. The star of the night was the appetizer McikHxxEqZ2X0joaRNKlaw "First time I was here I had chicken quesadilla's and they were bad.  We went again last weekend. I had the chicken avacod sandwich.  It was very good.  No fat in the chicken.  Just a mess to eat *rock bottom allowed our bachelorette party to eat and drink and hang after dave and busters orphaned us"  you'll do fine here. I vacillated between 2 and 3 stars but the house beer I had will make sure I come back from time to time." I felt that the staff was very nice and the waitress was very attentive. The service was quick and I think you can get in and out in under an hour." I feel they will impress those who have never been to a brew pub but I would probably describe them as the Chili's of Brew Pubs. If you are in homestead and are looking for a burger and a beer it might be a good choice for a bite  and the food's nice enough. I was admittedly left a little underwhelmed." Mostly come here for the beer and sports. Fun place!  our waitress Susan was very good. Come here for drinks and the bar food. Skip everything else."  their trivia night is super fun!" Southwest Egg rolls and Fish tacos. Mmmmmmmmm. Ohh and the AMAZING Brews! I love the whole Waterfront area....so much to do!"  so I agreed to tag along.  I'm glad I did!  Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the extensive house-brewed beer selection Came with my BF we started with the crab artichoke dip. It was very greasy and had virtually no crab. The wedge salad was good and crisp. I had the hazelnut crusted chicken. This has to be one of the worst dishes I've ever had it was like pancake syrup over breaded chicken. To finish the meal we had the homemade chocolate chip cookies served with hot fudge. Well there was no hot fudge it was chocolate syrup the ice cream was so crystallized from melting and re-freezing all around disappointing. McikHxxEqZ2X0joaRNKlaw  but not for the food. And DEFINITELY not to use the bathroom..." I think the only thing I did't like is the steak taco appetizer. It was too sour and kinda tasteless." The Cajun Pasta I ordered was just spicy enough to keep me sipping my Rock Bottom IPA. It may be a chain but I always get that microbrew restaurant feel when I'm here. They could upgrade the quality of the servers but I've never had a really bad experience with the service. I really miss the Northstar Amber but the specialty beers are always good.  Food is excellent and the service staff is friendly. Furthermore I could care less if I come back to this location.  The beers were good but hell you can get a decent IPA just about anywhere anymore.  And the underwhelming food sealed the deal.  I know this is a chain the food was delicious. portion size generous. atmosphere good. Our waitress Lindy was outstanding. Have nothing but good things to say. Would highly recommend to everyone ! Another good meal ... this time the Housemade Meatloaf. It's a blend of turkey and sausage instead of the standard ground beef. A refreshing and delicious twist on a comfort food staple. Served over cheddar mashed and mixed veggies. The server could have behaved like she wanted to be there but everyone has a bad day once in awhile. Service was prompt just the same. Overall good experience.  I will say they handled it wonderfully. Our waitress Mallory was very kind and she was quick to fix the problem. I had the salmon for the second time and it was just as amazing as it was the first time. I had one beer that's similar to a blue moon and that was good too. I would go back again!" My husband and I got here a couple times a year.    Always (except my veggies today) get great food at a decent price.   I love their side salad..... which has raisins and sunflower seeds.    Burgers are great and my husband loves their chicken Mac and cheese.   Recommend to everyone just get there early for a seat. On to the important part... Food was terrible. I had a burger and it was pathetic." The rock bottom line: Monday for lunch we had awesome service by Ashley.  We weren't rushed and it was quite.  The burgers were great and half off . The beer was very good.  We will be returning for sure."  and on point all night. Lauren (one of the managers) was reliable and pleasant throughout the entire planning process. If anyone is looking to plan an event I would highly recommend Rock Bottom. Couldn't be happier!"  we always order the sampler. I like having lots of options as far as beverages go. The wait time isn't terrible if you go a little later on a friday or Saturday night. And they most often call you before the quotes time. The desert menu is a little small I love this place! Great food and the best beer brewed on site! The bourbonzola burger is the best thing you can order here.  the music is nice and pretty mellow and the place is very spacey and the prices are pretty reasonable. And most importantly is the place seems to be kept clean at all times." NOTE: There aren't too many options for vegetarians. The veggie burger was pretty good and I'd recommend it  and the Berry Bash Sangria was delicious (if expensive). We'll be back." Overall I definitely recommend eating here if you're in the Waterfront!" "The food is standard American fare--a bit overpriced in my mind--and the beers range from mediocre to very bad.  The Klsch is the only decent beer of the bunch.  The service is good  nothing wrong with that!) you will most likely enjoy Rockbottom. The only entree I did enjoy were the lobster and shrimp enchiladas (minus the repulsive beans and rice) and the asiago crab dip as an appetizer. Otherwise It was a good experience and will most likely be back when I am around the waterfront area."  the bartenders are friendly... I love this place. Ask about their rock bottom rewards !"  and the management cares even less. I want to make sure people know how careless the management is Service is always great whether there are two or 10 of us." "This is  a ""Okay"" place to eat.  The food is nothing special.  I guess what they have going for them is the beer.  Order the  Guacamole for the starter which was okay but for $8.50 and the portion was not worth it.  Rice (Cajun Taco) was not cooked well.  Would I go there again ""maybe"".  If your into beer and watching the game  the fact that I got 2 pretzels amazed me. I ordered within 25 minutes of seating. My pretzels hit the table within minutes. The smell of the warm salt and hot cheese opened my senses. But I knew we could step this shit up  we were greeted and seated in a few seconds!  Our server was at our table within seconds even though she had a large (10 to 12 guests) Group at the table near us. We had our drinks in minutes and were checked on twice within 5 minutes. Our food came out rather quickly and was delicious! Our server was very attentive and social. As usual  especially considering how amazing the food and the service was. Rock Bottom is now on our list of favorite local restaurants and we will definitely be visiting it again in the future!" Would I revisit?  Probably; it was decent enough with many other menu options.  Keep in mind Standard issue Rock Bottom.  We ordered the nachos....they could have easily served 6 people.  I have never seen a more massive platter of food.  Bar service was okay...guy working there was nice to talk to about sports. "On a Friday I went to Rock Bottom with some friends for their happy hour which takes place from 4-6. Our server was a spunky brunette who was very attentive and even let us sample as many beers as we liked until deciding. I ultimately decided on the Pom-berry Cosmo which was excellent. I also got the ball park pretzel which is amazing. During happy hour it's only $5 and you get two big pretzels served with this delicious cheese dip. My friends got the nachos  we have eaten then before and enjoyed ourselves.  The server was a very nice person and was very attentive.  She when over the specials and took our drink order.   Going through the menu one thing that caught my eye was the BBQ Brisket Stuffed Burger.  That just sounded so good.  Unfortunately the reality didn't match the idea of the burger.  The favor of the BBQ never came through and the smoked Gouda flavor was none existent. It was like having a standard old boring burger.  I was very disappointed.  For $14 "Went to Rock Bottom at The Waterfront over the weekend with 10 adults and 3 children in high chairs. Service was good  I'm going for the beer more than the food.  Definitely worth a trip for dinner."  the food and beer aint all that bad either! Fish & Chips  we usually have dinner but lately that's not always the case. The biggest complaint is that it seems the chef is intent on putting black pepper or some type of hot spice in all menu items."  but way overpriced. Quantities are small....much smaller than the picture in the menu. The beer is average. But yes Add in the fact that this is one of a small handful of places that accepts reservations in the Waterfront - a MAJOR plus when planning big outings with friends in the area! - and you have a reliable place where a group of people can go after a movie  fish was soggy and the chips were cold and grainy.starters were comp'ed but I doubt we'd go back. Sad because it has the potential to be a home run hitter. Two stars and that's it." Definitely one of those places you could keep going back just because it's so chill and it's a great place for friends to just enjoy some drinks and eat some good food. Nothing too too spectacular by any means but satisfies the taste buds. Their apps are the best part and the highlight of the restaurant  and neither will be there again ANY time soon!!"  it was only slightly busy.  You can usually tell when an eatery is suffering by the amount of staff on a given night and the conditions of the bathroom.  The staff was overwhelmed and the bathrooms were filthy and in serious need of repairs.  Alas  I'd definitely recommend going back to check out the Street Food and new menu offerings. Service has dramatically improved Verdict:  sit at the bar for a beer if that's what you want but if you're hungry and want dinner take your chances at a table."  it is better atmosphere than you would expect.  The menu options all sound delicious  but our entrees.... disappointing.  I got the Baja chicken sandwich and he got the bison burger.   both were super dry. i could not even finish half of mine. He had to drench his in ketchup to be able to get the bison burger down. If i were to go back Our server was nice.  The beer was simple.  With new breweries and restaurants popping up in and around Homestead  and the certified angus beef tips were awful.  They were severely overcooked and the sauce they were in had no flavor.  The picture on the menu made it appear you get a good amount of tips.  However Great american style bar food with quite a lot to pick from the both the food and drink menus. They are also great at accommodating large groups and these are one of the few places that allow you to call ahead to reserve a spot. Been here plenty of times with my group and we enjoyed it every time.  but way overpriced. Quantities are small....much smaller than the picture in the menu. The beer is average. Butbyes"  its def a place worth going."  food and service. Arrived on a Wednesday night for business and sat at the bar. Bartender was attentive and nice. Food was great. I had the Bison Prairie Burger. It was cooked perfectly and the flavor and fries were great. I'll be coming here again on my next business trip."  and I LOVE their cider; it had just the right amount of kick." Sat outside. Nice space!" "They did a good job accommodating a large group. Mac N Cheese with chicken and bacon was good. In house beers were moderate and selection was limited. Good service Loved the American Blonde and gram's oat soda IPA.  Good service.    Egg rolls were very good.  Our bar tender was very attentive and helpful in selecting the beers. If your in the market for a beer or two this could be an option. They have a nice seasonal selection and it's all tap which I prefer. I also like that most of the seating is booth. On my visit the service was lack luster. I have no idea where the waitress went for half the meal and her listening skills left much to be desired. I went with a beer sampler. It was nice being able to try everything they have. I of course went with the pumpkin beer. For my main dish I had stuffed peppers which I honestly enjoyed. They had a great flavor. My only issue is the rice that came with it was a bit under cooked. If service was better and my rice was cooked I would have given this place a solid 4 stars but that unfortunately wasn't the case on this particular visit.  and the bartenders were both very nice...Bob during the day and Paul at night.  The pumpkin beer and milk stout are both awesome.  Like other reviewers stated  but enjoyed some great beers from the bar while waiting. Ordered the calamari appetizer to start which was very good. My fish and chips entree was cold McikHxxEqZ2X0joaRNKlaw I would recommend this place and if we are down that way I will definitely go back." Great selection of beers especially the seasonal ones! You won't be disappointed. The Jalapeo pretzels are dope!  but there was nothing on the salad that was listed on the menu. Not to mention the whole place smells smells like dirty mop water. The beer is still very good  but the wings were OK. The brownie dessert was a little disappointing. The brownies were dry. I also had the key lime dessert. It was OK. The service was outstanding. The atmosphere was vibrant and enjoyable. We will definitely return the next time that we are in Pittsburgh." I only ate half of my sandwich so I would have room for dessert. They have a couple of smaller desserts that are served in Mason jars. Then they have a few that are larger that you could share with 2pr 3 people. I ordered the cheesecake with caramel and toffee. Yum!!!! It was the perfect ending to a good meal."  they don't screw those up. Everything else I've been coming here a lot lately and the food is consistently good. Their burgers are great (especially the 2:00 am burger) and the staff is always friendly. I haven't tried too many of their beers but the food will keep me coming back! I hear the food is very good and will return to try it and adjust my review accordingly."  but I would go back and recommend it to others.  It is for foodies? Nope.  It is amazingly original?  Nope.  But it is good food the waiter did not even bother to ask if everything was okay. won't visit again."  Valentine's Weekend around 7 pm - Larger tables sat quicker from what I could tell when we were waiting. I was with one other person and we waited upwards of 50 minutes for a table. When we were finally sat it was by the door where it was really drafty. It was below freezing out The waitress was great. She checked in often to make sure we were comfortable. The menu is large. You're sure to find something you want to try. But it's a brewery They do offer a drink and wine selection but beer is limited to house brew only."  and we got right in and had awesome service. We tried two beer flights so we could have the entire beer menu. The flights are priced exceptionally well. We had the nachos for an appetizer  especially the chicken Mac n cheese! Everyone is still raving about it!"  the broccoli was burnt bad and I ask medium well and they sent it bloody. My boyfriend's bison burger was not that tasty either he sent it back. They sent the burnt broccoli back and I got a great salad 2 stars because the beer was good."  and then some sauce and cheese. It was so underwhelming. I wish the food could match the quality of their beer. Real bummer." This location may not have quite lived up to our expectations from the original Don't go to Rock Bottom necessarily expecting the best food you've ever had and you won't be disappointed with the experience.  What you can do though is go expecting some pretty damn good beer.  Do that and you won't be disappointed." Food was very good and reasonably priced. Had great draft choices. I would recommend going early especially on the weekends or sit in the bar area. Very crowded and noisy  and the beer is flowing.  Nice option when in the Waterfront area."  horrible food.   Was served freezing cold enchiladas and pizza.   The enchiladas were supposed to be chicken and had two tiny strips of chicken and I'm talking minuscule.   Rice was still cold when it was served a second time a half hour later.   Manager apologized and waitress offered us something while we waited for our food for the second time.   I don't know whose fault it was Never again will I eat at Friday's.  I will Haven't been to TGIFridays for years and was never really a huge fan. I get tired of going to the same places all the time for lunch so we decided to try it out. I must say that I was very impressed with how extensive the menu was and all of the delicious options. I had the two for $10 lunch special with French onion soup and terriakyi glazed chicken strips. I was told that the broccoli soup is very thick so I opted for the French onion. It was okay but I think that I would get a salad instead of the soup next time. The chicken strips were wonderful and I am still craving them. The portion was huge and there were leftovers. My co-workers ordered the Jack Daniels Sampler and burgers and were jealous at the portion and choices from the pick two. The service was good and we had no issues. I will definitely be back. This place.. Is ok if ur grabn something quick .. But they do have a great happy hour tho Boo!  What happened to this location?  It used to be happy and fun!  It just feels depressing and nearly everyone there is just doing the bare minimum to get by?  So sad. I would return here for lunch like I did today." I'd recommend the TGI Fridays out in South Hills Village over this one any day."  but I enjoy the Yucatan Salad it's delicious. My children love Fridays it's usually there 1st choice. I also love the Cajun Chicken & Shrimp Pasta very very good."  was very attentive.  I asked for celery in my bloody mary.  Not only did it come with a celery stalk in it I had a gift card so I decided to use it for a to go order. The food tasted frozen and microwaved. Nothing special just around average!  which very overdone and dry. Had to drown it in mayo to get moisture in it.  My friend ordered nachos and what arrived looked like they had broken some taco shells down the middle  the restaurant was not even close to busy and my section of about 5-6 tables was ignored."  but admit that they wouldn't be my first choice so much as a solid back-up plan for when other Waterfront eateries are super busy."  when you walk in the restaurant has a very stale grease smell that permeates throughout the restaurant I was sad to see how far down the quality of food had gone.  Thankfully our server did a nice job." The potstickers were very hot when they were first served and after awhile Quite possibly the worst service and seating arrangement known to mankind. I cannot believe this restaurant is actually redesigned to accommodate bigger crowds better. The wait staff didn't even acknowledge our party  of 9. When they did they seated us at 2 different tables because they couldn't figure out how to accommodate us. See my attached photo of how absurd the situation was because they weren't even busy. I called ahead so we didnt have a long wait. I checked in when i got there recieved text from them as well as downloaded the no wait tip. All was working until we had one in front and nothing socthey sat 4 more tables and we ask and they dropped my reservation. Luckily the lady at the booth saw my text from them and cleaned a table and sat us right away but that was pretty frustrating being 9 months pregnant w a 6 yr old and my mother in law w back problems and having to stand there when we should have been seated. Otherwise the food was great i got endless apps and it was so filling for the money. Service was excellent we had Ed and we was really great made the experience very pleasant so thank you to him. Overall good experiance other than the reservation experiance and FILTHY bathrooms!! That is all.  Thank you."  why was my pot sticker appetizer in my beer? I did not find this funny at all!" "Was there today and never disappointed service is always high above average! You get waited on fast and was not disappointed with the waiters or waitresses. They leave you alone while you eat and just come by and grab your drink and refill it  etc... The menu has really great seafood selections and is printed daily.  But here's what's great about this place: after 4pm you can get ""small plates"" at the bar for $3 each My aunt and I went there today for Mother's day.  I think we must have gotten the lunch menu because everything looked pretty cheap (I've been to the one in Columbus).  My aunt had a chicken dinner (grilled chicken  their signature is too salty for my liking. Bread is mmmgood and hot (free). Staff is very  accommodating ie you can request to sample a soup and the servers are pleased to do so. I recommend you try their soups like the seafood gumbo. A bowl of this creamy delight goes a long way...bonus they toss in those little hexagonal oyster crackers as  reminds me of my youth on Long Island's south shore (but that's another story). Salads a bit skimpy and somewhat pricey (approx. $7.95 for basic house salad). Bottom line is Mitchell's at the Waterfront is well worth taking the splash for if you really like a nice seafood dinner." They also have a three course fixed price option last I went that was a great value. I think it was $20 person for lunch."  you won't do better than this.  Enjoy!" The food was reasonably priced for lunch.  Dinner would obviously be more expensive but I imagine it's worth the $." The fish was fresh. My mom's chilean sea bass shanghi style came with sticky rice and spinach. The sea bass had nice texture and was reasonably priced. My lobster and shrimp pappardelle had more shrimp than I expected. My desert was creme brulee usSROUMiAgPcxV3Ym0OxMQ  very tasty and savory. It complimented the bacon and egg on the wedge. The cousin ordered the carrot cake for dessert and it was easily a pound slice. I tasted a little bite and must say it's the best carrot cake I've ever tasted. The cream cheese frosting was more buttery than ""cheesy"" This place has great seafood. The best in the area. I come here for seafood every time. Everything on their menu is good. Their menu changes all the time depending on what was in season. Appetizers are amazing like the raw oysters.  Their clam chowder is the best. Really creamy with lots of clams. Wonderful restaurant. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. We love coming to this restaurant. Don't forget a reservation on weekends. You will not get a table and will probably wait an hour or two if you don't have one. We never get to the dessert. Always too full to eat dessert.   Forgot to take pictures.  it's probably one of your better options.  Healthier and fresher than most of the other choices.  And the atmosphere is great  great meal!  They had an excellent selection of seafood  grapefruit juice and vodka (I forget the name). SO refreshing! the basil was flavorful and tasted awesome with the grapefruit juice. The second he got was a frothy pineapple-vodka with a huge fresh chunk of pineapple inside. Both were winners. I stuck with a fairly priced white wine but got to test his fun drinks :) The app we got was the Hawaiian Seared Ahi Tuna and it was delicious as well. It was a pretty decent size to split  and service was excellent (Thanks Melisa for history lessens!). Seafood including Oysters were fresh and well prepared. Price was reasonable for ""Prefix"" menu including scrumptious dessert.  What an evening to end a fantastic summer day in Pittsburgh." OVERALL: We liked the variety and freshness of seafood. Def a place we'd consider going to again  but sometimes I am just in the mood for that lobster bisque!" My wife's steak came out rare despite asking for medium but they took it back and recooked it to a perfect medium level. We will def be back."  I got some seafood gumbo to go and I won't do that again. Seemed like it didn't have any seafood in it."  and it was probably the best fish I have ever tried. Listened to other yelpers suggestion of the shang hai preparation  serve us in our private room for a party of 8.  The food and drinks were good and we woud return."  I would prefer McCormick's or Ruth's Chris." ylIgegaQaJOjL4_lH2EkFA Service an atmosphere was great. I had the shrimp boil and it was very under-seasoned. Much closer to bland than anything.  with very little seasoning. I have a very low sodium tolerance and yet I still found this fish to be made too bland. The rice was entirely uncooked and it made crunching sounds as I took my first bite. I talked to the waitress and she offered to bring out another side. It wasn't the same. The whole dish was a fail and I don't think I am ever coming back again :(" VERY DISAPPOINTING experience.   Will not be returning."  they need petite green beans.  Potato skin had grit in the mashed.  Why 1 star?  The price was close to Capital Grille  the were very good along with a pint of Guinness. Recommended."  so it is a nice place to go to have a quiet meal with someone special." I went here for dinner as i wanted to have a nice dinner. The tuna was excellent. I asked for it grilled and it came out perfect. The only issue is that the raspberry tea does not have free refills but the unsweetened ice tea is free. I was VERY pleased with the dessert as the chocolate cake was very good. The waiters were top notch.  the place was maybe half full. We were seated and when it finally occurred to us that no one had been to the table at all to ask about drinks or even bring water "The service was mostly friendly but I was disappointed in my meal. My meal was way over cooked. The soda was flat and the carbonation needed changed and I felt like we inconvenienced our server by asking for new ones.  Overall  but the prices were pretty high and the portions were on the small side. The desserts were the high point of the meal for me. I got the ""shark fin"" pie and it was really good. The waitress thought I wouldn't be able to finish it... but I showed her. Take that  but will order something different.   We liked it."  my only reason for not giving it a five star review was that there was too much time in between our courses. There was probably a good 40 minutes that passed between our salads and our entrees. That's a little long for me when I'm at a brunch. Usually I don't eat a breakfast if I'm going to something like that  over cooked. The samon was good. Shrimp had no flavor. I will say the service was the best. Our waiter was great!!" absolutely delicious. wonderful service. "We had a bigger party and I think that might have flustered the waitresses just a bit. They forgot about our waters until the food came out Very very good chain family restaurant. I had their yellowfin tuna steak shanghai style and it was great. Service was excellent and the party of 5 I was with swore they could eat there every week as the menu was extremely diverse. It's hard for me to give a chain 5 5 but this is pretty close.  Peanut and Gramma (she goes often).  Solid wine selection and Gramma says they make a good Margarita.  We all enjoyed all of our food as well.  Great view of the Mon too." Beautiful decor. Very genuine staff. Very clean washrooms. Delicious food. I tried the market trio. The blackened tilapia was nice with a little bit of spice. This is a great place for a seafood lover. Only negative was a few overly salted bites. But as someone who is a salt minimalist. That could purely be my palate only." "The tuna was enjoyable and the service was prompt. The house Chardonnay was buttery and was a good compliment to the fish. It was a Tuesday night so the place was busy but not crowded. Since I wasn't ""wowed"" by the place I won't give it 5 stars but I had no dissatisfaction to speak of. I will be back (if I'm not across the street at the Rock Bottom Brewery)." Cons: None on this visit or any previous visits"  and surprisingly the steak is amazing as well. Clam chowder is rich and creamy-- perfect thickness! Love their salads as well. Definitely recommend this place for a date night :) pricey? Definitely I would most definitely come back again and if I lived in the area Good quality food here. The clam chowder was excellent and so was the tuna appetizer and the Americana seafood plate loaded with shrimp and scallops in a creamy spinach sauce with small potatoes. I'd go here again if possible.  I ordered the lobster and tenderloin skewers.  My lobster was underdone.  The server was amazing and replaced the lobster tail even though I had eaten most of it.  Then  I would say it's several notches above the other chain restaurants.  The chef here seems to add some creativity to the menu  Crispy Ginger cod & rainbow trout. Everyone is happy about the dish. They have music every Thursday I'm sure it's much busier for dinner but I find Mitchell's to be an excellent place for a business lunch or just meeting friends.  I've been here for brunch as well and had an excellent Bloody Mary and eggs benedict with crab." "Went for dinner Friday evening with friends and sat at the outdoor patio. It is so nice and relaxing there with the river and bike trail. The sourdough bread they serve is always hot and fresh. The Chilean sea bass just melts in your mouth  which to me is the best cake anywhere in town.  A must go for anyone looking for an amazing meal and excellent service. But be sure and ask for Kennedy Have been here a few times. The wait staff is always top notch and food is very good. I had the steak and lobster tail. Steak was a perfect medium rare and the lobster was also cooked well. Oysters as an app. they appeared fresh and tasted how they should. Overall like in the past we had a great experience at mitchells which is not something I always expect from a chain. I definitely recommend this restaurante." Excellent fresh seafood. Good vegetables. Good service. Best place to eat on Waterfront. Overall I'm always underwhelmed and overcharged here. I guess with chain places you get that Will definitely bring my bf here in the future." We were here for a Thanksgiving meet-up event with 69 other people.  The room was a little small and it ended up being too loud too but the staff really pulled it off overall.  It's a tough thing to do.  It wasn't perfect for sure but the food was surprisingly good and came out hot and fresh.  Nicely done."  but I simply can't recommend going here due to the poor selection of vegan items."   but no idea where they were from.  For $2.50 each you'd think they'd say.  Waitstaff friendly but inexperienced when it came to wine.  We taught two of them how to open a champagne bottle.  Nice time out I'd go back because the fish was that good" Good. One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Went yesterday with family and enjoyed oysters(very fresh). I always like appetizers more than their entrees "One of our favorite special occasion restaurants. Five stars for atmosphere. We enjoy the patio and the dining room. The food is superb and the service is also very good. Birthday and anniversary desserts on the house but no hassles like singing or incessant questions about the reason for your visit. One pointer  don't go on Valentines without a reservation usSROUMiAgPcxV3Ym0OxMQ  the meal was good. I would love to say I would go back but I doubt it."  that turned out awesome.. we also ordered cedar plank trout which didn't disappoint either.. overall  but this was a seriously weak restaurant. Don't know why I expected western PA to offer up the goods Way to pricey for 2 scallops and pasta."  who was actually wonderful felt terrible and knew something had gone wrong when she saw the other table served before us and then us short a plate.  She spoke to her manager several times and asked him to talk to us.  When he finally did he told me he was sorry and that I should have told him sooner so he could fix it???  He was very rude to us.  Offered us a free dessert. I told him he couldn't possibly think I was going to pay for inedible food. He begrudgingly took  the price of 2 of the less expensive entrees off the bill.  I had been looking forward to this holiday meal for weeks.  His poor management skills and rude behavior ruined our holiday.  I will never go back.  Stephen Gray  and this was the first time in my life that I had swordfish and it was moist and tasty. They have a signature way of steaming their fish (if you ask for it this way) with ginger Would give a 3.5 if I could."  the service we experienced was terrible. We sat at our table for 10-15 minutes before anyone even noticed we were there. Keep in mind  so I reordered a different steamed shrimp and scallops dish which was much better- 5 larger shrimp and 5 sea scallops over spinach and veggies with a soy sauce on the side - very nice but wish they had drained the ingredients better so they didn't end up on a soupy broth.  Having waited tables in a high end seafood restaurant through graduate school I am tempted to attributing this experience to Monday night  who was actually wonderful felt terrible and knew something had gone wrong when she saw the other table served before us and then us short a plate.  She spoke to her manager several times and asked him to talk to us.  When he finally did he told me he was sorry and that I should have told him sooner so he could fix it???  He was very rude to us.  Offered us a free dessert. I told him he couldn't possibly think I was going to pay for inedible food. He begrudgingly took  the price of 2 of the less expensive entrees off the bill.  I had been looking forward to this holiday meal for weeks.  His poor management skills and rude behavior ruined our holiday.  I will never go back.  manager of Mitchells in Homestead  I had shrimp as part of my entree. Mitchells is a perfect two for two at FORGETTING TO DE-VEIN the shrimp. First time I ate there two of my shrimp were not de-veined. Second time there was one (I only had two). If you order shrimp take a good look at it. The management has been very apologetic and helpful both times. They truly cared."  we had dinner here since it was convenient to the hotel. Food was good as usual but we ended up with a young man who had not been a waiter for very long. Brought us a bottle of Cabernet when we ordered a bottle of Chardonnay.  Told us he had never opened a bottle of wine before. Expected better service at a place like Mitchell's." i really like this place....nice ambiance.  The food is well seasoned and the seafood is fresh.  The wait staff is particularly good. The only thing that slightly sullied it for me is that it was too dark. I love atmosphere but I was almost asleep before the food came out." sorry to see this place go down hill.  have many memories of better times.  may not ever go back.  looking for a new place in the area."  nonexistent management and the worst service I have experienced in a long while. As a server myself I am pretty forgiving but the (non)service ruined a $150 meal and Mitchell's management couldn't care less." I am never disappointed when visiting this restaurant!! The food and the quality service is second to none!!  scallops- Super fresh and melted in my mouth.  My husband's dish ordered the Shrimp and Crab Cakes and he hummed  yum to every bite he ate.  Unfortunately service and excellent service should go hand and hand.  If only the head manager who was consistently walking around to various tables talking to patrons would have stop at our table we could have given him the scoop about our lack of service.  On well." This location has outdoor seating that overlooks the river."  I'd have given it 4.5 stars.  This last visit brought it down.   Here's hoping that whatever changed  I said pay! The company wants you to pay for a membership! Why should a loyal customer pay to be rewarded for being LOYAL??? Why would anyone even pay for such lousy food? The place is not even kept up anymore. The atmosphere has become dingy and even the dish my $30 + meal came out on felt grimy!!! My silver was even wrapped in torn linens! Where is the management? How can they allow such expensive meals to go out on dirty dishes? Where has my wonderful night out gone? I use to look forward all week to when having a night out here. Now I don't even want to drive past! Even the staff is miserable anymore. Everyone use to be so pleasant and welcoming "Last night was my first visit to Mitchell's and I was really looking forward to some great seafood.  I am sorry to say I did not get it.  I ordered the crab stuffed shrimp and was disappointed.  There were five very small shrimp on the plate.  The shrimp were dry and overcooked.  The crab stuffing was mostly stuffing.  All I tasted was breading.  I didn't see a piece of lump crab anywhere.  The best part of the meal was the bread and butter.  I was with a party of 12 people and I was surprised to see such small portions on the others plates.  For the prices at this place  along with a little helpfulness. If you aren't having a good day They we're so accommodating for my daughter that doesn't like seafood. The food and service was very good. "I love eating in the beautiful river setting (though it is right by where the bloody Homestead Steel Strike took place in 1892).  I would have given this place a higher rating based on past visits.  But my most recent experience was not quite as good.  The waitress spoke too fast  although their presentations are nice. I've been a couple of times and haven't had anything I'd be excited about. Basically a safe usSROUMiAgPcxV3Ym0OxMQ  but $3.25 is simply ridiculous. Especially when the food kinda sucks. And I read other reviews and the decor is not classy. It's like it's trying to be classy Overall I had a very good experience! It would have been very great if it weren't for the over cooked shrimp. I'd definitely go back This place is fantastic! If you are a frequent traveler and looking for FRESHLY made food this is the place!! It's a quick walk from the hotels next door.  Highly recommend! Mitchells is a great place to get fresh seafood vs some of those national chain places. I have been there 6 times and never had a bad meal. It is a little more expensive but worth it. Chillean sea bass was $35 which is in line with other places that have it. Talapia is about $27. The atmosphere reminds me of some of the seafood places at the ocean. "Ate here last night...fantastic food & service!! From apps to dinner to dessert everything was top notch! The only place comparable was an old seaside joint I used to frequent down near Delaware...that says something!! The crab spinach dip was different than mine but still very good...I had the Mitchell's market side trio and cleaned the plate...she had some Asian inspired girlie thing and it too was very good!! We shared some dessert thing with banana bread pudding I was there yesterday and ate in one of the booths at the bar. I have been there many times but last night was very disappointing the server was bad. I have been a sever for 34 years and still do so for me to complain since I'm in the business must mean something. Granted I understand your busy but so unfriendly and unattrntive . We never got bread and when asked he threw it in table and kept walking never once stopped for one second even check on us or even introduce himself. When I would go to ask a question or for something he was gone before I even got to finish. It was very upsetting to go out with my 82 year old mother and be treated so poorly.  Last time I'll ever sit in bad booths if that's the way the service is there. Quality food is low my shrimp and scallops were bland  and overcoat it came out about 10 minutes after the first dinner was served I think it was just  left under the heat lamps.  My wife's dish came out completely wrong Manager did not charge us for those two meals but it still seem very expensive.  they were served luke warm at best. Portions we also very small. Bottom line is that it wasn't bad for an average restaurant but for what you are going to pay it is NOT worth it at all. I was so disappointed. We will never be back. The 3rd star is only for how tasty the smashed potatoes where The initial experience was setting the stage for an irritating evening but once we were sat the service from our waitress and quality of food quickly made up for the early mishap."  the decor is nice and clean. The food is excellent and the service is very good. I would say it's slightly expensive in most people's opinion though. I would absolutely recommend this place and plan to come back myself sometime." The cod with lobster Oscar topping is a prime example. The bernaise sauce is not very good  I suppose waiting for me to greet myself. No 'Hello' no 'may I help you?' Finally a curt 'have you been helped?' to which we responded 'no'. The hostess brusquely grabbed two menus  I really enjoyed my meal and time at Mitchells.  The fish was as noted very tasty Great restaurant for seafood and special occasions"  which definitely enhanced the experience (though don't count on that part being reliable in Pittsburgh...).  My dings against the place are mostly minor (e.g.  were we disappointed!!!!!  The near-empty parking lot at 8:00 PM on a Friday was the first clue. The misunderstandings about the reservation and being treated accusingly by the front greeters who were arguing with each other was the second clue.  The lack of availability of the first 3 choices we made from the menu was the third clue.  The shoe really dropped when the food came.  Both my blackened cod So check this place out my yelpers"  haven't been there in years until now and I remember why I avoided this place." We enjoyed this place on our first visit. Today we made the mistake showing up on a late Sunday afternoon. Nobody at all in the front. A few uninterested waiters wandering in back. We finally sat at the bar only to have the bartender disappear for 15 minutes. We finally just walked out to go elsewhere. Bottom line: if you're not read for customers then just close the place until dinner service begins. UBGit0gO1uZADXu7jjqbyg  since we've had a grand ole time and good food in past visits." The 7 ounce house sirloin is the bomb! 'Nuff said.  see Nucc. He's great." I stop here when I want a change of pace and want to save a few dollars on a lunch." "Pretty good performance by the Applebee's in Robinson a few days ago. We ordered our food after 10pm four cheese mac and chees with honey pepper chicken is bomb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! "I went here for lunch and got the grilled cajun chicken sandwich and salad This may be a good spot to hit up before after a Pirates or Steelers game because of its proximity to both stadiums  drinks and tv.  Might be a better hang out spot if the weather is crummy. But I prefer to tailgate.  It'd be a good spot to watch the game if you did not have a ticket and tailgated with your friends." Friendly service & reasonable prices!" "I've had lunch at the Clark bar and Grill about 10 times. Consistently good service and food.  There are a few restaurants on the north shore to eat lunch  is wonderfully attentive and friendly. The whole place is clean and holds a very proud pittsburgh feel to it... just a lovely and affordable place." I'd recommend this place to any out-of-towner or anyone going to see a ball game or show on the North Shore. I give it a solid 4 stars for ambiance  horrible service. I'm really not sure how this place manages to stay in business." Thanks Clark Bar & Grill . ...this yinzer is looking forward to her next visit.." Thanks Clark Bar and Grille!" All in All- check this place out if you are in the area and need to grab a cold one." Last but definitely not least...there's free fresh popcorn in the back.  Boom." Great local watering hole with excellent wings!  we got stiff drinks for cheap. WOW! I wouldn't mind coming back here just to hang out if we're in town again. Only thing is it's cash only. Good thing we still had some handy."  with seafood chowder being my favorite.  I always ended up ordering way too much food because it is so reasonable priced.  We'd spend $30 tip included (always at 25% because that's what a good waitress deserves) and leave with boxes of food! Definitely a place to be checked out!!!" Great bar! Very comforting!"  but they're like chick wings they're so mini.  The thing that turns me off the most about this place is they have cardboard disposable bowls for their complimentary popcorn - however they get upset if u try and use it to put wing bones or other things in it because they insist on wiping out & reusing the disposable bowls. Disgusting & totally unsanitary IMO. If they insist on reusing those  I want this to be my local hang out bar. My service in sitting at the table or being served by the woman I presume is the owner has been great. The food is amazing. The prices are great. Don't let me down My friend had a steak which looked and smelled delicious. She confirmed that it was." the bartender was great. Very friendly and made us feel welcome. Other customers were nice and we enjoyed talking with them. Homemade soups were so good we took some to go...and Philly Cheese steak was great. Not even one complaint."  the lighting is a bit on the darker side (as most bars are) but you get to the back you can seat yourself and the waitress comes over and gets the drinks.  Alcohol is very Racism at it's finest.  The owner refuses to take care of black people. I was appalled when I witnessed that myself. I'll never go there again. tasty and the fries were very good as well. With the Reubens my boyfriend ordered the fries were a fresh cut variety and different than my fries. The Reuben was also yummy. As a big fan of fries it was interesting to see both types. Service was fast and unobtrusive. Cash only and reasonably priced as well. We'll be going back as it's right in our neighborhood can't beat that!"  and decor that looks like your grandparents' basement. Good stuff."  despite that I selfishly want to keep it a secret.  If too many people started showing up it would lose that delicate balance of remaining just busy enough but never too crowded to have a good time.  The food is always great and the prices are super affordable.  True wan0X-oHpLgGTPXqaICZCw  steaks came out wrong and she made us pass out drinks to each other.  It was busy but at times couldn't find her. The rest of the wait staff seemed irritated and I had to get another waitress to find ours because she was sitting having a conversation with the table a few down from us.  If you want decent bar find you may as well make yourself a drink and burger at home and call it a night out instead of waisting your time with this place."  and comes from a local farm in Butler.  The freshness really shows in the taste.  It's breaded with a cornmeal batter  now closed) was diagonally across the street from it. I actually have mostly bad memories of drunken friends fighting and or confrontations here  this is the one that seems to always get it right. The food is a little better than your average family resturant or diner fare  I helped myself to A LOT of samples over the years to be a complete Eat n' Park expert!"  Eat'n Park is always a guaranteed hit! With the signature smiley face cookie (which can be ordered online! In seasonal variations!) to the huge menu Best eat n park there is!!! The service is great & the food really good!!!!!" Mediocre and poorly made! You can get better quality food from Mcdonalds don't waste your time or money "I would give this eat n park location zero stars if I could. I arrived at 11:15am and was seated quickly but that was about it. My waitress did not come over until 11:41. I did not receive water or any service for 26 minutes.  That is outrageous to me Cliff Notes version: dining at Eat'n Park is kind of like going to Denny's but without the shame." "We come here a LOT and are usually quite happy. The fried pickles are ridiculously good!! Decent off street parking I wouldn't recommend this spot to anyone keep driving"  and tastes as good as diner food should.   Requests for condiments are honored which is nice. Sometimes we get servers that will not be attentive or keep our drinks refilled and that can be annoying.   We keep going back though.  I recommend downloading their mobile app to get various periodic coupons." Eat n Park is a Pittsburgh staple. They have locations all over the Burgh. Today we stopped in for lunch. I totally went old school and ordered a Tuna Melt with a side of fries. The bread was nicely toasted. The cheese was melty. There was a nice scoop of tuna on each half.   Not 5 star but it met the yearning I had for comfort food. I also ordered a piece of chocolate cream pie. It was quite tasty and the perfect way to end lunch. "This is usually my favorite late night hot spot. And tonight the waitress was a real gem "Ordered their super burger special with fries & a drink for pick-up. My food was done on time & still hot. When I called to order the lady I spoke to was very polite Service was very good. Meal clocked in around $15 with tip which I think is 3 or 4 too high. Much more extensive menu than Denny's along with a bar if you happen to need a late night fill up."  and little attention to detail.   We recieved the wrong order due to the server's error.   No compensatory effort was made.   not even a free dessert after waiting an ""EXTRA"" 2 hours.   Bottomline  aided greatly by the happy hour appetizer discount.  I have no interest in going to Applebee's again because I can get better burgers "Consistent service @ the bar w Chuck pouring drafts and mixing up fruity delights. Decent food - don't expect great. Lots of under 500 calorie and Weight Watcher items. Several tv's to watch games. You'll find everyone from book-reading wives that didn't want to cook to laborers grabbing a cheap steak & a few cold ones to huge celebrations filling many tables. It's a great community asset for many.  The Ritz h3la53L9-OX_HlfeAySh0Q Nothing special. Precooked meals that taste microwaved.  one chain restaurant is just like the rest but I have had nothing but problems here. The staff appears to be constantly changing as does the managers which should tell you something. I've been there for lunch and dinner and continue to have issues. Here are just some of the problems that we have had: a co-worker had an entire glass of iced tea dropped on him and nothing was comped on his check; we have had to wait a very long time for our orders to be taken; I ordered the pick 2 and was told that the soup could not possibly come out first(even though I've done this before); they have argued with us over what the meal is supposed to come with to the point of us showing them a picture; and staff does not appear to be properly trained."  but the wait and the mistakes make it highly unlikely we will never return to this location."  I wasn't impressed. It took me 20 mins to find something (partly because I'm picky). But I ended up with the chicken broccoli alfredo  our server.   He informed us of the late night appetizers  Pittsburgh Rare. I asked for medium rare. He returns and I tell him that the chef needs to go back to culinary school and learn how to prepare a steak. The manager apologizes again and asks me if I want to take this pathetic piece of beef home with me! Not only is it rare but it's a cheap cut of strip steak that is loaded with connective gristle. I said no thanks. He comped my husband's meal and we left. I never hope for people to lose their jobs but the cook and the server really need some serious retraining! I will never go back to this Applebee's again."  we went at 11:30 on a Friday (they're open until 1am) and he didn't try and shuffle us out or anything  and sit on hold for 15+ minutes only to find out it was because they didn't have anyone manning the phone. The last time they didn't include an entree we'd ordered Came here for lunch with my cousin. The hostess Lay in our waitress Tia  (I believe that was her name) are very nice and accommodating to us. Before our food came out an emergency came in would have to leave. Tia had our food packed and ready to go within minutes. Thank you Even when this place was slammed the drinks were coming fast and service was good. has plenty of room and although I didn't eat there they do have food." Cigarette smoke is way too heavy in here. I would like to support this local business more often but the smoke reminds me of a steel mill.  but the people who work here are great. This is my favorite one!"  I will always go to Boston Market if given the choice." She also forgot to include my cornbread. This place would do well to hire people who enjoy working with the public." "I wish I didn't have to give even 1 star. Horrible service. I ordered family dinner for 4 plus 2 extra sides. I got sighs and eye rolls from the cook and the girl waiting on me. I got home and no extra sides. I paid for them but they didn't put them in the bag. I called and was told that they would send me a card for family dinner for 3 since they charged me for items not received. I called again on July 2nd as they never sent anything. I spoke with Autumn who advised me that she was a manager and would send out a gift card as previously promised. Still have not received. So if you choose this location make sure to check your order because they love to charge you for items you won't receive and have no follow through. I would be happy to get my 10.00 back. This started on June 24th. Terrible servce. We went there at least 1x a month and had no problem spending money I don't remember Boston Market going that far above and beyond standard fast food service... not sure of this is new company mandate or if it's just this location Love this place for it's food. The service was superbly helpful in ordering and humorous personalities  to boot. Can't wait 'til my next visit!  people were nice but not overly nice.  The only super weird thing was there were no napkin dispensers and no trash cans for patrons.  You had to ask for napkins and you were supposed to leave your garbage for the employees to pick up.  It was kind of strange.  I feel like every restaurant should have at least one garbage can in the dining room."  and this place did the trick. 22-ounce Yuenglings for $4? My kind of place. There were plenty of sports on the tellie  I tried the soup and 1 2 sandwich combo.  The soup was delicious and it sure didn't taste canned.  The 1 2 chicken sandwich on rye was very fresh too.  Good  I figured they'd just have macros.  I ordered a 60 minute IPA and a double-decker corned beef pastrami Reuben.  The sandwich was amazing - fresh bread EDIT: :PERMANENTLY CLOSED"  inside there is a full bar with a restaurant and tables. The food is pretty good bar food and it's a karaoke hot-spot on Saturday nights. The karaoke crowd is pretty diverse and if you are really lucky you may catch Abba singing the Dawson's Creek theme song. Waitstaff is nice as well. 5 stars for the recovery room."  and it was just right.  Everything from fresh feta and olives to spanakopita and grape leaves.  Nico's is on Friendship Ave and very close to the hospital (hence the 'recovery room').  I look forward to checking out the Saturday Karaoke to see what Pittsburgh local vocals will produce."  the wood walls are kinda awesome.  It's a great place to grab a few drinks with a pal and hunker down in a booth for a low-key evening." Now the karaoke crowd was pretty fun...mostly hipsters with a few good singers but mostly people trying to be funny with their song choice. The karaoke host was just lame. He was an older guy tQpYnf3P3Q_OQLYYJvlV-A Karaoke disciples mixed with fat guys singing 'Billie Jean'" But the dives in Pittsburgh are all pretty much maintaining the smoking thing Long live the old school joints in Pittsburgh  there is someone else there now and we think he's pretty great.  :-)  If he doesn't have a song that you want  Yeungling on tap--quintessential Pittsburgh. The fried fish (with fries and coleslaw) is Lenten-Catholic quality. If I minded cigarette smoke The only thing that I really dislike is that you can smoke in the bar."  you WILL come home smelling like an ashtray."  but there is no funner night that grabbing some pitchers with a group of friends and making a fool out of yourself behind a mic. And this is the perfect place for it. By no means is this a place for upscale cocktails with the coworkers: we're talkin cheap beer  I would recommend Nico's for a fun night of karaoke and cheap drinks with friends!" Curly haired male bartender intentionally added $20 of drinks to my tab. When I confronted him he blamed the extra drinks on my friends who hadn't been drinking those things in the first place." It is just a standard bar to me.  If you want no frills beer and bar food  and I'm pretty sure it was only by pure chance that I came in on a night where no one was smoking near me; if the place had been any busier I'd've had to leave just so I could breathe normally  but might just bypass all things deep fried." I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. -Florence Nightingale" At the higher end of the dive bar world you have Nico's. I say higher end because it's not as dank as most. It's older but has so much character (and I'm not just referring to the patrons). It's a neighborhood joint with stand up comedy and karaoke. Good food. The gyros are as good as any you'd get at a Greek restaurant. Nice little bar. The crowd ranges from millennials and hipsters to old timers and bikers. Eclectic mix of people. They have karaoke Saturday nights if you're into that sort of thing." Gets very crowded during the dinner rush hour so expect to wait between 6-8 pm."  smoky....you might wait a while if you go during prime time dining....and i think they break hearts on sundays (e.g. closed)"  crotchety regulars) were it not for the world-famous burgers.  All testament to why you must go. Now."  a nice ambiance (a bar with a tin ceiling) and even a bit of view of the street and hills. And alcohol."  all served on a fresh-baked bun....well worth $9.50 and the month that mother probably took off my life.  I was also impressed that they actually cooked it to my specification; when I order a rare burger at most places  and cooked perfectly (although I wish I had ordered a burger after reading all these reviews!).  My friends got the 1 2 chicken and the salmon special We cannot believe what a jewel this is and the pleasure you get eating their fine food !!!  You must not miss it !!"  enjoy a drink and start schmoozing. Good conversation starters are the Steelers kicking ass or the Pirates being shitty." You will most likely have to wait to get a table. And sometimes they will decide to close randomly. We called ahead and they said they seat the last table at 11:00. We got there with 10 minutes to spare and they refused us saying they had shut down the grill. That was kind of annoying considering we did phone ahead and they don't really take reservations."  and probably Pittsburgh's closest equivalent of RJ Grunts in terms of good burgers."  soup and veggies are all yummy too.  Wish I didn't have to wait so long to get in  maybe I'm missing what makes it ""a classic."" I ate here for a bunch of business lunches   dinners (oooh! Let's go to Tessaro's! It's a Pittsburgh Classic!) and was consistently confused. Food = fine. Atmosphere = fine. It's a solid three stars  I feel the need to re-iterate just how great these burgers are.  After a very long night I woke up in my hotel room feeling the effects of the previous night.  Had a friend in from Delaware and he actually suggested we go after seeing it featured on the food network.  We were there before they opened and actually waited for them to unlock the doors.  I had a gourmet burger cooked perfectly.  The meat had a ton of flavor and it was grilled perfectly.  The  hash browns were a nice change than fries and the coleslaw actually tasted great and wasn't just a ""throw away"" side.  My friend chose a burger with no cheese or condiments just to savor the burger in it's pure form.  True to the hype my friend declared what I'm sure has been spoken many times that this is the ""best burger he's ever had""." Tessaro's is incredible. Best burgers in the city hands down! Servers were older and ours was friendly and helpful!  Go and have yourself one of the best burgers you will ever have in your life and add a hot homemade bowl of soup to your check "I went here after reading all the great reviews here on yelp. I was not disappointed and I don't believe my companion was either. It was a Friday night around 9 and the place was packed. We got right in and was seated in less than a minute.Our server came right to us for our drink order. We both ended up ordering burgers "A steakhouse in Bloomfield.  Went there on a Saturday night looking for a good burger.  It was a little crowded.  The burger was large and very tasty.  The buns need a lot of work.  There was no bread or anything beforehand and no appetizers on the menu.   No drink list either  is usually around and sometimes chats with the patrons.  The servers are attentive and friendly like most Pittsburghers.  It's a great neighborhood restaurant and a place I'd actually go so far as to recommend to out of towners it's that good."  for lunch on a Saturday and was not disappointed. I knew from the smell outside of the building that it was gonna be fantastic eats. We were happy with the service also. We had a party of six and did not have to wait. We will go back again and again and again..."  they screwed up my order giving me just a plain ol' burger instead much rarer than I cared for and they forgot my chips. By then  and this time I ordered a burger.  It was an exceptionally good burger (I had the bacon bleu burger)  atmosphere awesome.  I hadn't been here in years and I have had dinner here twice in the past month.  Definitely need to put this place on regular rotation.  I even think this would be a good place to come for a drink.  And I just learned that Mondays are Mexican night - I had a burrito for $5. But as my fellow guests pointed out  be prepared to be stuffed."  this place is ""it"".  Go no further.  You won't be disappointed." vgXE1I7c9ElcfYyZfQiN1Q  bacon & blue cheese).  Make sure to get the home fries - they're worth the extra Lipitor you'll probably need after the dinner."  as other restaurants claim ""second best burger in town"" in deference."  you will not be disappointed.  I highly recommend checking it out." The service was good and homely."  I still think about the burgers here... tastiest burgers in the world. I plan to make Tessaro's my #1 restaurant stop when I return to visit to PGH. Restaurant itself can be a little noisy "Putting lamb in your burger is not my idea of 'gourmet' burger. Sure it tastes unique I'd go back if a friend wanted to go I recommend you try Tessaro's at least once  unless you like fries with your burger. If that is the case you better look elsewhere. Not a fry to be found I find home fries a poor substitute with a burger. Just my two cents." Bacon blue burger though was worth the trip.  I don't see myself going back very often." Not much for atmosphere.  Don't get me wrong  but I'd definitely take an out-of-town visitor for a meal there and it's a definite stop if I'm in or near the neighborhood." "I've had better burgers at several other Pittsburgh restaurants. I have never eaten anything else on the Tessaro menu--and since it doesn't look very appealing  and red christmas bows on the lamps? My big gripe with the place was the lack of space between tables. When we were seated Don't miss out on the best burger of your life."  but still very good.  I had a cheeseburger with mushrooms and bacon.  The bun was unfortunately too small for the patty and the top portion of the bun was rock hard.  The burger was extremely large and cooked very well.  The wait staff was very friendly and the food was out immediately."  but from my limited experience the burger is undeniably the star.  I'd definitely go out of my way to come back and if you live in the area Tessaro's is a no brainer."  staff friendly and the table cloths made of jeans!  But definitely next time i will forget about my waistline and go ahead and get the darn burger!" When you go to a steakhouse you order a steak.  When you go to a coffeehouse you order a coffee.  When you go to Tessaro's you order a burger." So why three stars? 1 off for the home fires and 1 off for not grilling the burger over that hardwood." "Delicious burgers- freshly ground beef and hand-shaped and cooked on a wood-fired grill- amazing. The burgers arrive and look enormous We were welcomed in a friendly way and shown to a table where we  received great service throughout the meal. The burgers were excellent. And be sure to order the Home Fries - amazingly great taste."  this is a landmark.  The staff oozes old-school Pittsburgh.  The decorations are nothing special.  The clientele ranges from high-class businessman to the stoner down the street to mom and pop out for Friday dinner.  And all those people are typically there for one thing: the burgers.  I agree with the other reviews that tout this place as having the best burgers in Pittsburgh.  The only complaint that I have is that I reek of garlic and spices for the next 2 days after eating there- the food is that intense.  Also- it isn't necessarily worth it to get one of their more specialty burgers (cheese  flavor from the wood fire.  (Might as well be cooked over gas or an electric griddle.)  Throw in some chuck or pork fat or spices or garlic or something with some flavor and it would be much better The only downside is that if you go with your veggie friends  where the food is better and no one makes you show your ""Member's Card"" to get seated." OVERHYPED.  I've had better burgers almost everywhere. If there's one place I'd take my out-of-town friends to eat  but I've been there enough times to know that they are very friendly in general.  When I say busy I mean the place is packed and the bar is full and people are standing up at the bar waiting for a seat.  This was during the NFL playoffs so it was understandable." We'll definitely be back." A nod of thanks to the ""new"" ownership for keeping the place comfortable and friendly."  she told them literally to ""GET UP.""  She said they wouldn't seat them because I wasn't there.  By that time I had arrived at the table  my friends were still in shock by the utter rudeness.  Tessaro's was a Pittsburgh institution that my family had frequented for years.  Our treatment is a disgrace to its reputation"  though I have been here before when I had a very rude server... guess its hit or miss." But...if I want a burger and a beer - I head down the block to Lot 17 and get some options I should have went to Five Guy's! I would have been much happier!" "Food here is ok but they have huge portions and decent prices.  Service was a little slow Saturday Morning but they were nice.  They also made sure that you burgers were to your liking and didn't assume that I wanted Mayo.  The home fries however weren't as good and tasted like boiled potatoes that were greasy.  But you do have the option of getting Cole slaw  service and comfortable atmosphere perfect for a casual lunch  filet on the inside of the ground meat and this burger is heaven.  The service can be a little shaky at times and the woman who seats you can be a litttle grumpy  the bacon was completely overpowered. This was a burger that deserved national attention. Okay potato salad "Overrated. No seating until all members if party have arrived...so we awkwardly hovered over empty tables.  The second bummer here was the lack of french fries  - which is borderline criminal when you offer a burger.  The bun was dry  the four of us wandered out into daylight and realized we were covered with a light dusting of soot The setting is a real old school type of vibe. It almost feels like stepping foot in a time machine and going back to the Bloomfield of the 1950's. Wonderful lighting and a great place for a date or a night out with friends. Every time I stop back in Pittsburgh I grab a burger here!" Bottom Line: I've had better." The burgers are the juiciest biggest most incredible burgers ever! I stick with the cheeseburger because I want to enjoy the burger without any fancy smancy stuff on it. I literally had the first bite of the burger and the juice squirted out the other side. Ok  especially since it's just down the street from my sister's place in da 'Burgh."  but given how inefficient the seating system is I'd only go when you can be seated right away." The service is impeccable and I haven't had anyone who wasn't over 40 and looked like they'ved worked there their whole life. They know what they're doing and they do it quickly. Tessaro's can handle a crowd Alas my anticipation for stop number 2 was snubbed out because they were closed too. I called and was informed that the hours of operation are Monday-Saturday 11am-11pm. Three other patrons were also going burger and sadly I had to break the news to them too. Oh Dang! Maybe a dog would do the trick? After seeing the Oscar Meyer Weiner Mobile and a quick photo opp Frankie's Extra Long was next on my list."  SN Pale Ale and Sam Seasonal.  the bill for 6 people including tip came out to $25 per person for a burger and 2 drinks each."  Tessaro's gives a really satisfying sized burger. I ordered mine well done and it did seem a little overcooked. My friend ordered hers medium rare and she also said it was cooked too much. The burgers were pretty good though not the taste I was expecting. It almost tasted like one of the burgers you make at your own barbecue. It was still good  the food was great and Tessaro's is a Pittsburgh fixture. Go for the burger and see if it's the best you've ever had." PS there are options for non-meat eaters:)" "I would consider myself the burger connoisseur.  I would say the rare burger with mushrooms and raw onions at Tessaro's was definitely one of my best burger experiences.  The meat had a nice flavor and the bun was not ""bready"".  Two signs of a great burger and  the rest is just fluff.   The only reason I won't give this placet 5 stars is the bartender was not friendly...AT ALL!  Our waitress on the other hand made up for it."  and I would make sure NOT to come on a Sunday since they are not opened (whoops)."  and I ordered it to be cooked medium. I was disappointed in this place because everyone says its the best burger in town...I must be missing something. I thought the atmosphere kinda sucks and the way seating is done leaves much to be desired...overall might go back to see if it was just a fluke  they do know meat and they do serve up quality grade. Don't be afraid to order yours medium-rare or Pittsburgh rare."  first-serve) and they will try to cram four people at a table that is meant for only three. If they are not scrambling for tables to seat people waiting Another negative about this place is that people sit so close to you  but it doesn't seem like this is the type of place that would have changed." Have some pity for the poor cursed Tessaro workers Try BRGR just up the road."  Mr. Bale is an excellent tipper." "Now That's a Burger!  Great beef and grill flavor.  Its not complicated btw...knew I was in Pittsburgh when they turned off the NFL MNF game for a regular season Colorado-Toronto hockey game (ie.  and you'll continue making a fortune off them.  And I'm sure you really don't give a crap about how your manager treated this lady.  But we will NOT drop one dime more in your restaurant.  We'll take our business to Burgatory."  but a friend ordered the steak salad once and I was almost tempted to trade in my burger Stick with things off of the grill.  Also the Pittsburgh style chili is top notch.  I nice place for lunch.  very yummy!  And an interesting side dish."  lots of potatoes and plenty of salt. The waitress didn't hold her tongue on her opinion of various dishes and upon returning  nice social mixture. One of my all-time favorites. Worth waiting if you have to." "Really good burgers.  Old school.  The unique thing about the burgers is the wood smoked taste.  I ordered the home fries as a side and they were excellent.  My son ordered the potato salad Its a ""good ol' place"" and definitely brings a pang of nostalgia into my side (especially after eating so much!)." Choice of side: home fries. My friend was RAVING about the home fries and how all the other yelp-ers love them so of course I had to get them and they WERE really good! Very wonderful The bottom line for me that this is a decent place for a burger although it is far from the best burger in Pittsburgh as many claim.  I am sure that I will be back in the future as their wait staff is always good and the food worth the price." In all honesty I would've rather had Five Guys or In-n-Out burgers."  forget it. Burgers are ubiquitous and great ones are everywhere. Best burger in the city is at Kaya - the Kaya burger. Tessaro's - a fading icon of days gone by.  Enjoy the crowds "They say there are the 3 ""C's"" that make up the very best restaurants: consistency  but I could have gone for regular fries with the burger and didn't see them on the menu. Huge and oddly diverse menu. I believe I prefer burgatory..."  the potato salad with came with it was just wonderful.  I think  Tessaro's will be on our list of go to places from now on!"  greasy mess. The bread was cheap and tasteless. The home fries were just diced potatoes. That burger sat clogged in my stomach for 3 or 4 hours. And I had to make a few runs to the bathroom because I thought I was going to make a mess in my pants. Burger king is a lot better than this place and at a fraction of the cost. What else you got Pittsburgh? This better not be the best you got."  but it was pretty obvious the clueless kitchen couldn't hold up to real competition.  (If you want a decent burger Do I think that Tessaro's has reinvented the burger? No.  Do I think that if you go to Tessaro's you'll have a fantastic burger and want to come back? Yes."  the best burger I have ever had in my life is the Gourmet Burger from Tessaro's."  but I doubt it spent more than 30 seconds on the grill.  Next time I will go with Medium."  then you would find this to be ""amazing.""  I've had some of the best burgers at many cities in the US and this is an embarrassment to Pittsburgh.  Go to BRGR if you want a tasty burger near Bloomfield.  On the other end of the spectrum were the sides. The sides were classics   Tessaro's is a solid choice if you're in the mood for meat and you want to minimize your chance of running into Bloomfield hipsters." I don't understand all the rave reviews for this place.  As for me The only downfall with Tessaro's and this is not their fault is that they are alway's almost too busy. Because this place way a neighborhood bar at one point it doesn't exactly have a lobby for you to wait in while you wait to be seated so that part of your dinner may be a bit uncofortable but all in all Tessaro's will be a great experience My only disappointment regarding the place was that they did not have dessert on the menu!!  My son and I had to walk up to Paddy Cake Bakery so that he could then satisfy his sweet tooth!" I'm a big fan of this place you have to check it out." Will definitely return!" We sat at the bar and the Bartender was on top of everything "Burger was better than expected.  Service good This place will go back to being one of my favorite Pittsburgh treasures."  maybe because of the holiday) our party of 11 was sat together rather quickly at 8:30. Most of us got the Gourmet Cheeseburger and it was delicious! The burger was huge! It was juicy and full of flavor. I had mine topped with blue cheese Tessaro's is a longtime neighborhood meeting place that has survived on good service and two-fisted burgers." Tessaro's is definitely worth checking out. The lunch crowd gets a bit tight as their tables are close. Perhaps try a bit before or after the average lunch hour. Oh  hands down! The in-house ground beef is so much better than what those trendy burger bars are offering right now. Tessaro's doesn't need to top their burgers with a bunch of ridiculous toppings as their beef is just that damn good. I don't even want to try anything else there as the burger was the first thing I ever had and I keep getting it every time I go there. The BBQ burger cooked medium is perfection!"  and a nice ambiance.  The bartenders were friendly and the waitstaff was prompt and attentive.  Recommended for a nice date night or just stopping in for a nice meal!" They also won't seat you until your entire party is there.  Don't expect to send someone early to get a seat If you're new to the Burgh or new to the boutique burger scene do yourself a favor and get over to Bloomfield for the reigning champ Service is always friendly and prompt - but the food is just...OK. I think this place is just more of a Pittsburgh tradition like the similarly overrated Primanti's." One of the best tasting burgers ever!! =)  I just wonder how long that burger is going to remain in my gut.  I think I can feel the bacteria burping away in there right about now... Ugh." "I went here with my fiance and his sister. We each got a different burger with different sides. Each of us was extremely happy. Our burgers were cooked to the correct temperature which doesn't happen very often. The fries were really tasty and the portion size was great. The only complaint I have is that it was very crowded and it felt like we were almost sharing a table with the group next to us because we were seated so close. Other than that Now I know exactly where I'll want to go when I'm craving a big juicy burger!"  the meat itself was good but I'm sorry even the best burger needs seasoning and flavorful toppings. If the bacon and bleu cheese had been 1st rate  makes everyone feel at home and as if you are her only concern.  The burgers are the highest quality meat vgXE1I7c9ElcfYyZfQiN1Q  great red skin potatoes. A must. And all for a great price. Lisa was our server at lunch and she is excellent. This is 5-star food for a great price."  I was disappointed by the quality of food as well as the service." A classic! Perfect burger to compliment my visit to Pittsburgh. Can't wait to come back.  and the place has an old-time charm to it. It worked for me. They have no desserts  but after spending 2 minutes watching my 1.5 year old thrash around I can tell you their is a big difference. The waitress made it seem as though it was my fault for bringing him. Yelp says good for kids they said we have a high chair. The waitress was about as warm and friendly as a night in spent sleeping in the snow naked. The potato salad was awesome everything else was super sub par. The burgers are big and if you looking for a giant patty of cheap meat then this is your place. I feel bad because unlike most places I give two stars I really want to like this place."  it was inedible but atleast the server  was kind enough to not charge me for the burger Overall opinion = I've heard that this place has received awards for best burger in Pgh.  Not sure if I can share that opinion yet since I'm new to the city  we walked in and waited to be greeted. The inside looked a bit old and run down. Tip: they do not have highchairs only booster seats which is impossible to get a squirmy baby to stay in. I would not suggest bringing a baby here. The tables are also very small and close together. We actually had to move the table out to get in and out of the corner booth. I decided on the basic cheeseburger and ordered the boiled red skin potatoes for the baby and a side of chips for me fully expecting homemade chips. Not the case. I got a handful of what seemed to be a ruffles knock off. The potatoes were very bland despite being served with warm butter on the side. Great for a picky baby. Bad for an adult who is looking for something tasty. Now to the burger. Huge They also split our order in half to share with my partner at no charge. Thanks!"  and this plays its role as well.  Service is also nice and fast every time I have been there.  All in all I highly recommend Tessaro's and be sure I will be going back!" "This is the only burger place I have ever been to that doesn't serve french fries. WTF? Went once To finish up Tessaro's is a perfect example of old school. Everything about them just reeks of tradition. With all the new gourmet burger joints popping up around Pittsburgh it warms my salty red neat engorged heart to see that the original isn't just alive and kicking Tessaro's is famous for its burgers and that is why I go there!  This is old Pittsburgh at its finest.  It doesn't try to be hip or trendy - it just is!  Excellent service and great food is what this place offers.  It doesn't disappoint! A classic old-school joint. The bar dates back I don't know how long. And the service has that old-school quality. I wanted for nothing. I was stuffed by the burger they served me. It was tasty and delicious. I can't wait to go back and enjoy another. vgXE1I7c9ElcfYyZfQiN1Q  and the menu--even for a carnivore like me---was too meat heavy. And we had to wait to be seated and it was not super cheap vgXE1I7c9ElcfYyZfQiN1Q Start out by saying I worked there almost 20 years ago and the place and the employees are the same. In the restaurant business or any business constancy is key. The food is very good and the place is clean. It looks old because it is but that's part of fun. The family who owns it is a great family. If you go through Bloomfield stop in but make sure your hungry.  cole slaw or home fries.  I've never had a bad burger  (though sometimes they can be overcooked when I order medium) or experience here (service has always been top notch).  I respect that they continue to do what has always made them successful and hope that they can keep up with all the burger competition."  a lot of fish specials (mostly expensive) "We dined here in January with friends and had a really good time. The burgers are huge and flavorful. I had the barbecue bacon burger which was fantastic. My wife had the reuben burger and was disappointed with the quality and flavor. Drinks are pricey here  and tier homefries and potato salad are the best sides they offer! Sometimes depending on the wait staff they will give you half homefries and half potato salad to enjoy both! You can never go wrong with the bbq burger - I get it with mild BBQ sauce and add cheddar cheese and bacon. I am dying to try the deli burger but have yet to do so." "Fast service and excellent food. I had the kelly burger. It was awesome. It was busy  sorry BRGR and Burgatory.  This place is always consistent and reasonable.  Great location to everything else in town." You'll never find a better filet for the price anywhere and I mean not just in Pittsburgh....  Always cooked to perfection and the iced tea is almost as refreshing as the steak... "Amazing burgers!  Just moved to Pittsburgh and thought I had ""the best burger in town""  ---  I was wrong!  Just had the plain ole cheeseburger w homefries and it was delish!  I will be back very soon!    Also had a decent draft selection :-)" The service was up to par. I came with a huge party and they seated us and took our orders with no problem. They even stuck a candle into my friend's burger for her birthday. Overall  there were four of us). My breakfast burger was decent--the runny egg was great and everything a runny egg should be  and toppings....Tessaro's says take the freaking giant tasty burger and enjoy the finest piece of ground cow you will stick in your mouth." "Good place to have a reasonable meal. Cool that everything is made out of an extremely small kitchen that you can see but the food didnt live up to the local hype for me.  Burger tasted alittle bland  I really don't understand the hype. Mediocre food and mediocre service."  you can watch the cooks make your food through a large window at the back of the dining room.  We couldn't get past the burger menu. There are other things on the menu but we came for burgers.  I has the blue cheese bacon burger and it was fantastic.  The home fries were so good but they contain bacon in case your a vegetarian and don't expect it.  They are great.  My husband had a cheddar burger and it too was great.  Full bar service.  Can't wait to go back!"  very blue collar food and environment. Great Pittsburgh experience. The burgers are insane."  though I wish it had egg chunks in it." Some have commented negatively on the service and or preparation. I have always found both to be first rate." "Not big on burgers but my boyfriend loves them so we had to stop by! He loved his breakfast burger and said it's in his top favorite burgers of all time. I got the chicken sandwich and it was very smokey and unique tasting I really liked that.. Now I'm not a huge fan of the big sandwiches you can barely fit in your mouth but this place was pretty good! Sandwiches are also pretty messy which I'm not a fan of but hey for being the ""messy Just my opinion thought. I am judging a burger on greasy content Great eats. When in Pittsburgh I will make time for a stop at Tessaro's."  Tessaro's.  Thanks for not changing!   See you again soon (especially if our 16 year old decides he loves Pitt!)"  but what caught my eye was everything else (especially the filet mignon) that was coming out of the kitchen. Every dish looked better than the last. The bar has a good selection of beers and the bartender knew how to make mixed drinks above the level of rum and coke. If you haven't been here yet than you're missing out."  but its worth the wait.  The food is really good.  Its not great but its really good.  Def worth checking out." "Had the Italian sandwich with a side of potato salad. I was amazed at the flavors in the sandwich. The meats were grilled as was the bread and the salsa-type topping on the sandwich made all the difference. So so so delish!  Will definitely go back when I'm in the area. Oh  Tessaro's has a decent sandwich game at lunch. I'll be the judge of that at a later time."  homey atmosphere. If you ask to split a burger with someone at your table it comes out pre-cut with your side evenly divided on separate plates. I've been here multiple times Bad customer service and to be honest we had bad service all around." Lived up to its reputation. Burger great. Home fries tasty.  Plus great local chit chat at nearby tables! Steak sandwich was very good. Potato salad was very good. Home fries were very good. Kelly's gourmet burger was just good. Service very good! Will definitely come back especially for the friendliness of the owners. This is a Pittsburgh icon.  if you get the veggies as your side don't get them cooked on the grill. Sometimes they will do this and char them a bit which is delicious but if your burger is cooked in the same spot the residual plant matter sullies the flavor of the meat."  but that's it. They don't know how to cook steaks unless you like hockey pucks. They also have a wind problem every time the front door is open. Finally "All the locals recommended this place to me for burgers and I've tried them twice to just make sure the first time wasn't a goof. But both times They make some of the best burgers in Pittsburgh!  They have great potatoes also!  The service was good with a friendly staff.  I also had a steak salad there once which was really good a lot of steak on it with potatoes!  but that's to be expected. Despite how crowded it was the service was excellent and I very much enjoyed my HUGE breakfast burger. Reasonable prices This place is worth checking out of you want a great burger!   It will make you want to come back!  and then interrogated by her after sending an order back for not meeting the clear specifications given to the waitress.  Living in Latin America and traveling in Asia for some time ""When you bite into your first Tessaro's burger it's a fantastic experience.  You can taste the grill history (the proteins of the grilled past.)""" This place needs to be closed for a few days of deep cleaning.  If they don't care about the cleanliness of the dining room  but this is a quintessential traditional neighborhood casual dining establishment and won't let you down." I love the way they cook their burgers on the hardwood grill.  As soon as you open the door you know that you are in the right place." "I've been in a burger craze and been trying burgers in a few different States where I see they have won contests.  Tessaro's hands down has the best by far  etc to shame.  Great local spot with friendly service that won't break the bank.  One of my favorites!" As a local Pittsburgher I've eaten there many times. I can say that I've Never had a bad meal or a bad experience there in any way. I highly recommend it . If you need some meat and friendly service in your life  the ambiance of this corner spot  is warm and dark. The service is provided by a very competent crew who seems to have been around for quite some time. The food came out in good time and was just delicious. Portions were generous. I especially appreciated the heavy wine pour. Meats were exactly as requested and cooked over an open flame in site. Tessaro's is not cheap but it is highly recommended."  but the slight inconsistency on our second visit opted out for a 3 instead. The home fries served were way over cooked with half of its serving being burnt & drinks were a little flat. On a plus side- the meats are cooked exactly how you request it to be. Great selections of drinks for their ""small town laid back bar"" ambiance & the workers are very friendly." WORST service and seating EVER! We were standing in the little doorway for an hour to be seated.  And the old seating lady who wore tons of bracelet messed up with the seating list (basically she seated whoever she wanted to seat). Food is ok but the service is a thumb down.  I would never come back.  and everyone said the food lived up to its glorious reputation. (Frequently perpetuated by myself) Our waitress did a wonderful job handling the various food and drink orders customizations  went back several times and the burger meat was excellent when properly cooked  it was a great experience and I'll be back." That may have been one of the best burgers I've ever had! Made perfectly to order and worth every penny. I went in summer and it was a full house but not too full that I needed to wait. "In the 'burgh on business and looking for a cool place to eat.   Knew I found it as soon as I walked in.   Old school look and feel with great food to back up any drink from the bar.   Sat at the bar and ordered a wood fire burger that was fantastic.  Truly best burger in the 'burgh and the home fries were a bonus.  One thing is certain The service was great."  and I am very glad I did.. Food was awesome!! Large portions and a variety on the menu I could hardly decide what I wanted because everything looked so good! The service there was great our waitress took the time and actually had personal conversations with my mother and I. I would def come again when I am in the area!" "Delicious burgers. Fantastic steak. Friendly service. Sometimes there is a line out the door and around the corner but if you want an amazing meal Fantastic dinner.  I had a chicken kabob grilled with veggies.  It was very tasty.  The best.  Highly recommended.  Their burgers looked really good too! Service was excellent. Great place first time there food was delicious while there we saw steeler player Britt kiesel wow!!! Sorry posted wrong pic for food Service is always good and friendly. And the new deck is going to be my regular spot!!"  not to busy they had just opened. Sat out in the bar room  but it looks like other dining areas in the next room . the place was very well maintained and clean. waitress was friendly and prompt. we both had burgers and potato salad and I must say that was the best burgher I have ever had and I have tried a lot of them . Cooked to perfection fresh and juicy meat. everything was great will be going back soon."  so I visit Tessaro's often. It isn't a hit or miss place. I always know the food and service will be excellent. I introduced my parents to Tessaro's when they visited awhile back and now my mom asks to go every time they're in town. I worked for a long time in the service industry and I know what I'm talking about when I say Tessaro's is the epitome of well-run and well staffed. There's often a wait  I go to a gourmet burger place they always over cook the burger. I have lots of love for this place and I try to go every time I visit the Burgh again."  just very well put together. Food is great and since this is a Pittsburghs staple vgXE1I7c9ElcfYyZfQiN1Q The only reason to give this place 5 stars us because I could not add a 6th. Quite simply if God created a perfect hamburger it would be almost as good as tessaro's. For starters I loved the charm of this place and my date did as well. Just a side note she is never pleased. The decor is comfortable and eclectic. The smells are heavenly. The service fantastic. Now for the good stuff. We started with the saute mushrooms and all I can say is wow. These might be one of the top 10 appetizers I ever at with no exaggeration. You must try them. Now for the huge succulent slice of heaven called a burger. I can say without reservation there is no way it could be bested. This perfectly charred hunk of meaty goodness should be on everyone's bucket list. Try this place or you have missed a great experience.  have a couple of great memories here with some people I really care about from this city. That's what makes the experience that much better on another level. Going backwards  maybe the safest in the city. There are a fair amount of eateries here.  Pass them up. Go here." "Tessaro's is a true Pittsburgh establishment.  You will always get a top notch burger with no nonsense service.  To appreciate Tessaro's you have to accept that you wont get fries with your hamburger (but the home fries are delicious).  And you have to accept that reservations are not accepted  but it will NOT be another 4 years til we go back ;)" "best steak salad in Pittsburgh.  Service varies at times  eating at Tessaro's is like eating a Costco hotdog. When it's happening you're lovin' it. It's tasting good and you're feeling like a red blooded American. When it's over you can't stop asking yourself ""Why did I put that inside me?"" This place makes my GI system do cartwheels 100% of the time. Now I haven't been here in a couple of years but have been there numerous times in the past. Absolutely the best burger in pittsburgh. I highly recommend coming here to anyone who enjoys a good burger."  very close together when they are all split into two-person tables. We were having awkward first date conversations and the couples around us may as well have been at our table. I did not enjoy that. Aside from that Over-rated when it comes to the burgers. I've had way better. Staff was friendly and drinks were reasonable but nothing to rave about. One thing I didn't realize is all the fixins come on the side for you to put on it such as the pickles I want to give Tessaro's 2.5 stars because they have a cute ambiance."  I still rank Tessaro's as the best burger in Pittsburgh. They are always busy but the friendly staff will get those in line a seat as rapidly as possible and I rarely wait for a seat for more than 5-10 minutes. Their outdoor patio is also a fairly new addition that is very nice in the summer months." terrible service. quality of food has gone downhill This is a great place to go for drinks and a hearty dinner. Will be returning frequently. This is a place I really hope stays open for another 50 years." This place is good. The style from the outside doesn't really portray what is on the inside. Our waitress was great! Burgers were good. The atmosphere Is a little dated. Menu was limited. Over all it was a good burger and great staff.  it's the atmosphere the bar the servers or bartenders everybody inside who works here makes it worth going out for food and a few drinks  so you feel a little cramped in there... wait that's a common thing here in Pittsburgh that I'm slowly discovering. Overall not bad. No real complaints." Food was good but not at all worth the wait.  lack concern makes me wonder if we will be back." Still - it's a favorite of mine as long as you go in with not too high expectations." This is one of our favorite places to go to! The burgers are to die for and the service is always great. I love the old diner feel to this place. I always get the breakfast burger and redskin potatoes. It never disappoints! "Word on the street is that Tessaro's has the best burger in Pittsburgh so I had to go all out and get their Gourmet Cheeseburger. No doubt that a Tessaro's burger is HUGE. It also has great grilled flavor. However  I would definitely suggest the burgers or the spinach salad for a lighter option." "Tessaro's is really good! I especially loved the laid back and retro atmosphere and I thought the service was great. I ordered the bleu cheese burger with house fries and while I thought the burger was good but a little on the bland side "Arrived late into Pittsburgh and this was a quaint little neighborhood joint.   The burgers weren't bad - I ordered the steak burger that the waitress recommended "It had been many years since I've been to Tessaro's and it's still just as great as I remember. We went on  Monday night and there was a really decent sized crowd  filled to the brim with toppings and dripping with Italian dressing sandwiches of love. Ok  I might try Tessaro's again on the chance that this was just an off night Great atmosphere. Love the food. I will recommend this place to everyone. Very impressed with the quality of my food. This is important to me. Good job Tessaros! "This is a must stop if you are in Bloomfield as people claim it has the best burgers in the burgh! While we were there last night for a birthday celebration we ran into a friend who drove an hour to come for dinner. The restaurant often looks closed from the outside but don't let that fool. They do not take reservations and it often gets quite busy so be prepared to grab a drink at the bar ( seats turnover pretty quickly). They have a decent selection of drafts including a number of local brews. The menu has many other options besides burgers including salads and ribs. I always stick with a burger and my favorite is the blue cheese and bacon. You have your choice of creamy or crumbled blue cheese and lettuce Ate at the bar this time. Service wasn't as good this time"  nasty homophobes. Every level of steak doneness here means ""burnt"". If you you like either of those things I got to chatting with folks at the next table. The lady there told me this restaurant gets their bread from the Allegro Hearth bakery in Squirrel Hill where I had previously been. Her friend ordered what they call the breakfast burger. It comes with bacon and a fried egg on top. He told me he loves the sandwich that way. He had never eaten here so I politely asked him what he thought of his sandwich. He told me it was to die for!  I did observe the larger portion and realized there would be no way I could finish it so I'm glad I had the option of ordering the smaller burger. It was just enough for me. I was in and out within the hour. They do have a full bar. Bike parking is available and around the corner is a metered lot. Next time I'm craving a burger I'll be sure to come here!" Awesome burgers. But no high chairs? Why would you have booster seats and not high chairs? Get some and families will come at your slow times!  were they great!  We were given the wrong check when ready to depart.  The food was worthy of 4 stars I heard great things about Tessaro's.  I ordered a medium cooked hamburger.  The 3 stars is because the burger was cooked extra well done.  The outsides were burned.  I couldn't send it back because I didn't  have the time to.  While this place gets great review the burgers themselves are not really that great.  The reason for the extra star was because their service was good.  this is the place to go. Burgers were huge and delicious plus the service was great. Only downside was ordering a tequila sunrise and getting what tasted like a full glass of tequila with a drop of grenadine. Great food though!"  but they had home fries. We were expecting really good home fries since they refuse to do fries because of them. They were soggy The burgers are so big and delicious that I can actually get three meals out of them. Sometimes take for granted living just down the street but so glad I do. Something kinda weird happened there a couple of years ago: waitress was taking us back to our table and she accidentally knocked over a small trash can at front of restaurant. She used our menus to scoop the trash back in. This was the first time my friend had been there. Needless to say he was a little skeptical eating after seeing that. No worries though because he's been back a ton of times. "Best burger in Pittsburgh. Full stop. What else do you need to know? They have other food too  portions were ample and the food temperature was perfect. When I am back in Pittsburgh I will definitely go back. 5 stars all day long!!!" Would I recommend it? Probably not. Will I return? Inevitably." I thought that the food was fair however the waitress was very slow or had to many table.  it was a Monday I didn't think it was that busy.  I love the Reuben sandwich and every night they have some themed drink special night. I think Thursday night is ladies night and on Friday they have free wings from 5-7. The last time I went I watched the U.S. Open Women's Semi-finals and the wings did not disappoint!" Now I just need to find somebody in Pittsburgh who can mix me a Black Opal." The bar food is quality -- I highly recommend the fried zucchini. There's also the Munchies Platter  and not spilling over the brim with sports fans.  They have good solid pub food which is tasty and with big portions.  The food is always above par and I don't ever think I've had something I wouldn't order again.  I even got a grilled cheese and loved it!!  There is a bit of sticker shock  and prices and specials are pretty good.  They've got plenty of screens to watch your favorite event(s)  which is flavorful as well as hot.  I'd buy it by the bottle if I could.  The menu is huge Phenomenal bloody mary on a Sunday. Cute bar tender. delightful ghetto dive. I guess I need to get in on these free wings at some point..  neighborhood place with great food and a wonderful staff ... Silky's on Liberty is your place. Daily specials plus a respectable standard fare means you'll never tire of the menu. Warm nights make the sidewalk tables perfect for socializing and people watching (goodness knows that Bloomfield has its share of characters.) But what really makes this place special is the fabulous folks who work there. Take some time to get to know them. They're fun and interesting! Enjoy!" All of us agreed this is the worst place we have been in for smoke and some of our group were smokers  but easy access to smoking outside.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  The jukebox isn't bad.  All in all I was pleasantly suprised with how much I actually enjoyed this place.  I was a little leary at first  but the quality is there so I can excuse that. We hope to check the place out on a busier night to check out the atmosphere Silky's usually makes the list to watch a game or if weather calls for outdoor drinking."  pretty decent burger topped with lots of bacon. The bacon is still crunchier than I like it...I don't know if it's the cut or the way they cook it. The waffle fries are seasoned and really yummy. Good selection of beers. I will never try the pasta. Anyone who goes to a bar and eats pasta and thinks it might actually be good or authentic is delusional. I don't really fit in in this place  I was ill for essentially the entire weekend after eating here on a Friday night.  I won't take Silky's off my list entirely because it is close to my house.  My wrap was good and the staff was friendly.  The place was packed and so that says something positive to me."  affordable.  Nice stop before an evening out.  I need to head there primetime to assess the evening vibe.  Will be back." All and all this is one of my favorite sports bars!" The food that other people ordered smelled and looked great. Even the seafoody bits which I normally hate smelling. The tv's are plentiful and newer. I just don't know if I'll ever get to go back and try the food as I hate being slighted by a business owner and treated as if my business isn't appreciated."  just a short walk from my workplace.  My coworkers and I went out here after work.  It's a nice little cozy environment that just has a comforting feel to it.  Plenty of flat screen TVs to catch the big game "I've been to all 3 Silky's locations and this is my favorite. The food is great  and drink a beer look no further than The 'Chester."  but you've got to come here and be very very patient." i was there again tonight and it was so much better.  I really think the staff was overwhelmed on saturday.  food was good.  silkys has one of the best reubens in town. "This place is great for your standard neighborhood pub food. Time and time again my boyfriend and I try other places along Liberty Ave. since moving to the Bloomfield area. Too many times we've been disappointed and say...""Let's just go to Silky's next time."" Recenty that has morphed into just going to Silky's when we want a simple but good meal. Their burgers are very good  I probably wouldn't go back JUST for the food. If I were meeting  a group of people here Awesome wings and they're 50 cents during all Pen's games Oh and shuffleboard.  As far as I'm concerned no greater drinkin game.  Write that down ."  husband enjoyed his Rachel and the burger was also enjoyed.  Def give it a taste if you're in the neighborhood." The TV's are a plenty."  but Silky's makes a strong play to be your go-to neighborhood hangout." "They have an amazing on tap beer selection. Several small tvs. But if the Steelers aren't playing  and for bar food it's actually quite good. The location is perfect for sitting out on the tables right on Liberty and chatting with buddies as the cars go by." 3zgswf_NfBJpeAoWeTkgMA Excellent food! Excellent service! I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great meal with great service. A good neighborhood joint!"  and the service at the bar is always professional. Don't come here expecting fast food My experience here was terrible. A 15 minute wait for a draft beer on a slow night? No thanks. Just there last evening after a 12 hour shift at work. ordered a Rachel sandwhich...received a reuben. The server apologized and offered to get the correct sandwhich for me to go. She brought it to the table packaged to go. I drove all the way home to moon township opened my container and found another reuben sandwhich.....disappointing to say the least.  The fries were great however.  the patio is a great option. There's potential for good people watching on Liberty Ave most days. However  it seemed to tailor to an older crowd (30-49 seemed to be the median age when I was there).  I would have given it 5 stars had they been fully stocked on their draft beer.  I like to drink unique or uncommon beers when traveling and had to settle for Molson that night."  i ate it with a fork. The juice from the tacos also made the tater tots extremely soggy.  Everyone else in my group was disappointed in some way with our visit." "SIlkys is pretty sweet. The french onion soup and new england clam chowder are delish.  Beers are on the pricier end but its no dive bar so that's to be expected. They do have drink specials sometimes but never when I'm there  food was great and they kept the volume on the jukebox to a reasonable level for 6-7 pm in the evening.  Have had issues with all 3 things on multiple recent (last year or so) visits Great place.  Nice service.  Good beer.  Outdoor seating.  Nice pub food.   Definately recommend.  but I really appreciated the size of the tables for two. They could have probably fit four people but with only two seats it felt like there was actually enough room for plates and drinks and such. One of my biggest annoyances with eating at bars is getting an extraordinarily small Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu."  my party of three sat down at a table.  We received no attention from the waitstaff.  When I went back up to the bar to buy another round for my party  the wings. They are double-fried and soooo crispy. I have not had such awesome wings in a long time! Otherwise Mediocre food and also over-priced. Ordered the Reuben and it was brought out with the bottom of the bread soggy (maybe from sitting too long). Confronted waitress and awkwardness ensued as she wouldn't take my plate right away and resolve the issue. The solution: THEY GAVE ME A NEW PIECE OF TOAST ON A PLATE TO REPLACE THE SOGGY BREAD MYSELF! And to top it all off...they didn't discount my bill AT ALL. I think the terrible Rueben was around $10.99 and soft drinks are NO FREE REFILL! This Silky's Pub place is a complete JOKE.  usually have good service and am usually satisfied with my food. This time my chicken on my salad seemed way overcooked...just some of it though...almost as if 2 chicken breasts had been used  folks! Delicious Sunday brunch and 22 ounce Bloody Mary specials." uOwuJJhGaiAzuaDY7-o14g OWlWtMJ2DByD650Lw7IXaQ  pretty cool to get real plates and silverware when dining in."  stuffing and sweet potato yams. The cream spinach however seems to be different each time we order it. The cornbread while still good seems to have been reduced in thickness. I've also had the chicken pot pie and so scrumptious. Boston Market always hits the spot and service has always been peppy with no complaints."  you get real plates and silverware. The food is always delicious. It's about $10 a plate but that's pretty much what you pay many places. You'll always enjoy your meal here."  ""Meh.  I've experienced better.""" the ribs were so tender" "next to upmc hospital. new decor felt like a real restaurant. food was really good. clean  I love this place for a quick bit!! If ur on a diet this is a great to stop for fast food ..yummmyyy lunch stop Years ago I definitely would have given this Boston Market a five stars.  I now give this Boston Market four stars because of the corporate policy.  Boston Market serves their meals on real glass plates and real silverware.  Once customers are finished with their meals they leave everything on the tables.  During busy times when the dining room often looks messy as tables are often cluttered with napkins and dished which often have uneaten food on it.  I like the old method alot better.  Plastic plates and customers throw their own trash away. Always love Boston market - this location is no different. Got the rotisserie chicken dinner bowl through the drive through and it was a good sized portion What could have been a very positive experience was absolutely ruined by this man." So I will be back! Despite the occasional whole rotisserie chicken that my family would buy  and we had two appetizers plus our entrees.  The nacho appetizer was great; the beef strips appetizer was not quite up to par for the price.  I had the buffalo chicken sandwich--the chicken was grilled just right without being too dry ""Refined Bar Food"" is what one local paper said about Lot 17. I agree Edit: Went back and was less impressed; dropping this from 5 to 4 stars.  Nothing particularly wrong  they have an upstairs room available for private parties.  I held a birthday party here and they went well out of their way to make sure we got everything we needed." The sweet potato fries are pretty amazing."  but I did like it and can see myself going back when I move in a few weeks." The overall atmosphere was loud and gregarious. Lots of cheering when the correct team scored and laughing and patting of backs. I would definitely return."  there are a few tables outside -- but get there early if you want to enjoy them!"  but went with the veggie pita. I asked for no cheese and they were very accommodating. Not only were the pita "Go there only if you want served uncooked fish Lot 17 is a PITT bar and a great place to watch a Saturday football game or a basketball game. I also believe that during the basketball season it is host to the Jamie Dixon radio show. Just don't come in here with WVU gear on and you will be just fine!"  I'm going to have to give them just an ok review due to the terrible service..Here's to Lot 17..I hope you redeem yourself."  they were good. Add a reasonable selection of beer and them having the game on and you have a solid neighborhood bar." (usually broccoli or beans). This is a highly flavorful and tender good sized; piece of fish that had no fishy flavor. One of the mildest white fish. I have eaten it on the bun and it is very tasty too. The blackening can be a bit heavy and chard so if you don't like that burnt taste you may want to have it grilled. That spicy kick and filling but healthy selection keeps me going throughout the busiest of days!" 7XXmky6YYjsvKFwho_eavg I was visiting for the weekend and we were looking for somewhere to go watch the LSU versus Alabama game and we chose Lot 17. When we arrived we were able to find seats at the bar since there was barely anyone there. They have a nice selection of draft beers. The food was definitely above average for a bar. The sweet potato fries are as good as advertised and the dipping sauce could be consumed with a straw but the TV selection leaves a little to be desired. I understand it is a PITT bar but with 95% of the bar focused on the LSU Alabama game you would think they could have moved the PITT game to a corner TV and use the center TV with sound for the majority of the bar that was concerned in the 'Epic' game. They did switch the games around while PITT was at half but as soon as that game started the LSU game was back relegated to the corner. The manager even made some comment that our group didn't appreciate but whatever it's not like I will be back anytime soon. If you are looking for some good bar food I say stop on by. If you are looking to watch a big game outside of Pennsylvania sports you may want to choose elsewhere or be relegated to the corner without sound.   and I want food that I KNOW is going to be solid Very good...... Enjoyed the food!  their crab cake sandwich is outstanding I have had other food at Lot which has been good so I felt the need to rate it 3 stars.  I will go back eventually but it won't be for a fish sandwich."  one of the best things about the meal was the side order of Brusselsprouts.  They were fantastic.  I cannot wait to come back here again.  The atmosphere was also great!  Our waitress was friendly  service is usually great. A few TVs line this place so it's a good place to watch a game. I'd watch anything there if it was served with a side of that sweet potato fry sauce."  it's a terrific atmosphere - one that makes you feel comfortable as soon as you walk in. A great beer selection with rotating specialities on tap always creates a welcoming feeling in my mind. But its the food that draws me back over and over and over again. The menu is predominantly sandwiches and wraps but the selection is VERY good. There are dinner entrees as well and I've ventured there a few times and was pleasantly surprised.. But the sandwich is king here. Oh yeah One thing that I always definitely do here is find the Pittsburgh Earthquake crack.  Not much is out there information wise for this event  I realized I had gone there once in the past for lunch with other co-workers. What does this mean? Lot 17 is ultimately a forgettable lunch destination. Even with my below-average experience The bartender was beat. We left without being acknowledged or served (and we literally waived our arms).  Could be good  electronic jukebox that I will definitely have to give a try next time!  And obviously I will have to eat there in the future  but it's really hard to fake an appetite after knowing what kind of product they're willing to serve for appetizers. Hopefully I'll be able to improve my review after trying more of the menu. Fingers crossed." My Merlot was decent but the calamari was not. The calamari while had hints of Italian seasoning was bland and became soggy of the cooked vegetables that they had underneath it. Plus I think I found a fry or two with the vegetables. Also Lot 17 had some funky smells throughout the time that we were there. Service could have been better. I might return for drinks but only drinks.  and calamari.  The best of the dishes were the mushrooms stuffed w crab meat and topped w red peppers...the fries and calamari were terrible!  I don't want to come back here...it's over priced and the food is below ave" Decent place for drinks and apps - it was crowded so they must be doing something right.  I would check this place out again and try a full meal."  I'd just be very very careful with what I order. Maybe thoroughly research the other reviews for the good stuff. I mean "I always enjoy my time at Lot 17. You can just hang out and grab a beer or enjoy some food in the back. The food is amazing. I especially enjoy the Mediterranean Seafood Salad. It is a MUST ORDER. The sweet potato fries are a great compliment to any of the burgers A shoulder shrug could be used to describe Lot 17."  the food comes out quickly & the prices are reasonable." But you can't go wrong - the Lot 17 salad is killer good. And the Jerk Chicken sandwich with the grilled pineapple is my wife's favorite. Not to mention the amazing sweet potato fries and the crack-like brown sugar butter dipping sauce. Always a good rotating selection of good beers and I'm always happy to choose among several I would drink anytime. In fact I live in Bloomfield and this is my go-to place. Service can be a little lacking in the back but the food is always good and they have a good beer selection. Love the outdoor tables! The service was quite friendly  you can purchase a $50 ""hot card"" for just $25 through PG Daily Deals (http:  deals.post-gazette.com ) and use it here or at any one of about 30 participating restaurants... just look for whatever restaurant they are featuring with the hot card to get one!" I would give them 5 stars except the service is just so-so and its often wayyy too packed in the bar area (sometime to the point of not being able to get in to pick up your take-out) but other than that I like to call this place the Mario's of Bloomfield." We Love it !!! over and over again.... NEVER a bad experience!! Consistently great food at a fair price.  I suggest the French Dip - a new addition to the already great menu.  but in my opinion there are a bunch of other sweet places to visit in Bloomfield on a night out. The actual bar is unique and actually pretty cool on the inside. I don't know what I would call it  I always appreciate when managers and or employees meet our requests with a friendly attitude and a sense of understanding. Lot 17 worked with us to plan this mixer for our members Bread Pudding by far the Bestest in the Burgh!" The Lot is my spot. Had a party there on Friday night and it was great. We had about 25 people upstairs. John made us fish and a filet and both were really good. We had an open bar for three hours to go along with the food and Lisa waited on us and hustled up and down the stairs all night. All in the total cost was reasonable and we all had a blast. Definitely recommend the lot for your next party of 20 to 25 people. UPDATE: I have had more of their food and it all holds up.  When I'm in the mood for french fries this is where I go.  Their potroast sandwich has become my ultimate go to comfort food and their salmon BLT is just "I came here for the first time Saturday to watch the atrocious pitt vs. UVA football game. We got there early enough to secure Seats at the bar. It got packed quickly once the game started as lot 17 is a true ""pitt"" bar. Service at the bar was very prompt and friendly despite them being very busy. We started off with an order of garlic jerk wings which were very tasty. Not overly spicy or garlicky and cooked perfectly crisp. I later ordered the Rachael with sweet potato fries. My boyfriend ordered the Reuben with Cajun fries.they have several other menu items that looked good: a salmon blt  although I wish the dressing was already inside the wrap because the wrap was packed so tightly it was difficult to get the dressing ratio right in the wrap. The turkey club also had a lot of flavor to it as well and the garlic mayo gave it a nice touch. The salmon BLT was not as good as the ones I have had at Piper's Pub but still adequate. I'm not a huge calamari fan so it was just ok for me. We will for sure be back in the future since this is a gathering place for my boyfriend and some of his friends." "This place is the real stuff. Just moved from portland OR. and its the only place that reminds me of home. Great food  very clean!  Hopefully I get back to the Pittsburgh area again for another visit." "Great food and service all around. Visited from out of town and the bartender gave us great ideas of what to do. The food was awesome. Definitely recommend the short ribs mac & cheese  bacon and chipoltle ranch). The chipotle ranch added just the right amount of kick and I loved that the turkey they used was of the carvery style. I took half of this home and it was good reheated the next day. They also have a new short rib mac and cheese entree and a pretzel crusted salmon dish  try the coconut crusted chicken fingers." Love it and can't wait to go back." "I've been to Lot 17 a few times usually to meet up for drinks with friends and usually in a large group of folks.  Last night I met a friend for a late dinner.  He ordered the calamari and a burger and had a couple of beers and he really enjoyed it; I ordered the Caesar salad with chicken and we shared some sweet potato fries.  I had a glass of red wine but it wasn't very good "I stopped in due to Caliente being overly crowded due to the CBS release.  I ordered the works burger.  I asked for it to be medium and I received a very well done burger.  The Cajun fries were lukewarm in temperature.  The atmosphere and taps were above average.  This is a textbook neighborhood bar.  I would not seek this place out "The service is fantastic and the food is amazing! The daily specials are unique and never disappoint. When I stop in for a drink The best place in Bloomfield! Love the new decor & outdoor seating! Food is to die for...delicious! Highly recommend!! The best place in Bloomfield! Love the new decor & outdoor seating! Food is to die for...delicious! Highly recommend!!  the bartender even went out of his way to use his horseradish for his bloody marys and make me some horsey mayo to dip my fries in." I have been coming here for 11 years. Some things never change and i applaud the consistency. The lot 17 salad and the jerk chicken wings are the best things you will ever eat. I came here as a college student and have come to this place everytime im in town for the salad and the wings. They have been consistently delicious for the past 11 years so this review is way overdue!!!  Its a college bar with outstanding food! Order the jerk wings and the lot 17 salad and be prepared to be blown away! My favorite place in Bloomfield. I will say the bartender that is on matters but get the owner or Pat and this is one of the best bars I've been to in years!  toast and bacon and it was delicious. My boyfriend had the breakfast sandwich (I can't remember the exact name) but he stated it was one of the best breakfast sandwiches he has ever had. The Bloody Marys were also on point! I think we have found our new Sunday morning brunch spot." 7XXmky6YYjsvKFwho_eavg  but that means you need to be at least a little bit nice to your customers. Both the waitress and the bartender were downright hostile. I can't even really review the food  delicious food and huge TVs to watch the game on. I hope to swing by Lot 17 again in the near future! (and THANKS for supporting the animal rescue community!!)" The restaurant itself is smaller and got pretty loud for a random weekday evening. Make sure to bring your butt cushions because those wooden seats can get a tad uncomfortable if you sit there long enough." 7XXmky6YYjsvKFwho_eavg I live in the neighborhood and want to be able to say awesome things about every business here. Just can't do it. Yeah prices are good and food is ok and comes out quick but there's nothing special going on here. Sports Bar in every sense of the phrase from televised sports to the sports fan patrons. Not my scene. From the provolone wedges & marinara to the fish sandwich & burger EVERYTHING was delicious. The service was fantastic.  We'll be back for sure. "I absolutely love this place. The bartenders are super nice Great Beer selection good sandwiches and a basket of popcorn when you sit down. Very reasonable prices.  but I'm not a frequent patron.  If you're in the area grab a bite to eat at restaurant in the same stretch and stop by the Saloon for a drink!" I also wanted to give them a big THANKS to the Saloon. During the big snow snowstorm of 2010  the second you walk through the door it's vaguely sewer-ish. Their roof deck is okay Even something as simple as the buffalo chicken tenders I ordered last time as a fail-safe hope for a meal - after two previous disappointing experiences - scored below-average. The buffalo sauce was almost gritty "Bad food even for a bar and some of the beer prices were a bit much.  This place has a nice layout Great bar menu and beer selection as well.  The wings are the best in town."  a feature most sports bars in this town seem to be lacking. Prices and selection seemed on point and the bartender hooked it up! :) All in all I was super satisfied." Although I don't frequent that often great place outside the city I ordered the buffalo wings -- hot -- and I really liked them. They had good meat on them and the hot sauce had decent flavor to it. Seems like this place puts decent effort into quality food and drink  and Yuengling drafts are less than $3. What more could anyone possibly want?? I have yet to find a Saloon replacement in Chicago where I now live. Every time I come back to Pittsburgh to visit family So the joint looks like it may have seen some better days... if you serve me some bangin' hot wings that are making me dream about them later and a row of around 30+ beers on tap Parking can be a challenge.  I'd also like to mention that this is Mt Lebanon.  The police there WILL ticket you for ANYTHING.  Make sure you are parked in a legal spot.  They'll seriously chalk your tires and time you to see if you leave your car parked too long in a timed spot.  So be mindful of that!"  hoagies and sandwiches to choose from on the menu that range from good to really good. It's bar food not fine dining but its always fun in there and the beer selection and atmosphere rocks!!" There are other great bars in Mt Lebanon that are far more deserving of your money." This place is just okay.  Food isn't that great.  It's kind of dark & dingy.  Lots of TV's though.  I prefer Cain's Saloon...just right down the road. Good beer selection and great additional space when the deck is open. Typical dive and bar food. Crowded on Friday Saturday nights.  they blast a collection of random music that has no flow. The crowd consists mostly of guys in their late 20s who wear beanies and fedoras and like to hunt the crowd in their high school wolf packs and cougars who most likely live in the area."  but I've had good food at several bars before. The service was also overwhelmed and really slow. You would've been better off walking up to the bar and ordering a drink on your own. Needless to say  but smells like an old fraternity house. It has a lot of beers on tap and a great following. I like that it's close to my apartment They lose a star based on the french fries. Over the past year they changed the food menu-- they used to have great beer battered fries but have since gotten rid of them." I met future husband here 12 23 09 at a girls night out when he was out with his buddies celebrating the divorce of his friend. We got married 9 20 14. Great local bar with a great selection of beer on tap. My wife and I normally end up there a couple times a week and always enjoy our visits.  they were interesting.  The ""regular""  sauce had a ton of black pepper and also parmigian cheese.  They were cooked good  but that's about the only positive thing I had to say about this place. I usually dig the sports atmosphere  30 craft beers on draft. Other menu items are solid and the bartenders are friendly and efficient. Even when they get weeded they keep an eye out and know when we need a refill or the check. When not too busy they take the time for small talk and get to know you. We live within walking distance which is a huge plus. More of a younger crowd on Friday Saturday nights but over all "Sit at the bar. They will take good care of you. The waitresses are  nonchalant terrible wait service and the smell of stale beer then head over to this joint.. Two stars because I will say that the manager made a solid attempt at rectifying the poor job of our server." This place has the best draft beer selection by far in Mt. Lebanon and the menu is decent for bar food. Too bad the bartenders are slow and the wait staff are too few.  you know this place is bad news.  When you see positive reviews "Just finished eating at the saloon. We are from out of town so happened to pick it from a list of restaurants provided by our hotel. We found it to be wonderful. Enjoying a Sunday night with football on television  but their draft beer selection is top notch. It's somewhat surprising as this is just a neighborhood bar This place doesn't do it for me at all. I guess if your not cool with the employees you have to wait three weeks for a drink. Two times in this place was one to many for me.  but for bar food...love it.  Always a good selection of craft beer on draft!  Would highly recommend.  Just wish there was a pool table ...but not enough room.  :("  but I think it would be a cool place to hang with the gang to watch a game or chill after a long day at work."  and that was much better than I expected. Atmosphere and service are o.k. Best on a Thursday night  salads and the best patio in Pittsburgh.  I am especially grateful that it is open again after the fire last summer.  If you can't sit outside  awesome patio. The absolute best people-watching and drinks spot in the city. Glad to have you back I actually don't even remotely hate this place. It's a fun place to be." And you have to give this bar credit for using a flame-logo after having burnt down 3 times."  and was friendly enough to chat with us for a few minutes each time she came by.  The burger I ordered was about two inches thick and very tasty.  Our shared pierogies and hummus with pita vanished within minutes."  hoping we could pull off a memorable bacon-y Pittsburgh experience. Though I'm told others have had better luck our server was forgetful and many jokes were made to explain time and time again why no bacon had appeared. I'd say skip the bacon night. Other wise the turkey burger I had was affordable and tasty with a salad on the side. I had an organic Oatmeal ale that I would recommend. The menu was humorous and others at my table were also pleased with their food. It's a step up from standard bar food and not greasy which is a +. The interior was dark- too dark for my tastes unless your on a date and after that mood. Outside was nice- they ran out of seating shortly after we arrived and several people stood around us  you know the type... she is doing you a favor by taking your order.  I had the pierogies appetizer which was flavorless potato filling served in a overcooked pasta shell served in vegetable oil with maybe one or two slices of onions.  Come on!  This is Pittsburgh. You should be ashamed.  Then another server brought my burger and I made the unforgivable mistake of asking her to grab me another beer.  Sorry  I'd come back if I was looking for a date place to have a light dinner or a place to chill with some close friends." 3 stars for Harris Grill. I would definitely recommend this place when you just want to go out on a casual fun night with friends. You can grab a drink Sunday brunch is also designed to cure the common hangover see you again in '09 harris grill!"  they have a great selection of beers and a nice atmosphere. My most recent experience here was a three-starrer though- we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table for 6 and were seated at a table for 4 with 2 chairs on one end (it was new year's day at 8pm  because it's just too damn expensive.  $6 beers?  $6 for 6 wings?  Why do hipsters like overpaying for things?  I don't know  Harris is a good choice - if you don't mind waiting." Overall I love this place and I don't think the drinks are more expensive than most of the other places on Ellsworth - half price frozen cosmos are definitely worth it.  Service is also usually great."  we still hadn't seen Amanda (our waitress for those paying attention).  An hour went by and we had had enough. I really couldn't believe this.  Not only did we not have our food I will always stay an advocate of Harris.  It is a happy place for me!" The service and waiting time for a seat can be a serious drawback. Some of the wait staff are great  they were also offering a new cocktail on special.  It consisted of fresh muddled watermelon.  There were even seeds in the glass!  It was tasty and novel I'm also a big fan of their food; most notable the buffalo chicken dip which has a really strong You need no other motivation to go to Harris' (although It's definitely a place worth checking out (you guys be sure to take a stop in the bathroom while you're there... I hear they have a very interesting urinal)  this very pink booze slushie is amazing. Go with a big group and ask for the lounge upstairs or a window booth. Service is usually either chipper and delightful or just barely okay. We don't come here for the service or the dim lights - we go for a good meal and you should too."  and the bar and restaurant are good places for cheap food on colder winter nights." I definitely recommend giving this place a try.  As other reviewers said (March 10th Bells Brewery will be there)"  but stick to the drinks or wings.  It's a fun place with a great atmosphere and happy hour.  Prices are moderate and pretty standard for Shadyside."  i had about 4 bloody marys during the hour wait for my table so I was full anyway."  or couches if you prefer to lounge around.  The lighting is dim but warm.  Music is contemporary and lively.  It's a great place for young people."  I would never go back again if it wasn't for the fact that I have a gift certificate. The only things Harris has going for it right now are its patios  the Harris Grill is a fantastic place to spend an evening eating and imbibing.  The patio is seasonally quite comfortable  I'm told the urinals in the men's room are ""interesting.""" "For a summer chill-out spot in Shadyside--especially during happy hour--I don't think it gets better than Harris Grill. Patio seating and half-price drafts: yes please. The menus for beer and food are both varied and interesting I personally did not like the waiters as they are a bit pushy with trying to get you to order more drinks food. Their selection of beer seems pretty cool Forgo the thought you'll park close to Harris...it's tucked in a great neighborhood...embrace the walk. Embrace the heat of the wings. Embrace what local joints in Pittsburgh have to offer."  I really like the vibe of this place.  It's totally unpretentious although it's in a very prententious part of the city.  The crowd is usually laid back and it's a great place to hang out with some friends  but the beer selection was awesome.  There were several Belgium beers and our waitress was very good at suggesting some very good beers that I have not had before." "My go to spot when I just want to relax with some friends.  Great drinks and craft beer selection is coupled with very good food.  Make sure to checkout the lounge upstairs during those cold winter months.  During the summer grab a seat on either the front patio for people watching Would I go back again? Only because I live nearby."  just hope you get a good server." Downsides: waiting for outdoor seating; smokers outside" rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA "It's a good thing Harris Grill has good beer and Bacon Night since otherwise you wouldn't have anything to occupy you for the 45 minutes to an hour it takes to get food on your table from the point in time that you order.  FYI - definitely order that last round of drinks (plus an additional one) as you ask for your bill since the poor service doesn't stop when the food actually gets to your table.  I wrote HG off the first time I went there The menu and attitude of the place is witty and fun  it certainly has one of the widest & best beer selections in the city. I've also heard tell that the frozen cosmos are quite good." Overall: Might go go back and not get a salad.  The beer selection looked promising." rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA I'm eagerly awaiting it's spring and summer enviornment so I can give a well rouneded Maybe it was because it was a busy Saturday night that I was disappointed. I was expecting some high class bar food at this spot. The common theme of the meal was that although the dishes were competently executed I have had a hard time since moving to the east side of the country to find a brunch that is worth talking about. Harris Grill does brunch and spicy bloody marys right. The service during Sunday Brunch can be a bit slow..but aren't we all after a good night out?" rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA I'm already looking forward to my next trip to Harris Grill!!"  eating amazing hummus and drinking beers and cocktails.  We won't be back again (at least) until the end of June Next time I visit Pittsburgh I will do brunch there with friends  i've also come here with a posse of dudes and not to mention on suit night with my best guy friend.. its always a good time.  i love dining here esp when its warm out so my friends n i can chill on the deck n drink to the moon and stars"  little place with outside seating. We sat at the bar. Got great service!" And the best part about Harris Grill?  You can hang out there without any of the Shadyside rubbing off on you.  So go forth  where it's free. The menu is hysterical and will make you laugh all the way through and the drinks are delicious. Definitely a must for anyone who's never been. You'll just want to keep coming back" "No complaints about this place. I tend to gravitate towards this place mid afternoon with my laptop...love the vibe here. Outdoor patio or And they're open late (1:30) which is a huge plus for Pittsburgh. Definitely think I'll spend some more time there." To eat I had the pulled pork sandwhich and a side of mac n cheese. The flavor of the pulled pork was good and the pasta was delish. I will say the pork had some fatty bites that I didn't care for. All in all when the start of  a dining experience starts the way ours did it can be salvaged with the right customer care. Ours wasn't plain and simple."  but won't be back to harris grill"  I'm not one to ever order anything that doesn't have meat in it. But I would truly go back to Harris Grill JUST FOR THE EGGPLANT LASAGNA. The eggplant was breaded and fried and layered with pesto Yeesh. Too bad I wasn't as cute as one of those girls at the end of the bar."  nice music and fun & tasty menu items! I love it here."  I became knowns as a mojito abuser overnight because of this place They'll have to knock their game up several notches to achieve the potential contained in their great ideas." they also have some pretty good cocktails and a lot of choices in the alcohol department. again  love that they integrate local ingredients.  Lunch menu affordable." "Great place to be at on Friday or Saturday nights. The patio outside is sweet. They also have a ""patio"" in the back  Pussycat"" on the jukebox 10 times in a row and made a lot of people laugh hysterically!" This is my favorite bar in Pittsburgh and I hope you check it out if you havne't yet.  Wait for the patio Great drinks (frozen cosmos!!) but the food and service leaves something to be desired. Try the Sunday brunch!  feels intimate and kind of dark and cozy. And I especially like the big booths right in front of the giant window overlooking Walnut Street "A pleasant enough little place for ""Hipster Yinzers"" to engage in those unique conversations where everyone talks simultaneously and loudly and no one is heard. The fare is somewhat overpriced for minuscule drinks 2 Patios-front and back"  so possibly not the best place for people who are hard of hearing." You wouldn't bring someone's dessert out with their meal The first quenching sip of that half-price RASPBERRY COSMO and I was sold!  Add on some true ""Pittsburgh"" food (I'm talking about putting fries in a salad There are plenty of other bar restaurant destinations in Pittsburgh that can deliver and execute the same idea in a much better way. Avoid Harris Grill."  the food is relatively well-priced and the location is great (if you can find parking). I recommend going elsewhere though because it just isn't worth being treated so poorly by the staff. Management should take note."  and the drinks are pleantiful.  My only word of caution:  if you're on a budget and a bender  my friends love Harris Grill and I love my friends.  I just sincerely hope they hire more competent waitstaff.  Revising their menu wouldn't be a bad idea  came by and took care of it for us without our asking. So either they've been reading the Yelp reviews about service or we were there on a good night."  it is probably a 3.5. They have a stellar frozen cosmo but the rest of the drink menu is just okay. Their food menu is a hit or miss. Their turkey burger and mac'n'cheese are great but the rest is probably just okay. Their desserts are unimpressive and it is hard to underwhelm me when it comes to sugar. So I would say  and three different people checked up on me after the incident with my sandwich My only complaint is that they don't show how much the food would have cost without the discounts on the receipt "I had a great time.  great food and cocktails.  exciting ambiance The most recent and I promise the last time I will ever go to the Harris Grill was a Sunday for brunch.  Again a 30min wait for a party of 3 to be seated.  I understand that - its Sunday - its Brunch - lots of places have a wait.  But again we watched table after table go empty and stay dirty.  Finally seated it again took 20 minutes to get our drinks - orange juice. And then the waitress only brought two of the three beverages.  The third took another 10 minutes.  Seriously??  Our food took an hour. SERIOUSLY OVERPRICED!!  Several items on the menu were out.  (We arrived at noon for a brunch that was supposed to last from 10-2pm).  The menu was prix fixed at $14.  $14 for two pieces of French toast with disgusted  and served in decent-sized portions. I would come here again although there are certainly better venues for brunch in the city."  chipotle mayo on ciabatta?? Two of my favorite things."  and the bartender didn't give us an attitude for trying to hurry up and order apps and beers before happy hour ended!  That started the night off good.  Our eggplant lasagna was TO DIE FOR Their beer list is great and their other mixed drinks are really interesting combinations." "Disclaimer: This review is only for their Sunday brunch. Wasn't impressed by their Sunday brunch. Didn't like the presentation of the buffet. It was in a small area and felt kind of cramped. The salad was made with iceberg lettuce and didn't look appetizing. My friends ordered orange juice and each glass was filled to the brim with large pieces of ice I tried the pasta once and it was tasteless." ""PS"" I did not expect the salad to be huge or grand but decent and somewhat hearty I am sorry i don't go to Pittsburgh as often for work cause this place was a gem!"  but maybe I've just dined here too often?  I don't know.  I just havent had my mind blown here in awhile." "Best gem in Shadyside. The drinks! The food! All consistently great. Servers are friendly and very funny. Always leave with a smile on my face Parking:  I live in the Los Angeles area where parking issues are a way of life but Shadyside parking is unbelievably complicated.  (or I just don't know the insider tricks just yet)  Unless I lived in the area or there was relatively easy public transport to this otherwise very charming neighborhood "The vibe here is great. The servers et cetera have great energy and are the kind of people I'd like to invite to sit down and share dinner with them. I have only been there twice. I had the Henny Penny twice and it was a very different sandwich on each visit. The first time it was over-spiced. It was dry and I'd swear it had no cheese. The second time I had the jerk Mac and cheese and it was spicy... I have nothing else to add about that.  I also had the frozen Cosmo (which the bartender tells me they are famous for). It was ok - if you like frozen drinks.  The wait staff however was original with their loud talk about personal hygiene... The happy hour specials were a great deal and the staff was really nice. Also love that the patio is in the shade all afternoon evening. Great summer spot." Beers also aren't overpriced. WIN." Next time I visit Pittsburgh; I'm definitely stopping in again.  Probably one of the most memorable dinners out in a while!  Thank you."  with attention at the right moments and minimal interruptions. A great level of service for enjoying a few drinks. The food is by all appearances standard bar fare but who cares; the lord didn't give me a liver for eating. A very enjoyable bar and outdoor seating arrangement. Although I did not probe the wine selection Very good short rib tacos. Long wait for food though. Their mixed drinks though are sub par. Even their famous frozen cocktail is not as good as I thought they'd be. Stick with appetizers and beer!" I wish all brunch buffets were like this. It is a tiny bit cramped when there are several people loading up plates rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA "I don't understand why this place is so popular.  I've been there 4 times and each time the food was pretty gross.  Most recently rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA  I'm a big Harris Grill fan and will be back again - just not for brunch." "I wish I could give this 4 stars as Harris Grill is one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh but the past two times I have been for brunch it has been less than par.  Many things went wrong during my most recent brunch experience which include them running out of plates for the buffet and not being able to replenish the food fast enough.  Once you waited for the food to be replenished (about 10-15 minutes) it was just average. The buffet had an omelet station Love the outdoor patio and the happy hour rocks!"  I wrote this review to call attention to a business practice which seems mutually detrimental to both the restaurant and the customer.  I don't hold grudges and I'm willing to treat the experience as a one-off." This is the perfect place to go with friends. Go in the spring best freaking restaurant and bar. all the food is amazing. all the drinks are amazing. all the staff are amazing. very knowledgeable too. I have a love hate relationship with their craft beer selection.  I love it because it's a nicely curated selection and there's always something I want to try.  I hate it because the beer I want is often kicked.  In fact  but ok.  We all agreed that we'd like to go back and try out a few other menu items.  Especially in the summer Great cocktails and atmosphere for a night with friends or hear downstairs for the bar atmosphere  it's fun to try your luck landing a table on the patio. Service can occasionally be slow outside and it almost always gets crowded Different flavors hitting my palate at just the right time made for a great night here.  I will definitely keep this on my short list when I need to calm myself after a hectic day at work."  especially after a couple of drinks. The bartenders are great (except for a douchebag that I believe has recently left). Harris boasts maybe the best brunch with amazing mimosas along with the buffet. In the summer months there is a chef that makes your omelettes however you want them right in front of you. Try the frozen cozmos- I have had some crazy nights off of those."  and relaxed. Service from Byron behind the bar was attentive without being overbearing. Nice people." It's a bar; it's a good bar--if you're looking for life changing event I would recommend staying home and punching yourself in the face if i were choosing a bar on elsworth for a pretty good time and more relaxed atmosphere I would go here. beer snobs Sitting outside eating the Mac Cheese + Chili + Pulled pork and drinking one of their many delish bourbon drinks I could not be any happier. good job Harris. Make sure to spend some time with the menu. It's a riot. Brilliant!" "This is a great place to go to during the summer time. I love sitting out on the patio. I got the chicken sandwich and my friend got the Pittsburgh salad. I would totally recommend getting any of the salads. The steak salad looked amazing (the people next to us got it) and the Pittsburgh salad tasted delicious. My sandwich was fine BTW it gets mega packed on the weekends. Prepare to wait (and maybe sample the drink menu)."  then the Harris and Shiloh grills are for you. Open for lunch now at 11:31 am. I removed a star because I had to circle the bar three times before I could park my car." Already went back within a week of my first visit to get another one of those white Russians - awesome!!!"  or come on a Sunday morning for their brunch (which is also nice)."  and lots of unique cocktails. The patio is very pleasant in the summer."  I have nothing but great things to say. The menu is hilariously superb and the bar items are excellent. I get the Ceaser salad frequently and also the macaroni and cheese and it is always top of the line. The ""f-bomb"" martini will satisfy any taste buds as it is always done right. The arugula steak salad is always a great choice and I could go on! Also be sure to visit its sister restaurant Shiloh on Mount Washington!" The menu is a little creative but has mostly basic bar food. If salad is your thing you must get the one with beets and goat cheese."  but service is not the greatest out there. Not a bad place but service could be better" Aside from the great food and drinks they are welcoming to all. My only complaint is the crowd. Maybe because it was a Friday night? Maybe because it was during the Pride Pub Crawl? I don't know... I just don't do well with screaming and obnoxious people as I'm trying to eat my sandwich and have a conversation with my friend. We were even upstairs and away from the bar. It's all whatever  I found one entire cigaret in the salad. CIGARET!!!! I have no idea how a cigaret can be in the salad. IT IS JUST DISGUSTING. We left without having the resting of the food." Tellem HITTofMCM sent ya!"  I will definitely be hitting this place up again. I just need to see where I can purchase one of those additional stomachs and an extra-stretchy pair of pajama jeans." PS. Tuesday is bacon night aka free bacon!" This place is awesome! Loved the outdoor patio and bacon night was on point! Also our server Paul was absolutely fantastic! Seriously such a nice guy! Definitely coming back! "Bacon night was fabulous. I will be back for more. Also we had great service with Paul the service guy  I really like their Sunday brunch menu.  If you are under 35 and are looking for a cool place to relax and grab a few drinks with friends this is it."  so I decided to head over to Harris Grill for a bite to eat on their deck. I ordered a glass of Merlot ($6) and their new roasted vegetable salad served with a side of fig dressing. For some reason or another  hipster place! The paintings on the walls have nuns and monks drinking and have a very artistic and fun vibe amongst the random gargoyle statues beside them! The menu is fun and is presented in a very comedic tone. They have an appetizer called ""Britney Spears"" rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA I didn't think the brunch selection was that great. The area where the buffet was located ended up being really cramped with everyone standing in line for their food."  try to go a little before 6:30pm to enjoy the last of their happy hour specials right before they start serving bacon. They have a nice selection of beer along with an extensive seasonal cocktail list (definitely recommend trying the frozen cosmo!) and a wide variety of wines. I enjoy coming here when the weather is nice and sitting out on their front patio.  I have only been here for happy hour and bacon night and have had the Spinach dip and Buffalo chicken dip. Both are great to snack on while drinking with friends.  Fun place to get together with friends for drinks and a few laughs."  I'd do it at least once a month or more.  The menu is diverse (and funny).  The service is timely and I saw a manager deal with a couple 'difficult' customers in a way that I'd want my manager to treat any customer.  Pittsburgh's lucky to have this place.  When we're back in town  based on reports from friends and the owner's comment (see below).  I'll have to come back another time to resample it--if I do No complaints here. I hope to come back with a smaller crowd." Great brunch deal! There will be a line if you arrive later than 11 am on Sunday because a 15-bucks buffet that has tons of wonderful food and one free coffee or juice or Bloody Mary just sounds so damn good! I love their waffles and egg Benny! But the dinner is just ok. That's why I only give a three to this one. Slightly expensive for what it was but whatevs."  two scoops of vanilla ice cream with a raspberry sauce (maybe chocolate sauce as well).. complete with whip cream. I loved it and i don't even care if you judge me for the calorie intake that i took in at this restaurant. I have full intentions on heading back before November is over to enjoy that dessert again!" Sometimes the drinks are better than others. I have ordered the same manhattan and the same bloody mary on different nights "I came here with a few friends today for a late lunch after a race. The service was quick and very friendly.  We ordered Totchos (tater tot nachos) to start and they were delicious! The buffalo chicken dip disappeared within minutes as it was better than any buffallo chicken dip any of us have had at a restaurant.  The seasonal cocktail menu was also great- I had the rum spiced cider and a pumpkin pie cocktail.  To top it off  a caouple of times. Harris Grill used to make awesome food an year ago..now its just boiled vegetablea..steak cut out for you..who would want that!!!!"  my service has always been great here. It can get quite busy and snotty at times from the customers who feel entitled to their neighborhood and the hosts hostesses take the brunt of that. They are really accommodating and very diplomatic dealing with the shittiness of some of the customers. That cannot be easy! Bartenders and servers have always been on top of service even during the busiest of nights."  many more summer evenings here whiling away the hours with great friends."  I mean maybe .. .. But overall it's always good. They always have living socials and groupons too!" "I have been here many many times and overall my experience is very good.  They have a good selection of drinks and decent food.  They mac-n-cheese dishes are delicious and so are their burgers (my favorite used to be their sliders but unfortunately they removed them from their recent menu). The ambiance is also great for both winter and summer (they have outdoor patios)  and there is some interesting religious art work on the walls." I had the Jamaican chicken mac special (the dish may have actually been titled ""Imagine the Rastabilities"").  The serving was huge  hangout and catch up with friends. The menu is funky and fun to read. Make sure you ask your waitress waiter if you have any questions about the food so you don't have any surprises when the food comes. The Mac and cheese is awesome!" So maybe Harris Grill will get another chance after it redeemed itself yesterday. All I have to remember is to not order a salad."  one of the best Shadyside happy hour spots. I'm already looking forward to spring so that I can sip some cosmos and unwind outside!"  drafts are half off from 4:30-6:30 every week day. I could see myself rotating between here and Mad Med for happy hour."  considering we are even greedier with our beers than we are with our bacon. Make sure to tip well and come often."  I'd be remiss if I didn't comment on the atmosphere. There's seating out doors for the warmer months. The building looks like it was a house at one time that got converted into a bar restaurant. There's an elegant staircase heading to the second floor Service was about what I'd expect for a place like this--not super attentive I'll be back next Tuesday  their prices. They are pretty expensive. I recently got my standard pierogies-and-mac meal for take out after not having visited for awhile "Went there with a Groupon; would've gladly paid full price. Hadn't been there in thirty years. Outstanding service Harris Grill is a fantastic place that gives you a well-proportioned and flavorful meal. I highly recommend going here if you need a burger fix or you need a place to enjoy with your close friends." Great ambience and good food! Got their spinach dip and lasagna aubergine. Both of those were amazing!  unquote ""chic"" neighborhood decides to do a remix of their space and menu.  That has been the death knell of many established restaurants. (I miss Eddie's Restaurant in the Hill District for a good old-fashioned soul food breakfast.  However One negative: sometimes the wait staff can be a bit on the slow side in following up after food is delivered. One time(not this past visit  they just put it on top.  So basically it was lobster mac and cheese with some bacon strips on top.  I was expecting either bacon bits mixed with everything or even bacon strips submerged in the cheese.  Nonetheless "Came here with a friend the other night for food and drinks. Had the pork sandwich and it was so-so. My friend had the jerk chicken mac and cheese and it was amazing. If I ever come back that's definitely what I'll get. Our server was a little wishy-washy and seemed like he was having a bad night. Overall Just be careful at the bar. The drinks are good but they can be very strong....the bartenders have a little bit of a heavy hand! I tend to order things that are bottled so as to avoid this. That being said  we were stuffed and very satisfied. I didn't think I could love Harris Grill more than I already did Excellent bar service and a few great dishes make this place one of my local favs!  Jerk Mac and cheese knows few rivals "Ask for Justin on the back porch. He's amazing. He knows his beer and has a really dry sense of humour  pierogies and sauteed veggies.  Wasn't a huge fan of the frozen cosmo (too bitter for me) but we enjoyed the atmosphere!"  which includes your first drink. (I recommend the frozen mimosa!) The buffet had a solid variety of quality eats - chicken & waffles (together or separate) Clean it up Harris Grill and I'll be back!" "Brunch on the patio with a complimentary bloody (or frozen mimosa)! All you can eat  I found the menu to be very irritating. Having ""cutesy"" names for all of the items on the menu made for a long ordering time because I had to read descriptions of each items as opposed to taking a quick glance at things with the fear that I may miss something that I would have preferred to order. Our server A neat place to keep in mind if you are in the neighborhood. I had no wait for a table for 4 on a holiday weekend." My favorite food - Mac and cheese with jerk chicken. It's good!!!" Given it's proximity to our apartment and our really nice experience  I would have just left after his opening line of telling us everything that wasn't available that night on menu (99% of the menu) in lightning speed. Totally stressful. UGH. Horrible experience. Salmon salad was not good at all. Will not be going back ever."  he had a steak sandwich that he loved and I had a unique strip steak over mac and cheese. The decor is a mix of grill and grunge with the right amount of humor. Definitely a step above in terms of feel "What a cool place. We were having a bad night out for food. One place packed one place blaaaaa. We walked out of place two. That's when we went to Shadyside and went to The Harris Grill. We have seen it before but never have gone and I'm not sure what we waited. Cool place great atmosphere and the food was top notch. My wife went with the steak salad with the steak RARE and they hit the mark. I had a sample and it was great. Me I opted for the vegetarian zucchini pasta dish. It was awesome. Zucchini Harris Grill is very yummy. I frequented there for awhile! The menu will make you laugh and the options are pretty good. Typical bar food and REALLY good Mac and cheese. Best for late night and dinner. I was not impressed by the brunch buffet and they don't serve lunch. Would only go for dinner.  this is where I met my fianc!  I also like their frozen cosmos... They're delicious!" "Went for lunch. Really fantastic service. Good menu options. Food was okay. Okay  but a really trendy place in a cute part of the city. The mac and cheese and desserts are incredible. Its dark inside but the unique food makes up for it!"  I was pleased with my meal and with the amount I owed once I got my receipt. I'm really going to have to come here on Tuesday to experience bacon night. I hear it's a good time." Dislikes include the long waits 000 of my questions! Thx for patience and information!   Tuesday is Bacon Night!  Free bacon at bar after 630!  Happy Hour (430-630) is throughout the 2 story restaurant including  $5 apps (Dry-Rub Bacon Wings are fantastic as well as calamari ) and half price frozen Cosmos!  Yum! Menu is fun to read!  Here on business but if ever back in town Parking can be challenging on Ellsworth so be prepared to walk a bit."  but is a hard place to converse due to the only seats facing one direction (instead of facing each other.)"  The buffet always kept with a decent amount of everything so we didn't have to wait at all. Everything that I had was of decent quality and for the price I really can't complain! Needless to say I've been here four times now and have yet to be disappointed. The servers I've had have been very knowledgable of the (very entertaining and unique) menu and specials offered at the time. The atmosphere is very relaxed and comfortable without being too loud. An upstairs lounge area is great for relaxing nights out with a few friends. The food is delicious (highly recommend the Mac and cheese). Always a great experience!  it's a diverse menu which makes it easy to dine there with a large group of friends or family because of the variety.  They also have a full bar and a great selection of beers and wine available.  The atmosphere is casual and laid back and I've been there for work events on a few occasions and we've always been pleased.  I will definitely be back!"  but the Mac & Cheese is so good that I don't know if I can ever visit Harris without getting some. It is SO creamy and cheesy and they will make it custom with pretty much whatever you want. Onions? Mushrooms? Fried Egg? Tator tots? Yes. Please go get some." "My 1 star is as misleading as their drink menu. Who the fuck has a table of contents on their drink menu. I instantly saw ""Grill cocktails.........4"" and so I ordered a cocktail. I get my bill The food was really terrible..I ordered the well done rising titanic burger.... after almost 45 mins they came with a pink burger....after I complained they bring a bacon burger instead with over coocked side vegetables! "Amazing experience! I travel to a lot of countries and states for work so I eat out and Stay in plenty of towns and cities we were in town from the Cleveland area for a mini vacation! This has been by far one of the best dining and bar experiences I've had! Took my girlfriend here for her 31st birthday! She went to The college nearby and said I wouldn't be disappointed! She was absolutely right! The food was superb and even though we had to wait 45 mins for a table it worked out And was Worth it  from said skeptic mama to my 86-year-old grandfather. The service is excellent and the ambiance welcoming. Harris  Harris Grill is the place to be. I was not hungover but still enjoyed the complimentary mimosa. Any of their options would have been great but I ended up having the mini chicken sandwiches. I was able to enjoy my food and catch up with old friends without having to shout. Affordable and yummy food makes Harris Grlll a go-to place for brunch." Have been here a couple times for brunch in the last few months. Great food and love that the brunch comes with a drink! Will keep coming back. "The Harris Grill has remained one of my favorite places to eat in the Pittsburgh area for years. The food is amazing My family was in town visiting and we wanted to stop and relax for some brunch before they hit the road. I can not say enough about our waiter! He did so great with my two year old niece and my sister (who was a server herself) said it was the best treatment she's had with a two year old in a very long time. Thank you for all being so considerate. The food was awesome and we will definitely be back!  they have above average food at a reasonable price.  A few of the negatives are the limited bar seating which often fills up at busy times  but I keep returning because the staff is wonderful and the food and the drinks are fantastic!! Definitely a good place to go if you want to make friends and eat fresh comfort food. I am addicted to their frozen mimosas." FLAWLESS & WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK."  and it has been over a year since we've been here.  But as always we've been very pleased with our meals and the waitstaff at this location." Good food great atmosphere nice dining room great outdoor seating cool bar friendly staff cold beer nice variety of mixed drinks specially drinks BOOM!!! "My cousin recommended this place. It had a nice ambiance and a cool decor. I ordered the seafood macaroni and cheese. It was excellent! I would personally prefer more seafood If you're looking for a fun and hip-but-not-very-hipster new American joint  and said that was some of the best vegetarian chili he's had before (he ate the whole thing in 6 bites)." Ordered food through GrubHub on a particularly-cold day and it arrived hot delicious! Ordered a bowl--pierogies are out-of-this-world and the tofu had a bit of a spice to it. Grilled veggies were nice. Never been to Harris Grill even though I'm in their 'hood but will def frequent it from now on!  and he still really enjoyed his burger.  I definitely give their menu credit for being so creative (both with dishes and names of the dishes). I have dined here twice before and also had very good experiences both times. I will definitely be back!" cocktails - Moscow mule was good and Happy Ending was Fantastic!! - highlight of my day."  it was difficult to shake the grime and distinct sense of dinginess. Thankfully their grub redeemed the experience though the draft list left some room for improvement. Next time? Patio only fo sho!" Great salads and so much more to choose from. Menu offers so many fun choices. Nice place for Sunday brunch." Love this place and the staff. Recommend the calamari as a starter! And then try everything else. Lol  I found this place really not worth the price. My husband and I got a bacon cheese burger and a pork sandwich.  The burger was ok. We asked for medium rare but it was medium cooked. The sandwich and grilled vegetables sides were very salty and dry." So I might not be the target audience.  This is my friend's favorite bar.  I am not sure why.  The frat-boy like atmosphere may be it vSZDiKiF8vf9zt_BcDL7GQ The guy didn't even apologize for the website - it's called false advertising First and foremost. This is the worst lay out ever for a bar. You walk up stairs into a crowded mess because there is about 3 feet of walking room. Pricing is horrendous for beers. Food is ok. Thats all i got. Not too bad during the week. Weekend: dont bother. The outdoor patio bar is a nice touch in Summer." I'm personally in bed by 10.  I do like the ""south jersey cheese steak"" an awful lot."  enjoy the atmosphere.  I sat at the bar in between a homeless Vietnam Vet (who counted out the 40 cent wings bill in change) and two Chinese engineers working on some big project for Carnegie Mellon  eating wings and watching footbal couldn't be any better. I always stop by here whenever I travel back to Pittsburgh and I love it."  sandwich and some wings.  Many customers know each other and were very friendly.  So was the staff.  Ran into someone I work with.  Holy Cow!  Wings were pretty good. Had a sausage hoagie and it was good.  Beer is pretty cheap.   Daily specials on food and beer."  but today thus music was the nastiest hardcore rap that was just offensive. How many F-bombs can you realistically listen to while eating lunch and watching sports. Dropped 2 stars from what I would last night whenit used to be my favorite place in shadyside." vSZDiKiF8vf9zt_BcDL7GQ The waitress told us we had to leave our table right after we paid our bill (and tipped her generously) just because we hadn't ordered another drink. I have never been treated so rudely by a waitstaff before in my life.  but yesterday they did let me bring in a bowl of pho and eat it while all my other friends ordered wings and beer I would say this is a good bar to go with a large drunk group Even after bad experiences here I will still always come back for that."  this is a great sports bar. Too many TV's to count "Review base on wings n beer! Been here a couple of times now. I always seem to come when they have wings on special. Which works out great for me because I love wings  will try next time. Went there two days in a roll for drinks. Like the patio because it' s nice weather." Great beer and food specials.  They had the Michigan game on too!  I only stick with the wings as it's definitely just bar food!" "Went in there with friends knowing ""friends"" but everyone was rude. Unless you're a local don't go in there. They treat you like garbage I absolutely love William Penn Tavern. My favorite spot is the outdoor bar mainly because the inside is very crowded. The bar tenders are so friendly and the drinks are strong. This is a go-to spot for me in Shady Side!  but the bad hip-hop was too loud to be worth staying for more than one glass" "Wednesday night is wing night.  So I had to go with the Yuengling and wings.  Not terribly crowded or loud as others indicated.    Attentive service sitting in bar area.  Slightly limited menu "If you are looking for a good place to catch a game and have some pub food and drinks with a Pittsburgh flavor If you're drunk get the kitchen sink wings and mac & cheese bites! Their fried zucchini is pretty good too :) Bonus points for service and longevity" My only complaint is how crowded it can get... To the point where you can't move but I guess that means it's a popular place. They have an outdoor patio in the back"  but I'll submit that when an occasion calls for multiple screens of sports  I'd recommend a stop-in sometime to see if the place and vibe tickle your fancy." Bombbbbbbbbb A wings.  Cheap and tasty how we like it. Nice bartenders and speedy service. Decent beer specials. Only thing it's missing is a pinball machine.  Definitely will make this a regular spot! Even if you're just visiting the area "Typical sports bar with great wings! Kitchen Sink Wings were $.50 each the night we went. The fried zucchini was great as well (more breading then zucchini "Those stars are for the wings! If your not ordering wings don't come. I haven't tried everything on the menu buttttttt the nachos are skimpy and salty and those Mac and cheese bites are nothing but Kraft boxed Mac and cheese Oh and it's also the go-to bar for CMU students so if you're into that...."  the music here is so good that it makes my friends and I dance each time we come here. A place that allows some dancing is an automatic 5-star bar. In addition though Gets crowded with some college students and some older folks as well - might be difficult to get a table. However Highly recommend their wings - completely addictive.  Special house sauce all the way! No doubt about it.  Relax and enjoy." "I agree with others who have mentioned the kitchen sink wings.  They are really good and I would keep coming back for them alone.  They have a nice tv set up and always have the games on.  Beer selection could be better While I would certainly like to explore more of the menu and drinks offered in the main bar "Wings are perfect. Medium sized and crispy. Sauces are pretty good: Ranch: typical restaurant ranch  but cheap prices. Loud to begin with and louder still with music at an irritating decibel level. The patio is a small sticky slab of concrete. I made the mistake of coming on a Saturday evening  try not to get into a fight to spill a perfectly good full glass of Vodka Redbull and almost take out my chair and you should be good to go. Keep it up!"  the nicest staff in the city ... bar none!! Try the wings for sure ... always a great choice. But look at the specials board for inventive alternatives to the regular fare. A neighborhood classic!" "This is my go-to spot on nights when the wings are only 50 cents. You really can't beat Will Penn when it comes to wings and a great sports environment. It's a bit grungy since it's also a bar that's frequented by tons of college kids Great local bar. Phenomenal wings and beer specials. Great staff and a must visit for local tourist. Now what is in that kitchen sink sauce?! I've got it narrowed down to garlic  as absolutely every television was occupied with the same game.  (I then had to drive down to the waterfront to Dave&Busters to see the game My favorite college bar with delicious bar food.  The kitchen sink wings are a must - if you don't like wings you can get the kitchen sink chicken tender wrap which is amazing.  I love their mac n' cheese bites.  My go to drink was a john daly's which they make wonderfully.  The bartender's are nice - but be prepared for crazyness on the weekends! This is probably one of the most popular bars in Shadyside and gets nuts after 11pm.  worth every darn moment. We got the pulled pork and slaw plus the buffalo chicken wrap and fries. The food was astounding. The cook placed a little bit of his soul in that food. I have been so used to lack of caring of what comes out of most kitchens this gentleman was proud. He delivered it hot to our table and our server was that you would expect from any bar (feel free to get up and go track them down for whatever you need  the food is average and the prices aren't bad. Would recommend day drinking here My fav local hangout!!!! Staff is awesome! Food is phenominal!!!! Great place to watch a game. Ive met a few cool people here as well. Not to mention you can smoke in the back even in the winter due to the fact they have heaters. Very cool looking ones at that. I normally drop about 200 bucks each time I go. Not including and average 40 dollar tip. Maybe that's why the staff loves me and I get great service. Haha  this tavern with his name is a solid option." It's the go-to for Carnegie Mellon students. $5 pitchers and kitchen sink wings with a side of Mac and cheese bites NEVER disappoints. This seems like a fun place to drink and chill. It slowly got busier as the night went on."  and I just love the place. I'll miss it now that I've left the city but looking forward to visiting again." If you're in the area I highly recommend you to stop in for a few drinks and try some snacks. You won't be disappointed!" "I am only giving one star because Yelp won't let me give zero stars. I was here with a group of friends and had a TERRIBLE experience with the extremely rude security. All of us are transplants to Pittsburgh and come from different states. As many people know (and bouncers especially NEED to to know) I even like that the ads in the bathroom stalls have not been updated in something like 3 years.  And I really like the Pittsburgh and Shadyside cross stitched samplers that hang on the walls "One weekend we were looking for a place to grab breakfast brunch and Pamela's was SWAMPED. I wasn't familiar with any other place along Walnut that served breakfast  or maybe even your local councilman. It's a great little place w irish pub ambiance. Make sure to pop your head in for a drink or two on a Thursday night - you never know who might show up - like the Bud guy or the Jagermeister girls - it's a busy place It is an unpretentious place. No upscaled burgers with boursin or portobello mushrooms here. But it is not insistent on being a low brow greasy spoon either. You get reasonably cooked food at a reasonable price. The friendly and efficient service is a bonus."  undercooked and only had a few chips per pancake. My breakfast burrito didn't have the cheese I asked for and was pretty average. I needed a lot of ketchup because they really didn't try to put much salsa in it. My friends bacon was tiny (I mean  but had to wait around for a while before we had the chance. The place gets really crowded and you have to get there early (or get lucky) in order to get a seat. Pushing your way up to the bar can be kind of crazy. Drinks are reasonably priced and pretty much what you expect in Shadyside."  it's just a nice casual spot to get some grub without waiting for too long."  the service was good and the crowd was cool.  I'm not sure what else I could say about it... decent place to grab a beverage!"  go to some place like Harris Grill. But if you want good drinks and a good time in an environment that you can be laid back in  less than mediocre breakfast. Pamela's was closed and we were really hungry. Service was slow but they were nice about it. I don't plan to return and would choose an alternative."  it's the atmosphere that really sells Cappys.  It may very well appeal to you and is worth a shot." The prices are fairly cheap for being in Squirrell Hill.  I would advise anyone to eat there because I don't think the prices are out of the park at all.  Very affordable and the portions are quite large so it is well worth your dollars spent. :)"  unpretentious little place to grab some food.  I'll definitely go back." DkX3YoxhH4uADsgVgQThew  and not really in a good way.  Looks like the last time any money was put into the place was maybe 1979."  I don't see any reason to go here." It's not the cheapest place to drink at; it looks like a dive but it's not priced like one.  the food is good  and anyone looking for standard bar fare in this increasingly ritzy area may find a haven at Cappy's.  I'd never call this place delicious or wonderful I was surprised how good the food was. Great service very friendly people. P.S. The pictures above are in not of the Cappy's on Walnut St.  I'm not sure why they are posted here."  and I recommend going with one of their top sellers (noted on the menu) - they seem to be top sellers for a reason. Deviating from those doesn't pay off. But they do have outdoor seating  took two requests before it came.  Of course I arrived last and ordered 30 min after everyone else but my food came first.  The food is basic and inexpensive  which is my second favorite spot in a restaurant bar after the actual bar. I'd go back as I have now found a cheap alternative to the pricey (and sometimes pretentious ...) Shadyside restaurants that I like!" My wife and I moved away from the Shadyside area a few months ago.  Cappy's is the one thing we miss.  Big Mountain forever!" one funny thing that stood out was when we asked our server if they served any other meats aside from pork based meats she responded BACON! And no not turkey bacon... So clearly lil off there...  Other then that we order common breakfast .. Which was ok... I had the western omelette with turkey sausage ... The peppers and the onions were not sliced small enough and were overpoweringly huge ... Lil less On that lil more on the egg  the owner seems incredibly nice. I like supporting this local business!"  fresh food. Great breakfast sandwiches. Outdoor seating and a fantastic wait staff. Great local place." DkX3YoxhH4uADsgVgQThew  and I finally found a replacement for Shadyside Saloon. Now if only Cappy's could have a dart board..."  and I feel like I'm a 21-yr old college student when I go out there. It's miserable to be there on the weekend when it's so crowded because it's such a small space. The only reason I'm giving this bar 2 instead of 1 star is because the karaoke on Fridays (if you can handle the people and the crowd) is pretty good- although there are half a dozen better places to karaoke in Pittsburgh. Furthermore Food is.decent. karoake is the best I've gone to in a long time. The place is super small.though. that is the biggest disadvantage and why I give it 3 stars. You are practically sitting on top of people.  and yet there were a handful of people who went up to sing 3 or more times while we were there. A good host will make sure new entries get in before people who have gone already get to come up again (and again...and again)."  but it's full of good reliable staples. The coffee is always fresh and the Bloody Mary's are very good. Plenty of horseradish if you want it!" I'd give this joint zero stars if it was possible.  This is the worst spot on Walnut St!  I'm not even sure where to start. The bar is small and overpriced. I had a steak fajita wrap that tasted microwaved.  The vegetables weren't even cooked. This is a place no one wants to--or should ever want to go. My Mum came into town and wanted to go to Cappys. She heard about it from someone on facebook. We went right after it opened so we were the only ones in there. My Mum got some kind of Mexican soup and she loved it. I ordered the turkey pesto hoagie and Mum got a BBQ chicken wrap. We split our sandwiches half-and-half. I ended up enjoying the BBQ chicken wrap more than my hoagie. Overall lunch was pretty good and not to bad priced. We want to go back again to try some other choices they had on the menu.  simple and quaint. Stop in for Trivia night or during Sunday morning Brunch and you should not be disappointed with the local Shadyside cornerstone. Try the wraps  tasted like they were store Ore-Ida brand and had not even been fully baked in an oven or possibly just microwaved. Also ordered a medium burger and it came out well done with burnt bacon. Overall terrible over priced food experience. I would recommend never eating here. I didn't get a drink but the bar looked okay." Should be called crappys. So disappointed in food and its cost. The area and patio earned these 2 stars.. "Came in for a late lunch and got a bacon cheeseburger. The burger was cooked exactly the way I wanted and came out pretty quickly. Wait staff is very friendly. Kind of a dive bar  typical of a small little city spot. Good location. Outside seating was nice. Had a bit of a wait tho."  but not too full where you can't move. The Karaoke was good and you could tell there were some regulars hitting the stage. There were a few times they didn't have songs someone in our group requested "You get what you pay for. Went for brunch and spent $6. Wasn't great. Was there for over 2 hours because service was so incredibly slow. It wasn't even super busy. We had to get up from our seats to find someone to ask if we could have our check and then it took 18 min for them to bring the check to us. For 4 girlfriends All of the food was very good and came quickly. The staff was also very friendly"  has a fairly diverse crowd  but just enough that it doesn't make sense.  $7.00 for a craft beer in a dive?  C'mon."  try to get there early to grab a table or seat or you will be left standing all night as they fill up fast.  Drinks are priced average so no complaint there either." "Went here because we saw it on the Food Network Diners Drive-ins and Dives.  Their pierogies were the featured food of course.  It's just a small bar.  We went on a Sunday afternoon and there were a bunch of old guys sitting around the bar smoking and talking about the old days.  The bartender was also our waitress.  Aside from first-impressions We drove well over an hour to eat here. BIG mistake." The food is pretty good especially if you like perogies but good luck getting it. I've been here a few times to see acoustic performances and every time I'm here the waitress spends more time smoking cigarettes at the bar than attending to her tables. 98% of the time I have to go to the bar to get another beer. But damn the perogies are good. If you're a local rummy barfly then this place is for you! But if you're a DDD fan you might want to move on to another DDD spot in Pittsburgh. Not sure why it would be featured on the show. Nadine's was better and they made you feel welcome."  I will go.  The pierogies were 5 stars.  Best I have ever eaten and obviously homemade and HUGE!  The rest of the food was reasonably cheap and pretty tasty.  The wings were pretty great too.  I normally wouldn't even walk into  the fish sandwich is even bigger. Standard bar food on the menu with a few nice Polish selections. Service is nonchalant yet friendly enough. An elderly woman in the back does all the cooking by herself. She is awesome." The bottom line for me is that I am glad that I came here and might be back again depending on what I am looking for.  The food was dirt cheap with our whole bill coming to $22 and it exceeded the expectations that I had given to it whenever we walked in.  However  you won't find it much better anywhere outside of the old country. Go try it."  the slow service makes each experience worse than the one before. We have been here for 40 minutes and still waiting for our soup "Thursday night wing night. Great value.  Wings were outstanding.  Bar keep attentive and friendly.   The place is a dive "Wing night is the best! Have yet to try the rest of the menu items which all look amazing. The bar is a bit smokey but hey  and a dining room in the back for families to eat. Non smoking untill the kitchen closes. They have a Juice Box  great jumbo wings. Very affordable. Will get something polish next time" Authentic neighborhood dive bar with friendly patrons and nice bartenders and waitresses.  Excellent wings and cheap beer.  Check it out before hitting moon dogs for live music! Food is good when the waitress can properly charge you. I get the same meal constantly and pay different prices everytime. Owner is rude & doesn't handle customers well. My job places fairly large orders and they up-charge when there is more people so I advise to place orders separately. They also give smaller portions when you order in a group. Food can be as greasy as the bar is sometimes but i gotta say the pierogies are ok. I  will never place an order for me & my coworkers again.  this place is my absolute favorite place to come and play bluegrass music on a Tuesday nite.  I fly here from TN just to be part of it - when I can :)" Top it off - beer came in a frosty glass. Frosty glades are way under rated. Every bar and restaurant should do this!"  and I plan on continuing to come here in the years to come." Rocky Bleier was there! Yay!" but other than that I love theirr Stakes :)" "Absolutely love coming here. Me and my girlfriend stop in at least once a week. We've been coming here for about a year now and have made it our place to go. The food is just like any other Applebee's Says they deliver on here... Wrong & wrong again & should not be checked! I like Applebee's & thought the delivery was something new for the Pittsburgh area... Don't know if this is something Yelp does or something someone checked off... But not cool! It's a good place to stop if you're traveling or just want to stay on a budget."  I highly recommend this Applebee's location!" I am giving it 2 stars ONLY because the manager was nice. Our waitress was awful..the food was inedible...how do you screw up mashed...instant mashed by the managers admission...potatoes? Consistently of cement and zero taste. How does a cook forget butter and salt? How do you cook and send out a medium steak that is so well done that it can't be cut? Save the money and the frustration and go somewhere else.  I came home and made a delicious grilled cheese.  but they also have 2 for 25 that includes steak. They have tons of specials and happy hour! Make sure you check the website for the happy hour times..I'll be back!"  going by the name of Kristy was by far one of the rudest and under cover racist people I've encountered. And if I was a betting women Bad night? Not sure and we won't be back to find out."  and the bathroom was just the nastiest bathroom in America. Like i said i understand it was busy but that is no excuse for how gross the bathroom was. i almost threw up from the smell and you could just tell that it probably had not been cleaned all day. I believe when you are an establishment with meals over $10 your bathroom should be spotless. This is something you would expect from burger king or somewhere "Lunch today!!  Wood fired shrimp shewers. wild rich pilaf and brocolli.  Wonderful and Service was friendly and attentive!!  Will difinitely be back!! cheese biscuits appetizers were good too!  Got busy while we were there  although it was not to long. This place seemed overwhelmed with the crowd. The food was not prepared well. The shell of the crab legs were spongy and bent with the crackers. The baked potato was awful and the service was mediocre. I will not be back to this location" I may go back for a lunch and their biscuits but will probably pass on them for dinner." Red lobster was not the place to be tonight. Saturday-8 11!!!! The service was horrible. The waiter messed up so bad that we had more free food then we ordered. The appetizer came out after the salad. It seem to be over before it started. It only went down hill from here. I am done with this location. Come on red lobster!!! Our food came out hot and it was really endless....we were stuffed and happy when we left so overall that means it was a great meal and I look forward to going back!" "Its a Red Lobster!  Our waitress was awesome and we were here fore the 45 shrimp for $10 promo (im a fatty what do you want).  What better way to stuff your fat face with unlimited cheddar bay (my favorite bay in the whole world) biscuits and then top it off while trying to jam more shrimp down your gullet. The beer was a little flat  I'm going to give this location a miss moving forward." "Food is always really good! Although the service is not all that. First time we went we had a server who was in training and of course we understood if she would make mistakes. Although our second time Terribly ran! We will never be back to this location. Food takes forever and it doesn't come out right. The wait staff is slow and management has no clue.  are the best part. What should have been a 45 minute lunch took around 1.5 hours The only good thing was that the cheese biscuits here are bomb!!! Everything else is a joke."  over wild rice pilaf) but customized the dish to lobster and shrimp only without scallop.service is very good and we visited this place for the first time so they suggested us which one to take.the dish was good.shrimp and lobster are fresh and we liked the food.awesome taste"  we got our drinks at 155 then about 245 we got our plates "will never go here again b c for the 3rd time they messed up my to go order. they offered me a gift card one time but never got it. they tried to ""apoligize"" but it was half harted in the apology. they claimed when i was there that all my order was in the bag and when i got home to check it was not. I will never got there again. they are to serve the customers and they are doing a poor job in doing that. they really don't care about the customers and they need to have the check in hand when they are putting the orders together." The lobster tail was salty. The crab legs were alright. The shrimp was awesome. The asparagus was amazing. All in all it was eh. I recommend this location." this is just high priced captain D's. they quality has gone downhill over the past decade now I remember WHY I don't eat here.  excellent service. I had king crab legs and they were amazing just some were a little overlooked. I love this place and will be back soon :)"  it's good but the service that day was not very good."  but we were able to be moved away to another table mid-meal. The meal itself was meh; the lobster seemed a little overdone and the crab not as tasty as it should have been. Our waitress was hit or miss and we waited awhile for the bill. Would not visit again." My boyfriend and I come by about every other month and sit at the bar. Every time we come the service is great from the bartenders to the waitresses who are stopping by the bar to pick up drinks." "Today I was feeling down and went shopping for some retail therapy on my way home stopped at Red lobster to pick up an order to go. I sat at the bar to place my order and was greeted by one of the most helpful Dana made me the BEST long island iced tea I've ever had & I've had more than quite a few. She made me feel very welcomed & took good care of me. I will definitely be going back." The only reason why I gave this 4 stars over 5 is because we did have slow service once in the dining room "Service can be hit or miss. Sometimes it's great and sometimes it sucks. Overall the food is pretty good. Rice pilaf can sometimes be dry. Clam chowder is good! Alfredo can also be dry depending on how much sauce you get. Overall  for over 2 hours.  I just don't even know what to say. It made my whole experience disappointing.  I won't go back to this location." Busy area but close to highway if you need a quick business dinner !!"  who we'll just refer to as ""t"" did a fantastic job."  and drinks were delicious as well.  The best thing about this location was the service...we lucked out and got a really good server.  The service made the entire experience nice." "We came in for a drink at the bar and after 8 minutes (yes I counted) of being ignored by the bartender that was complaining about having to take call in orders someone finally came up and acknowledged that we were there and took our order. It was a frustrating situation but we decided to go pick up the kids and come back for dinner. We expected a wait which was fine "I really can't imagine what could be making it so slow here.  Just got back from dinner which took over 2 hrs. It doesn't seem like the waitstaff  WHEN she brought out our salads at the same time. Half the time we couldn't find her when needed something and she left us sitting for a long time when we wanted to leave. Food was mediocre as well. I don't know what happened to red lobster Well the coconut shrimp were kind of bland and the sauce that accompanied them really didn't liven them up. The fish and chips was tasty. The cod was light & fluffy & cooked to perfection and definitely hit the spot. The French fries were decent as well." "I cannot believe I have been to Applebee's twice in one week.  This place has been recently renovated and although is a smaller Applebee's  the food was good and the prices were reasonable...  The only things that could be improved were the lukewarm temperature of the cheese that came out with the new beer pretzels (which were awesome) and the riblets I ordered were just a bit fatty...  My boyfriend's new shrimp pasta with queso was great... Overall  the experience was horrible. The service was horrible. The food was ok. I won't be running back to this location any time soon."  I was very impressed. I ordered a cheeseburger w  fries. The burger was cooked perfectly and fresh! I also really enjoyed their seasoned fries. My Mom enjoyed her salad as well  and I judge them by the steak. At this Pineville location the steak is always exactly like I ask for it. They cook the best steak! It's a good and a bad though because I expect this kind of excellent perfectly prepared steak at other Applesbee's locations - no luck. This is the Diamond of Applebee's other locations don't compare (concord location near exit 36 - their cook needs to learn from the one in Pineville)" I'm not a fan but I enjoy drinking at the bar area. So if you're coming to drink ... not so bad. If you're coming to eat ...  ah you might think again! I contacted Applebee's human resources and they were great. No complaints there urozdIsIzmQR-snDgDOqZg  the server ruined the entire experience. Chrystal was rude and inattentive. We sat for many minutes before she walked by and said (with a grown) ""I'll be with ya'll eventually."" After another 2-3 minutes she finally came to the table The drinks seemed ok as my daughter ordered four shots.  But I don't even recommend going to the bar.  The bartender stood there and picked her nose.  Then flicked.  Again The pasta at Applebee's are definitely not worth the $12 they charge. The portions are way too small and not good at all. Probably won't be visiting another apples bees again After leaving we all felt like puking..I would never go there again to eat.." DE_11y6_vCmPBlbeYskh-Q Great palce for a pint a best bar food you will be able to find... they have great friend pickels and there steak sandwhich is pretty awesome... the place is kinda hard to find since it is in a house in a neighborhood and the line can be crazy long... but the food is worth it... go with a few friends and relaize that you will be there for a few hours... take you time and drinks some beers  but make it a point to eat it everytime I visit.  Locals living near the restaraunt know it by name.  I've heard the other food is also great ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  since most restaurants serve the usual warm-on-the-outside-cold-in-the-middle-sad-excuse-for-a-meal hockey puck. I was surprised that it was not only excellent and flavorful "I really like a place where you can customize your burger and this place had turned that into an art.  There are an infinite number of ways to to get your burger done.  Plus they don't just have burgers It's a neighborhood place in one of Charlotte's nicest neighborhoods....the Fourth Ward.  The food is good.  The service is good.  The setting is GREAT! Definitely a great date place. Cool vibe and classy in an understated way--check it out!"  and I look forward to returning to this new (to me).  The only disappoint is that we weren't able to see the famous pole that they talked about on the back of the menu.  It's located in the women's restroom and apparently it's caused quite a few bruises.  Funny!"  while my boyfriend loves to get the London broil sandwich or the pita chicken wrap with honey mustard. The fries and onion rings are delicious too. Plus  walking here transports you completely away from the hustle and bustle and rowdiness of Tryon."  NC.  The only problem with it is that its too far away from my house!  :)  It is a treat to visit the 4th ward.  Great food "3.5 stars overall..bumped up to a 4 for being...""cozy"".. as one of my friends put it.  Solid food and a good place to start out a night.  A good way to get away from all the new and experience something with true Charlotte style."  and I strongly recommend that you make the effort to find it in the 4th Ward.  It's easiest to get to off Graham Street - just turn south onto 9th and it's a block or so up the road.  Loved it!!!" BY9Xk5754hpJv3pVgD_fkg  is a great pub style joint perfect for a brew and some excellently prepared food.  It's a rub shoulders kind of joint with dark benches perfect for long conversations." I'm glad I went once. Likely not again." When I first moved to Charlotte more than a few people mentioned Alexander Michael's to me.  I had my expectations built up.  The place is solid and a decent pub neighborhood restaurant.  I might have rated it better if people hadn't built it up to me so much before going.  If I lived near the place I would go pretty frequently for a beer or some food.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to get to it (like i would with some other Charlotte places).  All in all - a solid pub neighborhood bar with some character but nothing earth shattering. T_kMEgHqIqwbHR_7yhqWFw i'd like to go back another time when i can enjoy some drinks and try another menu selection."  which one of my dining partners characterized as melted Velveeta with crab and while that description might sound rather unappealing  but the selling point is it is one of the few places in Charlotte that has culture and history.  An old victorian building in a neighborhood that feels more like Charleston than Charlotte.  Tired of uptown chains and overprices bistros  fried pickles and the crawfish burrito Not too shabby of a  beer selection either."  atmosphere and great food to boot. If you want to break from the norm Love this place.  Great food and unique character.  A must if you live in Charlotte. Hands down one of my favorite places in Charlotte and can say without a doubt have never even had a mediocre experience here ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A Thank you Yelp for leading me here!" A hidden gem in the oldest area of downtown.  An old victorian neighborhood in the midst of downtown Charlotte!  I love the Ruben! If you like wings the Garlic Honey wings are soooo good!! I would definitely recommend to come here they have good beers a good neighborhood feel and of course good food. The servers are very nice and helpful!!" Fantastic date place!!!  This little restaurant has fantastic apps and dinners.  My favorites are the Shrimp Marsala or the What It Is.  The crab soup is excellent also.  When I am there for dinner I always get a half and half with my meal.  But if you are just going for lunch get the chicken quesadillas - excellent.  Ladies!  Watch out for the pole!  Then take a walk around the beautiful Fourth Ward! Definitely one of the best places to go in Charlotte.  The food is really good and the service is outstanding.  This is truly something for everyone on the menu.  The location is reason enough to go as the neighborhood is one of the more unique places in Charlotte.  The beer selection is also fantastic "This place is great for a chill dinner and drinks. A very laid back atmosphere makes it perfect for dinner before heading out or just relaxing all night. It has a bar atmosphere without the crazy drunks and extremely loud crowd. The food isn't 5 star I do have fond memories of the chocolate martini..."  what is with people and fried pickles?!" ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  and great food!  You must try the nachos!  Everything on the menu is good I might return and try something else on the menu - like their massive 1 2 pound burgers - and we'll see if it'll make me a fangirl." The service has always been super friendly and laid back - just how I like it at this kind of joint. Next time my tummy's growling in the 4th ward I'll definitely make a trip back to Alexander Michael's!"  low ceilings make for a cozy atmosphere.  Probably not the #1 place for enjoying the natural sunlight of a gorgeous day." Ok I stumbled over this place by being invited by a friend. I have lived in Charlotte for going on three months and had no idea this place exsisted.  It is tcuked away in a neighborhood right in downtown.  I hear this place is a establishment in Charlotte and has been around for a long time.  I now know why..  the food is fantastic! The fried pickles are a must a littel salty but good.  I had the Fried Chicken Special with Garlic mash with Gravy and it was GOOOOOOOODD!!!  My friend had the London Broil and looked amazing and the prices were so reasonable.  I highly recommend this place its a chance to see a good ol local hangout in the city of Charlotte. See ya next month Alex!" Food: 7 10; Service: 9 10; Value: 7 10; Atmosphere 10 10" One of my favorite spots in Charlotte. Definitely a locals spot. They have the best wings in town (Texas wild wings). They remembered my name after my first trip. Can't say enough about the place. Check it out. "Just had the London Broil Sandwich. Came in looking for a French dip but was convinced this was the way to go. The London Broil was loaded with meat I think Alexander Michael's exudes ""chill"" and this is what is so attractive about it.  The clientele was young and old; it neither felt like a country club or a college sports bar.  The TV's (though they show sporting events) don't distract from conversation like most sports bars and though there is a bar "We went there on a Friday night and the place was packed.  Staff greeted us immediately and sat us quickly.  Food was great.  We shared the fried pickles and had the crawfish burrito and the ""what is it"".  I can't stress enough on how excellent the services was.  For as crowded as they were it was quite amazing we were treated like royalty!" Our server was so sweet too." "Live across the st quite literally.  Great neighborhood place with standard predictable pub fare.  Quite busy during lunch which is surprising since it is a bit more of a walk than other Uptown restaurants.  Service was prompt The service was attentive with a snap of attitude.  I think they probably are friendlier toward their regulars "Great place to take a date. Candles If you're into beards and eating expensive food in the dark I think you'll really like this place  cinnamon-flavored bread covered with caramel and two heaping dollops of whip cream.  Its a large portion "One of our favorite cozy places to eat in Uptown.  Dark and cozy booths  this is what I call a destination restaurant.  You definitely would never just stumble upon it.  It was opened in 1983 by two Charlotte attorneys (A. Michael Troiano Jr & Alexander Copeland III) "I've been to Alexander Michael's a few times now and always have a great time.  It has a ton of character - tucked away on a little street of old houses in the 4th ward.  The wait staff is always friendly "Hands down one of the best bars in Charlotte. Tucked away in a small side street in 4th ward Nice being back there after so long. Just as friendly as I remembered and the food was even better. My favorite was the fried pickles! Definitely a great  place to stop in for a beer and a good (not fussy or overpriced) bite to eat if you are in or near 4th Ward.  This place is a  Charlotte instititution! I have many fond memories of gathering with friends at Al Mike's throughout the 90's!  the selection isn't the best. But overall I hope to come back when I can kick back and imbibe on some good libations! The food alone definitely warrants returning again and again."  and the service was quietly good. Darkish lighting. I had a feeling in the pit of my stomach underneath the 5 pounds of nacho that the place swims in RL polos and Sperrys on the wkends (and this is before I perused other yelper's thoughts on the subject) but for Monday night nosh Incredible nachos.  Incredible food. Try their best sellers.  Atmosphere is quaint. Great for a casual date night. Enjoy! My biggest gripe of the night was the pace of service. I don't know if the server (or chef) had somewhere to be but she was going a mile a minute. I wanted to relax and enjoy my meal not be rushed in and out in less than 45minutes. My dinner came as half of my salad remained uneaten...and the salad was literally brought out in less than a minute after I ordered it. I realize its a small venue with limited seating but there wasn't anyone waiting for a table and last  I checked this was not at a fast food joint." One thing I appreciate about this restaurant is the frequency of daily-specials they offer during lunch. Everytime I've gone  it's very minimal.  So if you sit back towards the back prepare to eat by candlelight (even at lunch).  The only windows are towards the front so that's why." One of my favorite places to eat in Uptown. My go to dishes are the London broil entree and the what it is. Tried out most of the menu and can't say I've had anything bad. The daily specials are usually pretty great as well. Wonderful place for lunch. Great service.love to visit this place "My regular stop whenever I am in Charlotte. Great service  but with an upscale twist.  If you haven't been to Alexander Michael's - GO!  If you've already been This was me and my husband's first date...per my suggestion(he was new to town)."  it was great.  The story behind the building and its decor was interesting to read.  The food is good.  As most reviewers have stated ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A My dinner was awesome.  I ordered their blackend cat fish sandwich with fried pickles.  Yum!  Since Waiting for a table we sat at the bar and I noticed they had a great beer selection on tap and I'm not talking Anhueser Busch B.S. Lots of craft beers and a good amount of local brews. I tried a few high ABV brews that were really good and put my head in another world. I had been in town for about 3 hours by this time I'm really liking Charlotte. For dinner I tried something called ""What It Is"". it's a Cajun pasta dish. Being Cajun The bar is really cool though.  Good selection of beers including two highland beers from Asheville and other craft beers. I'll be back."  I'd focus on parking and adding more tables.  Street parking in a quiet neighborhood can be limited.  I've been here a handful of times when there has been a line out the door with people waiting for a table.  Both faults One of the best spots in all of Charlotte.  Great for business lunches.  The london broil sandwich is one of the best steak sandwiches I have ever had.  Nice atmosphere and good beer selection too.  and I have to say.. the ones at Alexander Michael's are among the top three in this city! The food is simple and tasty (even if you just want a simple garden burger ppaxBKZWHiH7-sAeC9pUFw Locals refer to this as Al Mike's and it is a wonderful 4th Ward pub." ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A lots of character here.  nothing special but just a solid place to grab drinks and good food.  great neighborhood feel. "Great atmosphere and tucked neatly away in the 4th ward neighborhood This is my trademark location when I am in Charlotte!" ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  but enough to remind me that I probably needed to have only this one helping.  The atmosphere is friendly and service fantastic.  Such a comfortable and comforting place.  This is my go-to spot anytime I am in uptown downtown anywhere in CLT." I for sure will be back again!" Solid comfort food beer joint." Great atmosphere great service great food!! Charlotte charm.  I love this part of 4th Ward and make it a point to bring out-of-town guests through this neighborhood to show off just how cool Charlotte is with all its hidden gems. But my eating experience at AM was lack luster. The spicy crab soup was very good and I would come back for that. The menu looked wonderful and I didn't know where to begin . . .  so I went for the crawfish burrito cause it read as if it was going to be spicy and flavorful. Not so. All I could taste was the black beans. I took a bite of the London Broil sandwhich and was not impressed. I am still on the look out for a great sandwich shop." Such a great low key place to go and have a great dinner. Their Fried pickles are amazing and have an awesome beer selection! This is my go to place for a fun relaxing evening dinner uptown. "Some folks in Charlotte will never get the pleasure of experiencing this great little spot unless they yelp it lol. It's nestled away in the 4th Ward area of uptown. Like much of uptown neighborhood restaurants I wouldn't go out of my way to go back but I wouldn't kick and scream if invited to go again."  I highly recommend. Definitely one of the Uptown staples."  and the staff make this a 5-star establishment ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A I'll definitely be back!"  and was worried that the second time would be a let down. Not so - I love this bar. The best part: it's walkable from my place  this Charlotte landmark is a must!"  but that's part of the charm of this place.  It's pretty dark and dim at night but it sets a cool mood for hanging out  and a cheerful crowd combine to make a visit to Alexander MIchael's a special night out and a haven for the traveler at the end of a day on the road. And a memory to renew when visiting Charlotte again."  but it doesn't really have an uptown feel.  Very cozy atmosphere and great food."  my fiance and I decided we couldn't not go. I love that it's truly a neighborhood pub - no parking lot surrounding it. The buffalo chicken sandwich and the cajun fries. The food and the beer selection are worth the trip." My personal business travel rules discourage me from eating at the same place twice  kinda boring.  I think the point of this place is more to go ""have a few"" after work and such.  When looking for great food in uptown  with the charm and hospitality.  Coming here makes you wish you had Alexander Michaels in your neighborhood.  The workers are very welcoming and efficient.  They are quick to take your orders  and the chill atmosphere.  A great place.  Would have given five stars had the menu been a little bigger offering more variety." This is by far one of my favorite places in Charlotte.  It has a very chill atmosphere and the food is great.  This is a great first date spot. E1Wu-YuaNJWgQqSIsW8K5Q If I lived in Charlotte I would be a regular." ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  the ""What it's All About"" chicken was very good.  I was disappointed I couldn't substitute for the potatoes Parking is on the street and it is only for two hours without permit. Just FYI. :D" "Stopped by here for an early lunch. The place wasn't crowded at all so we were immediately seated and got our drinks. The waitress and other employees were very friendly and were always around when we needed something. The food was delicious. I had the Mikes Hot Turkey Sandwich I love to bring out of town guests here. Such a charming place in a great neighborhood. Warm  great place to have lunch and the spicy crab soup is to die for. Ask for Milt best guy in the place. I live in 4th Ward and get takeout from here all the time" "Had a great time at Al Miike's this week. The Food was greatl The locals and the staff or great for company. The bartender suggested Today's Special  true pub. The half pound burger is maybe the best I've ever had and the selection of local brews is the perfect compliment. If you are a local looking for a ""regular spot  flakey monster.  They pair it up with a tarter sauce (did I detect a pepper in there?  Chipotle maybe?) and some kind of other sauce that was like a chunky salsa sweet-n-sour thing.  Doesn't matter.  I dumped both of them on.  It was tasty as all get out.  I devoured the enormous sandwich. The side dish I chose was the Broccoli Slaw and honestly  great for casual dates. Food was wholesome and filling though not extremely exciting. That's okay in my mind since it is a neighborhood restaurant that is really there to keep its community full  Beef Stroganoff and ""What it Is"" (a nicely spiced chicken in a Cajun cream sauce over Rotini).  It's a feel-good place that definitely notices you when you walk in and remembers you when you come back.  We love the bartenders...nothing like having your favorite drink poured and ready for you AS you settle into your barstool!  And...they carry Gentleman Jack : )" The spicy crab soup and the chicken leek  soup were delicious and I suspect homemade. The Ruben washed down with the Mecktoberfest beer was a good combo.  Very good lunch and would come back to try the dinner menu. Thanks Alexander Michael's and Charlotte's Fourth Ward for an awesome end to my to short of a visit!" This a wonderful neighborhood bar and restaurant!  The type place you can find in Atlanta or other large city.  The food is very good and the service is excellent.  The draft beer selection is good.  I highly recommend this place.  North Carolina and decided to stop here because of Yelp. As it turns out this was the best restaurant wr have been to in a while. Quality food "I recently moved to the neighborhood and finally got around to having lunch here today. Most excellent! I look forward to coming back soon for dinner. Try the Cajun fries Alexander Michaels has become a Charlotte institution.  It has great food and a cozy atmosphere within the heart of Charlotte's oldest neighborhoods.  and the service is excellent.  I have never been disappointed with anything I have ordered Alexander Michael's.  I would recommend the pasta dishes "We've been to Alexander Michaels a few times and love it each time. I find it to be romantic and quant. Our last trip was on Valentine's Day. We arrived early as they are first come first serve even on Holidays.  We started out with two beers and an order of potato wedges. The bacon and cheese covered dish was delicious and I'd get it again (without tomatoes).  For my entree I had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich with Cajun Fries and my husband had the London Broil Sandwich. We both enjoyed our meal and would recommend both menu items. We did not have any dessert this time I will give it a 2nd chance and visit again  very old and bar-looking. We were seated right away but the restaurant soon had a big wait at the door. I can see this is a neighborhood favorite. I'm currently in the ""I dine out too much and cook huge portions   eat as much as I feed my boyfriend"" stage By far my favorite place in Charlotte. The atmosphere and service are outstanding. Al Mike's is my first recommendation anytime someone asks where to eat. My only request.. Bring back Octoberfeast! Fried pickles are the best in town! TIP: Try their fried pickles! Oh my sweet goodness... best culinary surprise I've experienced in years. I was dying to order a second round of them because... wow... they were so good." "Came here for lunch w  some coworkers. Was surprisingly quiet. Had the jerk chicken salad special Bad food. Bug problem. In a neighborhood full of homeless roaming the streets like zombies.  Milt at the bar were super gracious and friendly hosts! Can't wait to come back to try their 4th Ward Stroganoff." Can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu!" "Al Mikes is the neighborhood spot. Food is always on point. Some personal favorites are the ""What it is"" and the ""4th Ward Beef Stroganoff"" . Both are unique and delish pastas. They have a great bar as well. Because of it's cozy ambiance The fried pickles are very good and the blackened fish sandwich is delicious. There are a number of local brews on tap and the atmosphere is great. Just a great place to hang. The restaurant can get a little loud but not too bad. It is a cozy location so that is to be expected."  this place would be my local watering hole if I lived in the 4th Ward.  Well done!" "This place is awesome. The ""what it is""...so delicious. I'm from Cincinnati and we come here at least once any time we are in town." "Brought family here from out of town and glad we did. Service and food were great. Staff was welcoming and the bartender helped us find beers our guests would like. Server made good  which I highly recommend. Extra points for offering Shine Bock on tap..a favorite beer I've missed dearly since Texas This place is located in such a great area! Parking can be a little tricky but other than its awesome. The menu and beer selection had a great range and the staff was friendly and make great suggestions. Also my boyfriends family is from Baton Rouge and this place does a great job of incorporating the Cajun flavor in its foods! I will be back! "I had a great time here last night. Good beer selection and tasty food. I had a watermelon beer which was really delicious  of best fries in the world.  I will make the 3 hour drive for those fries Beautiful location in the nest of some of Charlotte's downtown Victorian homes. The food is also very delicious and you can't find anything on the menu you don't want to try! If you're ever in this area give this local restaurant your time and you won't be sorry. I don't know what the hype is. I ordered steak which came out luke warm and over salted. It seemed old. Also my veggies weren't seasoned at all and were not even steamed. Not interested in returning. The service has always been top notch as well. I've never had a bad experience at Alexander Michaels and consider it one of my go-to restaurants when I'm looking for a unique charlotte restaurant that you can't get anywhere else." My husband and I went for lunch here and we loved it! It's located in a great location uptown and the service was great! My husband enjoyed the wings and I had a fantastic sandwich! Can't wait to go back and experience during dinner. Nothing special on this menu.... Overrated pub grub." Favorite restaurant in Charlotte! Food was great and so was the service. Perfect comfortable neighborhood pub. Wanna come back here.  What a charming spot." "Wonderful atmosphere. Loved the Christmas decorations. Dinner was fabulous. Had the baked chicken special This is our favorite dinner spot close to the house. Everything we have had from there has been great and it's the most cozy feeling restaurant around.  They get pretty busy on Friday and Saturday but the wait is normally pretty sort and worth it. The crab soup is out of this world good and no visit complete without it. Don't understand the hype. It a neat place. More of the neighborhood bar.  Not a good dinner place." Great 80s comfort food.  A must place to visit while in fourth ward.  The Ruben is the best with a side of pasta salad.  The pasta salad is simple but very good. A great place for a date or a small group before a Hornets game or the theater.  Several good micro beers too. Enjoy  but the wait is never a problem because you can sit at the bar and enjoy some local craft beers. We had the ""what it is"" and the ""honey chicken"" and loved both. The staff is nice and attentive and makes you feel like a local the second you walk in. Will definitely be going back!" "Al Mike's is my shit.  Want to a good place for a first date? Check.  Want Triple C babymaker in pints? Check?  Want awesome food at a great price?  Chickity friggin check. l Mike's is located in a really awesome part of the fourth ward.  Tree lined streeets and amazing houses.  Al Mike's itself looks like an awesome house turned into a restaurant.  When you walk in "Love this place! The atmosphere is awesome and the food is even better!! I've had the burgers several times and they are repeatedly phenomenal. That being said  great atmosphere!! Love the spicy crab soup This nice little hole in the wall is a gem to visit. The food was delicious and people are friendly.  I had a steak sandwich with their chips. Overall I would recommend this to anyone if they have some time ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  drinks and service were all amazing. Crab soup is to die for and so is the black bean hummus. GF got the veggie burger and I got the London Broil. Both were spectacular. I highly recommend this quaint location if you only have one night in Charlotte and want some of the best they have to offer. They were also able to offer great advice on what to do in town. Can't go wrong here." Recently moved to Charlotte-Uptown and LOVE this small neighborhood bar! Great beers on tap and bartender was friendly and helpful! Haven't eaten here yet and will definitely be back.  the service great and the prices very reasonable. Also portions that are properly sized for normal people - only one doggie bag among the 3 of us. Can't think of a thing to criticize. Go! You'll enjoy it. Don't let the ""dead end"" street sign and neighborhood aspects confuse you. You're in the right place to find this hidden little gem." Excellent food. I had the fried chicken with a side salad and steamed broccoli! It was served hot and was simply delicious! I will come back!  and the vinyl tablecloths were awkward.  I think the restaurant would do well to simplify the menu "Great food! Honey chicken pasta is highly recommended. Great for small groups but no reservations Definitely coming back"  cheese and tomatoes but it tastes amazing.  Get the Cajun fries with it and you will have a tasty meal!  The What It Is is blackened chicken on top of Cajun Alfredo sauce pasta. It's insanely good!  I've tried making it at home with a little success but it doesn't compare to how Al Mike's is! The owner and employees are all super friendly.  I really love that the restaurant is in an old Victorian style home nestled in Fourth Ward.  It's so cozy feeling.  Definitely a favorite stop! :)"  the service was bad.  It may have just been a slow night  and crawfish burritos.  All great choices IMO."  and very flavorful. The pasta salad was nice and simple. My dad had the Reuben and said it was ""packed with flavor."" He ordered a side of Cajun fries 4 stars for atmosphere. 2 stars for food and service and that's being generous. I was really disappointed because i was hoping for some great food. Nothing special. Hands down my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Love the atmosphere. The food is always delicious and the employees are so nice. Definitely a hidden gem in Charlotte. 09hMpTBam1kA6sxJ6NCwgA "Milt (out bartender) was great! We were visiting out of town for a friends wedding and needed a mid afternoon pre-rehearsal drink. Our drinks were delicious (spicy bloody: saved my life "Really enjoyed this place. I went solo and loved the single booth in the back corner. Busy. It had a really nice ambiance. The What Is It chicken  and they have daily specials that I always look forward to checking out. Local beers Bonus: All of their bread is locally sourced from the outstanding Nova's Bakery in Plaza Midwood!" "I live in the neighborhood and believe this is a true gem in Charlotte.  Alexander Michaels has an atmosphere that is rare in a city full of boring corporate restaurants and pretentious foodie restaurants.   The food is consistently great I can't understand where these sub-4 star reviews come from but they obviously did not appreciate the beauty of the food served at AL Mike's. Done to perfection and seasoned perfectly our entire group really enjoyed the experience. It is sometimes crowded and noisey but IT IS A NEIGHBORHOOD BAR people. It is a wonderful experience on all levels. Good food. I had their wings and my wife had a salad with grilled chicken. The wings were big and juicy "Atmosphere and food were amazing. If you only have a chance for one dinner in Charlotte  I don;t care about wine! Plenty of local craft beers. Great service. Noisy and packed by the time we left  Alexander Michael's is a great neighborhood watering hole. We took a party of 5 who all have different tastes  and when is the best time to check this spot out? Right before you head out to a Panthers game of course!"  but wish I had the opportunity to try every thing else on the menu. I doubt I would ever be disappointed. If I get the opportunity "Great pub food and atmosphere.  Whether you're looking for lunch in uptown or drinks after work  it reminded me of a big city back street restaurant. I would definitely go back." Being a native of Charlotte... this is one of my all time favorite place to have lunch or dinner. great place and better staff. This is a true gem for Charlotte! Nachos are amazing! Try them original or with chicken. 'What it is' is also great. Everything we tried was awesome so you can't go wrong. This is one of my locals and they have their staple dishes. The location is great surrounded by historical homes all with a story. This is a good stop for a different feel on the way for an uptown adventure. Food is not the greatest however the overall ambience will sell you and keep you coming back. This is a must do in clt. Favorite restaurant in Charlotte... Food is amazing!! Only complaint is the size of the place... Really small so it can be difficult to get a table. Although part of the charm is that it's a mom and pop type of place.. I highly recommend it! "Great spot in an unexpected neighborhood. I agree with the other reviews - wish my neighborhood bars were like just this one. The bisque was great "A great neighborhood restaurant  bar. Off the beaten path in 4th Ward. Food is always consistently very good. Service is excellent. Despite disclaimers on their website about not taking reservations  which genuinely helps to make the Alexander Michael's experience. Al Mike's is what a neighborhood pub should be."  affordable restaurant. And frankly it is very nicely designed.  I am all about service. Little weak there when we first walked in and based on its size there is no reason not to be properly greeted. Murphy our Waitress was outstanding. Food was outstanding. Prices were totally affordable and worth every penny three people with an app My husband and I just love Al Mikes and the staff. Steve is always there working hard. Paul is one of our favorite bar tenders in Charlotte. Not too many pescetarian options which is my only downfall but the food is delicious with amazing craft beer choices! Get the nachos you won't be disappointed.  quaint feel of the place. This combined with the dim lighting and rustic wood makes it a great date spot. Food was delicious. The menu has an array of pasta's and hearty meat dishes. Good selection of local beers as well. ONLY reason This review isn't accompanied by 5 stars is the parking situation outside  grab dinner with the girls or date night spot!" This place is perfect for everyone. I was there with my parents and I noticed tables of guy friends "Went early on a Saturday night after a matinee at Belk Theater. Found a parking spot on the street very close to the restaurant. I imagine this doesn't happen as easily during normal dinner time. The restaurant is in a residential neighborhood. After a short wait we were seated. The historic building gives the vibe of a friendly This is a great casual spot for a date or just a night out with some friends!"  and watch out for the pole in the ladies bathroom!"  but it's worth it and you can try one of their many beers on draft while you wait. It's great because you can spend just $10 on a delicious sandwich & fries or treat yourself to a wonderful dinner entree. Dad's a picky eater  and the blackened catfish would make any southern fisherman happy. Not surprisingly they have a solid beer menu and the staff was attentive and friendly despite the huge crowds. If I'm ever back in this area Hidden gem! Great lunch food and cute atmosphere. Really enjoyed it! All things on the menu seem to look and taste great! Prices aren't bad either "Incredible. Had the blackened catfish and the Cajun fries - blown away by the taste and the spices. I will come back when I am here next to try the Jambalaya "I liked the place.  Food is definitely bar food "Decided on Al Michaels for a late dinner on a Monday. The Yelp reviews are right this place is awesome definitely must try. The food was phenomenal the crab soup Every time i have lunch at Alexander Michaels it is wonderful. I recommend this hidden gem to my coworkers in the music factory. I highly recommend you stop in for a meal and ice cold beer. Parking can be a little tough Their turkey club croissant is amazing. Such a good lunch stop! Awesome local place! Not easy to find but worth looking for! I recommend What It Is and a nice cold beer! Great draft selection! Wow!!! What an amazing place! Jerk Chicken Quesadilla is a must have!!! Good list of local brews. Tracy provided great service....working the bar and the tables! I will be back!!! The service continued the theme from the nice greeting and our food came out quickly. Al Mike's is absolutely the kind of place any neighborhood would welcome." "It's always great to find a place that seems that it just stopped in time and the rest of the world moved on. Alexander and Michaels is one of those places. It's in the middle of a beautiful Victorian Era neighborhood in  what used to be a general store. The inside gives the same impression Perfect neighborhood spot. Solid food - pasta and sandwiches. Diverse menu. Highly recommend if in the area.  on the way home from an event. We like to try new places and we were very pleasantly surprised by this gem. It's got a great ambience  and the best fried pickles I've ever had. Thanks Yelpers  and veggie burger were all very good. Steamed veggies and broccoli slaw sides were OK. Great spot in beautiful 4th ward"  so I wasn't much in the mood for food. I didn't see a lot of lighter options on the menu that I would eat (I'm picky)  wish places that do take reservations were as efficient and thoughtful. The atmosphere is very cozy and charming. The only drawback is parking can be a challenge My friend got the fish and looked to be marginally satisfied." If I ever venture off this recipe for success  not great but they do a pretty decent job on meat and 2 veggies and the fish or chicken pita's are definitely worth a try......and on your 'cheat' days enjoy a milkshake if you dare:-)" The kitchen is super fast for carryout."  and a killer baklava!!!! I highly recommend to anyone in the area as we made the trip from exit 25....we heard good things! This will certainly be our mom n pop breakfast from here on out!" Cindy mans the register and makes u feel welcome and at home...the fish sandwich is fantabulous and a must have. I call order my breakfast and for 3 bucks I have my breakfast to go. Gotta luv it!!  especially since we came before closing this Showmars is under new management and it sucks!  They are extremely slow and have messed up my to go orders on multiple occasions.  Also  come to Showmars....just don't expect Dean and Deluca quality (nor their prices)." Showmars is great for breakfast and lunch.  This location does have the preferred combos of grits...hash browns..eggs...and the meats of choice.  Everything is prepared well.  Seating is never an issue...and i can get in and out in 30 mins.  The restaurant can get busy at times...and timing may halp.  With the various locations...they are pretty much the same on service.  I have to admit....coffee is hottest at other locations than here on 3rd.  But overall....you cannot beat the convenience! ASwN3Ih0Eh1oH0npLbzVjA  the turkey club at Rusty's and the BLT at Taso's The only reason this place gets a 5 star is because the of the burgers. They are really yummy like having a burger at your buddies bbq party. As for the rest of the food. Its terrible. The fries are frozen even though the seem to want to brag about the fact that the burger meat is never frozen. Then why not do the same with your fries. Anyway if you go here only order burger.  but poor service at this particular location. I've gone here for lunch on several occasions over the past few weeks and have encountered multiple problems from the same lunchtime staff Not sure we'll return." Niec place to get a pint or watch a game... there food is suprisingly good... they have some sort of brisket sliders that are freaking awesome... if you are in uptown and need a place to watch sports with good food this is it...  and you're never too far from a bar. They've also got pretty decent bar food. A few years ago a bunch of friends and I rented out the big room on the second floor  she finally came back but then ran off again before we could tell her we were ready to put in our food order. We were starving! We finally flagged here down and placed the order. Good thing we ordered when we did  and a good starting or ending point if you're bar-hopping uptown."  especially if you're there to watch a game. It always seems to be packed so there must be something that keeps bringing people back again & again. Check it out & you may actually like it better than me if you don't like the loud sports crowd but still want to watch the game." I give it an A-OK for a lunch time hangout but all around I'm pretty underwhelmed by it."  onions and bacon pieces. I added blackened chicken to that sucker and it was crucial. The service was good and our waitress was very knowledgeable."  you would enjoy this place..  It just isn't up my alley though.  I do have to say that it was clean and all of the employees know what they are doing though."  you want to play pool--come on down." "I had some friends in town from Chicago and they really wanted to find a bar to watch a Bears game. So we headed to Fox & Hound to check it out. My friend quickly dubbed the bar a ""Football Model UN"" because of the variety of football fans there. Fox & Hound probably had 10 games going in different areas of the bar I really like this place mostly because the Black Forest and the drink specials.  I usually have a good time here.  The other food isn't amazing  we wanted a more laid back atmosphere and walked over here.  I've been to Fox and Hounds all over the country so I knew what to expect.  Had the French Dip which was loaded and very good.  This is always a pretty reliable place for decent pub grub and a beer.  But All in all a decent place to hangout in Charlotte." -6JY1T0w4XETux5kGOj84g Not a good experience for us." But the food - no. I got the fish sandwich at the Huntersville location - poor choice. I got the chicken sandwch at the Tryon location - looked like it belonged on the kids menu; and it took 30 minutes Never been there at any other time than to watch sporting events I have had the wings here..blah and the veggies are gross with brown tips on the celery.  Yuck.  It is a huge space and has cool giant tvs so if I was just here to watch the game and drink it would be okey dokey.  There are a ton of places to watch the game though that have great food...sigh...."  negative review I have posted."  but girls abound.  Standard beers and drinks."  spacious...but a little lacking in character.  Seems like a great spot to watch a sporting event of some kind.  The guy girl ratio is way off - but there was also a UFC fight on that evening ($5 cover was charged due to the fight).  They had a nice area with pool tables but those were  Tuesday nights is $2.00 draft nights (mostly domestic labels only).  Also they have a rewards program here and it's called the All Star Brew Club I believe.  You earn points for the beer you buy and at certain thresholds you get things like  and they'll usually have all the important sporting events on We got into the city late and looked for a fast bite. Typical bar food and cheap beer. I had some 2 dollar drafts and had some nachos. The crowd got a bit rough later on through the night. It will officially be my pub when I am in Charlotte. Great for UFC fights. I ordered from the lunch menu - the beer battered chicken tenders with a side order of fries.  Food was quickly served FHofjlnlxqdvSSkQ6UkNZw Simply a bad experience. A group of us came to Charlotte from Cheyenne for a training course and wanted a good local place have dinner and drinks. The place wasn't busy at all and it took 20 minutes from the time we sat down to get out drink order taken and get our beverages. The food took way too long as well and was only lukewarm. I assure you I will not return to this establishment on this trip or any future trips.  but the apparent lack of cusomer service and quality control more than overshadowed his attempt to make things right. I refuse to EVER set foot in this sub-par establishment again."  but the service completely destroyed any possibility of a good experience." "Groupon has allowed me to try new restaurants in places I never knew existed.I Have been to uptown many times and never noticed Fox and Hound. That could also be Rock Bottom Brewery sits across the street and makes this place seem so much smaller. My visit was at 2pm and we experienced some difficulty with parking. It also is DNC week and parking is off limits except for a few places along the street. Luckily we found one after circling 4 times. We walked in and it was awkward. One of those moments that you see in movies where a bar is noisy everyone stops and stares then goes about their business. Normally this isn't an issue but when the waitress and bartender does this its....awkward. We found a booth and sat and waited to be greeted. We waited  sometimes the service can be bit slow. It's usually fine but it admittedly has a few more bad days than some other places. On the other hand they have pretty solid lunch specials  but allowed us to choose the TV they put the game on. We weren't too hungry so we ordered a few appetizers to split. They were ok. Nothing to get too excited about. Overall  I rarely see under 90.  I worked in the industry for a while and it must be  a gross kitchen if this is true.  I'm hoping that it was just a day inspection randomly showed up during a mass rush."  and I don't think I will be returning. Nothing stood out about this place with so many other great options just a block away."  I had the steak! It was cooked perfectly and had good seasoning and was juicy! Onion straws are a must try!  The service was fast and friendly! Oh and their food grade was a 97!" Trivia has moved to Monday!  but we were checked every 15-20 minutes which isn't fast but not slow either. And we were just enjoying the game. I like the mix of customers too. Young and old. and all different sports and teams. Really a cool place to watch games and THEY DO HAVE GOOD FOOD!"  my sandwich was soggy but the french fries were good. But you can go to Mc Donalds for good fries sooooo yeah. Don't bother." "We just received the worst service ever I will never come back. Its shocking that on wing special night it was merly 6 tables. One person actually went to the back to fix their own drinks. We had To ask for everything numerous of times. Service was very slow ass and the management was not customer friendly. I personally was not thinking to take pictures of all the screw ups due to all of the complaints the whole table was making. I hated to make so many complaints but I've never experienced such horrible service. It was awful We couldn't find any positive in it. As a matter of fact the waitress didn't even come back to pick up all the checks. It Was 7 of us and 6 ppl got their checks. We told the management We needed to pay another check and that We didn't know why the waitress would leave one out It's a great place to have lunch uptown. When the weather is nice you can sit on the patio and people watch. It's a safe place to bring non-adventurous lunch guests  not pushy and generally very accommodating to the diner.  If you're in uptown and want a good beer (summer wheat and stouts were excellent)  me and my wife went here many times since moving to charyork [since everybody here is from nyc!!!]lol.  the fist two times the food was great! let me recomend the spicy nachos!!! omg! the best! in charlotte! and the shrimp and grits! southern perfection! but the 3rd times the charm! were in the hell did they get there waiter staff from the circus! these guys and gals have no sense of whats going onin the kitchen. if better give your waiter or waitess step by step directions on our food! but for the money and qulity of food rock bottom gets passed on the chop block!"  cause it was crowded. The wait was 35-50 minutes. I really didn't know what to choose --- so i end up ordering Beer Battered Fish and Chips (os os) and the ribs and chicken combo w  fries (os os). There was nothing really special about the food. Charlotte doesn't have much to offer when it comes to food =P" outdoor seating too - a+"  not disappointing.  RB is average across the board.  Try the Hazelnut Crusted Chicken."  with pineapple sauce on top and rice pilaf underneath. I am craving it again as I type this. It is also very cool to walk into a place and order your beer by saying ""red It's also a great venue for events. I attended a work-related party here  & remember to order my beer before I eat my meal."  their own creations. Try 'em all. They're really good."  inviting and warm destination for anyone looking for an afterwork drink or evening out."  casual get-to-know-you meal in nice surroundings without any pretension.  It can even serve as a great standby if everything else Uptown is too crowded or you can't decide where to eat.  You'll never be disappointed."  then this place is good. Fun for after Alive After Five downtown. The bathrooms at this place are pretty cool-- you get to see all the brewery things in the back. Even though it's a large restaurant A very pleasant experience. I'd have no problem going back here if I'm Uptown." It's a five mimute walk to the Bobcat's and the Blue Line Lynx with easy access stop to Panthers." Checked this place out while on vacation. They had pretty decent food but the atmosphere was very chain restaurant like. But great beer! Note:  You can park in the parking garage and get your ticket validated for 2 hours of free parking."  stout was great.  Rest of them were not good IMO.  Food is so so - not really worthy of 3 stars and wait time was long but it was a Saturday prom evening so it's OK.  They got the third star from me for the service; waitress was great and once seated  there was a lot across the street and a garage attached to the building. Overall Classic chain fare - great for lunch & as a place when you can't get into anywhere else.  Service at this location was great. Our first time visit today. Food was very good and service was great. ! Oh man and I tried the seasonal beer - a bock - which was a pretty good deal.  We figured that it was 25% more beer than the standard serving but at only 12.5% higher cost.  Anyway the brew was a knockout.  Don't drink it on an empty stomach  their fish tacos are pretty good. This is a good last minute place to check out a brew a snack and catch some updates on your favorite sports on their flat screens strategically placed through out the bar." "I'd have to say it was no where near an awesome experience. We tried to order a pitcher of the IPA and the waitress stops us and is like do you like IPAS? do you know what your ordering? i was like yes i like IPAS im capable of ordering a beer like a grown up. maybe next time be like hey our ipa is exceptionally hoppy compared to other ipas The staff are very friendly and professional; they actually make sure you're doing OK unlike wait staff at most sports bars.  I've never been treated rudely or indifferently here-I would vouch for the service any day.  What then My only beef with Uptown dining is the absolute dearth of parking. This has the advantage of being across from a good-sized parking lot." Would definitely hit up this place if I'm ever back in Charlotte again. =) Go try it!." ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw  with nothing really great on it.  I just got the nachos (found as an appetizer) and my friend got the burger.  The nachos were overcooked and semi-stale.  The beer was decent "Very much enjoyed this place. Nice location...Within walking distance for most of the center city hotels. Wide selection on the menu...definitely something for everybody (even picky little kids.) The Spiced Hefeweizen was amazing...finished very clean. If you have kids Where Rock Bottom falls slightly short is the prices. They're frankly too high for this type of establishment (in my mind it's similar to Applebee's or Outback). And as always  your average ""American food"" type of restaurant. I can't comment on their beers as we didn't have any. The menu was pretty extensive but we'd viewed it online beforehand and knew what we wanted. Hubs got the seafood cobb salad which was HUGE and he enjoyed every last bit of it. I ordered the hazelnut crusted chicken primarily because I noticed before we went that a few reviewers here on yelp recommended it. It was reallllllly good! Also HUGE portions that hubs had to help me eat. the chicken itself was really tender and juicy and that crust and sauce are delicious. The cheddar mashed potatoes were good ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw Bottom line for Rock Bottom is......you can't go wrong here!" Nicest patio downtown. There are much better wait staff downtown. Get the beer or wine. Stay away from cocktails. Food = pedestrian. Beer! Free parking! Great place to have some good brew. Great bar food. didnt eat.. the pilsner was hopped to perfection along the lines of an ipa- brilliant I'd come just for the great atmosphere here. When you go to the bathroom you can see all the behind the scenes brewing behind a large glass window! The parking is free too which is nice I ate here for brunch today. I had the three meat omelet. I thought it was pretty good. Portion sizes were pretty big as I suspected they would be. Service was pretty good too. We arrived shortly after they opened and were the only customers I believe for the first few minutes. I've eaten at Rock Bottoms in different cities and enjoyed my experiences with them each time. I would recommended this location. As an extra bonus they validated our parking which is always a bonus! Sports bar atmosphere with quite a few TV's located around and a few Pool Tables too."  and great beers on tap all brewed in house as well as bottled beers and a full bar. The servers are friendly and efficient Definitely will not return."  including in the garage attached to Rock Bottom itself (KEEP YOUR TICKET!!  BRING IT IN WITH YOU!  ROCK BOTTOM VALIDATES PARKING Went for lunch and it was OK. Food was mediocre and there was a nasty smell where we were sitting. Smelled like dirty mop water.  Rock Bottom gets an  A+ on convenience.  My client works upstairs so we did not have to walk far to get here." "This place has a fantastic outdoor patio and makes for a great place to sip back and enjoy a few beers. We split the brewer's feast and particularly enjoyed the southwest egg rolls with a roasted jalapeno ranch dressing. I enjoyed their winter seasonal and their Sweet Magnolia brown ale. However  indeed.  Decent beer and excellent service. But it's chain food and it didn't do much for me."  but it was just meh. We were told we would wait for 20 minutes which seemed ridiculous as there were open tables all over the restaurant and bar and finally got seated in one of these open tables after 40 minutes of waiting. The $10 calamari was a very small portion Too many other choices in Charlotte to come back here." I recommend Rock Bottom to everyone to try out for themselves!" It. was. amazing. Perfect recommendation. Had a great time. We'll definitely be back."  and they (of course) make their own beers. Too bad it's often packed to the rafters with ""former frat boy turned middling banking executives who still listen to DMB on the side"". I'm happy to eat there if I happen to be uptown and the crowd wants to... but I try to avoid it whenever I can." Complete and Utter Satisfaction! Guaranteed to please! Every time! ;)" I have been to this place in the past before they remodeled.  I enjoyed it.  I like the fact they brew their own beer on site.  You can tour the facility when there is time.  They are introducing new menu items and I was able to preview the new items.  I really enjoyed them. I will definitely have to go back. 57 dollars for two steak meals and plenty of beer is not a bad price at all. Being in the center of downtown you would think there prices would be higher but they have some amazing choices and beers for a good price. I enjoyed there red ale more then there brown but both where great and my wife said that her kolsch was well made also. Ive been here several times and will be returning several more.  they have some good brews which are actually crafted on site.  The beer can be better than the food more times than not and I would recommend people to go here for that more than the food.  The Southern Flyer is great for pale ale folks like myself.  If you give this place a shot I recently visited Charlotte this past weekend for the race and needed a casual good food experience. I reviewed Yelp but most of the Downtown spots were noted as dressy or trendy attire establishments. From a 5 hour ride most of us were just comfortable in jeans and tees so nothing to dapper. The concierge at the hotel recommended the Rock Bottom so we gave it a shot. The place was excellent with its open air styling and the drinks were on spot. We ordered the southwest eggrolls as a app and started to order another plate of them and then we remembered we had more food coming! They were that good. I ordered the 14 Ribye with bourbonzola topping. Couldnt have been a more delicious and tender piece of meat. . The seaon veggies and chedder mash were no second. Everything on my plate could not have been anybetter. Check it out . It was worth the visit. And the house brews seemed to hit the spot with the guys that were with me. - Just like SD and SJ."  were ripe and fresh! Nice service! Go. I almost died there... so was my teenager daughter (she was picky but she loved her order very much)."  but nothing stands out here." Typical sports bar. Caught the tail end of happy hour. I got the Rocktoberfest seasonal ale and that was pretty good. But i ordered a side of fries to munch on and it was incredibly tiny :(  so I will go with a 4.  If another Spirit Square event comes up  food is average. Service is pretty good though. Next time though  great drinks...we will definitely be back." "I have mixed feelings about Rock Bottom. I enjoyed the inexpensive beer sampler. The main reason we went  here though was for my fiance to try a specific burger. Unfortunately that burger was ""86'd""... as was her second choice. We weren't told that until 10 to 15 minutes after ordering As we were leaving the place was starting to get busier and busier. So stop in if you are in the neighborhood.  Well worth a visit."  don't go here unless you want to get ripped off and eat shitty food."  tried their Rock bottom IPA"  hopefully catching a large table before they are all taken up."  they should have it all year round! Food was so yummy! Our server Brittany was so nice and helpful! Definitely a place I would visit again :)"  but recently went after the remodel. The restaurant looks much better. I ordered the southwest turkey burger (awesome) and my husband ordered the chicken tacos (awesome)! The service was superb! I think the remodel improved the dining experience." ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw "They've remodeled the inside of the restaurant and it looks great! The beer is great and the service really good. The food is overpriced. It's good food A very nice brewpub - a recent and extensive renovation provides great atmosphere.  Blue cheese bacon burger was excellent.  Their brews are very well balanced and enjoyable - something on tap for everyone. ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw I like bottom but I like there older menu better. For example I miss the sausage meatloaf vs the new turkey one they replaced it with. Doesn't wow me like the other did. They lose a star with this updated menu. Parking is convenient in the lot right below and they validate." The waitress was awesome. Thanks Victory for telling us your secrets. Rock bottom is a really good chain. the difference is in the service when visiting one of these places. "I wasn't impressed with this place. The menu sounds really great& the waitress suggested I get the chicken bacon Mac & cheese "Go here if you enjoy waiting in the lobby when there are tons of open tables and being rudely treated by the hostess!  The food is just ok bar food.  The beer is awesome I will admit and the servers are pretty attentive.  I would rather drive down to Myrtle beach or Atlanta to it's sister restaurant Gordon Biersch.  The food is much better and the people who work there will treat you much better.  If you really need to go there to enjoy the beer Our server was very good and took excellent care of us." "yumm yumm yumm... Rock Bottom has some great food and the atmosphere is really cool. I love the fact that you can view the brewery and the beer sampler was fantastic! I don't have one bad thing to say about this place. Every one was very nice  but everything was fairly well done.  Went for a lunch meeting and had the southwest salad.  The jalapeno ranch was made in house and was great.  The baguette on the side was a nice touch.  Service was perfect: attentive but not hovering.  We were able to get in and out quickly.  Other diner thought the ahi tuna salad was good as well.  Tuna was perfectly done and contained a good sized lunch portion.  Other meals (chicken avocado sandwich and bacon cheeseburger) looked uninteresting."  my caesar dressing was defiantly home made! Service was great as well and food was reasonably priced! Will come back again on my next trip to Charlotte!" Service is great. Outside seating in mild weather is awesome. Chicken Mac and Sausage Mac were both great. Veggie pizza was fresh and yummy. Beer sampler was fun to try!  but I wasn't too impressed by that either. I ended up just drinking my dinner  a bit overpriced for the quality   selection. They have a make your own pizza for the kids which is great and provides some entertainment. I recommend ordering it first thing though bc it does delay the rest of the order while they make it. Would go back but would like to try some non-chains in the area too. Very close to discovery place which was nice as we only had to walk a block for lunch." It was so disappointing that  me and two my friends could not finish our meals." Will look forward to coming back next visit to Charlotte" Visiting from out of town we happen to walk upon this place. The food was good and the service was great. The menu itself has a lot for everyone. We did sample the beer it was good just a bit warm for my taste. We were ivisiting from out of town and went here on a Friday night.  We had good service and great food.  We both had the chicken sausage gumbo and it had just a little kick to warm us up on a chilly night.  Also went for the beer battered fish and chips which was also great.  though- NO WHOLE WHEAT BUNS?! What restaurant doesn't have whole wheat bread alternatives these days?!" "A cool place to hang out in downtown.  The food.is very good.  You cannot go wrong with the fish and chips.  I enjoy the beer.  Most of beers are brewed on site.  The only problem is the staff turns over very quickly.  Parking is free if you park in the deck under the restaurant.   Make sure yo ger your ticket validated.   Sign up for the rewards card.  It is not nearly as good as the previous perks card "I had a fabulous time sitting at the bar on a busy Saturday. Meredith is an incredibly attentive bartender  for restoring my faith in Charlotte restaurants!"  I'd definitely return and recommend a visit to anyone!"  or a personality shining through. I must say. We had one of the best experiences we have ever had out anywhere in NC there at rock bottom. We were having such a good time when we paid the check we ordered 2 more drinks because we didn't want to leave.   I would highly recommend this restaurant and the jalapeo poppers!"  fries etc. The stuff you expect. Lots of seating and service is A-Ok. They have a nice patio as well." We went for lunch on Sunday Afternoon.  We sat there for ten minutes and nobody acknowledged us or came to our table.  A waitress passed our table two times and chose not to make eye contact with us.  Servers congregated at the hostess stand.  We walked out and still nobody noticed.  This used to be my favorite place uptown.  Really disappointed.  the manager was great at covering up for the lack of service we received but with so many options in downtown Charlotte I would chose another place next time." Not sure we would return anytime soon." If I could give negative star rating I would."  the worst dining experience I have ever been a part of and I would not recommend this overrated establishment to anyone." be finding another one."  with an awesome bar area as well as private tables. I also love their outdoor seating I had the 2AM burger and it may have honestly been the best burger I've ever had! I also love their patio seating outside and the bar around the back. My only complaint (which isn't Rock Bottom's fault) is that homeless people approached our table 3 times during our dinner to ask for either money or some of our water. My husband ordered the veggie burger and fries. I tried the fries and I liked them but didn't try his burger. He said it was good but again nothing special."  nothing to write home about. Corn tortillas average salad. Average...just average. Go support a local place that offers something different" "This place wasn't bad.  If you live in Charlotte and have tried the other local beers in the area My Husband and I took my son out for dinner and we all LOVED it!  My husband had the bacon mac and cheese. He said it was the best he had ever eaten!  My son at the veggie tacos and also loved them.  I had one of there salads and was very happy with what I received.  Our server went out of his way to make sure everything was the way we wanted it.  Looking forward to going back soon!  CO and this one was less than impressive. I'm new to Charlotte so I've been waiting to try this Rock Bottom out.  Went on a Sunday afternoon around 5pm. I took my young son with me so it was just dinner no alcohol. The restaurant wasn't very busy so we got seated right away.  Our server (which I didn't get his name) appeared about 5 minutes after we got seated  or service. I have visited Chicago and Long Beach and now Charlotte always great and consistent."  awesome and cute staff. Why are you not there now?" "Just got back from a week long trip to Charlotte with my girlfriend and of all the places we went to  but it is not too laid back. It is perfect for family and friends. It has great outdoor seating." "I had the Tuscan Chicken Pasta. It was very well seasoned. My son-in-law had the Cajun Pasta "Came here for lunch after a field trip with my students. Great service "This place was great for atmosphere and large groups but the food actually sucked.  We ordered from the happy hour appetizer menu and our server was pretty slow and forgetful. She brought one of us crab dip that was cold (supposed to be served hot)  bringing them drinks so im pretty sure I was getting the run around. I asked her who the manager was and she said Michael and again walked away. Pretty disrespectful attitude to have in a customer service environment. Next time I come to Charlotte I need to stick to the many many other places with great food and folks that want to take care of their clients. My opinion is that the food here was darn good and consistent Did I mention the beer was pretty darned good too" Here's the Deal...Just stopped in for quick bite to eat while I was in town... I had the grilled chicken sandwich with avocado and it was good!.   Service was very friendly and helpful with menu choices.  The place has nice outdoor seating & plenty of TV's and bar space... I'd try again when in the area.  but the beer here was a fair sight better than at least one or two of the local breweries we visited during this tour of the Carolinas  stay on top of the game scheduling. We all know there are a new round of games kicking off at 4pm Very good beer and food + a truly relaxing and comfortable setting = four stars. Prices were OK and the location is great if you are in or near center-city CLT. I had the Cajun Pasta & my wife had grilled shrimp with Mac Cheese. YUM!  beer is amazing! Highly recommend stopping in if you're in the neighborhood."  the burger itself was good but the hash browns on it were not. My wife had the bourbon burger she said it was alright. My oldest daughter ordered the kids hamburger and was impressed that it was cooked to order not the normal hockey puck on bread that kids normal get. My younger daughter got the build your own pizza and she actually got to ""build"" it before they put it in the oven. The food was a little slow arriving. The service was fair. I had the three of their handcrafted beers all were excellent."  the burger itself was good but the hash browns on it were not. My wife had the bourbon burger she said it was good. My oldest daughter ordered the kids hamburger and was impressed that it was cooked to order not the hockey puck on bread that kids normal get. My younger daughter got the build your own pizza and she actually got to ""build"" it before they put it in the oven. The food was a little slow arriving and the service was fair I love their dark beer and veggie burger! "Can't say enough good things about the few food items I've had hear. Appetizer: definitely go with the chicken nachos. HUGE (easily share between 4+ people) and great taste toppings. My absolute favorite entree is the Lobster & Shrimp Enchiladas. I'm not a fan of black beans  Tori had bacon mac and cheese-again awesome. To drink a had the 6  sample flight of micro beers-good to see 3 4 full juice glasses and not just a shot glass amount like so places. Kathy had a margarita also very good. To finish we had toffee cheese cake in a mason jar-killer and coffee. The waitstaff was good  I'll say it: it felt like an upscale Applebee's.  Everyone was helpful and friendly; we didn't even mind the 20 minute wait (at  5:30 PM?). Did not care for their IPA. I love beer and only drank maybe half - tasted more like a Lager to me. Wife's soup was barely warm but she said the flavor was good. My Santa Fe Ranch Chicken Salad was just okay. Some of the lettuce was a bit limp and slimy. I did like the deep fried Jalapeno rings on top. Our waiter was really good but smelled heavily of cigarettes.  Our glasses never went empty and he even packed up our leftovers and bagged them. I think trying to run a good brewery and restaurant at the same time is a tricky operation. Sometimes one may suffer to highlight the other  but there were just too many problems with our lunch.  Clearly it was a bad day...tables near us stacked with dirty dishes for our entire visit.  The restaurant was not busy.  Our food took at least 30 minutes to arrive the first time (and there was an error. )     Why a burger and a salad would take that long on a slow day is beyond me.  The worst offense was my chicken Caesar salad I go here a lot and food is always good but service has dropped off a lot." "Had a wonderful experience. My wife got the steak and it came out over done and not very good. We told the waitress and she took care of it with out a second thought. She got my wife a new steak "The beer sampler was great. All of them were great craft beers. Wait staff had some good recommendations. I had the fish and chips  Duckworth's will be opening next week and it is a better option for food and a larger selection of commercial beers." Boyfriend got a burger and said it was ok. You have to order sides separately here (absolutely hate that). The side order of fries was so small. I mean give me a break. I split the BBQ pizza with a friend and we enjoyed it. Great flavors and the fried onions on top have it a nice crunch. Also "It looked great from the outside however when inside nothing went as planned. Granted we did have a large crowd however we expected more class... Our drinks were never filled on time. Our food came out in waves so we were unable to eat together "Had a large gathering here last night between two different companies. Staff blocked off the area and put signs up indicating it was a private party. Food was warm and drink service was great. Seemed like there was always a server ready to refill drinks. In fact "I tried the pulled pork BBQ sandwich tonight and I'm very sorry about the choice. It has to be the worst BBQ sandwich I've had in 32 years in the Carolinas. The meat was saturated in a cloying nauseatingly sweet sauce. I should have sent the plate back  but I digress. I went here a few years ago when I was just vacationing here and felt that it was just as than non-noteworthy then. I won't be going back now. Just too much money to spend on mediocre food." Love this place. You get to experience the city without spending a thousand dollars. Lol  it is very clean and great food. You can sit indoor or outdoor. They validate your parking so you don't have to pay. Went for a late night dinner. They catered to my  low sodium needs. My salad was amazing! My captions were all happy with their food! "By far my favorite restaurant to eat at in all of Charlotte! I refuse to try anything other than their fish tacos! Everyone that I have visited the restaurant with raves about their burgers but the fish tacos are by far the best I have ever had! The beer that is brewed within the restaurant brewery is also delicious and I make sure to get the beer sampler every time I go so that I do not have to pick just one. The atmosphere is also a huge highlight. Part of the restaurant is a laid back ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw  two small ones but the perfect size for me. The corn tortilla was tough in the middle otherwise great.  Service was a little slow. .. They were busy."  but the air seemed to be broken and the service was extremely slow. Half the time our drinks were empty. Our appetizer didn't come out until our food did... So what was the point in an app??? If you can stand sweating the whole time and being thirsty then come eat here because the food is amazing." This place is incredible!!! The beers & the food is excellent & outstanding!!! The Service is Wonderful & Amazing!!! Hospitality & Generous Portions & A Staff that seems to Genuinely Care if you enjoy your experience there!!! If there was more than 5 Stars Available I would offer more to Rock Bottom Brewery!!! First Class Establishment All The Way!!! Apparently people love this place. I'd come back to have a beer and an appetizer but probably stay away from the rest of the menu. Over priced and overrated!" I love Rock Bottom Brewery!!! I would go to 2 of them in San Diego & La Jolla... Awesome!!! The Charlotte One is even better & Bacon Mac & Cheese is why!!! #Culinary Greatness!!! This is a really nice place! They have a nice variety of food and cocktails. My man always wants the bacon Mac n cheese and I enjoy the Cajun pasta. So many good things about Rock Bottom. Try them out!  this was a nice place to go and wouldn't mind going here again." "I had a good experience.  I came with family and everyone enjoyed their meal.  I can't say it was spectacular I have eaten here several times & always find it disappointing. Tried a variety of foods & none have been particularly good.  and he was friendly and efficient. Overall a very pleasant dining experience." The food and beer selection here is great. Not my favorite local beers but they definitely hit the spot. It's usually pretty crowded but the wait time isn't bad if you're flexible about sitting outside. I'll be back to try more of their foods. I will say skip the macaroni and cheese - it's mostly grease and breadcrumbs. We absolutely LOVE the food here. However we had family in town and brought them here and the service was terrible. It's embarrassing the service was so bad after we have been talking this establishment up for so long. The food took forever but was delicious once we received it. The server was Ami and had zero desire to be there and really wasn't in the mood for our party of eight. I wouldn't even give this place a star for this reason!" We had the worst experience at this place! It ruined our first visit in Charlotte. Their service was horrible and I would never go to any Rock Bottom! "I've been to rock bottom many times and plan on going back because I always enjoy the good food and great beer that is made on site. But this last time I went I was really impressed by the professionalism of the management. I just read the review by Erick V and I was there when the party from the ACN convention was at rock bottom Kids ""build your own Sundae"" dessert" Only came here because the martini bar we wanted to go to ended up being closed on Sunday's." "The stars are only for the brews.    Badly overcooked salmon which was devoid of any evidence of the rumored Bourbon glaze.  The Grilled broccoli side was steamed   Rice had been on the steam table too long.  Best part of rhe meal was the salad even though it took two tries for the waitress to bring the right dressing.  Just walk past this place and choose anywhere else in  this ""restaurant district""." Okay food nothing special. Brushetta chicken dry and not much flavor.  Beer was good!  but previous visits were acceptable." It really topped off our visit to Charlotte and definitely makes me and my wife want to come back" Not edible. Came in for a quick bite to eat on a Sunday for lunch. Server was not knowledgeable about the beer menu and was hard to flag down for anything. The chicken was flavorless and tough. The fries were cold and mushy. Will not come back here. The red ale was really great.   Attentive staff and friendly environment.   I recommend the Reuben.  Their location brings in a lot of tourists.  so maybe I just ordered the wrong item. Would recommend not sitting outside or at the bar if you want food." "Stopped in before the Panthers Sunday night game. Sat at the bar with my buddy.  It was not busy.  The bar was dirty and no one made an effort to clean the space where we were sitting.  Gross.  Bartenders were terrible and not attentive.  Waited 10 minutes before someone asked if we needed something. Unacceptable. The beer was decent "Dropped in for lunch and was seated right away. This is my go to place for a quick meal. I've been back a couple of times and the service food never fail. I ordered the chicken fried chicken I love the chicken mac n cheese and beer choice with it. I even tried replicating it at home. Good place for food uptown."  I was disappointed by the size. My girlfriend got some time of Cajun pasta that tasted good and was much more appropriately sized." Went across the street to Duckworth's who took great care of us." ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw  and then more booths tables towards the back of the restaurant. Right now they have a great deal going on for their beer samples where you get 6 samples for $5. Their menu offers a wide variety so it appeals to vegetarians  and decent food. All in all they provide what they chalk themselves up to be. Good tvs as well around the bar. I prefer the local Charlotte options I visited around 2 p.m. on a Friday afternoon. The place was not busy.  Many empty tables.  I ordered Jambalaya. It was warm and  good tasting.  Dessert was great.  Staff was friendly.  Enviroment was pleasant.  It took awhile for me to get my food.  I ordered coffee and I had to wait to get a refill.  They had enough help in my opinion. Waiting to get my order is the reason I did not give a five star rating.  I will come back and eat here again. Typical bar-ish type food. Nothing that really stands out. It's a good place to go out after work. Manager-- my husband walked off to find him so he could address it personally instead of making a scene. He told my husband he'd be back over in 30 seconds- several tens of minutes later "Went for a late lunch on Feb 13. Had to wait 15 minutes for a table even though there were plenty of vacant tables. Seems they had a shortage of wait staff and then a back up in the kitchen. No biggie - our waitress was nothing short of amazing!  The drinks were cold  and it took 30 minutes to get our drinks. Service was slow and really bad so it made for a poor experience. If it wasn't for the guy with the guitar and harmonica  the first time leaving with the entire meal comped because of the crappy service. Last night I went in there with eight of my family members and we had to wait 30 minutes to get a drink we had one then left . Manager didn't seem to care so I can assure you we will not be spending $300 twice a month there anymore"  the 3 tables that came in after us had been seated and waited on. Finally I flagged down a waiter and asked to see the manager. As soon as he acknowledged me he checked his watch as if to see if he had time to get the manager before his shift ended. Another almost 5 minutes pass by and a waitress comes over and asked if we had been helped. Explained to her that we had been waiting at that point 20 minutes she apologized and gave some lame excuse that our area was not assigned to any specific wait staff but they rotated tables. However The location right downtown is very nice however." "Very middle of the road. Average in every sense of the word. Not great This place is basically a Chili's with a brewery. When I come to Charlotte downtown is always my first stop. The mac&cheese is the best! You have to try it! The service overall is okay and the drinks as well. The prices are descent but I love coming to Rock Bottom! "The food was good and the prices were really good for the area the restaurant is at; we went on Friday night and it was nice. The server was very nice and attentive but we waited an hour for our food  pass this place up and try one of the other wonderful places uptown like ruths chris or capital grill.  I really wish I had just gone with Thomas street and next time given limited options well just be ordering pizza or hitting a drive through or just not eating. Everything about this place turned me off which is a shame I hate unhappy reviews." "We came here 10 minutes before the kitchen closed and we were starving 11:50pm. The staff treated us like ROYALTY and we were served by 4 different staff with nothing but absolute politeness. And also  they said no and they offered to help me look. I then remember seeing someone lurking at our table so I approached several servers and asked about it and then I asked the hostess if anyone has seen a phone and the hostess searched and apologized and said no and if i leave my info at the desk they will call if anything turns up. I called the phone multiple times and it was already shut off when i knew it had sufficient battery. A server offered to go speak to the manager. It may seem ridiculous Grade 90. Stood at hostess stand for 6 minutes until someone said I'll be right back. After 3 more min. I left. Food and service are great. This is our go to place when we just want to grab a quick bite.  I would've sent them back. I would discourage anyone from ordering these disappointing mini flavorless tacos. My friend ordered chips and guacamole. It was served in a tiny bowl that you would see in an elementary cafeteria for your sides. NOT what you would expect for an appetizer. It was the size you would expect if you ordered guacamole on something else. I'll give this place another shot later  he admitted it was wrong and attempted to fix it but essentially came back with a charge that was essentially the same as before but now with a non-itemized receipt so you couldn't see the error.  Could have asked him to address it again My steak was perfect and the fries were wonderful! Great atmosphere and excellent service even right before they closed!! Highly recommended! "I have been here more than once but the food has gone down hill since I last dined here. The beer is great with lots of different choices and menu gives good details about the flavors. I had a steak  we saw Muggsy Bogues there too!" "This place has kind of a cool vibe. The beer was fantastic. The food was so good and cooked to order. The menu has so many great selections. My husband ordered the mac&cheese with chicken. I didn't try any of it but it looked so decadent and he practically licked the bowI! I had a burger with pepper jack cheese  one was charred to the point it was inedible (requested medium well) the other was also over cooked and came with giant chunks of onion even though he ordered it with no onions. Our server tried to take care of us by comping some of the meal so that was good but still would not recommend going here for food." Guac desperately needed salt. Mac n cheese was fantastic. Large outdoor seating. Microbrewery with good beer! I definitely will not return to Rock Bottom and would not recommend this restaurant to anyone."  we were sat and given our menus. It was NOT a gluten free menu at all! It was a menu with a very small selection of items on their normal menu with the gluten taken again. No substitute were given. There were burgers with out any buns Say hi to Christa for me! :-)"  that's worth checking out."  no one brings cash to clubs anymore. Srsly people... don't make the bartenders run your card every time you order a drink. Costs the club money (and up go the drink prices) "Not impressed!!  If there were 0 stars that's the rating this place would get.  I ordered a cheeseburger and it was worse than what you'd expect from a school lunchroom!   And why is this place called an ""Irish Pub""?  One would expect typical Irish dishes but not here!  I honestly have no idea how this place stays in business.  Sorry "I never thought about the name "" Irish Pub"" but the menu is pretty much American. I never knew they had ""Tommy Tots"" in Ireland maybe that was the cause of the potato famine. Seriously  sat down for dinner a couple of times. If me and my girlfriend are there to drink we usually grab some fries or something too. They always have some fun event planned. I have been there for trivia I finally had some of their wings a while back... they are SO good. Some of the best I've had.  about this place is it is GLBT friendly and not flamboyant about it. In the south Then a couple years ago I discovered their dance floor  must be beer. This place is your typical Irish Pub - you know what you get. The staff is friendly and this place has been here for awhile. The food is bar food but if you're buzzin  order your favorite drink and  you've exerted all the effort you need.  The bartender was awesome and did not keep anyone waiting.  Hartigan's arguably has the best disco balls in town.  The regulars come here to dance!" "I was on a business trip and only had time for a quick bite to eat at lunch time before heading to airport! I think my burger was so overcooked that it tasted like it was double cooked and the tater tots included were plentiful and tasty!  They had other items on menu but I did not sample!  The space is spacious and it looks like a lot of fun  but you have to wonder why they had a black mold problem in the ice machine for so long!)"  at least the nights I've been in anyway.   It's also a great place to swing by before a Panther's game since it's right next to the stadium  and there must have been a whole bag of tots on my plate because I couldn't finish them.  Friendly and helpful servers  you don't receive service. So much for southern hospitality. I will not be returning." Looking for dancing? Go here. Looking for a place to have fun and let loose? Hartigans. I promise you Went here for a date night and had a good time.  Friendly service and one of a few places that actually serves good tater tots.  I don't drink so I didn't pay much attention to the bar  but there is no greeting at the door or system for new customers. It looks like a good place to eat and hang out  where the evening cocktail reception contained a NASCAR theme and an open bar.  And who says insurance guys don't know how to have a good time  and a great beer selection.  Attentive staff and sportsbar-meets-college bar ambience."  a throw back to a time some people may miss. So throw off the tie scarf and leave the day job behind and just enjoy some beers and wings or nachos and have a little fun  it very well could have been some kind of football after game outing.  I managed to meet an older brother that was into the Pistons Nice sports bar... not all of the seats allow good angles of the game but it still not a bad place to watch a game... the food is desent... i would stick to the fried stuff and bar food... they have good drink specials and alot of TVs...  Had a few too many wasted nights in this place... "After work place for a beer (decent number of drafts) and some bar grub.  Had some fairly decent Mahi tacos.  Service was good  but that can be okay too.  They do a pretty good job of keeping the Golden Tee game up to date which is nice." We ate at the bar and the service was great. When we first sat down I realized that I left my ID in our apartment and I (understandably) couldn't be served. The bartender was very apologetic  to the abundance of good viewing angles & tvs. The atmosphere is pretty live during the nightlife  stop by on  a Tuesday to watch whatever game is on. After a few beers  so it's a good place to start or finish a night of moving from bar to bar. They serve food until late-night When Im in the mood for bar food I pop in for a beer and their buffalo chicken wrap and pretty decent chili Yum!  They also do full menu takeout for when you don't feel like the bar scene...  the huge fan above helps cut the smoke down dramatically.  You can't escape the smoke all together probably  the bar was great!  Had a buffalo chicken wrap and quite a few Fat Tire drafts and I had a really great time.  The staff was attentive and helpful t5l-H2KdY4MQgLDMENz9WQ  nothing wrong with coming here on a Sunday to catch all the games.  Plus Just wish they had more people going in and out This is a decent chain bar that almost feels like a local."  tons of tv's and a huge bar.  Would visit again!" This place is a win if you go on the right day. The food isn't phenomenal "Ugh! The worst food ever. Who serves a shrimp taco with cheese? There was no mention of cheese on the menu for the meal. The ""Manager"" was unwilling to comp my meal...they took a measly $3 off. The waitress asked what ""side"" i wanted and i chose a salad...we were charged for the side when my meal ""came with a side"". Plus they didn't have the correct vodka for a drink listed on their drink list and they charged us for the more expensive substitute! Hands down  but the pizza took an awful long time to come out. We must have waited for about 30 minutes before the food finally came to our table. But once it came Bonus: they have a TON of good beer on draft. It's probably about 20-25 beers on tap and they change quite often. If you catch them on a special draft night then SCORE if you're a beer lover!! They also have a fun little patio and it's prime location for people watching too." Overall not a bad experience. Not the type of place I'd plan to go but if my friends And I don't have an issue with any of that." "Stool Pigeons is the definition of a mediocre sports bar. It's a bit dirty  most of that stuff was the kitchen. Should always tip cause they don't really get paid by the restaurant."  like the central hub of a college campus.  But it's easy walking distance from the restaurant to the Border's and Starbucks.  Which makes it a nice place for a relaxing  but these have the best consistency!  I could tell that they weren't the pre-packaged kind; these are made from bread crumbs in the kitchen.  I can honestly just grab a plate of croutons and ranch dressing and go to town.  That's quite enough info on the croutons  or lie about where I'm at. Hehe. But that doesn't stop me from eating here at least once a month." It's casual dining with a very full selection at the bar. Would I come here again? Sure. Consistency is nice sometimes. I can't find a thing wrong to say about the place  on the salad bar- they used to have bread and butter pickles and pineapple.  Whhyyyyy? in my most dramatic voice." The Colony & Sharon location closed.  and soon to be an ABC." This place specializes in down home cooking.  They are famous for their fried chicken and I definitely recommend trying it.  They also have a variety of other foods to choose from if you're more health conscious that myself.  Definitely one to try for your next long lunch hour.  but not for a cheap lunch.  Be prepared to pay dinner prices."  and cranberry sauce on top of a muffin (they mean English muffin). But when it came out it just looked like a bowl of lard. It also felt like I was eating a bowl of lard. I should have probably ordered from the diet menu. Haven't had this bad of an experience in a while." I probably wouldn't frequent the Charlotte Cafe "The singularly worst dining experience I have ever had.  Service was extremely slow.  We were repeatedly served raw chicken.  A complimentary basket of fries offered to keep our hungry children happy during the repeated food returns was added to our bill.  On the third plate of raw chicken we decided to leave.  We asked for the raw and inedible items and the fries (that we had not ordered) to be removed from our bill.  We were willing to pay for the drinks and few edible items and the manager harangued us.  Then the owner showed up and after harassing us for awhile took the entire bill away and made a loud bizarre speech about what a great businessman he was.  Meanwhile other tables were also experiencing issues and walking out.  We handed our poor waitress  no way..breakfast better. Homefries good. Omlettes dry and not so good." My sister ordered pancakes which she had no problem with and returning to the South  I don't see why it was.  It reports a very similar experience to the one I had with the kitchen unable to cook the food right and the customer still being charged for it."  fine-dining experience... go across the parking lot.  But if you want a good meal "come here for breakfast once a week . Good  Rough start for lunch. Waitress with an attitude. Had a good little breakfast for under $6.00. Simple decor friendly staff.  the service was very slow and I waited forever for my food to come out - and it was not even anything special - scrambled eggs Doing some work while waiting for my engine oil to be changed at Firestone!" Very good. I had the salmon pattie entree. Food and service excellent.  I'll be back.  especially if you have little ones. They have a large menu and daily specials (recommend the chicken and dumplings). I've tried all sorts of things on their menu and the only item I recommend skipping are the fries." Elderly woman after me was talking quietly to the hostess about the chicken.  Based on other reviews b856Q36EWKbwbm_XdJER8Q "My family loves going here.  Kids get 2 sides for free and then we usually split a kids meal between them. My husband and I love when they have the pot roast over egg noodles special! They have lots of other great plates b856Q36EWKbwbm_XdJER8Q  this is a great spot for Breakfast."  too.  They are called Snoops now and there are black silhouettes of spies all over the walls.  Sort of a dive - but great food - I will definitely be going back to fill that greasy spoon need!" "I was taking a break from work one day and saw a sign in the window of this store claiming that they had some pretty great ice cream.  Being from northwest Iowa originally I know good ice cream  but it has the air of a place that's been in the neighborhood for years. The staff is friendly in a short-order cook kind of way  which with the burger I was served is simply amazing. It may not be the healthiest option in Charlotte OH NO - CLOSED AS OF JUNE 2012 - PHAT BURRITO IS MOVING IN.  I AM VERY MAD AT YOU PHAT BURRITO!  YOU GOT SOME SPLAININ' TO DO!!" MZBF4LqZrT5yefELVbUhfg  get 1 free. Wednesday is double punch day. They always have yummy specials. The toppings are fresh and you put them on yourselves. Absolutely love Snoop's!" Service wasn't super inviting and the cash register attendant didn't even hint at a smile when we ordered. As soon as cash was in hand I remember this place growing up only thing changed was the name and the son runs it now still one of the best burgers in charlotte Don't miss the fantastic lemonade or orange-ade that is fresh squeezed when you order it!"  I didn't get a chance to try it.  The rest of the foods were basic concession-stand items.  Burgers Prices are a bit higher  than average for this type of fare." nhPdxY-jbf-XVQ6Hq6qJPw There is still one location open on Westinghouse blvd. and they just opened for dinner as well as lunch."  how rude!  Not to mention my fish gyro was dry and I had to load it up with tartar sauce I ordered a takeout here today and ordered my FF extra crispy.  Same old limp soggy under cooked fries as usual.   and the food was great too. I had a gyro and it was one of the best I've ever had. This is now one of my go to places for breakfast and lunch when I'm in Charlotte." I happened to be passing by one morning and feeling a little rough from the night before.  I needed some grease to soak up the leftover booze in my tummy.  It served its purpose.  Service was nice.  I think my breakfast combo was only like 3.99." A no frills place. The food is consistent and good. The staff is always polite and the price is reasonable.  What more could you want? Great food good people and service! "Harper's is like a more local version of TGIFridays or Applebees.  The food here is really delicious Harpers has a nice bar area if you want to catch one after work.  The service is consistently good and their BBQ pork is excellent.  I have dined there 10+ times and have always been satisfied and so have my guests.  It's a good atmosphere in the bar and dining areas. I highly recommend Harper's (and Harper's To Go Go)." Dont go there during lunch.  It is jam packed and your lunch hour will be over before you food comes.  I had the catfish burger and it was entirely too salty. Oh and Mom and Dad are getting GPS tomorrow.  Merry fucking Christmas." My server was friendly and cute and kept my drink filled. The food came out lightning fast and she was ready for the check when I was." Like the warm setting and the open kitchen too." "My friend and I headed to Harper's for a quick dinner before catching a movie at Phillip's Place. I was pretty pleased with the food at Harper's. And the menu has a lot of different American food options (burgers  it's also the perfect place to take out-of-town guests who want to go out ""someplace nice"" but are also picky eaters.  There's nothing outlandish on the menu.  They can always find their comfort food and I So come down to Harper's and sit at the bar!  It's a lot of fun Overwhelmingly Average!"  then they throw in Italian sausage as well.  My mouth was in heaven when we returned to Harper's Restaurant the other night after a year or so absence.   Just be careful about digging into it too quickly.  They bake the entire dish in the oven ZYViW3rchpcdHS7afeLekA  hard to avoid dairy.  Next time I'll make it on a Wednesday so I can try the Brunswick stew.  The hot bar at Harper's To Go next door reminds me of Mac Kelly's in Chicago so I'm looking forward to going back there for a quick lunch."  I think due to the moderate price and good location. If you are looking for a sort of ...  regular place.. this would be it..  which is odd Friends tried the filet-mignon and they said it was the best they have ever had.  Perfectly cooked just as they asked for.  This coming from a  world traveler and self proclaimed steak lover this says a lot."  I just had the tacos. But I suspect the rest of the food are blah too. This coming from a guy that knows somebody that works there. Sorry. It is  and small portions. The same owner's Mimosa Grill in Uptown Charlotte is much better." "Let me tell you gents this place is totes av (average). Really not much to say. If you like food you'll probably be able to eat some of it here. My friends at the table insist that I rate this place as ""good average"" but that seems meaningless. Also $2 beers of which I've had about 6."  but for a quesadilla a 30 minute wait is crazy since it's an appetizer.  I will not be going back any time soon." I think I'm done with Harper's for a while."  the food is really more like 3.5 approaching 4 star -- depending on the menu item.  Outdoor seating in season.  Location is convenient to South Park folks  but great if you have an hour for lunch. My only complaint besides timliness was the relentlessly screaming child that no one bothered to take out of the restaurant that was clearly distubring everyone trying to have their lunch." Not bad but over priced for what you get. I have only been 2x's within a year and was a little disappointed. I went for lunch last April and it was hard to find something light on the menu. I just went for dinner and ordered the honey mustard glazed salmon. It was ok but nothing special for $20.00. Probably would not go again. Personally I'm going to try a few other places around  and i bet you'll walk away thinking: ""hmm . . . that was really good.  remind me again why we don't come here more often?"""  kids portions entirely to small and bad.  Veggie burger was pretty good.  All that bad and overpaid to boot.  The baked creamy corn side may have been the worst thing to ever touch my lips!" I am sad to say that I will not visit again unless an executive group decision is made to dine here.  :  " "This use to be the go to place because the food was always consistent.  I hadn't been in about 2 yrs though due to the quality service had dropped.  So this weekend I was in the area and decided to give it another try.  I had the Ahi Tuna.  The tuna itself was good but the noodle salad had a strange  taste  full of kids and has no class but the economy is tough these days. For my money I'll get my beef (or smoked pork chops) there instead of Harper's. Wow  at least in my experience.  According to the little ad on our table  I was very intrigued by this location's arrangement. It seems to be ""covered"" by the trees that surround it  upscale dining establishments scattered across the country.  And that's not a bad thing.  What you see is what you get at Harper's: warm  but with so many choices in Charlotte I would not come back in a hurry."  so we decided to give it a try.  The food was great... unique without trying too hard So in short the prices have gone up and the quality has gone down. I guess I will have to find a new fav burger joint.Booooooo!" Food & service are very good. I would prefer to come here versus the over rated Village Tavern.  watch out for the bumble bees hovering over the Wisteria and buzzing around your tables. Their crab dip tastes great but it is heavy and the ratio is a bit off... not a lot of dip for the amount of bread they give you." Cozy enough for adults night out but lively and fine for school age kids. Winner!!!"  while it was good it did not come with a salad or any bread. Every good restaurant even the less expensive chains like Outback and Long horn you get a salad and endless fresh bread. At the very least give a salad with entree's of this caliber. Will not be going back." "Service is excellent.  Every time.  Food is just ok.  The brisket is totally juicy and fabulous but everything else I have had there is just ok.  They have a gluten free menu which is nice.  Honestly though I just go back because its convenient Stopped in here for a business lunch. A bit loud but still was able to speak clearly.  Ordered up some shrimp tacos.  Was warned they had a bit of a kick. They did and they were good!  Really enjoyed them.  Service was dead on too.  Def a place I would go back to again if I was in the area.  I'll take a sweet tea refill and so will they"". Why in the world the waitress thought it was okay to leave our drinks bone dry WHILE still eating dinner is beyond me.  As previously stated  I have not had an opportunity to come back on any Thursdays." "I like it here. My wife and I have been here a number of times. Our first visit we were pleasantly surprised with it being trivia night. The past few times we've gone for dinner and once for Sunday brunch. I like the food here a lot. I'm partial to the prime rib (my wife is too) and the chicken and waffles were nice for brunch. The restaurant is pretty clean and the venue itself has a typical American restaurant dining room vibe. Our service is usually good  good service and excellent food. I had the wood fired pizza which was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. The right of perfectly seasoned sauce and the inhouse pepperoni was superb. I could ask for much more. I haven't been there for dinner but I would definitely return for lunch." Nice atmosphere. Busy lunch. I ordered the brisket sandwich. It was a little pinker than I would normally get but that's ok. I didn't like the amount of fat on the meat. Overall servers very attentive and nice (and cute). Very friendly staff. Nice selection and food was good. Great for a casual lunch or dinner! I know Harper's is a family favorite for so many so I don't want to burst any bubbles and I can see why people like it.  They have a diverse menu "Even on a Friday night we were seated reasonably quickly. Our server Michael was outstanding  maybe they sold? The penne pasta with Italian sausage is the only thing I'll order if I go. I've taken a bet on some of my old favorites and have been really disappointed. Price is kind of high for the quality of food you get."  and they're not overly intrusive.  Atmosphere is great and the big boothes are perfect for a business lunch." I LOVE LOVE LOVE the chicken supremes! SOOO Good! I also love the sweet potato fries. My husbands favorite is the penne pasta dish with the sausage. It is really tasty.  Great place. I highly recommend! Lunch: Harper's Classic Club. Delicious. Great service. Nice atmosphere. Convenient.  my family and I had a nice experience. I'd be happy to come back." I'm sure that I will comeback and give them another try... If only for that honey glazed salmon!" This restaurant is always consistent and good - I look forward to coming back on future visits." "the food was tasty! we split the chicken sandwich and the pesto pizza 2 stars only because the service was good.  Food sucked. The staff was nice and pleasant and catered to our table with speed and accuracy.  The only drawback I have for the place is the acoustics.  It's a bit loud in there almost all the time." I was not pleased with the service that I received and I was not satisfied with the value. I highly prefer the Pineville location.  and asking the wait staff for a refill is like asking the DMV for an estimated wait time; you're probably not going to get what you're looking for.   This is particularly sad because I used to love this restaurant (Another piddly comment I have - wait staff shouldn't set up in the rest room changing clothes getting ready for shift and gossiping.  As a paying guest The good thing about this place is it's prices are reasonable especially in the area it's located.  I would probably go back." Thanks Harper's and especially Curtis Stevenson!"  the food was ridiculously above par (even better than the other times I've been here)  but each time I go back their food gets more and more greasy. Who in the world is their new chef???. And their garlic dressing is disgusting." The bad service rated a 2 but the food as usual was excellent and the way the manager stepped up made us rate our experience higher." The fajitas were delicious!  it's now hit or miss. You can't even count on them having an acceptable sanitation grade.  Our lunch there yesterday may have turned us off for good." "I don't know why I continue to come here.  The food is decent but it takes so friggin ' long to arrive.  My lunch break is an hour.  I spend about half of it waiting for my food to arrive.  It's a sandwich Always a great place! Remember going as a child at the original location on Woodlawn! This place is great always has been. Quality service and quality food. The chicken tenders are hand breaded and have been my favorite since a small child! The honey mustard is delish! For a more grown up taste ;) try the pizzas or pimento cheese! Yum! I had the worst service at Harpers tonight. Service was lousy and indicative of how the service and food selections continue to slip.  I dine here frequently and tonight was a real DISAPPOINTMENT! I asked for juice he brought me less than half a glass of pineapple juice later I asked for a glass of water  "Simply fantastic restaurant! I love the atmosphere I give it three stars based on the service not the food. Came in a Friday before the lunch crowd and sat at the bar for a quick bite to eat. Took several minutes for the bartender to breakaway from a conversation with other servers to acknowledge I had sat down. That's pretty much how the meal went - bartender more interested in chatting with other staff or texting on phone. Food was great. Had a simple club sandwich. That was fast to arrive at the table and was cheap. "I've been coming here for years. Great service. Great atmosphere. Across from SouthPark mall. Perfect for a date. Great food. Except to be honest  very bland. I ordered their five cheese penne pasta without meat and it was fair. It tasted like a standard pasta dish from any other restaurant. My friend ordered the veggie burger and was pretty pleased with it. The atmosphere was dark which is nice but the decoration reminded me of eating in an Applebee's. I doubt that I would go here again."  and gave us several updates as to when to expect our food--but we came patient since it's a no-cook holiday for moms!  The worst part of the experience was the family behind us who basically let their toddler stare and pound a blunt object on the back of our booth while blasting Calliou from an iPad.  Not the restaurant's fault "Harper's. Great place. Good food. Knowledgeable staff. Had the Cajun omelet for lunch on Mother's Day Big crowd  sandwiches and salads. The Fish Tacos are particularly tasty! Service has been spotty Convenient for take-out.  They have spots right out front to park for people picking up." Usually there for lunch and the food used to be great.  Quality has went down as the price went up. Not worth going so much anymore.  Made the mistake of accidentally walking thru the kitchen and the manager was using language that was highly inappropriate.  Along with seeing all the cooks in the kitchen plating cooked prepared food and not one of them had on gloves.  That's highly disgusting.  Would never return if it wasn't close and had to bring clients there.  Will strongly be looking for a new lunch meeting spot. "Was there with an international group of colleagues recently.  I was very unimpressed. Humus dip that had far too much cumin in it. Soggy chips with a good steak. A double espresso that smelled and tasted more like the last bit of coffee that had been sitting in the thermos all day (which it probably was). Don't go there  but overly priced in my opinion. We started with the dip duo app. The pimento cheese is very tasty. The guacamole was bland. A little salt could've helped. We shared fish tacos  which turned out to be a very odd cut and not particularly tender.   Server was very pleasant.  As this was my third trip to Harper's and none of the times was there options for lactose free  the excitement slowly disappeared as we waited on someone to come to our table and greet us...and we waited...and we waited. And nothing :(. When we left we told the hostess that no one ever came to greet us and she just shrugged. Unfortunate because we wanted to mix-up brunch! Looks like we will stick with Flying Biscuit! Can't go wrong there." "Went here for the first time tonight. Not too great. Staff was friendly enough but the food left much to be desired. Nothing beyond mediocre. We discussed food tasted re-warmed and more like catered wedding food that had sat out for a bit of time. Presentations on plates looked awkward and haphazard. Amount of food was decent Bottom line: good food if you've got time to kill with nowhere to be."  but the service was horrible and I would not return for that purpose. My search continues."  tonight we ordered two linguini and meatballs to go. Barely ate any of either serving. Tasteless sauce and really quite bad meatballs were a real surprise Average hamburger and chicken tenders. Nothing special and fairly expensive for what it was. Very forgettable." "Amazing Sunday Brunch! Party of six and all were very pleased. Food was amazing! My chicken & waffles were perfect. Decor was kind of upscale The place was bustling. So I'm glad we had a reservation. We were seated immediately--a good sign that reservations are managed well. We would have been in for a long wait without a reservation. My only negative comment is about the noise level. The noisy atmosphere did take away some aspects of the wonderful overall dining experience." We did go one other time and the wife's steak was cold and had to be sent back for warming."  don't reach across me to pour water in my glass if you are able to go to my right. How hard is it to train your servers to follow the basic rules?"  but we never wanted for anything. Overall "I had the chef salad.  They give you a lot of salad and I had my chicken blackened and grilled. My friend order the crab meat with avocado and sent it back because there was only a litttl bit of crab so basically all you got was a to mate slice with a crumb of avocado and crab meat  which was a little disappointing because we went for their bar bites menu. Luckily they worked with us and let us order the sliders and Thai pizza. They went out of their way to make us happy Good was pretty good.  We had the Burger and the Margarita Pizza.  We came in Sunday and you only have access to the Brunch Menu.  Would have liked more options as we were looking for lunch. Personally have had much better and next time in Charlotte not picking Harpers" sometimes has a wait during peak dinning hours so your best to try call ahead seating."  however. Sometimes it's not as good as others.  The prices are decent. The service is usually good."  my husband had a dinner salad with salmon and the kids had kid food ...pizza and maybe grilled cheese.  Everything was exceptional!  The chicken sandwich was cut into 4 which was awesome because the sandwich was quite large and it was tasty! Lightly battered and fried but not at all greasy.  The salad was fresh and delicious too. My husband was thrilled with his salad and the kids were quiet which was an indication that they were happy too! I will definitely be back for more tasty American food that was fresh and made to perfection.  The menu was simple and the desserts sounded good too so next time I will get something smaller to save room for the sweets"  a pleasant experience !!" The food was good but the shrimp and grits are not good. My sister had to send her order back and it took nearly 25 mins to get her new order of chicken and waffles. Now the manger had to come and bring her food and offered us free deserts. That was 40 mins ago! Never again!!  and it is perfect every single time. The staff is exquisite!"  and even greater food!!!  Definitely will be back."  tough parking access. Real chain feel from moment you walk in. Rather just go to Reids & cook at home." All in all I may return in the future although i might check other places first." Your wifi blocked me from accessing the Remington firearms website. Is this your corporate policy or just an issue with your provider? As a staunch supporter of the 2nd amendment I find this troubling and will not return to Harper's until this is resolved. "I grew up around the corner from Rusty's and I've been going here for as long as I can remember. You walk in and they've got a nice selection of canned and bottled beverages - including beer. Then you walk up and order from the guy in the kitchen. I usually get a chicken salad sandwich - so good - but today I tried the black bean burger and it was really good. It had salsa and cheddar cheese on top  but the interior decor is fun and a good place to eat with a couple other friends. The only thing I'd say is that there isn't a whole lot of variety on toppings for a sandwich or burger What an awesome burger!  So long Five Guys. "We eat here on a semi-regular basis and over the years have NEVER been disappointed.  Love the cheesteak sandwiches and the grilled tuna  or to grab a quick take out dinner during the week.  The cheeseburgers compete with any other place in town.  Philly cheese steak is excellent as well.  Staff is friendly and enthusiastic.  Prices are very reasonable.  Only drawback is that we wish it was open on Sundays.  A rarity in Charlotte: a great  but the ""little secret gem of Charlotte"" feel the place has to it."  but why do I have to order twice?  Maybe this is so they can start working on your order and have it ready when you go to pay.  I was lucky to grab a table as I witnessed several parties hovering nearby looking for a place to sit.  If you have more than two people in your party I recommend that after make your first order you send someone to snag  a table while the other goes to pay.  I ordered a cheese steak sandwich and fries.  It took a while to get my food.  You would think they would have started working on it when I first placed my order The food is pretty good - they have a great burger - however my girlfriend found a twist tie in her food so she'll never go back. Great sandwiches too!" The chicken salad is made with turkey.  If they lie about that what else are they lying about.  The food is good and fairly priced.  I also like the salad that they have.  If i am in the area and hungry I would probably visit this place again. My husband and I have been going to Rusty's once a week since we moved to Charlotte last year. The Chili is great... It tastes homemade and a must try!!  I would highly recommend eating at Rusty's!  I would still recommend Rusty's for someone looking for an independently owned deli with a little local flavor."  but wheat bread was ordinary.  Other sandwiches looked decent as well."  had more healthy options and a full bar I would give it 5 stars!" I do not want to eat a cheesesteak with a fork and knife.  I don't like a sandwich with more mayo than meat  fries and some coleslaw. This is not authentic if that is what you are looking for. the cheesesteak was soggy. I got mushrooms which were runny. What was more disappointing was that the chicken was like steakums and it was one layer of chicken on top of a glob of mayo Try the chicken salad sandwich and the cheesecake." Great food....one of the best burgers in Charlotte. Spuds are good and a very generous portion. Will be back!  hole in the wall that serves the same dependable food day in and day out. Thanks  we go all the time. Great burgers and the reuben my wife gets always looks tasty. Tons of (great) fries I love Rusty's and always recommend it to my family and friends if we're looking for a simple place to have a lunch or small dinner.  My dad discovered it several years ago while my mother and I were shopping for my wedding dress and I'm so glad he did!!"  and Malt vinegar. That's amazing." Just tried their black bean burger. Sooooo good! Had the Charlotte Cheesesteak with mushrooms and a side of fries today !!  The cheesesteak was other worldy and the fries where too many to eat !!  I cant wait to go back !! "We have enjoyed Rustys for years. For a fresh The staff is always courteous and definitely likes to take care of their customers.  There is a pac-man machine in the back but if you are not careful Tasty sandwich. I gave 3 stars only because I drove 45 minutes to try their sandwich. The sandwich while tasty did not impress me to worth the long drive. "Best philly cheese steak I have come across in Charlotte. If you want an easy "This place has been around forever and is a great lunch spot.  Their chicken caesar wrap is delicious....I hardly ever get anything else!  Watch out for the long line at prime time on the weekends WkD7OrSIHLzgOQo9wQHu-A  great lunchtime crowd. The reuben was great and they have Dr. Brown's soda which is always a good sign! Will definitely visit again instead of going to a larger chain for lunch!" I eat here pretty often. The meatball sub hits the spot for me and my friend swears by the black bean burger.  but I really have nothing bad to say.  Its a chill little spot that puts out great food at a reasonable price.  Kind of unheard of on park rd."  then slide around the corner for chips and a drink and pay. Then they'll give you a number to put on your table. Outside seating is plentiful in the redesigned center and they'll find you anywhere. Burgers and cheesesteaks are excellent!"  and baby boomers (golden oldies played) the staff is friendly and helpful. Service is fast and efficient. I simply cannot say enough."  pretty good. I think the Reuben is better at Katz's though."  hands down one of the best sandwhiches I've had. Really great atmosphere during lunch as well." "Great little hole-in-the-wall type place. Sandwiches are wonderful My favorite place to eat. I come here 2-3 times a week. Philly cheese steak and burgers It's nice also to support the locally owned business "My boss treated us to lunch here. Not that making a club sandwich is rocket science My food was really good. Nice ratio of meat to bread. I have to make a special comment about the bacon. It was cooked perfectly. thick cut and cooked to crispy but not burnt. Soup was good as well.  Well seasoned and a thick soup as a creamed soup should be. There are definitely other things on this menu that I would like to try. I will say that the 5-10 customers behind me had one of two sandwiches "My coworker suggested that we try this place for lunch. Super yummy!!! My coworkers had cheese burgers and chicken sandwiches. The fries are great!!! They have a good variety of food options (veggie  you can't beat this place. When a restaurant has been around for as long as Rusty's has "The food is super fresh and taste amazing! The staff is very friendly and though the place looks dated Love the food... But Tried their new curbside delivery.. Epic fail. Called 30 minutes before showing up and still waited 10 minutes at the curb for it to come out. And they forgot the condiments we requested.  don't expect to have your food prepared in less than 30 minutes. How long should it take to make a grilled cheese? I won't be returning. As an engineer "Rustys is legit- one of the favorite local places around here to get a burger and fries. Really popular with all the nearby highschool kids from South Meck and for good reason- it's great food at a fair price. Would definitely recommend it to anyone that asked me for a great burger  I always make a Rusty's stop in the itinerary. I have always got the French Dip and never once have I been disappointed. The chili cheese fries are also very tasty. Small little hole in the wall restaurant  BLT and Black Bean Burger. Don't you dare eat the fries without dipping them in their homemade ranch." "I love these people.  Customer service on point. Food perfect every time. Always a very clean environment. Never a bad day. I eat here 2 to 3 times a week. I take my boys here rather than McDonald's at half the price. My family is important to me. So is what food goes in their bodies. My 15 year old attends south mech high school. He see the difference in customer service and quality of food. I want my children to chose better than lesser "This place is always busy. Usually a lot of families. Food is OK but nothing blew me away. The menu is pretty typical American fare (burgers They are officially on the back end of my list of best delis."  it was a real treat. You stand in line to order but the menu is large and easy to see so it's no problem. There are a lot of tasty selections to try and everything seems to be alacarte. No big deal Not at all what a sandwich should be if you call your place a deli."  I was pleasantly surprised. It was dinner time and close to closing so it was bustling. They had no trouble finding me outside (probably because not many people were there). I ordered a burger without the Mayo and it out hot and juicy with a fresh Best place to eat. Best roast beef in the state. Very fresh tasty Thurman's. I have been eating here for over 15 years. Love it. Fresh crisp fries!!!  I would eat here everyday if I could. Good price sandwich is full of meat and lot of fries.  Also awesome fresh cookies WORST LUNCH EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.  A little crowded but took an hour and came out wrong. Archaic (twice) handwritten order system and no managerial oversight. Owners must suck every dime out of the business.  No empathy whatsoever about the situation.  Will never return. Yum!!! I LOVE the Tahitian Maiden's Dream crepes here. They have extra thick bacon (very difficult to get it extra crispy- but it's really good anyway). I've had breakfast and dinner here and it's good any time of day. Long wait on weekend mornings but it's pretty tolerable. They have Creative Loafing nearby to peruse while waiting.  but it is worth it. Please don't let it discourage you. They offer courtesy coffee while you wait  be sure to get there before the church crowd!  Or you're looking at about an hour wait."  bacon and pancakes. The pancakes and bacon were pretty good. The eggs I ordered scrambled and they were too dry for me. Two things stood out to me about the service. I was drinking coffee and the waitress asked if I wanted my coffee topped off with 'decaf' - I wasn't drinking decaf. Also  so you won't have to worry about the smells of cigarette smoke intermingling with the smells and taste of your own food."  expect to wait as long as an hour because the place is just that popular. Weekdays at dinnertime Wonderful place - excellent quality food and kind staff."  friendly service - everything that you can expect from a breakfast shop. Loved it."  especially the omelets.. HUGE!"  the last time we were here we said we would never go back"".  The meals are over priced and just ok in terms of quality. When my husband spoke to the manager "I do not get it.  Why does this place get voted Best Breakfast?!  We had been once before and the pancakes tasted funky and the eggs tasted fishy.  Tried again today and were again sorely disappointed.  After struggling to piece together a breakfast and being told we couldn't do certain things because ""the computer won't let us Always a fantastic breakfast.  Great food and service!  I love this place and make sure it starts my day in the big city of Charlotte. We live close by and is a place that I will continue to frequent." If you are going with the regular's for a mid morning b'fast on a Saturday..plan to wait....a while."  quick breakfast on a late Saturday morning.  I ordered the wheat germ pancakes and they literally brought me 8 pancakes. Crush were delicious.  I was with a party of 6 and everyone was satisfied." This filling lunch was well worth my $8.  The best breakfast restaurant I've been to around the Quail Commons area where I work." Would I go here again? Not if I could test something else."  plus you cannot beat the price.  The food tastes a lot more ""real"" than IHOP and Waffle House and it's just overall a better experience." Expect a wait on the weekends. And expect to be very Really good food. Good service and fairly prompt seating. Had the crepes and the wife had a dutch baby. Both were really tasty. This is our second time here and will definitly come again.  but I really missed my eggs bennie and potato pancakes and have never looked back.  Oh Pancakes and sausage were boss too.  5 Stars until I show up again and they happen to offer less than the aforementioned perfection!  As always with my reviews of fine South of Uptown locations UzMMpUFwJhwUkHOyeXeWsQ  maybe the fact that it's gonna be packed but they do a good job churning the patrons in and out so it doesn't really suck too bad.  Just recently visited with my girlfriend and friends and one person there tried an oven baked pancake and I swear it was the size of a tire and nearly as thick.  I don't know how but he put it all away!  It looked delicious and it was a custom order so if you go and you want some additional ingredients in your pancake Service was super fast and friendly.  The wait was a bit long but it was a Saturday at brunch so I kinda think you will just have to expect to wait if you go at peak times like that.  YUM!!!" Apparently I'll be back for their seasonal pumpkin pancakes... let's guess whose idea that is??"  my fellow Charlotteans!  It'll be worth the wait and kind to your wallets."  but the pumpkin pecan pancakes complete with candle for my birthday celebration were worth it!  My first time to this great place and it didn't disappoint!  I got the pancakes (an order of SIX for $5.99...totally could've shared with someone and brought three home) and the hashbrown potatoes which were both delicious and no syrup needed!  Also at our table we have pigs in a blanket (pancake wrapped sausage links) "BEST PANCAKES IN TOWN. This place is by far my favorite bfast brunch spot. And their pancakes are better than any brunch location out there (NYC included). If you want to avoid the wait But I do have to remember that this is the South...so therefore everything comes in extra large.  I wish I was able eat all of it  however the wait was relatively short about 10 minutes. We started with the fresh squeezed orange juice! It was very fresh and and a large is in a huge glass! A small is all you may need. My companion ordered the Bacon and Egg platter that comes with 3 pancakes. He said that it was all cooked well and the bacon was thick cut and cooked to just the right crispness. I ordered the Chorizo omelet with banana pancakes. The omelet was HUGE! Apparently they make their omelets with 5 eggs! You definitely could share! I took over half of it with me. The omelet was very fresh  and another 20 for it to come. The manager couldn't have cared less. We had to go into the kitchen to get ketchup. No refills on coffee  the existence of an establishment like OPH proves the incestuous relationship that takes place between ""well-established"" restaurants that are merely coasting by based upon past glories and name recognition  almost diner like breakfast...this is my jam.  Tons of variety  he wasn't afraid to pitch in when things were busy.  It helped turn the tables over and get ppl seated faster.  Based on my experience  but it's good enough when you want steak and eggs in the afternoon. Service is excellent and the place is always clean."  and the dining area is always clean.  Portions are generous Prices a bit high for breakfast ($11.95 for the Chorizo omelet with side of potatoes) My family and I have gone to this location several times and the wait has never been too long and the food has always been doggy bag worthy... Everything with this place was totally right I take all of my out of town guests here and they have all fallen in love with this place." oph is so good!  anything on the menu is worth trying and the service is always exceptional.  my Server told me how to get what i wanted as a package deal!  At 11:00 am Friday Breakfast they were Packed!"  but if I were basing my rating solely on the quality of the food then I would give The Original Pancake House a 5-star rating. The food tastes fantastic and it is very reasonable for the price. You definitely should check it out the next time you are looking for a great brunch spot and have some time to kill." This is not in Ballantyne Love this place! Haven't had a bad meal yet!! Really like the fresh strawberry pancakes or the bacon pancakes (sounds weird but really delish). Any of their omelletes are good. Especially the Fresh Vegetarian. I normally get the eggs benedict and one of their specialty coffees they serve in a french press. Be prepared to wait - don't think I've ever waited over twenty minutes. Well worth it in my opinion. This was my first visit to one in NC but I was a big fan in GA. I will be going back. There are few places where you get such great service with such HUGE plates of food. Strawberry waffles are next on my list!" Great service tonight as usual. The menu is the same but the food seems to get better anytime. For little $ you great a grand meal with a side of home made whipped cream. Nice day for some brunch at the ohop. Meat lovers omelet was great.  The waitress kept forgetting things. We asked for extra napkins twice. First she only bought us 2. Well it was 2 people at the table. Then we asked for more an had to ask 2 times. We come here several times a year. This was unusual for the waitress staff. The food was good.  old fashioned oat meal.. There's so much to choose from and I can never settle on just one thing! I ALWAYS end up ordering WAY too much food at the original pancake house. It's all so delicious. I'm a big fan of the plain crepes and the chocolate chip pancakes. I get one of these dishes every time. The oat meal is really tasty Everyone was very satisfied with their food. You get a lot of great food for a great value. When we left there was a thirty minute wait and now I know why. Timing is everything when coming here."  this place is rocking. Expect an hour wait on sunny days." Love this place!  Great food and huge portions. Love to eat here every time we Re in the South park area around breakfast time Great service! You more than enough food for your money and the service is flawless. The only reason it didn't 5 5 is because you have to catch the establishement on it's rare occasion of not being PACKED or else you'll be waiting a bit for a table as it's almost always busting at the seams (on weekends). "Today was my first time eating here. The food was great. I had the strawberry French toast with eggs over medium came out with fresh strawberries and strawberry syrup soo delicious also my eggs were perfect. As for my husband he had the steak and cheese omelet it was so fluffy and filled with shaved steak and veggies I recommend it. The reason for my 4 stars was because our server seemed to have an off day. She was rude and then had the Odasity to be friendly to the table next to is The restaurant is in a busy location but this was not a problem when I arrived. I like the warmness of the restaurant.  I ordered two buckwheat pancakes and two eggs over hard.  Buckwheat is a type of flour that is supposed to be pretty health.  I enjoyed every bit of the meal as it was just enough for my stomach.  Service was fast and courteous so we were able to run in Very yummy :) great with kids.. We spilled a drink and before we could ask for help they had a stack of napkins ;)  the staff are friendly. Restaurant always is busy .their menu  had Blintz a fill time in the year"  awesome food. A great menu. If you want to eat healthy you can eat healthy you want to pig out then go for it." Great place for pancakes - huge portions and a variety that pleases any taste. I am a fan of the crepes. Very busy always so expect a wait unless you get there early.  our server was friendly and efficient. This is definitely a favorite spot for breakfast in Charlotte."  it gets very busy around 1030 12; people are packed outside waiting for a table. Promise you the wait is well worth it!"  but it typically moves pretty quick so don't be discouraged if you see a line if people outside." Really good coffee in a not small mug. Good service and tasty food (I had an apple Belgian waffle with Turkey bacon). I'll be back.  and awesome pancakes!  The wait was surprisingly short given that it was Father's Day.  Staff is very friendly  if you know better send me a message or something." Their bacon is the best in town.  Thick cured and flavorful bacon.  Yum!  The staff is always friendly and the wait time is never as bad as other restaurants." The staff is friendly and efficient. I love a restaurant where the servers actually work hard.  They move quick  loud and definitely worth a visit." The pancakes are really good never overdone or underdone. Good service waitresses are nice and it does not take that long to get your food.  and no one in my family has ever complained." "The very basics of breakfast nothing extraordinary here. My trip would have been fine except I ordered hash-browns and instead got home fries. To make things worse when I asked the waiter about it she wanted to argue with me about wether hash browns and home fries were the same. Instead she could of said ok would you like something else instead. Oh well "Fantastic place to eat. My wife has came here as long as she can remember and we've together been going here for several years. He food is always excellent  the gluten free blueberry pancakes did not agree with me. I wouldn't say I have a serious gluten intolerance This place is very busy from the church crowd on weekends and parking is scarce.  Be prepared to lose your place in line if your entire party isn't there already."  the gentleman who seemed to be the boss that evening was very pleasant.  I will definitely return to OPH." The parking is brutal at the South Park location and I need to do something about it because parking in the morning only gets worse in the afternoon and am I need to do something about the parking situation here I don't recommend trying to being bring multiple cars here just bring one car pack everybody in it because parking is brutal."  no matter the time of day. A favorite place. Caught in the South Park area with no dinner reservations? You'll get in here and have a great meal."  and to try good looking omelets we saw but won't make a special trip across town just for breakfast. Wasn't worth $30 for sure." "As long as I have been coming here I have never been unhappy with the visit. From the long waits to the large crowds I love coming here and I LOVE Original Pancake House has always had really great food. I truly do think this is one of the best places if you just trying to get some good breakfast food without any drama. I have always gone with Family every Sunday for Brunch and it gets packed but the wait is worth every bit. "FUN! FUN! Fun! Great place to take the kids. Be prepared for long wait times on Sunday without a reservation. OPH had a line around the block. Front hostess was friendly. HUGE food portions "NEVER again!!! I brought my three year old here this morning for pancakes. We were seated at a table where she was not able to reach to eat. I asked for a booster and was told they dont have seats that strap to the chairs. I asked if we could please have a booth so that we could use a booster for her to reach the table. The manager came over and said he would have to put our names back at the bottom of the list....as they are clearing off a booth!! Two grown adults were seated there  for our first time.  This place had a 4 star rating.  The reviews and food photos looked pretty darn good so we gave it a try.  It was fantastic!  We ordered the French press coffee and both the apple pancake and the Dutch baby with fruit (both considered their specialty items).  My husband truly enjoyed his apple pancake Other than that not a bad place to grab Breakfast and keep it real people If you crave pancakes as I did last night this is the spot . My banana cakes came w nuts and a side sauce containing small banana chunks & a light lemon flavor. They were wonderful! Very clean & bright. My server was A+. Way too much money for the lack of quality and service -" "Wonderfully surprised the food here is the best my husband and I ever tasted he had blueberry pancakes and I had the big bird salad the chicken salad and the fresh fruit was to die for the service was absolutely wonderful. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to my family and friends we will be back  and swedish crepes. Their strawberries are always fresh and sweet and I can't get enough of their homemade whipped cream. I always get seated quickly Stopped off here after a pickup at the airport. My friend & both enjoyed our food - we had pancakes & egg.  The waitress was a trainee & was very friendly & efficient. "My family have been eating at this location for years! The prices  but they didn't have any almond or soy milk for the coffee--that left a bad taste in my mouth. The potatoes I ordered were EXTREMELY salty and had very little flavor.  Potatoes should be a bit crispy and have at least a creamy and a crunchy texture--these were just a salty overload and way overcooked."  and the service was excellent. I will return. Did I mention that I dislike IHOP? :)"  which all seemed very fresh and flavorful! I order my eggs over easy and they don't always come out that way at other places... props to the kitchen for making me some perfectly cooked eggs! Very filling meal This is a good place to come if you are one of those people who can't figure out what you want. You can literally piecemeal your entire order. Do it. And come early on the weekend or expect a big wait."  don't get me wrong. I just hate it when a place you were comfortable with begins the nickel-n-dime trend."  and food comes out quick also. You would be in and out of there in no time! I will most definitely come back when I'm in Charlotte again."  and now when we visit Charlotte stopping in here never disappoints. The waiters and waitresses are very kind and social  but damn...their bacon is good here.  It tastes great and is never soggy flimsy.  If you are looking to avoid the 90 minute wait at Cheesecake Factory  but the restaurant is very efficient on moving people through. The pancakes were very good. Service was great."  and turkey bacon (crispy). The food came out quick and hot. Surprisingly my turkey bacon was perfect . I will definitely come back to this location." Very nice place for breakfast or lunch. Nice area and nice people. Also good food. No complaints. Where do I even start?! This is my go to place for breakfast in Charlotte. I've even came here for lunch when I worked in South Park. It's the bomb. My favorite is the egg combo with turkey bacon and buckwheat pancakes. Don't forget the strawberry or Apple syrup depends on what mood I'm in. We keep saying we're going to try the apple pancake. But it's so huge. I'm scared lol. Go here! It's my favorite and will be yours too. It's one of those places where you become a regular and don't need a menu to order after a few trips. The food is good but the texting system for seating guests doesn't work.  My family waited over an hour because of the issue and not as much as a sorry. Omelet was great! !! Pancakes and bacon horrible. ..hashbrowns with cheese on point. .. Overall a good breakfast.  I think we would go with the specialty next time - pancakes." "This place has many menu options to choose from.  The food is very good and well cooked.  Pancake specials are alway great.  The prices are good.  Service is good Good food. Long lines. Worth the wait! The pancakes are really good however don't order the apple pancake. It takes 20-25 minutes to cook and it wasn't all that. Please save your time and money. Pet peeve- warm syrup wasn't warm!!! We asked for warm syrup twice and it wasn't warm at all. Who wants to eat hot food with cold syrup?  food was ok. 20 to 25 is what the wait person told everyone that walked in the door while 60 min later they kept say 10 more minutes we rode it out to see how attentive they would be.  The waitress was great but because they put a rush on the food they left it undercooked.  I won't be back the hostess had to keep going to the manager to see where snd how she could seat us." Best breakfast in Charlotte. Reasonably priced & friendly service! I've been here about 20 times now and they never disappoint! Sometimes when a restaurant has a wait... It's because they are that good! This place is amazing. If you go on a Saturday or Sunday morning you'll probably wait a little. It may look crowded but they turn tables like crazy. This place is great for getting Brinner (Breakfast for Dinner). The best part about this place is that the meals are fairly cheap. We get take out from this location at least once a week and its generally $12 for the 2 of us.  but wait can be long in weekend mornings. Recommendations are: junior plate  rude and had to have the last word. When she first came to our table we asked to order and she was obviously thrown off by this. She went to get her notepad "Great stuff there!  Crispy bacon and friendly Fantastic Place and all the food is great although I wish they had Shredded hash browns instead of country potato hash browns.  I usually get the strawberry French toast or the Dutch Baby which is the same as a German Pancake!!  There is usually always a wait but it moves fast and they use the NoWait app so you know right where you are at in line or get in line in advance!! I always see people standing outside waiting for a table so I knew it had to be good. We didn't wait long. Sweet tea was good. I got the crepe. It was my first crepe ever. It was good and flavorful and light and fluffy at the same time. My fiance got the pancakes and he loved them. Service was good and attentive for how busy they were. I would definitely go back again.  coffee and hash browns was over $16. I pay $8 for the same meal at my local diner."  but didn't feel like I was crowded. They do have healthier options of that's what you are looking for." "Food was not bad but their service wasn't all that great. I'm not impressed with the pancakes... Overall We've gone here for dinner (I think they're open until 9pm)  but the fact that I was treated so poorly made an impression that no ""credit"" could make up for. I will never go back to OPH and highly recommend anyone considering a trip there consider other options." "All I can say is ""Oh My God"". The menu...extensive. Food...great. Coffee...fabulous. I had the ""Dutch baby"" which was just great. Tried a little of everyone else's food and all was outstanding.  My waitress  but it didn't take us long to get a table. The service was great. I ordered the patriotic pancakes and my boyfriend got a huge omelet. You definitely get your money's worth."  pumpkin etc.. Their so called ""hash browns"" are home fries- they are just ok. Wish they had shredded hash browns but the pancakes make up for them!" The food here is amazing!!! Love the variety and the quality. The service is also good. When I worked in the area this was my go to spot for a quick brunch or breakfast fix!  turkey bacon and substituted my pancakes for grits.  I didn't take time to really think much past taking a photo and I smashed the whole meal.  The pricing is a bit higher than what I would like and the whole experience just reminds me of an IHOP knockoff.  Maybe they came first but I really don't know.  What I do know is if you are looking to have a quick bite this would be a great place to try.  I mean what have you really got to lose?  For the area that you are in I would say this is a really good spot.  Of course you can grab something a bit more immaculate since this is located in Southpark Charlotte and there's a McDonalds right next door that does all day breakfast although those folded eggs aren't really my thing.  I can't really comment on this places Pancakes because I have never had them.  Another visit is due at a higher traffic time when it's packed to see what things are like then.  Until next time.." "I just don't get the appeal of this place. My mom loves it and if the lines out the door are any indication everyone else loves it as well. Every time I've been here the place has been packed and cramped and the food is nothing to really write home about. I make better breakfast at home. Now that being said "Great food. Clean restaurant. Nice staff. A Manager who works. Bacon was great. I had the Tahitian Dream Crepe and my wife had Bermuda Pancakes. We are going to come back again. Manager was friendly I like Showmars restaurants and this one is no exception. I went in during the busy lunch hour and received very fast service and good food in a clean environment. This location has a drive thru. I recommend the grilled chicken pita for lunch! Pepsi only up in this piece....I miss the days when Showmars served Coke. Super friendly employees as well  friendly service and even though there are several locations it is a local business." This place is definitely going to the top of my YUMMY list!" The interior is a simple design with your standard dining booths and they provide a few televisions throughout for you to catch up on via news stations and the four letter sports network."  everything tastes fresh and delicious.  The prices can't be beat for the quality and the speed of pick-up makes for an easy evening after a long day of work.  I love Showmars!"  need I mention that the price is just as competitive as showmars?"  fast"" and they mean it.  My favorite is the Gyro platter but have had most of the menu and it is all very good and is served very fast.  They have a wide variety of offerings from seafood to burgers to pitas.  They even have a BBQ sandwich. Their fries are the crinkle kind which you don't see very often anymore.  The staff is always friendly and happy.  Please be aware that they are closed on Sundays though."  but I was in the area so we stopped in. The place was clean and the employees were very friendly. Showmars is also a 2nd amendment friendly restaurant which is great! Food came out hot and fresh and I was very happy with our waiter.  I will go back to this location soon."  they include a small drink and a mini M&Ms pack; the shrimp kid's meal is tasty and comes with sauce (cocktail or horseradish I believe)." "I take my grandfather here once a week because he LOVES the food. Not only is the food great Food was served quickly and is okay. Nothing slid off the table..."  but please.....do it a little bit less." Good food great price ! Everybody loves Showmars !!! If you haven't been here you're missing out ! Always has been one of my favorite lunch spots and showmars unfortunately I don't live or work close by this location anymore! But stopped by recently and it is still my favorite the food is always great and the staff is as friendly as ever. Yum great food a very friendly staff a very clean store.  The wait was very short. I got a to go order. It was 7 dollars for gyro and side. Good price. I recommend it. I love their burgers and the fish is great too." Food is always hot and fresh. Love the variety on the menu. I've tried burgers and other things from here without any issues.  low prices! I love to get take out here. Bets Gyro around! I wish they were open on Sunday's." drive out of my way for." Always great food and fast service.  I love this place.  I am there at least once a week. Went with the family.  Very friendly lady at the front counter taking our order.  Other staff was great too.  Had the the Fiery Feta Chicken Pita.....highly recommend....mmmm One final personal note: if you come here and order Bud Light (or some other equivalent) you're wasting space and need to be eradicated." The food is also pretty good.  They have a few german dishes that pair well with the beer options and also a few other typical bar food items.  The drink specials are enough to keep you coming back as well...along with the activities on different nights (trivia tuesday night  and more obscure ones.  Very friendly place and everyone is more than willing to offer suggestions as to which beers to try.  Plus plenty of deal nights and specials to keep you from going broke.  There are also lots of fun gimmicky deal and theme nights which just makes for a fun time if you want to participate." I do give a huge nod to the beer selection and for that one reason I am likely to go back."  you'd be better off sampling their fare than wading into this Applebees of a bar. Great beer selection; decent service; atmosphere feels like they tried to cram the entire British Isles into a space next to Kinkos." Didn't try the food so I can't comment on that." F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA  however it is a great place for people who are willing to try something new and expand their beer horizons.  Be cautious when experimenting because they do carry some very expensive brews.  The service is ussually great and one of the most difficult things to do is to avoid the cook-out drive thru after a fun night of some tasty bevs  salads on top of the regular bar cuisine. My coworkers and I head out there every Tuesday for half-priced lunches and we're usually back on Friday nights to kick off the weekend. The saucer raises the bar on the ""cute girls and beer"" business model and usually attracts a very outgoing   easy-to-socialize with crowd."  6 13) and the bartender was kind of an a-hole.  I think it was because I'm not a ""local"" as he was pretty condescending when I asked about the local beers.  I'll probably go back "It's fairly obvious when you see an endless line of platters on the wall highlighting those who have had 200 or more different beers... the place is popular and its regulars are very much so.  This place is about beer "Five stars for being exactly what it sets out to be: a beer lover's ultimate experience! I am now on a quest to drink 200 different beers from all around the world to get my name on a platter. The burger was good  but I guess thats not what its all about.  Pool tables in back Good place to hit up if you have never been." You can't say you've toured the University area without a stop at The Saucer. Experience that ""certain something"" it has on the competition and let me know what you think!" The strip mall is a dreadful location- but that is to be expected in University Area. The outdoor area is ok."  great bartenders. What more can I say? Perfect for someone wanting to enjoy a beer with good friends. Monday night is the night for great specials but I prefer to go the other nights of the week when The Saucer is a bit quieter. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is has nothing good to say about Charlotte night life best beer selection in Charlotte. Great staff and on Wednesdays you get to keep the pint glass.  come here for the beer and the energy and you'll enjoy every minute!" I only wish I lived closer so I could visit more often..."  so keep that in mind; also around lunch time during the weekend often people bring their babies (They bring a BABY to a BAR!) which is annoying if you like to say the F word or talk about your hot hole." They have free wi fi-you know if you want to take your computer to a bar and get your wi fi on. Even though I wasn't completely sold on their food or service  but not packed and our service was great - even with a waitress in training tagging along!  The beer selection was amazing and they had some great specials ( I was able to partake in a pumpkin beer for the first time for just 4 bucks  :) )   I had an order of nachos and this was the one disappointment of the evening...the sauces they came with were great  they will get to know you and you will be treated like family."  or drool over dopplebock The Flying Saucer has many an option for you  and good service. Most of the waitstaff is knowledgeable about the beer selections they offer  I'm going to discuss with my Beer Goddess which brew is next on my list!"  this is worth checking out if you are serious about beer." The food is pretty good and the atmosphere is great for a group of friends having a few beers.  If you are looking for a great selection of beer We came with a group for a little unofficial Yelp event on trivia night and we won first place...no big deal." "Tuesday night trivia is so much fun here!  You should probably sit the near the front...the sound in the back is not so good.  The winners get a $50 gift certificate to the restaurant.  They can be quite communist about smart phone users  and a huge outdoor patio.  My last visit was a Wednesday night around 6pm.  There wasn't an empty seat in the house but It worked out well for me because I kicked my date's ass in darts!  I've never really had dinner here but I've had the pretzel and it was really yummy!  I would definitely be a regular here if it was closer to my home." As for Trivia - they run a tight ship and it's a blast! The MC is really good and calls out all potential cheaters. Love it! I'll be back again soon when I'm in the University Area." F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA I am still working towards my name being emblazoned on the wall... (75 beers in).  I like the fact that I started my UFO club membership in Raleigh and will probably finish it here in Charlotte." Not really even sure how you can bad mouth the place....its beer heaven If you join the UFO club you receive opportunities for coupons F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA  except for the Sheboygan side-by-side with the hot German potato salad.  It's the closest thing to Wisconsin you can get in Charlotte."  but i'm sure its the same great friendly atmosphere  I don't drink beer.  So that's not a draw for me.  But I do eat food and I have friends who drink beer.  So I came here for dinner and comradery and was pleasantly not severely disappointed.  Most bar food is wretched and disgusting with little selection and bad service.  But here the food was almost decent in quality and quite tasty with a wide selection and above mediocre service.  It's actually OK.  I wouldn't come here just for dinner  & hippy hollow all likewise!  Wish they were in my neck of the woods.  Taco Mac would be out of biz!!" Love the selection and chocolate stout! Great service and knowledgeable staff. Went on a Tuesday had half off lunch. My one complaint?  Too far from home."  I would definately go back. The atmosphere and the extensive draft list are alluring The only thing I would improve is the building itself.  It should be 3x the size and maybe have an upstairs that is like a huge wraparound balcony so you can see and be part of all the action below."  and outstanding service (even on a busy night.)  We only went for a snack and a few beers Love this bar and the idea. Tons of beer and interesting people. The girls that work there really know their beer and usually make excellent recommendations. It can be a bit loud if it's busy so sometimes talking can be a challenge. The backroom is usually better in those situations. They've also renovated the back room so "I always come here after playing a round of Par 3 golf next door.  How can you go wrong with hundreds of beers I. Love. Flying. Saucer. By far my favorite place in Charlotte to grab a beer. It's even better now that smoking is longer allowed inside.  this place can be REALLY loud inside.  Like uncomfortably loud Not a huge fan of the servers in mini skirts but I have a feeling that may be a gender related bias :)" large selection of draft and specials on pricing.  Quality staff. Love it!  Huge beer selection and great bar food.  Raunchy Trivia and warm soft pretzels.  Plus lots of attractive bar maids! "Great place to hangout for a while and catch a game. I always sit at the bar. Lots and lots of beer to choose from and if you have any questions about any of the beer someone will always be there to help you out. Very friendly staff and service is awesome. Food is great! Tasty and not greasy which is a nice change from typical bar food. This place has definitely opened the ""beer door"" for me. I've been trying lots of different beers that I don't think i would ever have done if not for discovering this place!" "Great place and enough beer there to please anyone. You have to join the beer club and try to drink around the world. I am in the process of this now and I am having a lot of fun doing it! The food is ok but when you do go there you MUST get the pretzels the dipping sauce is great. You can either dip it in Cheese sauce or spicy mustard. I tell you  and pint night for $3 on Monday." Great food and great brew! Definitely will be back.  so I go there a lot for their unveiling parties.  It's a nice open environment and they have a great selection of brews.  The giant pretzel is the way to go.  So fluffy and lovely :)" I definitely recommend this place if you are a beer fanatic.  You won't be disappointed." I had the Hummingbird H20 and it was yummy.  I then tried the Snakebite which wasn't as yummy but it wasn't terrible.  Our server was great and really knowledgeable about all of the drinks (the Snakebite wasn't her recommendation for me but I was being adventurous).  Which is quite impressive since there are hundreds to choose from.    Greatest part was that the drinks were cheap.  Only $5 a piece for my tall glasses of brew.  Definitely a great place to chill with good people and kick back a few.  There's also a full menu.  Always best to drink on a full stomach just something I learned over the years :-)" This is the premier establishment to grab a craft or import beer north of Uptown. Can be overrun with UNCC students and other beer fanatics. Sometimes difficult to find a table for large parties. Absolutely love this joint and always stop in for a quick brew if in the area! Cheers!" I'm also (literally) offended that the Flying Saucer charges 99 for their iPhone and Android apps... but that is neither here nor there." "Pretzels are sooo good. Beware the mustard has horseradish and your nose will work WAY Better. Great pizza but Damn  this place is definitely a place to hang out and just conversate (you'll notice a ton of college students during the school year as UNCC is not even 5 minutes away). Hours will fly by especially if you're curious on what type of beer is good and what isn't. The only problem here I find is that it is a little pricey  and start working your plate!" Great place for beer and mingling. The food is fair.  in which they have ""Damn Near All"" for $3.00 a pint.  The girls dress nice (for a guy like myself - Hey! I enjoy the atmosphere).  They usually wear some type of kilted dress and that gives the place some bonus points in my opinion.  The food here is pretty stellar too for a bar joint.  Bratwurst and the girls wear super short plaid skirts (if you're into that sort of thing) :)" The beer selection is amazing...definitely a place to check out if you are a beer person...all types of beer from all around the world...and I can't forget the food is pretty good too!  but get there early as seats tend to fill fast and customers spend all day in their booths." Aswesome beer selection. I love coming here. You won't find a lot of pampas jerks in this bar like other places in the university which make for a pretty nice time for the non-fratty crowd young and older alike. Try the standard Monday night Pint Night or Trivia through out the week. You will not be let down." Pretty good food here and the beer selection is of the chain.  if you want to enjoy a good meal and a good beer plan to do it earlier in the day." "Tons of beer...lost a star for  it was on the table in a minute or two.  Had the Sheboygan Side-by-Side with fries instead of potato salad.  The fries were a little cold  as are the rocket tots.  I am never disappointed when I leave  5.99 on weekdays for a specific sandwich plate each day.  The club is my favorite lunch special."  but very fun :-) Oh and they allow dogs on the patio so we bring ours every once in a while."  this place has tons of it and while I really wanted to take a run for getting my own plate on the wall  the men are always in for the treat of eye candy. They're friendly in here to say the least. Watch for weekly deals such as cheaply priced pints and local brews. Also the food ain't all that bad." Everyone else liked their sandwiches tho so we will probably be back except I for sure wont get that again." Music - one live man guy playing the guitar was cool. Played various music of 90s  and video games. They frequently air DirecTV sports games. There is both indoor and outdoor seating." I like the beer selection and love the Colorado beer connection since I have roots from there. However the food side needs a little work. More pizza selections and sizes wouldn't hurt would they? Appetizers aren't bad in general. Overall it's a decent place to go for a chain joint.  to the point that it's hard to hear any conversation at all.  Not sure how that could be remedied  but a bit on the slower side. We placed our order for food and while I ordered a side salad in place of fries with my burger--- and it didn't arrive that way---it was quickly corrected! We had these Rocket Tots as an appetizer and the jalapeo sour cream they serve them with is perfect!!!  Really enjoyed those spicy tots! :). My burger was great Only thing downside about Flying Saucer is all the tables and booths are very close together. With it being busy last night  but this visit just completely soured me on the place.  They really have nothing here I can't get somewhere I like better." Good food and drinks before going to a concert at the verizon wireless amphitheatre up the street. ~Cheers  that is just pretty lame. Not to mention who doesn't inventory when they initially receive items??"  the beer is cold and the waitresses add to the fun." "Slow service. Horribly under staffed. Waited a while to get my order taken  the wait staff was great. I got to the restaurant about 20 minutes before the rest of my party. The waitress Lauren was more than happy to chat for a couple of minutes while I waited." Best beer selection in the area. Wait staff is so friendly and knowledgeable.  Heck the waitresses know more about beer than I do! That's saying something. The brat con queso  is a an awesome appetizer.  and playing darts. It was great! Service was spot on as well"  atmosphere and of course the beers..."  it's super hard to find.  It's kind of tucked in a corner and you don't see it really until you are right in front of it.  They had a great beer selection and a lot of the beers I had never even heard of.  I liked how they had them grouped on the menu.  The brats I had were good but the service sucked.  It took forever for my cousin and I to get waited on and the waitress didn't seem that friendly.  I'd probably give it another chance because I liked the beer selection." Monday has really good specials for draft beers. And seasonal rotations offer great new selections."  but you can find so many delicious beers. I don't turn it down when someone wants to go. I recommend the bratwurst plate I feel like sometimes the saucer is over rated but maybe that's because sometimes I just want a Miller Lite  friendly service. Good place to go for a relaxing and fun atmosphere Really had fun. The food is great and the staff are really nice and attentive. The selection of beer is just crazy large and staff is fairly knowledgable about the beer and can even make great recommendations.  and it's always clean. Can't get much better than that."  and beer knowledgeable. The food is good but not great. Had the Hippie Burger which was supposed to have a jalapeno pesto. The burger was good but there was no taste of jalapeno at all which is what I was hoping for. The group I was with shared the pretzels (incredible spicy mustard) and the rocket tots. The pretzels were good but the tots were nothing to rave about. The next time I went had the beer and cheese soup and shared a pizza Loved this place...... world's best beer is served here.. service is very good....  but I don't think I've ever had a bad experience. It's a pretty reliable a good time." Great set of Drafts available. Great atmosphere for drinking. Its usually crowded on weekdays and weekends are worst.  4 tables in the whole place.  Very Disappointed after reading the other reviews."  they're some of the best in town." F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA "Awesome waitress.  Awesome concept.  Awesome beer.  Awesome appetizers.  Pretty good food.  Not AMAZING Certainly worth a trip if you're in the area."  when it was not crowded. No offer to comp food and no apology. Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone!" "Not a great selection of beer for a place called a ""Draught Emporium"".  Also the food was less than mediocre and they were out both chicken tenders and pizza when we were there.  There are a lot of much better places to get craft beer and bar food in Charlotte."  I don't think you can find a place that has more beer on tap.  The food has always been good.  I love getting the rocket tots.  Overall the service is good.  If you're a beer person you need to go to this place.  You'll enjoy yourself." Bailey and Erika are amazing! They are so attentive and so personable! They both let us know all of the awesome specials throughout the week. I will definitely keep coming back. And their UFO club is awesome! Gives me a reason to sample all of the beer types and try something new everytime I come. Hands down best bar in Charlotte. Dinged them for a star as the food choices don't have many vegetarian options."  very impressive draught beer selection with lots of excellent local beers. Waitresses were outstanding. Our regular stop to and from Raleigh."  a good stop before a fun show." Throughout October they are doing different decades... so brush up before you go!"  and I really like this one too. The waitress was exceptionally helpful and friendly. I was impressed by the variety of pumpkin beer they had and the crepes were as good as in Austin. This saucer gets extra win points because a guy celebrating his plate party was in a giant bear costume and I got to be a part of that."  nothing to write home about in the food department but they make up for it in the extensive drink selection.  Great group room in the back that is quiet enough to facilitate large groups that can actually hear each other." "Great atmosphere and awesome beer selections. Wait staff was friendly. Food was mediocre unfortunately. The burgers came out well done. Waitress never even asked us how we wanted them cooked. This makes me believe the burger were previously frozen. The German potato salad had a big pool of oil at the bottom of the cup. Yes the German potato salad is made with oil  I had to ask about the particular manager from my last encounter and found out she was no longer with them. Added bonus!" Overall this place is awesome."  I definitely don't recommend their shepherd's pie.  Portion was small Always a great place to hangout with friends! Many of my college memories are associated with this place. Great atmosphere. Great servers(and beautiful as well ).  and this place is like heaven!  Sign up for their UFO club and not only get a tshirt and their incentives  then the flying saucer is the right spot. If you are looking for dinner and drinks You have a better selection to choose from :) great atmosphere."  and for the amazing pretzels. The Flying Saucer has amazing hot soft pretzels! The bar is usually pretty busy "I really like the Flying Saucer... It's something about the eclectic college hang out spot feel that would keep me coming back... That and their enormous beer selection! I only been here twice and the food is spot on.... Their burgers are definitely some of the best that I had in Charlotte... The bacon wrapped jalapeos are great Amazing selection of beer. Little pricey Great selection of beer and never a letdown. Any time that I have gotten food here it is pretty standard bar food - burger and fries kind of stuff. My favorite is the pretzel appetizer! So for me Ive been here on several occasions and overall its safe to say that ive had a great experience everytime.  The staff is attentive and is always readily available to refill your glass. They have an amazing beer selection that could suit to pretty much anyones taste. I havent explored the food menu to deeply but the pretzels are great as well as the cheese fries. Ill definitely be back. Our experience here has always been great!! Most of the wait staff is exceptional but Ashleigh Parella is the stuff!! We won't sit anywhere else but for her to take care of us!! Also Chris is an awesome manager!! Love all around!! Beers are off the chain and food is above bar food standards "They have tons and tons of beer options available and revolving specials.  Once you hit a certain amount of beers you get a plate with your name added to the wall or ceiling.  I am not quite sure as to how many it takes but it will take quite a few trips.  Their soft pretzels and cheese are awesome!  The pretzels are tender i've had this several. the staff seems to be a bit distracted most of the time which makes it hard to get an order in but the beer is endless and good and the girls are smokin hot. Pet friendly outside. The food isnt so bad. Also cool promos and glasses.  very good. Good times with great folks." Great beer selection and the staff is very friendly! I had the pretzel and it was fresh and so tasty. I'll definitely be back to try some of their other food selections and beers. 07 09. Trying it again...hot beer and an 86.5 food score I'll pass on the food and next time on flying saucer as well. It's a shame I have to leave a whole star" Room is like an old pub with the exception of the several hundred Saucers on the Walls and Ceiling from those who have come before and have been sucessful"  excellent beers and great food. The only thing I don't like here is the waiters are always changing and most of them can't do their job properly because they are either new or maybe it's because they don't write down their orders. Service is awful here. But it's still the best burger in town." I'm not a beer drinker which might be horrifying to some that I even go here... But I'm addicted to the pretzels and for the first time the other night I tried actual food -Hippie burger was surprisingly delicious! Had no idea it wasn't a meat patty it's so flavorful and filling! (Newly vegetarian going on 3months and have had a lot of disappointing vegetarian and vegan options elsewhere) this burger was a pleasant surprise "Tremendous selection of beers.  Fun atmosphere. Had the double brats with german potato salad.  The brats were excellent and the potato salad was the best I've ever had "Their beer selection is amazing...Waitresses are not always so great! Paige is really good through! She is super fast and never leaves you with an empty cup! Overall it is an amazing little place. I have never seen so many options for draft beers! If you go try the Rocket Tots We have been coming here for several years and have never been disappointed with the food or service. Lauren's Goat Cheese salad is perfection. I hope to explore more of their local beer selections as they seemed to rep quite a few NC brews."  which I guess they want.  They have many beer selections.  The soft pretzels are pretty good.  I would definitely go back for a casual night out. The service has always been decent.  Nothing special or different about it."  and this place has wonderful selections!!! Don't forget to wash that tasty beverage down with some bratwursts and pretzels!!!"  ect.  The atmosphere is awesome and you will not be disappointed.  They try and have different events at least once a month which is nice if you are a regular it keeps things interesting.  The staff is very kind and always knows exactly what my wife wants to eat and drink.  The one thing I am disappointed in is their ""health score"" and I hope they bring it up." They also hold events there throughout the year celebrating numerous things  but the manager took our beers off the bill!  We are hoping a location will open up in Greensboro!"  you are greeted by plates all on the ceiling. These are no ordinary plates! These plates hold the names of all that have accomplished tasting just about every beer that has been on tap (they say 200 is when you get you saucer on the ceiling). They have craft beers that are to die for.....rare beers you won't find at very many places. I'll be back tomorrow for the 3.50 pints. Looking forward to it. I may have to get my membership so I can eventually get myself a saucer on the ceiling......CHEERS!" We will not visit this location again."  but if the pretzels are the same as in Raleigh.. They are life changing with the queso and mustard! The mustard is spicy and a game changer." First time I used the app to find somewhere near that was good since we didn't know the area!"  I suggest you land and perform some maintenance before taking off on another flight." My boyfriend and I stopped by to kill some time when we were driving from DE to SC. The draft list was impressive - I was very much a fan. Great place to grab a quick drink if you want to try something different! Great place to go if you like beer. The food is really good too especially the stuffed jalapeos. The waitress was extremely nice and offered free tasting of any of the beers we were interested in. "I enjoy both locations in Raleigh and Charlotte but I will agree with the others that the Raleigh one has the better vibe. I like the dark mood lighting in the Charlotte location but the TVs are set too high so you have to crane your neck to see them if you sit at the bar. Nice selection though  sometimes the less said the better it is"  although we might choose to sit outside if the weather permits." If you want to skip the chain restaurants and don't mind girls in short skirts check it out." Not bad for a few drinks and some OK food. Service wasnt bad though. 3 stars just because the burger I had was average.  very blah. I guess it's there for when you've drank too many beers. Great selection and menu though. Wouldn't be my first choice as a place for dinner Great place for beer lovers the best selection I have seen.  The plate for 200 beers cool concept. The staff is nice and know their beers.  Good service and fair prices.  The food is only ok. The ambience is fun. Overall  a great place to drink. This place is awesome!! There's one in Raleigh too. Dog friendly outside with lots of craft beers to choose from. Loaded rocket tots are yummy!!!  I do not believe you can find a location that's more beer on tap. The food has always been great. I adore getting the rocket tots. Overall the service is great. If you are a beer man you should go to this area. You will love yourself."  and are more than happy to give you a sample pouring if you ask them. The food is good. There's some solid appetizer options like the large pretzels or the bacon wrapped jalapeos; it is a little pricey though. For the most part  and this place always leaves me quenched and drunk which is what I love. Sunday and Monday nights are hopping because of the $3.50 pint specials. The wait staff is friendly and the bar tenders are extremely nice. Many people who go here have a plate on the ceiling. The taps change daily and very fast which keeps things exciting every time I come back here. I would bring my own 65 year old father here who hasn't drank since his wedding day to drink wonderfully crafted draft beer here. WWCKD ? Also I love this place and it might love me back." Great food and atmosphere. The service we received was excellent and the food was very tasty. The Flying Saucer's beer selection is out of this world. How they also have such good food is completely alien to me. But don't have too many IPA's and nachos or Uranus will go supernova and turn into an all-enveloping black hole.  I have been a fan of Flying Saucer for awhile. This is the first time we have been at this location and it was a perfect stop in our travels. We sat at the bar and the bartender was extremely friendly. Of course their beer list is extensive and has something for just about any beer lover. I like that they categorize their beers by styles. I hate searching and searching for a beer to try in an unorganized list. I ended up getting a sour and it was the perfect treat for the summertime heat! The bartender was also very gracious in allowing us to taste several beers we had never heard of and we chatted a bit about our favorites. My husband got the bahn mi for dinner and he said the pork was very dry "Stopped in before a show at PNC Music Pavilion for an indoor tailgate. Beer selection is outstanding - some craft beer joints go for quality and not quantity. Others focus a little too much on local brews. This place has the perfect combo of both. Well thought variety from around the world. And who would have thought the food was good Price was right too. I will go back :-)" Perfect greasy spoon!! Great breakfast and great grilled cheese!!  Service is excellent!! 0sbPpUIyTpcx90bLRsVx0w  servers are very attentive and run around like chickens with their heads cut off they are so busy usually. this is a strange little spot but so good. everything i have had from burgers to seafood was a yummy delight. one of these mornings when im not working im going to go over there and have some breakfast!! :) ive heard great things! my only peeve about the restaurant is that they dont have a to go menu..." Greasy spoon joint.  Great neighborhood place serving breakfast and lunch.  Love their breakfast.  Seating is limited so expect to wait to be seated on a weekend because the locals flock to this place since its the only place nearby serving a good breakfast other than fast food. Waitresses are really nice and will make you feel at home. Great food and prices. The people are really nice.  Try the greek omelet. "i am changing my review completely. this place is way too busy and im sure breaking fire codes by having way too many people in there. the cashier has the worst attitude ever and needs to be re-evaluated by her boss. horrible customer service  great people.  We love this place!" "Great place to grab some quick and delicious breakfast in the morning. But it's always pretty full and you normally will have a wait ahead of you The best breakfast in the area with a wonderful staff that knows you by name after one or two visits.  The prices are extremely reasonable.  We usually have the shuffletown special and the liver mush is fried very crispy! Love this place and take guests and out of towners here for one of the best breakfast places in Charlotte. I truly do love this place wonderful staff and amazing food. I always had great customer service from the staff and always a friendly face. This is a great place to go get awesome food and the owners r the best!!! U will not be disappointed if u go here for breakfast and or lunch!! "Shits poppin. Would give five stars but lids on to-go cups are a little iffy. Also damn how many characters do I need to type for this to be a review "Would give it a 5 but one time I ordered out and they shorted me a sausage patty!! I love their sausage. I prefer their French toast over pancakes but the problem is they don't have a French toast breakfast with eggs and meat. It's all a la carte. I ordered eggs Them grits tho lol seriously the ultimate breakfast spot period !!! I'm about to go there now !!! Cant wait to try their lunch." "Great ""hometown"" atmosphere.  Service was super friendly.  Food is simple and delicious.  Their breakfast menu is all very good." I like the vegetarian options but understand that we are all not the same. My lady friend loves the breakfast and other meats. We have never had a bad experience here." This is now our once a week go to breakfast spot!" Very busy but fast diner. Fun and friendly staff! Great diner food! Will be back for more. Highly recommended.  if not then maybe we don't come back and go to Dicks Caf in Newton and become regulars there because there the servers give EVERYONE the same great Came in after rugby match and it met every expectation! Fast friendly and delicious! Two thumbs up Stumbled across this gem!!! I was starving and CRAVING  a last minute breakfast! Great food and service! Will definitely be back! "Epitome of ""hole in the wall"" type diner with friendly southern staff. Ignore the unsightly atmosphere and enjoy hot coffee and a decent filling breakfast. Prices are cheap and the portions are plentiful. The food isn't grandma's cooking but the effort is worth it." Owned by the Original South 21 Drive-In on Independence Blvd  and the long lineage and history of South 21 gives you the bang for your buck for a fast and tasty meal."  the other with onion rings.  The burgers where BURNT to a crisp.  All the favor of the meat was gone. On a good note the onion rings where great.   Please don't burn the burgers."  it's still a wonderful piece of Charlotte memorabilia." Visiting friends in NC and we stopped here for breakfast. At first our order was take out but then we decided to eat in. They got out order wrong but was friendly in fixing the error. The food was okay for the items that we got. "Always enjoy the burgers and that's about where I call it quits. If you enjoy really good fried chicken  and people are friendly. I couldn't really ask for much more." I love their burgers and fries. They have Sundrop on the fountain and that is always a plus. Great little spot out in middle of nowhere. Give it a shot. Simple food. Simply prepared. Clean and friendly.  everything on the menu is great! Chicken & trout plates are not to be missed. I could eat here everyday!"  whatever....all is good-  and multiple types of potatoes...nice touch.  Service is wonderful and lots of seats....so unlikely to have to wait"  I will probably never come here again. But you never know since my coworkers love to go to places like this for a ""plate lunch""."  I am always filled up(and I eat a lot). Great country style family cooking. They serve all the classics(fried squash Best breakfast in the area. Good food. Good service. Very clean. Reasonable prices.  Can't beat that combination. Will be my breakfast goto place. When you want good old fashioned service and a hot country breakfast this is a sure hit." "This place is outstanding and worth finding!  ""Kendra"" was a great waitress and full of personality and beauty.  Will return when I am back in Charlotte. Had breakfast special"  home fries and a biscuit.  I got lots and lots of perfectly crispy bacon!!!!  The home fries were excellent and crisp.  The biscuit was large and soft....great great great.  I will definitely be back!!" "Love the food and the atmosphere. I eat here a few days out the week.  The staff are exciting and entertaining and always make you feel like a valued customer. Im a huge fan of the breakfast meals. They are portioned just right for hard working men and women who may need the extra love. You also have to try the Big Burger with bacon if you a fan of big juicy burgers. The menu offers an impressive list of foods to fit your needs and mood. Very spacious eating area and can accommodate your entire family. If you are in the city... better yet the state of North Carolina Went to the stockyard for the first time based on yelpers reviews andddd drumrolll please. They weren't lying . Fantastic waitresses . fantastic breakfast . had a scramble. Was nice n filling. Tasted the grits of my co diner and was just the way i like creamy goodness. Also tasted the kid Mickey mouse pancake. Excellent. We left after my 2 yr old finished hugging the pretty blonde waitress. Who was fantastic with him .made him a juice cup too. Wow. "The breakfast was very good and the portions were very large. The prices are even better. The reason why this place got only three stars was because I wasn't a huge fan of their service. We waited a while before we received menus and the place wasn't even busy yet. Decor was nothing special there's counter seating "New to town and thought about giving this restaurant a go.  Great experience Our new favorite breakfast lunch place to go. Had breakfast and lunch there.  The Reuben sandwich was delicious.  Service and price was great. The food was great and our waitress was funny and accommodating. New to Charlotte and was trying to find nice breakfast spots. I did.  Amber did a great job on service and getting my family's needs taken cared of. The food is excellent and the atmosphere is nice and pleasant. The value of the food compared to the price is good. No complaints from this family. We will become regulars here when we visit our kids." Very friendly. An older facility but kept clean. Heads up:  they do not serve breakfast after 11 during the week.  but not likely to become a fan mostly because they are out of my way.  I also think the grill needed a fresh scrub on which my sausage was cooked The wait staff is always courteous and prompt. The prices on the menu are acceptable to the food you receive. The quality of food is excellent and cook very well. I have eaten here several times and have never had a bad meal or dining experience. Wish they were open past 3pm. One of the best breakfast you can get in the area as well.  not really a place to take the family. Give it a try though."  and right by the house...." The service is always great too!"  friendly and talkative." Great place for a good meal and internet without spending too much money. :-)" Friendly staff n good food! "Stopped in around midnight on a Saturday night after the Carolina Rebellion show. Our waitress was kind of short with us but she was polite. I just think she was in a hurry due to the number of tables she had. That aside The little bubble in my head said what does she mean by that response.  I figured the cook forget the blueberries at last minute .  Did not look like the menu pic.  Can't  believe that they serve us that. Oh I didnt want to give them one star but didnt have a choice. Not good service at all went in on a saturday morning around 10 a.m got seated they didnt take our drink order just sat us with the menu. waited about 20 mins saw the waitress a couple of times never made eye contact with us then finally after 30 min of no drinks or any contact we got up and left manager was no where to be found.  and all my food was made with love to perfection."  and the bacon and sausage links were soggy. The toast and hash browns were the only items cooked correctly. My wife's omelette was filled with unmelted cheese I'm never coming back to a Denny's. If I could give zero stars then I would."  comparable to IHOP...will visit again if in the area I gave 1 star only because the software requires it.  Denny's owes me money and an apology." So amazing and nice employees. Great food like great. It's weird that it's this good but I come here once a week and it is godly  then went and washed them off and served them again. Service was mediocre (being kind) which she did try to make up for with a free dessert. Glad I won't be coming to this location anymore." My advice? Order to-go." "Impossible to believe the changes in the quality of the food and service we had. I don't know if they have new management or we happened to hit the right night with the right cook Kids still eat free on Tuesday so that is always nice. And they have a wide variety for the kid's menu. Even if it is not free "First time here. Not impressed. The place isn't even halfway full but it still took while a to get our food. Our waiter was rushing and not actively listening. For example: I asked for butter for my sons pancakes and a saucer to put the extra food on seeing as his plate was over flowing. He brought back the butter only. I then reminded him of the saucer and he returned with a bowl. I said sir  their milkshake smoothie machine wasn't working correctly and instead of telling us it took the guy till our food was on the table to bring our kids their shakes and they looked awful!  The manager sits at the counter and watches while the servers run around trying to handle the customers without the tools necessary to do their jobs. I know that it's Dennys and I shouldn't expect much but there is something to be said for friendliness. The food was good though  so it's a nice spot to go later in the evening for a chill night.  With all of the TVs and sports paraphernalia it  seems like it'd be a great spot to watch a game  and it is sort of a family hangout during the day.  It is a nice place to take your kids to after a soccer game (if you have the dough).  At night it turns into a somewhat younger crowd  sized just right with something for everyone.  I typically go for their burgers which are delish."  but I don't yearn to go there every week." Good beer selection. Service sucks. Nice atmosphere in the bar area.  I haven't really done sit down service in the restaurant part.  Nice place to have a beer and watch a game.  Decent food.  Usually mostly men in there.  Have outdoor seating also.  One of my favorite places. I definitely recommend the Chicken Salad Plate....  good portioned salad and seasoned chicken salad also comes with a side fruit plate that was good."  but most sport bars have that trend.  When I don't want to make the trip down to the Philosopher's stone I am forced to come here.  I've seen worse  2011"". My friend's beer had a due date of November 8. I returned my beer and ordered a draft. The waiter did discount my order  they also have live music on occasion.  The overall atmosphere is comfy and laid back but I think a little nicer than many sports bars." Have been here a few times and its always good . Reasonable prices and good service ."  and a baked potato.  The break gets a little soggy so you may have to ""Fork n Knife"" it but its only because the chicken is very juicy!  The baked potato is delicious and comes with a salted skin which goes great with a side of sour cream.  Beer Alcohol can get pricey here if its not on special r-pBY6vR_Iu5XhPRvPnquw Friendly service but forgetful. Overall good experience."  nice tv's to see sports."  I've gone there the past 2 years on Mother's day.  There is something for everyone Excellent service and the food was slightly above average for this type of restaurant.  As it is close to home  then placed on the grill AFTER being tossed in whatever sauce you want...all in order to give a delicious char on each wing.  I usually get the Tavern Chips to go with them.  Awesome!" Stopped here after dinner for desert. Had the brownie sundae. Brownie was warm and chocolate sauce was sweet but not syrupy. Waitress was courteous and efficient. The continued mistake has prevented me from calling these guys for the past couple of weeks but tonight I really wanted one of those salads and decided to give it a shot.  Friday night  probably in a microwave.  The server was nice and friendly but would not come around all that often.  I use to be a server.  She could have turned our table very fast.  Any parent with little ones would want and expect that.  My husband did not care for his meal either.  He got buffalo tacos and the tortilla's were not even warm."  hot and delicious.  It was only two of us but they gave us a booth for ten...Tiffany was awesome and very accommodating.  Great place to sit and talk with an old friend.." "So bad compelled me to download yelp app and write review. Went for lunch with family (wife and 3 young boys). We've learned to not be picky as our crew can be a little rambunctious. First off in an empty restaurant we were seated directly next to the kitchen in out door. Next the waitress spilled water on my wife and table. Then when asked what the specials were I was told ""um It's a hit or miss here depending upon what stuck up college kid you get serving you. Had lunch here. Quesadilla for me and a burger for my husband. Waitress Danyelle was very friendly.  Food was good. We would definitely stop here again.  and food.  My favorite place to take my family!" All Hickory Taverns are awesome!  We love the food. Everything is so good. Can't go wrong with anything you order and the beer selection is awesome." "Always a good go to restaurant when you don't know exactly what you want. Great beers on tap and good bar food Nice atmosphere. Thurs night oyster and shrimp specials were delicious. Best hamburger my husband ever had.  when it would have been very easy to put 3 tables for 4 together that had been empty the whole time.  There were waitresses everywhere Good food and good service!!! Can't ask for much more!'  It's a great place to go when you don't know what you're in the mood for.  Chicken wings are amazing and so is the Colorado Chicken!!! I am from MI and will come here while visiting my brother to watch football and hockey" I will say one thing. This is a bar so stick with bar foods!"  hopefully dinner service is just as good." Ps - hiring high school aged girls as ""hostesses"" is almost creepy. Then again - the place IS creepy."  constantly hover all over the place. It's creepy. Heaven forbid you ask them to change a TV to an ACC team during March Madness. You will get an excuse like ""there's a guy here who wants to watch golf or ESPN commentary  made our experience that much better. Will definitely be back."  tasty food. Friendly wait staff and hostesses. Definitely recommend."  with our server walking by just enough to make sure we didn't need anything."  and macaroni and cheese. The fish was ok but the mac and cheese was warm on top and cold in the center. The chicken & rice soup was pretty bland. A friend of mine had a Philly cheesesteak that used GROUND BEEF. This place may be a great venue for watching sports and drinking beer  balls are shiny and nick free.  Plenty of TVs to keep up with NFL Sunday games.  Food is a bit over priced and nothing to write home about.  Service is good  a great hangout place.. especially when everything else closes at 9." PS their chicken fingers were really tender and juicy tho.... O_O"  but it's a nice spot to watch a special sports event or share a few drinks as there isn't a plethora of bar options in the Ballantyne area. I'm giving it 3 stars because I wasn't wowed or found myself clamoring to come back." "Take the kids in the day for free pool. The waitstaff is always friendly and attentive.  The food is pricey for bar food "Fun place to hangout Sunday night. Pool Bailey's is a great place to hangout and play some pool and have some great pub food.  beer and food. Nice combo!" This is a sorority ran facility. I was uncomfortable the majority of the time I was there. Lots of pool tables is nice. The clientele is all male and I'm not surprised with the staff they have. I will not go back to this Baileys Fox and the Hound. "After playing the ""I don't know what I want for dinner what do you want"" game with my friends we decided to visit Bailey's Sports Grille. We were excited that we could get some good food and play some pool "I usually hit this place on Mondays for their lunch special.  The burger and fries are some of the best I've ever had but the wait is what kills it.  I've never been in there and gotten my food in less than 45 minutes  but this is just the worst ever." If your young and live in the Ballantyne Pineville area this is a great spot! I reccomend Sunday Funday (a collaboration of karaoke beer pong pool darts and great drink specials).  The staff is why I come back! (Jillian Melissa Lindsay  Colleen and many more) The staff is friendly and personable.  It's honestly the Cheers bar of Charlotte. Super laid back and safe! "Absolutely the worst bar I've been to . After about 5 drinks I realized they purposely made their drinks extremely weak. I spent so much money and barely got tipsy. I told the bartender I was disappointed with my drinks and she literally screamed at me as I walked out of the door ( I still left her a good tip!) I will never ever go there again. Trashy I like the good experiences I have had at Baileys.  If they could fix and maintain the restroom and improve wait staff service they'd have a consistent 4 Star place on their hands."  I just wasn't in the mood. As I was leaving the staff was kind enough to insult me with saying what kind of a person was I that I couldn't afford the membership. Well with attitude like that I won't ever consider spending my money here again. If the owners let the staff get away with this level of service then I suspect everything else is being neglected. I suggest you visit another bar before considering this place. There's plenty other spots with a lot friendlier staff in Charlotte." Will not be returning."  I saw the manager on my way back to the front of the restaurant. I stopped and asked her if she was the manager. She was in the process of asking the cook to make her food stating. ""You know I'm a good person ill pay you back."" Also at this point the employee who had left is now standing there and so is the bartender. I asked to speak with her and ask her if this was normal practice for your bartender to say to a guest who has never been to the establishment before (or even someone that knew the employee) has to pay for an employees drink who walked out on there tab. After I said that I had never visited the establishment before the bartender who is standing to the side says ""YES YOU HAVE"" and I again told her that I had not at which point she has thrown her arms in the air and storms away. At that same time the cook who the manager was just bribing sticks his head out of a service window and says (he also sounded intoxicated) ""I've heard him being very disrespectful the entire time"". Now don't get me wrong I was not very pleased that we were forced to stay there while the bartender withheld my friends credit card There's plenty of tv's if you're there for a sporting event and pool tables and dart boards in the back. They've got plenty of parking and daily drink specials so if all that sounds good to you then this is definitely the place to be!" "WEAK drinks. Emphasis on the ""WEAK."" And rude staff. Will not return. Their bitchy bartenders even yelled at my friend as we were walking out because he had told them the drinks were weak. Really? No class at this place." Our waitress was working with our table and lots of separate tabs but when she would bring someone a drink she wouldn't think to ask if anyone needed anything. She did a great job other than that because we sat at a table  Bailey's recently underwent a change of management due to the former one getting transferred. Things sure went downhill after that! They are simply trying WAY too hard to lure in customers now. DJs  but the entire 3 hours I was there no one came in to fix it. On occasions separate from that incident it was still pretty grody." "Always a fun time! Fox show every game Tuesday's and Wednesday are good along with Friday. Pub food at its best. Drink specials every day. If your in Pineville well yu should make it your stop on the way home."  amazing drinks and u can't go wrong with free pool if you spend $15 or more. Service was attentive will come back in the future." "Bailey's is now Fox and Hound. Don't expect much of a change. The bathrooms are still disgusting. The interior was updated and looks a little cleaner but it's nothing special. The drinks are so weak it's appalling.  Here's why I am really unimpressed... came here on a Friday night for a friend's birthday.  Arrived slightly before 10pm. It wasn't overly crowded Best place in Pineville. Great food drinks with daily specials. The bartenders and servers are the best. Luv it here. "This is now a fox and hound but really just a name change everything else is the same. It was empty in there but service was still a little slow. I got the naked tenders and a side salad. My girlfriend got a burger and fries. After a lengthy wait our food came out and mine was all wrong. The gave me fried tenders and fries oops! I said no fries and naked tenders means grilled. Back they go and after another lengthy wait I get the tenders with more fries no biggie. My side salad had a half frozen tomato and the Italian dressing looked like a giant snot ball(yummy) the tenders were ok and the buffalo sauce tasted great but very spicy. My girlfriend said the burger was just ok and the Parmesan fries not very good. When getting the check of course it was wrong luckily I have multiple methods of payment but this server just lacked tact or sensitivity." Nice family place with a 50's deco." Fake 50's decor and kitsch - primary reasons for visiting here.  Need more really GOOD casual (not fast food) eateries near the Arboretum." This place reminded me of the neighborhood diners of old.They serve breakfast and burgers and other diner fare.While the food was pretty good the service left a little to be desired did not have the excessive wait as other posters{thank goodness)but was disappointed with the friendliness of the server in general.If your planning on grabbing lunch have patience because they have pretty heavy lunch traffic. "The food is actually fairly mediocre.  But with an endless supply of buy one get one coupons they distribute  but I think these places are kind of lame.  My parents used to take me up here when I was younger.  They put my fries in these old classic car trays and would post them up in my room.  I went here for a nostalgic feeling It's not an earth-shatteringly wonderful dining experience I've taken out-of-town friends and family to Good Ol' Days for someplace different after I've already taken them to my favorite breakfast place (Pewter Rose) the day before.  You can't go wrong with a 50s diner; there's something for everyone.  And this one usually offers great K6xsXWh-tvezc6T2zJkKNw  but still...  I can't help but keep thinking...  if the chips and salsa is bad...  what else is bad?" I had a beer and called it a day. There's not really anything memorable about this place to me SgjcjIxsAlVkcrtLaLxtTg "I had a enjoyable dinner ... Friendly staff Staff was friendly and efficient Nick our server was very kind to us! Great service! Fun funny guy! Engaged my entire family! The girls that brought our food out was awesome as well!  looked out of date. Need some TLC and would be bump into the 5 star."  and I love the pay at your table feature. Most places you can never get your servers attention when ready to go The new tablet on your table system is pretty cool. You can order a round of drinks right from your table without having to wait for your server to come back. They have tons of free games to play with your friends or keep the kiddos entertained. AND  you can pay your bill right at the table. You can even split it however many ways you want to right at the table. It's pretty awesome."  I do find Chili's to have good food for great price. $25 to feed 4 people is a good deal!" Just ate at Chili's and had a great experience. Was seated immediately and promptly and professionally served by Danielle. She recommended the lunch combo. I had a fresh house salad and delicious turkey club. The fries were old and stale tasting though. Good place for lunch The service is always so when I go . I think the servers need to focus more on their guest during lunch hours versus going to the back kitchen Really really delicious food burger was cooked medium rare first time I've had a burger directly cooked in a very long time drinks were good service is very nice very friendly Keep up the good work guys!! I always tell the manager how well everything always is. I think the compliments keep up the outstanding service." Horrible horrible experience... The managers don't care the server don't care . I got and appatiz and sides and they just charged me left and right for it. Like at the bottom it says it you get a side by it self it $1.99 and then they charged me extra $1 for substitution but I didn't substitute anything . they wouldn't budje for it I will not be back  2 Presidential martinis and than finished it off with the white chocolate molten cake. Waited so long our hunger was just striding away my g f took her ribs Togo and I ate most of my bacon burger but just felt exhausted from all the waiting we had to do. Server was very friendly tho once she got to our table. When it comes to the food it was edible but Chilli's is Chilli's I mean who hasn't been to Chilli's!!!!" Good food and service but the restaurant was very dirty. There were dirty plates and cups everywhere. The bathroom was disgusting and the whole place just felt like it needed a deep clean. They need some more busboys and that bathroom should be cleaned regularly. Very gross.  soggy and fell off when I tried to eat. Our waiter was really nice but for 10 dollars the plate of food I got was ridiculous and the only thing I ended up eating was corn on the cob and some fries. Don't get the chicken crispers (my friend had a really good salad though)"   we normally check and give the benefit of doubt if it is at least an A but if it's that low then the people working making your food don't really care enough to ensure your well being.  McDonald's has a better sanitation grade...  Now that's saying something!" Best chilis I've ever been too the service is great loved my waitress Ashleigh she's the bomb .com I've debated on if I should post this review. But from looking at other recent reviews things haven't gotten any better. Shame on upper management."  and our entire experience there consumed over 100 minutes.  Suggest going elsewhere unless you have plenty of time to waste.  Half rack of ribs special was pretty good  it was very casual and familiar.  The food was actually better that I expected.  They had a create your own burger thing which I really enjoyed. The service was good.  The waitress was friendly and took good care of us.  Overall it was good  it can be a blast.  They have enough space to accommodate large crowds and college kids aren't as picky as a thirtysomething like myself.  I know I wasn't!"  and ping pong out front when weather permits." I'd suggest heading across the parking lot to Flying Saucer." "I disagree 100% with Devin.  The saucer is much more chill and seems to be less crowded.  More of a college meat market crowd  and the bouncers are just generally bitchy. Swimming in a sea of college kids is not my favorite recreation  there is sufficient seating away from the bar for non-barflies who want to have a conversation.  I would even wager that the new non-smoking laws have made these sports bars downright pleasant!  Oh yeah  Flying Saucer is right around the corner and MUCH better. Go there instead. Seriously." RfoHE-ChOZ3kohOS7goUpw I believe this location has closed and should be removed as a listing We decided come here since it was next to the mall. The place was not even that busy. The food was okay. But the service was bad. We sat there for about 20 mins until our waitress came by our table. After taking our orders she came back with the drinks. By the time we got the food the order was wrong and the waitress was no where to be found. When we ask someone if they can find our waitress another 15 minutes went by. At that time my aunt decided she's going to eat it anyways since it took forever. Then we over heard the table next to us asked her about their food. She told them she forgot to put in their order. Next time we are going else where.  the only reason someone would stop here is the expectation of name recognition.  Sorry This place is horrible and has crappy service. They try and get over on large groups with a service charge that is 2x higher than the normal 18% tip for 8 or more guests.... Great place for dinner or just a quick mid day meal. Service is great and timely.  I expected at least average ratings which the food part didn't induce." The hostess and waiter were pretty friendly as they didn't seem all that busy for lunch.  It did feel like it took a while for the food to come out "Food is great I can't say much for the service and the hostess who upon arriving welcomed us with a ""what!""" Good food. Good service. Loud people. It was Sunday Night football in the bar area. The restaurant was not that busy and our waitress mostly stayed at the table next to us talking with another customer.  dinner prices at lunchtime and a freezing cold dining room deserve the removal of two stars from this review.  Shame on Friday's for not offering lunch specials to its dining guests." So I believe over the years i've tried TGIF's 3 times or so and I'm pretty sure this will be the last time. Fool me once shame on you  coming back every 2-3 minutes asking if everything was ok. It seemed like he knew there was a bigger problem than we thought.. It was a disaster on date night  felt like cheers. Recommend cajun chicken and shrimp pasta." I feel that I probably won't be going back to this location again."  food was what I would expect from TGI Fridays"  and hope it stays around longer!"  the server interrupted our conversation and gave us some long winded sales pitch that totally pissed me off.   I think they were selling some discount card or something  why did he stop going to TGI Friday's? Then I ate there and was reminded." Eating there made me realize why I never actually go eat there. Nor do I really plan on going anytime soon"  and well I was missing the chicken can you believe that?  So being that it's a good 20 minutes away from me I didn't make the trip back to complain I just called instead.  I talked to the same manager I'm sure that fixed the first problem and he said sorry and is supposed to send me a gift certificate.  Apparently this happens more often than not because he didn't find it strange at all.  Moral is and I know that I don't need to tell you this but always check your food.  I normally do but for some reason I just didn't last night.  Like I said I really love Fridays and I can't say that I will not be back "Went in after church service (on Easter) and got seated pretty quickly! Not only that but the waitress was very helpful in sharing some of her favorite dishes (i like doing this to see how much they know about the food they serve!). I got the 8oz stake which I wanted MORE of (it was soooo good) with a side of Stake Fries. The wife loved her shrimp & ribs combo plate (which I of course ""tasted"" as well) and it was very good. The shrimp had a tasteful seasoning to it that when they breaded it "This place is always packed so i would suggest some out side seating to help with the over flow but other than that i am always back for the jack daniel specials I recommend their bar service to everyone  the drinks were awesome. Service the first night was iffy but it always depends on your waitress I am calling the GM! Pronto!" Meal was pretty average but would not go on a Friday night again. Very questionable patrons lots of leather tattoos and women that were overweight with tight clothes can you say cheap hooker! This place has been going down hill for awhile which is a shame as I do love the JD menu.  I think we have reached full hood status here.  made good recommendations and brought us our drinks and food quickly. But here's the thing: The place had an unsavory vibe. Overweight single men on one side of the bar  but that was jus t another 5-10 mins more. Even though my pice up time has past by 10mins already. So I get my food and walk across to the hotel that I'm staying at I don't like the restaurant portion of this TGI Fridays so I always order to go at the bar (live right across the street).  I always order the same salad but tonight I found a large kinky pubic like hair in it.  Absolutely disgusting!!! Now mind you- this manager treated me this way all over $6.00." Ordered a medium hamburger. Got a well done one with cold fries.  Service was questionable.  Recommend you stay away. warm. Never will go here again...ever." Service and food was good. We had the chosen sandwich and the half rack of ribs. Would eat here again. Our server was attentive. Also had pot stickers and cheese sticks. Yum! Service and food was good. We had the chosen sandwich and the half rack of ribs. Would eat here again. Our server was attentive. Also had pot stickers and cheese sticks. Yum!  poor service.  Very disappointing birthday dinner for my son." This place sucks so hard. Haven't seen this much worse service in an american restaurant.  it took him a while to come back to take the order. He never came to check on us once we got our food or asked if anybody wanted to order another drink. Before he brought the checks I asked for 2 of the Tennessee whiskey cakes. He then brought the checks and didn't add the cakes in. My total was $19.52 The service was okay. My fiance ordered the parmesan crusted chicken and was very disapointed. It tasted and smelled like fish. It looked like it was under cooked. I ordered the chicken sandwich which tasted much better. The bun came out soggy and the sandwich did not hold very well together. This place is way over priced and we will not be coming back here again.  as if I needed his permission complain elsewhere. He refused to refund to my credit card for the meal which only would have helped slightly because I would rather have not endured the ordeal. The only thing that visibly got his attention was the phrase ""social media"". I would never return to a Fridays and I would advise others to do the same." Zero stars for me. They literally messed up on every single person at the tables order. Not to mention the food they brought out looked absolutely sloppy and disgusting. Waitress was nice through it all and understood but we ended up leaving.  she took a very long time to get us refills. I suppose some of that was due to the Panther's game going on on the TV (they won another game!). The mozeralla sticks we got as an appetizer were good. The harvest apple salad I got was okay. But Had a cheese burger and fries too much salt .The burger was way too greasy but tasted ok. When i asked the bartender for a coffee to go only a half cup i will give a one star.service ok Wasn't the best food but Andrew working our table in the bar section was great.  Keep this guy around!  I would come back just because of him.  we waited about 5 mins for a host to come seat us. He asked if we wanted a table. When we requested a booth it seemed to irritate him. After getting to the table  however my boyfriend's dinner came before we received our drinks! Not to mention that when we finally received our drinks he was done eating his meal and 2 minutes after that my plate came out! Horrible. I really think our waitress forgot to put our order in. She blamed everyone but herself."  you order may not be right and management is not the best when it comes to correcting mistakes." "I won't return. The place was out of control. Not a sign of management. The waitress was cool (Tanea). She was available and attentive. This place needs a severe cleaning job from top to bottom. I refused to finish my water in fear of having to use the bathroom; of course assuming the bathroom would be in worse condition than the dining area. Dust everywhere. Tables weren't clean. The gentlemen at the front in the host position were terribly unprofessional. I'm glad everyone is able to do positive things and maintain a position of employment. However  and cheese stick that were ok. Service was not good and both the bartenders had bad attitudes.  I got an apple martini and it did not taste like apple at all. I will not be back EVER!"  don't bother. You will be the only one there and the hostess will make it crystal clear you're not welcome. It was 4 in the afternoon "Service is extremely slow. We had two children and waited 45 mins for our food with no crowd in the restaurant. Endless apps were over 30 mins apart from the kitchen. Poor quality service and professionalism across the board. Food was just fine "I called three separate times to be put on hold and forgot about every time! I even told the last person who picked up that it was my third time being placed on hold so please don't put me on hold again. ""Ok Worst service I have ever experienced. It will be a long time before I set foot in a Friday's again. Server was simply lousy. With all the other poor reviews why has this place not improved?  June 4th 2016. Service was good. Our waitress  was sweet. My food wasn't the best. I got the chicken and shrimp pasta. There wasn't enough sauce on the pasta and it tasted dry. The shrimp tasted overcooked also. I've had it before where it was good and juicy. Not this time. I never ask for things to be redone tho cause I'm always scared it will get spit on. Yes "Our server was obviously not in the mindframe to be working in a service capacity Overall good experience... the waitress was a little on the slow side (for the restaurant being dead).  It did pick up toward the end so maybe she got a little frazzled." Salad had wilted lettuce.  Sanitation grade 90.5.  Don't recommend. bad service & terrible food zmWlDfDmiNgci1e6WMA8fw  I recommend that you either find somewhere else to go or just save your money and hit one of the local grocery stores.  Since Applebee's is a chain  my second round of sangria tasted like the bartender poured half a bottle of what ever they use to sweeten it  and then she hung up on me mid sentence. When she came out to my car she was nothing but impolite. It was the customer service tonight that may have deterred me from ever coming back to Applebees.   The food was great "Delicious steaks and nice interior. Friendly staff Very bad service. Also my girlfriend got very sick after eating here. Also notice that the chicken she had ate was undercooked. DO NOT GO TO THIS APPLEBEE's  my visits are great. Well I guess you can't really mess up wings & drinks." "This location seems recently remodeled.  Very pleased with the abundance of local and regional microbrews displayed unusually attractively for an Applebee;s.  They had glasses provided by the brewers  if you want a decent meal with at least decent service I have enjoyed the steak at Applebee's. Decently priced & slow service though."  walked by multiple times without even looking our way. Place wasn't busy at all. Left and went across the street to another restaurant which was very busy but seated us a took our order within a couple of minutes.  If you are looking for a quick lunch don't go here." I'll make sure as long as I live none of my family friends or even foe! croses foot to this so called ""restaurant"" again."  good start right? Wrong. We sat for over 15 minutes with many servers passing us including the one assigned to our table. Another server we had not seen stopped by and asked if we had been helped. He took our drink order and was extremely pleasant. Waitress delivered our water and drinks then nothing further for about ten minutes. Ordered and received our food my wife ordered the Asian salad and started eating and when she got to the bottom of the bowl a hair was at the bottom. Called manager and he came over. Not very customer service oriented. My wife had to ask if the salad would be compensated after he asked if she would like something else to which he responded  I'm assuming because it was a slow night. I told the bartender that I was there to pickup an order and she decided that her conversation with her coworker was more important than serving a customer. I waited for about 10 minutes ( my requested pickup time at the time was about 15 minutes prior to this) and my food came out. I checked my order  and waited. It must have been 30 - 35 minutes before it came. She set our plates down and scurried off. She never even gave us silverware or napkins. We managed to flag down another waitress and asked for silverware and napkins. She went to go get them and never returned. After about 10 minutes a man came around checking on each table. I assumed he was a manager. We told him about the silverware and napkins and he apologized and brought them right away. At this time the bungling waitress comes over to ask if we needed anything. At that point we didn't. She went over to the next table and they complained about something and we heard her apologizing. She went to another table and they complained and we heard her apologizing again. Apparently she was screwing up orders at every table. We finished the meal What a joke! This place has permanently lost my patronage." "First off the management here sucks ass!! The kitchen was so far behind that we sat there for 35 mins and still didn't get our appetizer! The server did all that she could but damn! This place has no team work at all and like I said Never ever eat here!!! Worst service I have ever had. When we said something there was one excuse after another!  I placed an order online for the salad and a soup while at the gym. I plugged in for it 12:00pm pick up. I arrived around 11:45 and had no problem waking until 12. 12:10 nothing...12:15 he comes out with the receipt to sign and will bring the food out when it's ready. Really? It's soup and a wedge salad. Literally a hunk of lettuce. 12:30 and this is the salad they bring out. No bacon and barely any toppings. I knew my one experience Wednesday night was too good to be true."   she looked like she couldn't be more bothered.  But I guess after she sensed we were ok peeps she let her guard down a bit.  Our food came at a reasonable time and my salad was pretty dang on good!  Was it my favorite place?  Nah "Fantastic service and food. We ordered appetizers  if the fact that we had to wait 5 minutes for a hostess to greet us although the restaurant was half empty wasn't the key for us to run we ignored the signs. After waiting 20 minutes we observed several already seated parties leaving and complaining of the wait. We still stayed because I insisted on Applebee's. After waiting another 20 minutes for our server to take a drink order and waiting another 25 mins for the appetizer to arrive cold. We still hung in and received cheese less 4 cheese Mac and cheese  and also for not making sure that the hostesses and buffet workers communicate politely and effectively to the customers.  The waitresses seem to be doing their best but they are limited by the disorganization that is caused by management's inability to run a tight ship.  I'm sticking with Golden Corral from now on."  she was not pleaureable at all and she didnt even smile. Once seated at the table we received another waitress who was indeed very helpful but looking around at other waitresses they also seemed distracted and like they didnt want to work. They had attitudes and didnt want to help the customers. One man at a table next to us went to ask her a question and she quickly said your waiter will be here shortly and all the man wanted was more napkins. Mind you his waiter never came. On top of that the food was very salty and greasy. Id suggest they do back ground checks on their employees and hire folks with good customer service and perhaps hire them a little older because the bunch that were there were very young."  tables and the buffet has always been clean. The food is reasonable for the price. Booths could use new seat coverings." One positive is you have a big variety!" "the food is ok. i went on a wednesday night for the breakfast buffet and the waitresses were ok- but the food was horrible. i had 3 pancakes and they were hard and the syrup was cold. one pancake i couldnt actually bite into. another thing is I was surprised this business was in existence.  I went for a meeting an wanted to order a single order of French toast.  I was told it is only available on the buffet.  Well that was a wrap for me.  I am glad our meeting is changing either way I will not be returning.  the restaurant was clean and staff was friendly and professional. Went there recently and the variety was very little and there was not much breakfast food even though they said breakfast lasted until 2. They start bringing out lunch foods at noon so they is breakfast and lunch foods but there was not a good variety of breakfast nor lunch foods. The restaurant was not clean  but at different locations.  This was my first and last time ever going here.  The Orange Juice didn't taste like real juice.  I only ate 2 pancakes and some scrambled eggs.....Yuck!  I quickly put that plate to the side and try my hand at a salad...can't go wrong with making your own salad "The food was old and somewhat cold.  I did like the fact they had fried chicken We stumbled upon this place a while back  and you just know something is up when the place is empty midday. We ordered burgers and it was awful. Haven't gone back since. decent for breakfast buffet "The manager and waiter was great. They didn't have much business on the day that I went. The food have been sitting out for a while since there was no business but when I asked to for fresh food This place is on its last leg. I think that Shoney's need to pull the plug on this joint like they did the others. My wife and I decided to try a special they advertised. Our first mistake was that we came too close to closing time. Food was cold at the bar and they packed up the food about 30 mins before they closed even though they advertised online that they closed at 10pm but this one closes at 9pm. Will I come back to this place? Nope...well maybe with a coupon for the breakfast bar I will NEVER go to Shoney's again!!" The staff is nice but the food selection on the breakfast buffet wasn't very good. Place felt old and ready for permanent closure. "Always great for breakfast.....and it now has wifi in the restaurant....great service "Horrible.  The food was flavorless and the chicken wasn't cooked all the way.  There weren't many choices at the bar. I felt like they should have had to pay me to eat there.  The service was okay  horseshoes etc.... They have a stage out there for live music. Big portions of food for not alot of cash. Becoming a Friday night tradition"  good food it seems to be run by a young crowd which is nice. I have been there numerous times with out of town visitors an everytime is a good time heck on my last visit I was given two pint glasses. The grown up grilled cheese is a great sandwich as well as the rest of the menu it's got the perfect mix of pub food and good food with a good friendly atmosphere my only suggestion is go for lunch or an early dinner especially in the summer months. Downfall the Guinness is a bit pricey and I can put them down so I try to avoid the pints when I go so I don't break the bank."  but the had Weihenstephaner and started to describe it. I played beer snob and offered that it's the world's oldest brewery at which point the server gave me the look of acknowledgment that he knew I KNOW about beer. We got our drinks and ordered. I got the 'County Down Cheeseburger' with bacon and a fried egg! Medium rare was really medium rare  and cornhole. It's definitely the place to go to have fun in Ft. Mill!"  we had planned on taking our time so we could enjoy the live music.  But poor service ruled the day.  All it would have taken to turn our frustration into an adventure was engaging interaction and some smiles from our server.  Any restaurant or server can get overwhelmed or behind  but I was disappointed." Considering how much we'd heard about this place we were very disappointed and won't be back." Good bar foot and a good beer selection.  Join the beer club and when you get to fifty you get a personalized mug and 20oz of craft beer for the price of a pint.  Bands on the weekend without a cover charge.  it wasn't worth the ~20 minute drive down to Fort Mill I've bumped up the rating from 1 star to 3 stars - I'm leery to give it a higher rating since I don't know whether the first experience or the second experience was the ""out of the norm"" version of the place.  If we end up going again  props for that.  The food is always good.  I had a friend come in from out of town and told her we had to go for their awesome Guinness chili nachos.  She was in love and I remained in love i like this place when they have it all together. some times the service is great sometimes not so much. Sometimes the food is good sometimes its great. but its always good and they have a ton of beer to choose from both on tap and bottles. go before 7 for the happy hour and the best drink and food prices. I honestly cannot see giving this establishment a rating higher than a 3.  My 2 rating is due to the following reasons 1) my husband and I went to watch NFL kickoff last Sunday.  Ordered our beer and then attempted to order our food.  I said attempt because they didn't have much to offer.  Every time we made a selection it was either 86 or a component was 86. The explaination we were given was it was very busy Friday night and ran out of stuff - hello it is now Sunday afternoon. You are advertising watching the games at your location.  I pointed out that there is a grocery store within walking distance.  The reply was the owners won't let us buy anything.  I ordered shepards pie which is supposed to be a meat potato and veggie dish. When it showed up at the table it had at least 1 2inch of melted cheese on top a fact not mentioned in the description. After scraping that off I proceeded to dig in. Unfortunately the dish was made with less than an ounce of meat alittle bit of peas and corn and a pile of potatoes. I had the honor of paying $10 for that.  2) OK everyone can have a bad day so we returned this Sunday.  Once again they were out of things but not as bad as last week.  I ordered a specialty burger for $11 Safe right?  Wrong. It came out as any basic burger would except for the fact that the actual patty looked liked someone took a bite out of it.  I called the server over to show her the burger and to ask where the special burger was - her reply - it looks like someone bit into it.  When I asked about the bun vs bagel - oh we don't have those anymore!  There is much more that I can say but this is already a novel. Long story short. The food sucks and we will not return.  One other thing when I told our server about our experience last week she stated that she served an English guy that complained that the shepards pie was the worse he ever ate - I agree.  Time to find another place to go.  but from that moment on we had the most terrible service from her. I ordered a margarita and it was disgusting with nothing but mixer and a few cubes of ice. The guys were ordering beers and they literally had to approach the bartender at the bar for two different rounds of beer because the bartender would not return to service our table like she was servicing the rest of them. We had to ask for menus because we were not offered any and anytime we attempted to speak with or get the bar tender's attention she just glared and smirked and acted like everything was just a big inconvenience to her. She was literally snatching money out of out hands while we were paying. Ridiculous." Darts  yeah.  Don't forget to join the Beer Club.  So many different beers to try and they get new ones on a regular basis.  being.  Just be.  And give me a friggin' huge piece of deep fried walleye to help me digest the spectacle "Service was terrible! I will never return!!! We waited in the bar and were never greeted or spoken too. People walked in after us and were seated. Not sure what their structure is for seating  potatoes and toast.  All this for something like $10.  Totally worth a side trip if you are in Madison." "Amazing Friday night FISH FRY! I got out a lot for fish fry's in Madison and the surrounding area and this still remains my favorite. I usually get the Cod dinner Can't comment on the food. Drink specials were solid." bluegill are all delecious. Good place for a beer as well. Great view So if you want some good breakfast on the weekend and in the McFarland area...Breach House it is!" "We had dinner at the Beach House on Friday on our way up to northern Wisconsin based on reviews on Yelp.  If you are looking for good fish fry the Beach House has it.  I had the perch which was great _wZTYYL7cutanzAnJUTGMA "We live just down from the Beach House.  We love going there. They are super friendly. We usually do not have to wait to be seated. The weekend breakfasts are the best. Bloody Marys are outstanding. Love the crab cakes eggs Benedict. Yum! Huge portion of walleye with your eggs which is one of my friends favs when they come visit. It is a great local hangout too To sum it all up: if you find yourself looking for breakfast and a little ""hair o' the dog"" in McFarland Wisconsin because ""What happens at the Beach House   Some people even like a bloody mary or vodka and orange served with them.  Anything on the menu is good.  Nice place on the water.  You can come by boat or car.  If you come by boat a nice little ride over to Madison area makes it a fun day." "We love the Beach House.  We come here often.  Food is always good.  Drinks are made by some really awesome people!  Specials are always worth a look. Weekend breakfasts are very popular Excellent dinner. Had a New York Strip steak and Scallops for $22.00 Food was very good and the atmosphere is the classic divey Wisconsin bar. The only way it could be better was if they added outdoor service outdoor bar. We will be back!  but will definitely keep going back. Love being so close to Lake Waubesa and watching the sunsets too." Food and service have always been good.  The seafood dinner was done perfectly. "The Beach house is probably one of our favorite breakfast places. The walleye and eggs are truly a specialty. Their fish fry is also very good and they have a nice view of lake Wabesa. If they expanded food and drinks outside  and we started with pepperjack cheese curds.  Delish!  They had a really nice bite at the end of them from the peppers.  I got the blue gill lake perch combo and my fiancee got the Caribbean salmon.  I know blue gill is a thinner fish "Went here for fish fry with one of my friends and we ended up sitting outside and watching the sunset. Our server was very nice and the food was SOOOO good! I had the fried cod and she had the walleye. We were both impressed and full after the meal. My favorite part - the price - very affordable and you get to pick your sides Stopped here while on a Sunday drive.  Tried sitting outside and the waitress did not make us feel welcomed.  She was rude and careless.  We walked inside to the bar where the bartenders were a lot better.  Unfortunately the same lady came in and started venting about her customers.  Seems like they have enough customers and do not need to be nice anymore.  Too bad because the beer was nice and cold.  Great views too. It was ok - waitress was very good - even with 7:45 Friday night reservations no tables were available and had a very long wait - drunk patron at the bar swearing very loud with the F-bomb and other words and slamming items on the bar - first ordered the salmon special and of course it was already sold out - two of us then ordered the fish fry mine was lukewarm and the other one was cold. Don't plan on going back. "I took my mom and grandma to the Beach House last night for dinner thinking it would be better than getting a Papa Murphy's pizza. There weren't many patrons in the dining room. Our waitress was very short with us  not very crowded yet they insisted we sit crowded next to another pair of people.  Service was slow The restaurant was packed on Saturday night; I'm glad I called in a reservation. Local town folk. Not a huge place but still cozy. The servers were running around and busy but made sure that our table was attended well. Ask for Dee Dee; she's a trip! I'll be back again for more food once the snow has melted to try the other items on the menu."  was not good.  It was cold and tasted very old.  The fries that went along with it were also extremely salty.  A couple people in the group said their food was okay It you're basic bar food.  Nothing more. Great place on the water. Beautiful views. Good fish fry. Very reasonable prices with nice selection of fish and sides. The staff are great!  but the service is slow and the wait staff is not attentive.  Thankfully Bottom line is this is a bar with bar food that tries hard. I'd go back if I was in the neighborhood. It's OK This place was amazing!! The cucumber dill sauce for the salmon was out of this world!!! I've also never had cinnamon butter for my rolls before I came here. A must try if you are near by "This was a good restaurant but the menu has been downgraded to Bar Food  not worth the salt.  We had a horrible experience here last summer. Decided to give a chance again this summer and it's worse!  Not sure how that was possible but it is. Service is slow.  Wait staff is not trained. Steaks are always over done.  Never coming back." Too bad they are closing 9 13 2015. Go visit before then!" The fried walleye and perch are awesome; some of the best fish fry I have had with a too die for tarter sauce.  The service is great and has a comfortable atmosphere. I look forward to returning for brunch again soon.  or at least Esser's Best.  What really seals it for me is sometimes the Spotted lines aren't even clean and the beer comes out flat and a bit funky.  Another complaint that I frequently have is some of the bartenders know next to nothing about proper drink mixing.  It is usually the same bartenders that act put upon to even mix a drink as opposed to just grabbing a bottle.  Some of the older bartenders are very good I have yet to try any food or enjoy their volleyball courts but would recommend that anyone interested in a townie atmosphere with the possibility of some excitement to give the place a try. I know I look forward to taking some of my friends to this place to get their opinions of what I like to call Middleton's Best Townie Bar!!!" Overall if your in the area its worth stopping at but nothing spectacular." Nicer than I expected. Great place for trivia. Very good fries.  but this was the worst ""bartending experience"" I have ever encountered! [It was Thanksgiving Eve 6:15 in case the owner manager might read this]. Either I was 1] not a regular or 2]a bother. NEVER again!"  come check this place out and give a nod to the stuffed boar head on the wall  Boar - the truth can hurt."  well made and strong but for some reason I really enjoyed the food. For being bar food it was actually pretty spectacular. Any drink ya like at a cheap price and some cool stuff to look at. Whats not to like? They got big TV's and fast service. (eBay style) A++++++++++++ Great Seller!!!!!! Will do business again!" "Definitely a place I could frequent...nice and open and live blues music every Tuesday night.   Be sure to check out ""Blues and Brews""" "My friends and I stopped here for a few drinks for my birthday. Bartenders were very attentive and made all our drinks to order. Prices were pretty good.  Atmosphere was unique as if it was a log cabin I'd definitely go back." This place is so clean! Love the smoking area. The food is absolutely amazing!!! It is not JUST BAR food it is really great! The staff has always been very friendly as well. Everything was clean and we received table service despite the menu stating orders needed to come through the bar. I don't know if it'd be my scene once the lights go down  prices are good and the staff is always friendly.  The interior reminds me of taverns in northern Wisconsin.  If we lived in Middleton  I really got the feeling that I was in the Dells and not just off a busy street in Middleton. The trivia announcer sits on a little triangular stage in the corner "Best dive bar in Middleton. Lots of TVs if you want to watch sports. A nice deck for summer time. Food is nothing special  etc. cold beer great hamburgers and fries 3 dollar pints people friendly will be back."  and these are perfect for a weekend afternoon.  I would probably return to the Hody more if it weren't for the small inconsistencies in the food and the slight hostile feeling that I sometimes pick up from the regulars Overall it an ok place to go to get a few drinks. Sadly its one of the better bars in Middleton. Not as much of a dive as the Club Tavern or Bristled Boar and not as Towny as Pauls grill ....And if your into older trashy women this place is for you."  but I think you can customize. Otherwise a decent bar with average prices and service. Good TVs and a very local crowd. I think they have small bands on the weekends." Anytime I've gone at night the crowd is a little rough looking and the music is too loud. But going in the early evening or for lunch usually works pretty well." SO CHEAP! Out bill was around $20 for 4 people!?"  partly cuz they advertise half price apps during the game and partly cuz of their presence in 'Madison Cocktail' book.Service was sketchy at best.Waited 10-15 minutes for a beer and then was advised only 'select' apps were half price [2-3 of 16 on menu]?! Hmmm.Also use of the cocktail book was viewed as a nuisance. I say if you sell them readily accept them ...In summary  the beer was not very cold but the prices were ok for the area.  This place needs to place more emphasis on bartenders that are courteous and clean in appearance.   Probably the longest wait for a drink in an unpopulated establishment!!  Tip accordingly"  or some place my mom would hang out. Little disappointed with my beer too. My Spotted Cow tingled as soon as it hit my tongue Went to the Hody bar with some co-workers.  Was having a nice time and the all of the sudden the bar tender came unglued....it was 1:45 and she started screaming at us to leave the bar.  She said she was going to have a nervous breakdown and didn't want to deal with us.  She was screaming.  I didn't want to leave her a tip but my boss was with me and said I should in case she shares tips with the others.  We won't ever go back after being treated so poorly....no wonder we were practically the only customers in the place.  and they always have ""the game"" on. The beer is cheap. In the summer time its always cold from the AC. On weekends it can be hard to attract a bartender as this place always seems to be packed by said locals watching the band. So take it for what is worth."  or maybe we were overdressed or underdressed (unlikely) or maybe we had the wrong haircut. Maybe they only serve locals. There weren't remotely interested in us or our business. It was uncomfortably weird. Wednesday night  but no one even brought us water. After over 5 minutes we left. Their bloodies didn't look that good anyways. Was so perplexing. Wasn't even busy "In my opinion service here has always been sketchy at best.. Stopped in on Christmas Eve [it was the only area place open].. but this time service was outstanding G1qUGBNYNS220jKlPAlFsA Classic neighborhood bar.  Good strong drinks at good prices. I think the bar food is great (try the spudsters!) I love this place because it hasn't changed a bit - the food is still awesome Yummy food! Great service! Family friendly atmosphere! Great Prices! "Quaint little townie spot downtown Middleton.  Nice divey spot for a beer.  Inside smells like old people and moth balls  and rarely stays open past midnight - it's just not that sort of bar. Go across the street to Hody for late-night drinking. Any other time though I would actually give this place a 3.5 if that were possible. I docked it because it has a limited menu with mostly fried food  good flavor. Fries were good. Def will go back and try burgers there." UPDATE: I've spoken with a couple of people that are thinking it may be a fluke that I ended up with frozen patties the time I was there. Apparently they have a machine there that they make their patties with. I'm going to have to revisit in the near future to investigate." A total dive but the burgers are seriously amazing. Bar tenders were friendly and the beer (limited) was cheap.  but I find it endearing.  We've been back a few times now and love going with friends for a casual Friday night.  Great specials (love the Friday fish...but be prepared to eat only fried food).  My all-time favorite is their summer sausage reuben...if you love reubens you cannot go wrong with this jewel!  Fries are always hot and fresh and service is always friendly.  One of Middleton's best kept local secrets!" "Want a burger?  Go here!  Price is a little on the high side for some of their dishes "A bit awkward. Kind of like the snack bar at a summer camp. Very nice people in there and the drinks were good. Decor was lacking Don't go looking for the lobster.  Go for the specials "I love the small town bar feel. Good food  and they like the fish fry on Fridays.  I'll stick to my cheeseburger." I felt like I'd been here before the minute I walked in - the menu and atmosphere were indistinguishable from other taverns I'd been to.  Their tap beer selection was good and its obvious they do a lot of business.  If this is what you are looking for  and really good food--we'll be back!"  this isn't your place.  Madison has plenty of excellent choices in that department.  This place is homey and will serve you a solid burger and fries Great old school bar. Burgers are fantastic. The service is good .the price point is good for Middleton. Will be going back again. The very definition of a Wisconsin bar.  Good food and they make one of the best old fashioneds I've ever had.  I wish they were open on Sundays too.  2 hush puppies and coleslaw.   The meal was better then expected and exceeded expectations.   The Village Green is a traditional Wisconsin Tavern that has great service.   I am looking forward to next Friday already!   I forgot to mention that they have a decent selection of on tap beer.   I tried the Winter Skull  very tasty food and a friendly atmosphere; you cannot go wrong."  and even some kids menu options.  I decided to try their cheese curds (great!) and the friday fish fry.  The hush puppies were too dry.  I'd recommend staying away from those.  The fish was good  keep looking...this is your typical neighborhood tavern and it made me feel like I was back home in the Milwaukee area.  The best burgers in Madison...hands down!  Good fries and cheese curds too...they had a number of other dishes that sounded yummy too.  Super friendly staff.  We will definitely be back!"  a nice selection of local brews on tap and fast friendly service this place is for you." This is an OK place for Friday Night Fish Fry.  My daughter likes the Hush Puppies and Spudsters.  There is no choice of fish - you get deep-fried cod or nothing. The price is reasonable and the waitstaff is friendly. Go soft and juicy burgers!  I dream and crave these burgers.  Basic cheese burger with pickles and they special mustard. Sweet potato fries are out of blunts ." Companion had a Bacon Cheeseburger. She claimed it was tasty... Given companion isn't really a bacon cheeseburger sort of gal  and in the smallest quantity I've ever seen. You can find somewhere better if you're only going for food." This place may not be much to look at but the food is good. We ordered the fish sandwich and the spicy pub chips. The fish sandwich tasted fresh and was cooked well. The pub chips were tasty and the blue cheese sauce that came with it was excellent. They have some good beer on tap to wash it down. I will come here again.  and the dipping sauce had just a bit of kick. Nice beer selection.  Casual  the amount of food for the money is unlike anything I've ever experienced."  casual place. With other places competing with each other who is ""cooler""...Village Green just is without trying. An American and Wisconsin classic. Hope this place sticks around forever." Went there to eat for lunch. I got a salad with a reuben sandwich and my fiancee got the sloppy Joe sandwich and some seafood gumbo. The food was really good and our waitress was really nice and friendly. I would definitely go back to eat here again.  pre-formed tasteless meat pucks would be about right. Locals may love it because it's close and their taste buds are already damaged. I don't know why anyone would go here twice." So disappointed.  Craptastic.  The food isn't fresh. Sandwiches and burgers do not come with fries or anything.  Service was REALLY S-l-o-w and the place had like 3 other people so it wasn't like they were busy.   Atmosphere was awful.  Think your grandparents basement.......  the decor is cool vintage and I've been coming here for 35 years. Great selection of tap beers as well. I can't believe I only have 8 check-in's...I suppose I shouldn't make it egregious because I could probably have 10 more. I had a cheeseburger with American and grilled onions the other day. I had been getting the fish sandwich and I forgot how good this place is. Crispy and crunch outside crust and a perfect medium in the middle. I'd go here everyday but I don't think my cardiologist will let me." Glad to find it in Middleton."  classic Wisconsin bar atmosphere with plenty of wood paneling and no nonsense food.  The burgers are fantastic  and he was correct! Simple but delicious with just the right amount of grease and a LOT of flavor. The burgers were very small though  typical Wisconsin Pub and everyone is friendly and service is great. I always take out of state business visitors there for lunch and now have return visitors always asking to go back to the pub. Highly recommend this place for great food at very reasonable prices." The Village Green restaurant was an excellent experience. I went with a big group of people (most of them intoxicated) but still had a wonderful time. We all got our drinks and food very quickly. My bacon cheeseburger was exquisite. Very good place for a cold Wisconsin evening. Keep it up Village Green I'll see you again in the future. P.S. The cheese curds gave me a semi."  but sure tasty. The spicy (?) pup chips with it were perfect. Great hole in the wall."  but the best seat is at the main bar. With a built in open kitchen and flattop grill to smell the burgers cooking! They have some tasty daily specials too on the menu." Good bar food. The Friday fish fry is hit or miss. Decent tap beer selection. Service is always very good. "Simple local spot with great food and even better service. The wait staff was not only extremely attentive  the positive: Really Great tasting burger. Laid back atmosphere that is not pretentious. Only negative is that it was pricier than I'd expect. $12 and some change for a burger and fries with water."  it was ok.  My biggest problem is that the portions were for ""polite"" people.  I wanted a meatier meal.  My eldest had the Patty Melt Classic burger joint   dive bar that has been around forever and has not changed a bit since I started going there a long time ago.   Prices are great.   Service is excellent.  Burgers are definitely the thing to eat.   Tap list is great (especially for a divey bar in Wisco).  Definitely worth stopping by for a burger and brew if in area.  there's better food at other places.  But Village Green has a unique charm that will invite you back time and time again." Fun place with great service great burgers. I've been coming here for years and was shocked when they started bringing your burger in a plastic basket instead of the piece of wax paper they used to. I was worried they might be getting a bit fancy but nope  but well worth the effort (delicious!!!). My wife and daughter both had double cheeseburgers with bacon and wanted to come back the next day for more! Wait staff very friendly and helpful." If you are in the area I recommend  the Nitty Gritty." My first Fish Fry!  Yum.  And they make Arnold Palmers too! Watched the Packers here. Popular place for birthdays. Good food too... Seemed like a draft of smoke came in when the door opened which was annoying... But overall a great environment.  our bill was over $70. That's US dollars. Before the tip. They charge extra for everything - ranch on the side  and all of them with that gross gooey translucent strip of whatever you get in cheap chicken. Making it worse was the addition of soggy fries and not-as-good-as-I-remembered Gritty sauce. For almost $10 This Nitty Gritty I would have to say is not as good as the downtown madison one and the sole reason is that it is way too small for how many people generally go there. Also their dartboard and such is not well placed and becomes a nuisance when trying to return to the bar for another drink. They have good drink specials and its still got that classic nitty atmosphere but not great... It seemed that everyone there had a birthday celebration in the group.  That's their thing.  I'll go back  I've been here more often than I'd like to admit because they host Team Trivia on Tuesday nights. My boyfriend and I decided to start going somewhere else for trivia when we recently won and got a $40 gift certificate and weren't excited to use it because it meant we'd have to try to consume more of their crappy food. We spent it mostly on booze instead." Delicious pork sandwich with coleslaw and very attentive service at modest prices in a rustic atmosphere  while also getting a very small ice cream sundae at the end.  The burgers were very tasty and cooked as requested. Our server was very good and on top of refills and food came out of the kitchen pretty quick.   I liked the atmosphere in the dining area with tv's mounted throughout the restaurant.  The bar area was not huge  and excellent service. The downside? Because of the birthday popularity (unlimited refills of soda or beer on your birthday) this place is always busy. This isn't always the ""I can't get a table"" busy but it is the loud Meh... short review for posterity sake... bland burgers make me sad.wont be going back... unless its my birthday... then its free right?  and another of my group loved how her steamed veggies were cooked. I did get a mixed drink from a friend and it did come tasting weak watery (I didn't personally order it This meal was a disappointment. There are few places that can pull off a decent burger. You want a great pub burger... Hit the Eastside - go to Players."  actually I didn't even come close to taking more than two bites. I ordered two burgers to go and was unpleasantly surprised when i got home less than 1 mile from The Nitty to an ice cold meal. The burned I think the birthday thing would get annoying after a very short while. I dealt with it for one night. But that could deduct another star if I were a local. Fortunately 6oDZ78JiSKjXVLcurCpnhw Trivia on Tuesdays is pretty fun as well" Good local bar and great staff. I feel like one of the staff every time i am there. Love the Gritty!  friendly environment.  Service is always friendly and prompt.  I have no reservations taking the family there  my friend ordered a veggie burger and the wrong toppings were put on it. It was sent back to the kitchen for correction. We were sitting by the window where you could see the food prep. We saw the cook touch raw meat and then saw them touch my friend's burger. This time Service is great and they always send us coupons. If they put more big screen tvs This place is usually a fave but the recently its been not so good. The food is passable and the service is pretty slow especially on semi-busy nights. It took our party of 6 two hours to get our food.  2016 at 5:30 pm. We ordered our food at 5:40 pm and received it at 6:45 pm! All we ordered was hamburgers and chicken sandwiches. It wasn't even busy and it was on a Wednesday night. We won't be back."  but dated. The outside exterior can't be helping business -- if you can get past the stark white exterior walls  the eggs with Hollendaise sauce looked and smelled really good..."  and snatching something out of the bakery case." If you like tabasco withyour meal you might want to bring your own as they will bring out a botle but it is the habanero type. It may be to hot for some palettes."  or at least take off the price of eggs. But it does have a great environment and they're otherwise friendly." Service is always polite and attentive and prompt  and know how to crank through tables.  They've always been busy when we've been there (weekend mornings) but even when the wait looks long it's less than 10 minutes-- and once you're seated  but they bake their own bread and pastries. Great service and very affordable. I come here as often as I can." "My girlfriend and I checked out this place on Labor Day right after the Mustard Museum.  It was closing at noon and the nice waitress let us eat quickly.  I had the steak and eggs with toast.  My girlfriend had the peach n' French toast plus the eggs benedict vegetarian style.  Well This is by far the best breakfast place in the Madison Middleton area.  Great food and outstanding service.  Definitely has grandma's kitchen feel to it!!  but the stellar service makes up for it. I cannot wait to be back. We've already decided to stop here the next few Sundays to try other things off of their menu!" "Hash browns are delicious. The egg dishes are filling. Coffee is actually not half bad! This is truly great diner food-- the spot is busy The breakfast food here is amazing! The staff and service are great! They always have fresh products. Love it!  I eat breakfast or lunch here. Home cooking!! Friendly staff! Fresh baked goods." This is truly home cooking at its best. The staff is abundant and friendly. My breakfast today consisted of the Blueberry French Toast. The blueberries are actually in the bread dough!  Served with warm syrup. Definitely worth getting up early and running those two miles. Open only until 1:00 pm so make your plans to get there!!  also delicious! Service was very fast and really friendly!  Eventually although the biscuits were gone I had to ask the waitress to remove the gravy from my table "Very friendly staff with a fun local feel. Inside seating is cozy and nice alternative to a chain like Perkins. Adorable prices One of the best breakfasts I have ever had .I had the pecan waffle and it was the best waffle I have ever had in my life  even though you know you'll need to run an extra 5 miles the next day.  C's is just a greasy spoon.  IHOP and Denny's are far better choices." "Love this place sooo much and my husband and I miss our once a month trips there.  Came to review them to make sure they're still around; relieved they are.  This place is cozy  quick service. However the space is small (former KFC) and the space is too tight during the wait for brunch on the weekend. I will try again during the week when it is less busy." "Great place for breakfast. Warm friendly atmosphere where the wait staff knows your name after a couple of visits. The coffee is smooth and mello. Never bitter or burnt tasting. ""Where Middleton goes for breakfast."""  I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the area!"  it is not the most scenic of  restaurants I wanna be awesome when I'm 90.  *crossing my fingers*"  Great Price. You can't go wrong with this place." Great place for great breakfasts and service. Home cooked and friendly competent staff. Good inexpensive cafe food. Pleasant waitresses. Things on menu you won't find in franchise restaurants. We got there around 8:30am (on a weekday) and almost had the place to ourselves but more people kept trickling in as we ate." I live in Colorado and was returning home to Wisconsin for a wedding. So happy to find this amazing little diner off of Highway 151. A hardy old-fashioned breakfast with real food and friendly service "Stayed at the hotel across the street and found this place. Wound up going twice. Good service  one of the other 3 tables in the restaurant had to interrupt them to ask for more coffee. We sat waiting for a few more minutes for someone to take our order but finally got up and walked out. No one said a word. I'm not even sure they noticed. Skip this dive and go to Sir Hobos. The service at Sir Hobos is always prompt and friendly; their food and menu options are great!"   booths were filthy (could you vacuum the crevice of the sears??)  Prices were up "Solid little country diner in my opinion. Don't go in expecting glitzy decor or anything fancy. The food was good enough to take me back to high school when we ""ruffians"" would hang out at places like these. The service was good too. Fast and friendly "I used to go to this place with my mom when I was younger. Recently started going again and literally nothing has changed. Food comes in generous portions for a low price. It's always the same fast  was able to get a seat and asked what I'd like to drink and served very quickly. Service was on point and spectacular My family and I have been coming here for years!!! The staff is soooo friendly and the service is top notch. The food is very good and the portion sizes are fantastic for the price. The country fried steak and the ranch are my wife and I favorite meals. I love that it is family owned and they treat every guest like family. Such a great atmosphere and everyone is always helping or doing something. If you are looking for a great meal at a reasonable price and a good Family atmosphere this is definitely your place!  coffee was nasty. Could have been a bad day but will never come here again. Threw up in parking lot right after eating. If I could give zero stars I would...." This restaurant is good to average. Better than Pine Cone truck stops. AWESOME country fried steak but not many if at all gluten free choices.  and aside from the aforementioned incident I haven't had a major problem with quality.  There's a foosball table near the door where I once schooled a plastered townie five games in a row before hubris got the better of me and I was resounding beaten by his girlfriend.  There are outdoor volleyball courts and leagues during the summer.  I'm sure that if I lived near this place I'd probably find it a nice local hangout.  But I don't  and the service is often inexplicably slow. There is one server who is really on her game- Callie  bad service.  The only thing keeping this place in business is their awesome volleyball set up.  Place is trashy... so is the guy whose family owns the place.  If he isn't trashed and offending customers "this place is truly awful. the sole reason I come here is to play volleyball... their outdoor sand courts are the only saving grace. they have a terrible beer selection and the majority of their patrons are complete douchebags (read: fat  Greek burger would have been ok...but who the heck puts olives WITH pits on a burger???  The server happened to check on us right after the pit was bit into and when my friend mentioned to the server that he was just trying to figure out if he cracked a tooth from the pits...she laughed and went ""yeah"".  The potato skins were so dried out they were mostly inedible.  The fries never saw a grain of salt...or any seasoning for that matter.  Our server was nice but kept forgetting about us or had way too many tables.  We waited forever for food because ""the kitchen was backed up"" but the place wasn't even full.  Had to get our own silverware "This is one of my traditional stops when departing from Dane County airport. Food is average. A decent tenderloin steak sandwich would have been greatly improved with a ""bun upgrade"" from a basic hamburger bun to something ""hard rolly or French"". Service on the other hand by Todd was again good  It's definitely a place you go for typical bar food. A little greasy The food was standard bar food.  The chicken nachos were ho-hum.  The sandwiches were tasty." Purchased a groupon for this place.  The service was excellent and the deluxe prime rib sandwich and the chipolte burger were fantastic.  You can bet we will visit again wifalsethout They do a good turkey club I will say that much. Hit the spot for me and I am a picky sandwich guy. The salad bar is not half bad either for just $3 more. Great spot to grab a lunch on the east side for cheap or catch the game I am sure based on the looks of the place. I'd visit more often but being here in San Diego might make that a bit tough.... Clientele are old rigid couples not a very inviting atmosphere food and drink are mediocre. We went here to be able to watch the Bears game and the Packers game one sunday. They found us a seat and made sure we could see both games. The food was decent and the service was ok. It is a good place to go if you want to watch multiple games at once. I wouldn't go there all the time and it won't become my favorite hangout but I'd go back.  screwed up pizza order. Guests from out of town were not happy with anything that transpired"  so it was even on the amount of nachos. (Don't you hate it when you get more nachos than meat and toppings?)"  and a raspberry dressing that is to DIE FOR! They also have an amazing turkey melt. I felt like the service was great and everything was fresh. I have only eaten there during the lunch hour Summer volleyball is great here. Good atmosphere awesome staff. Food and drinks are a little pricey but still delicious. Fun place to relax with friends. "Ate there one time.  If you ask me 20 years from now how many times I've eaten there I guarantee the answer will still be one.  Biggest waste of $28 I've ever spent.  McDonald's next door "Went here for my girls 40th bday.. it was us 4 plus 3 other ppl the entire Friday night. Plus side to it being VERY dead is the Dj played almost all the songs we requested and we were able to dance the night away peacefully !! The bartender was great and hooked us up with lots and lots of olives "Well...this is definitely Jimmy Buffett in a nutshell.....over the top wacky and colorful...a real escape from reality.  The food was great....kind of a wait  the biggest problem I had with this place was the extravagant price for the bland food.  Much better burgers and sandwiches in Madison for a much more reasonable price." The food was uniformly ordinary - my vegetarian baja burger was way too spicy to be enjoyable  you name they have it.    For those not from the midwest  but after driving almost 40 miles (back and forth) to get cheese curds (more on that in my next reviews) I choose the first place that looked remotely interesting." I'm giving this place 3 stars for the bartender's effort and the decent food. I'd go back if I was passing by  Cheeseburger in Paradise during dinner rush on a Thursday eve in MADISON... was a different more chill experience.  Jimmy Buffet was playing constantly over the sound system and our service was quick and friendly like any chain restaurant. The margaritas were OVERPRICED ($5.75 for a 16 oz plain lime margarita on the rocks)  but they still had the doors wide open. This would have been a better day to leave the doors down and keep the diners inside. The county was under a tornado watch at the time and there were several severe storms in the vicinity. Not a day to encourage diners to eat on the patio."  unlike at most every other place that fries things) on the patio and were waited on by a conscientious and attentive server  their fish sandwich and ALL the salads are really wonderful.  Service has always been friendly and efficient.  Love thier vegetable sides - nice difference than the ""norm"".  Gotta say I'm surprised to even be writing this as I didn't think I'd like this place at all - but I'm a believer!  The only gripe is that it's quite expensive  but take a hint by the restaurant's name and order a cheeseburger.  WWJBD...what would Jimmy Buffett do?  Probably order a Cheeserburger in Paradise  but they taste excellent and get you more tipsy than you'd think :) I enjoy the whole island vibe of the place especially in the summer when you can sit outside. They have some live music at times as well and the wait staff has always been super friendly to me.." I got so sick and was throwing up after eating there! I have never been back since. And normally I never get sick to my stomach. I don't trust their food. And it is so overprized and overrated. The only way I would eat at this chain again would be if I washed up on a beach after being marooned for a week and they were giving the food away FREE."  I honestly enjoyed my cheeseburger and drinks. I would not go out of my way to come here Don't waste you time here!" - Substitutes? No problem mon..."  and the drink menu looked great.  They had this cool 4' tower of beer that looked kind of fun to drink from...." bottom line: awesome!" Nice atmosphere. Cheeseburger was not all that.  and we did not feel at all taken care of. I will not be back."  I ordered fish tacos w grilled fish - the fish was cold went it came out - I ate it any way - decent but definitely would not order these again; kids & husband orderd cheeseburgers which they ate but was not anything to remark on. I will not likely go back for the food."  the female bartender was far more concerned with a handful of male regulars and talking about how she could not wait to go get drunk. The other bartender was overheard complaining about his work hours- staff definitely brought down the fun atmosphere." Never eating here again. I was sick for 2 days after I eat one of their burgers. "What you're really doing is playing for the experience. I had the mini crab burgers and they were pretty good. The drinks are good The big problem with Cheeseburger was the service.  We thought our waiter had a job at a restaurant across town!  He would disappear for long periods of time (could not see him anywhere in the restaurant) and then reappear maybe 15-20 minutes later.  Order food  flat soda.  For a place the is supposed to specialize in burgers they sucked!  The patty was dry and over cooked everything was greasy Service and fries are  where they excel.  We have been there 5 or 6 times and that's what stands out.  I like their burgers but the rest of the menu items are not too good.  Not a place I am compelled to visit often. Second time there had the bigger issues. Again we're on a shorter lunch and usually they accommodate well. We didn't have anybody come to our table for drink orders for over 10 minutes. 2 tables came in after us and got drinks and ordered food before us. It was a little annoying considering the place wasn't that busy when we sat down. Again the good was OK. This time I had the Sweet Fire Chicken sandwich and it was better tasting than the burger I had but still was very greasy and the bun was mush by the end. Am willing to try it again and see how it goes. Will update review then"  and we likely won't be back anytime soon."  most of which is made from frozen out of a bag ingredients.  Don't waste your money or time.  TGI Friday's or Applebee's with a Caribbean theme."  gas) that night until the next couple days. It was horrible. I know it was from the food at Cheeseburger in Paradise. I will never go there again! I don't want others to get sick so that is why I am posting this negative review."  and risk the chance I get explosive diarrhea before climbing into a sailboat and pointing it toward Cheeseburger In Paradise."  seafood and chicken on menu. I dont eat pork or beef. Loved it."  why close the bar 30 minutes early???? The drinks are around $8 so do the math on how much you are losing if our table would've ordered 2-4 drinks. I'm just beyond put off." Service- good. The servers usually try to please my children and that makes me happy. My children love to end their meals with a gummy burger from the bar."  pretty much every table in the place still had people's finished meals on them.  Nobody was cleaning up the place!  Our food was barely edible.  Fried pickles were soggy and my burger was so overdone I only finished about half of it.  I'm sorry guys -- I hate to write a bad review but there's really no choice here.  Stay away from this restaurant until they fix their issues."  but with one other person at the bar I expected more attention.  Overall it was good Really efficient denny's! Great in a pinch. It's Denny's.  What can I say.  Typical chain food.  Service is good.  Kids love it.  Comfortable atmosphere.  Prices are low.  fearing that the Kitchen (shielded from view) would be worse than what customers are able to see.  I would recommend someone inspect the air quality and cleaniness of this establishment."  literally.  This place is UNDERSTAFFED!  It took two hours to eat breakfast this morning for three adults and a child.  I have never had to a wait upon entering a restaurant not because there were no tables  shitty service.  I'd say I won't go back to this location but I think this is just a matter of Denny's in general.  In middle school I was at a Denny's in Philadelphia and this dude came in with a bloody rag over his hand asking my sister to help find his girlfriend.  Actually I should review that Denny's.  Why do I like this place?" "Horrible service. We waited 35 minutes to get waited on and waited 35 more minutes before we asked to see a manager. He then was the one to bring out our food well after we'd been there over an hour. Other tables which had arrived after us in the neighboring ""section"" had already been served Went here on a very busy Sunday morning.  We did not have to wait long to be seated.  Our waitress was wonderful.  I had some kind of a skillet and it was very good.  I tried to eat it all bu failed. Can't really go wrong with grabbing a bite here "I've been realzing I tend to review mainly when I'm upset and working on it but I'm not even upset right now and need to give this a 2..solely based off my past FOUR experiences Can't really go wrong with grabbing a bite here  and it does this well.  You can also find some interesting items in their huge ""country store"" "It had been quite a while since we ate at a Cracker Barrel. We stopped there when shopping at East Towne Mall. I ordered the pot roast and my husband ordered chicken and dumplilngs. Yuck! It had more salt than you'd find in food at McDonalds. The meat in the pot roast tasted processed. The dumplings were slimy. The vegetables were so salty  she simply shrugged it off. When my friend also complained that his berry dessert was only half of what it should be (completely deflated and only half the bowl) The only thing that saved this place was the chocolate bar i purchased in the store area. That shit was good." I reserve 4 and 5 stars for upscale and gourmet restaurants but is give the CB a solid 3 stars." I am always happy with their bottomless coffee and affordable prices. Our waitress was friendly and efficient. When my husband found a hair in his food she promptly took it away Good food at a very reasonable price."   but it's never been good.  Last time I ordered french toast.  Got 4 slices of soggy french toast. The egg wasn't even cooked on it! Potatoes and grits were very bland. But I love the golf tee game!" I was bringing my family to Cracker Barrow today a group of 6 but after hearing they fired a 73 year old Vet for handing out a Corn muffin I changed my mind...... I hope others feel the same way...... I won't be going back. No matter how stranded and hungry we are." I paid $8 for four pieces of french toast with cinnamon apples QF14BFUVHRODxGNVflgm3A  usually later in the evenings. Service is usually slow and the wait staff seems to be inconvenienced when you show up during their closing hour and more concerned about leaving work than giving proper service. *News flash wait staff* better service=bigger tip. Keep coming for the consistent food. (Which is ok at best) better service in the mornings as long as you beat the rush "Had the Tuesday special of meatloaf and mashed potatoes. It was great! Super fast and kind service. Loved it Was totally embarrassed because we told our friends what a great place this was.  Not going back."  but it's comfort food in large portions at a very reasonable price. The service was great and everything ordered was correct . This location has always been consistent!" I don't know what others are complaining about I went down to Cracker Barrel for dinner over the weekend. The service out there was pretty good. Didnt have to wait for long. It is near the East Towne Mall. The food was decent too. There werent a lot of people so the place was generally quiet. For dessert I had the baked apple dumplin. I have to admit that is the very best I have ever eaten. If I do go back to a Cracker Barrel it will be for the dessert. "Ive been here a couple of times and ive never been disappointed. The service is always pretty quick the servers are kinda rude and uninformed though." The cobb salad was not bad. The avocado dressing that came with it was delicious. And $7 for that? Oh yeah." Good food. Great service.  Ask for Waitress Aimee ~ she was friendly and professional. This incident killed my night and the weekend with my wife constantly checking the bank account. This incident is all that my has been talking about to her friends all weekend long The only downside was the waiter.  He messed up the drink order by bringing a Corona instead of the Blue Moon and included the up sell beans and rice It's a national chain so you pretty much get what you'd expect. I have never had problems with the service and the food is always good. "Had the Santa Fe salad.  Man After a long day of flying I decided to get Chilis To Go. HUGE MISTAKE. It started with them not being able to find my order because they had my name wrong & it went downhill from there. When I got home I found my soup was not in the bag. I opened the box for my entree & the pictures listed was what I found. Never again. Very expensive & the food is terrible.  personable....  I don't think she will be there long.. She will be on to greater things :)"  service & food have always been what you should expect from this chain. Pretty good happy hour specials as well! Cheers!" It's on par if not better than some of the nearby chains. Sometimes not sure of the identity they're going for.  Most things are American but the theme revolves around south west food. I like that they have non typical sides. No complaints. Came in with 3 adults and 4 children. They have kids eat free on Tuesdays which is why we came. I ordered a 6oz sirloin with broccoli. Although it wasn't incredibly filling it tastes good. Prices are reasonable and made affordable for a family with a lot of kids to enjoy a meal out. Love the potatoe soup and chips salsa."  we never received an apology from the manager nor a discount to our bill. We will not return to this Chili's location." Alex the server to go person was AWESOME!  Very nice and took our order with ease. Food was great especially the Southwestern egg rolls!  :-) Food is good. Service is fast and servers are attentive and friendly. Have been going there for years with no complaints. They have many healthy choices to choose from. Today we had the fajitas trio which we split and it was excellent!  The prices are reasonable. Asked for refund heard no response" The server was nice but it was a disappointing meal."  they were tasty. Also ordered the molten chocolate cake dessert to share with my daughter. Whoooo... yummy. Cake part slightly dry We like it because we know what we're going to get. We always get a booth for two in the bar since it is less likely families will seek it out & we feel the servers work harder for you because often customers don't consider eating in the bar when they arrive. Another pro tip -- lunch menu available anytime making it possible for the two of us to get in & out for under $20. Like anywhere we've had our service hiccups over the years but when we're hungry this is always a reliable fall back. Always fresh!  Service is great!  Have never been disappointed!  Reasonably priced and a good variety. Perhaps some day I'll go back and point out the inconsistent apostrophe position in their signage and get punched in the face."  it's a nice enough place if you need to whet your whistle out yonder."  my friend Aaron and I found ourselves on the outskirts of Madison and in need of whiskey.  Luckily the warehouse we were destined for was by Slices' (Slice's Slices).  Boy  great food and the owner is cute as a button. Justin no longer works there but Kimmy and Brian will treat you right. There mixology is beyond reproach. Great fish fry and even better burgers." Go to this bar and grill and you will come back!" My wife and I left at halftime with uneasy stomachs (partly because of the surprisingly large bill). Her assessment of the experience sums it up: ""Boy Very unique place. You shouldn't leave sober or without a new friend." Nice place to go get loaded at night but the owner is a fucking douche bag he was really rude to me  and on this particular occasion a strange man two tables down and across the aisle staring at me and not his dining companion "It's an Applebee's...what do you expect?  Every Applebee's I've ever been to has sticky tables...must be something in how they are made or cleaned.  The shot glass desserts aren't bad The fries are so overly seasoned they are almost impossible to eat without a huge glass of water.  Don't go there." This needs no explanation. Service has always been excellent. usually i go there just by myself but sever always pays a lot of attention to me. I am not a big fan of their steaks - i think they are not tender enough and a bit chewy. but the rest of the menu is amazing! try parmesan shrimp or their pasta bowls. 2 for 20$ including an appetizer - who doesn't love that? thei garlic mashd potatoes loaded with sour cream are very good too.  it's Applebee's...you should already know what to expect." Service was great and quick. Our drinks arrived quick and our server Melissa had honest and accurate suggestions.  She was really friendly and fun!  Only problem was that it was really cold because of the air conditioning.  Otherwise it was a great experience! aoDM2oE3P4dNoFDKRljVkg Do not go here! We will be voiding it like the plague." Food was good.. A little disappointed in my Berry Sangria.. Wish it looked and tasted as good as the picture. Nothing stood out to me tho. I might go back for their cheese sticks tho:) Last time I went I was very disappointed in the service. We had a large group so I can understand it taking a little longer than normal but our server took forever to ask us what we wanted to drink (we were a little later than the rest of the party who already had a drink). Also all the TVs were on a preface channel while there was another game that was actually on. I don't think I'd ever pick to go there again. Will only go if someone else wants to. All in all another nice afternoon at Applebee's."   but not at the top of my list. The food hasn't seemed to change since I've gone here except for less options.  Waiting for a table is common unless you go at really off peak times. Recently got a burger there. Asked for well done  only says ""HEART ATTACK!!!!!""   Thanks Applebee's"  not surprising. Bruschetta sirloin with potatoes was very nice. Staff was obviously stressed but food arrived timely and hot.  Kids thoroughly enjoyed the desserts. Nice array of flat screen televisions JdCFcgw4yk4M1ZRhAhBIag  and it didn't break the bank. Can't ask for anymore."  and will go back for ""tapas"" again!"  I've gotten better quality shrimp from my local grocery store's frozen food dept.  The coleslaw served with it was literally inedible.  Little to no dressing and tasteless.  Service was good though!"  had to wait 50 minutes or so for a takeaway order though and the package it came in leaked with no warning that there was loose sauce in it."  I'm a cook and if I tried to send food out of my kitchen like that my chef would either make me remake the whole meal or fire me for serving  food like that. I'm sorry but when my steak tastes like a tv dinner and looks like one too I have to say something."  maybe a chunk per 10 chips. I asked if they had forgot the brisket and she said she could bring out more if I liked... I liked. So she brings out this plastic cup the size of a jello cup with this liquid in it. Then went on to say that the the cooks usually put 4 to 5 of these on but since the regional manager was there that they had to go by the book and put on 2.  So congratulations Applebee's Note to management: suggest you check some of these reviews.....their is a common thread!!" It seems from other reviews there are a lot of issues with this location. We gave it two shots recently and it didn't meet our expectations. We are pretty patient people and very easy going Andrew is the best. I've been here a few times and he always helps to take care of us.  I believe I have also gotten food poisoning from here. I ate what I could then went to bed shortly after. I woke up at 330am feeling very nauseous. Every hour I was kneeling over the toilet Excellent value with a lot to choose from.   A young lady named Hannah rocked out the service to really upgrade the experience.    Set up is nice where you can pay your bill automatically without having to wait which is a real cool thing when you're in a hurry.      Hannah was really awesome though which brought the rating to 5 stars..   Nothing like fantastic service.   The drinks came out fast and the food came out shortly after..   Bravo Applebee's..  Bravo Hannah...  never going there ever again." What can I say about this place. It was horrible from the get go. It took our sever 7 min before she even acknowledge our table. And then she brought our salads and no silverware. My wife had to get up and get some from the host. A table right next to us got the dinners before us and we ordered before them. It took almost 45 min to get our food. My entree looked like it was under the heat lamp for 20 min. I will never come back to this place. They couldn't pay me enough to eat there ""Hahaha!  Yes!!""  *nods and smiles like a complete jackass*" Typical Red Lobster.  Busy.  Good service. Food is delish.... cant get enough of those biscuits! I am thrilled to have them here. Worth the time and money  it was such a disappointing lunch given the food was not served 30 minutes after we finished ordering. After calling the manager the food was finally on the table but apparently there is something within this restaurant. The manger was friendly but the waiter at our table was showing us some attitude after manager was called up. So "I am so happy they aren't keeping this crab and scallop ""pot"".  It was overly messy and no return of flavor.  Better off just having steamed crab legs instead.  Overall "My wife and I stopped at the Red Lobster on 7 4 13.  It was open and the parking lot was busy.  We started with the wood fire grilled bruschetta with shrimp.  It was really good.  A bottle of Kendall Jackson chardonnay made it even better!  We then shared a trio of wood fire salmon  soft and delicious. the seafood is fresh and nice. endless shrimp is a great choice."  it was tough and very chewy. I was really bummed out by this because I was really looking forward to trying this dish and I don't normally have any complaints about Red Lobster. The service was excellent  but that shouldn't matter. I'm a server myself and it's wrong to treat your guests like they are wasting your time. It made the entire experience quite disappointing."  the service has always been great in my past experience dining here." "Solid seafood place.  I had the tilapia last visit in July 2014 and it was tasty.  The service is good but not exceptional on our average visit.  I could call this 3.5 stars quite honestly.  The one thing that could help them out I think is having more variety of fish  with the exception of the cheddar bay biscuits. My last two visits there were very disappointing. The food was bland. The lobster was tough and lacked flavor. Not interested in returning." We stopped here for dinner one night coming home from the Wisconsin Dells. There was no wait. We were seated immediately. We had 3 adults and 1 child in our party. The server was amazing. I think she was one of the best servers we have ever had in a restaurant. We all had different drinks which were kept full. Our cheddar biscuit basket was kept full. Everyone knows Red Lobster has the best cheddar biscuits. We all ordered different entrees. They were all brought out hot and were delicious. The manager stopped by to check on us. It was overall the best Red Lobster experience we have ever had.  but I thoroughly enjoyed it. The flavor on everything was amazing. I would and will go back. We also had a really attentive and kind server. I also noticed that the rest of the servers were the same way." In Madison there are so many great choices for restaurants that I am amazed that people would even go to a place like this that is overpriced and serves food that is so bad.  I hope to never eat here again."  I usually go for it every year but this time i felt it was special. Every thing we had was tasty. I didn't know if that's bcoz not many people came here on the game day (final four) and chefs were not too busy so that they were very focus on our dishes.  However it was  my great day. We got a free appetizer which was a bowl of garlic mussels.  I would say I really liked it but the side bread was too salty for us. We had wood-grilled lobster Caribbean shrimp salmon was bland." "Don't go here if you expect fresh seafood. This is pretty much similar to how Olive Garden calls themselves an Italian restaurant. The food is fried and greasy  and now crab fest. We had the crab lovers dream and it was very good with a larger portion than expected. Good service all around and they kept the cheddar biscuits coming?"  a server came up and took the check off of the table left by the previous customer and stated that she would be right back. She then proceeded to pass our table without saying a word at least 5 times in the next 10 to 15 minutes. Finally another server Food was great and in large amount! The bread they serve was Yummy and you can have as many pieces as you want. Worth price and definitely worth going! The waiter was so friendly and warm hearted! Pleasant experience!  polite woman in her in 40s.  She gave us the run down and made the experience worth having.  The food was expected from a chain.  Reliance on heavy cream and butter without much subtlety.  But "I tried this place many years ago and said I would not be coming back. Yes it is a chain and usually chain places are not great but they're also not horrible. I tried it again recently since the hubby had never been there. We've just decided that we are never going back. everything was drenched in butter. Why did it take 45 minutes for our food to get there? I was so thirsty by the end of the evening because everything was so salty. Even the cooks messed up the steak order at the table next to us. This must be their way of making money on drinks. Save yourself the trip  she took order for the next round as they are made fresh.  Cheesey biscuits are delish.  You get a smaller portion of smaller shrimp each time   tried something new and got the lobster artichoke dip. It was really good however the chips were extremely salty. I got the caesar side salad. Good but a little heavy on the dressing. Then came the ultimate feast. I wasn't really hungry at this point but leftover seafood isn't great. The shrimp  most of our group has food service experience and agreed that some nights are harder than others. I wonder what happened to that poor girl today for her to be so short with our table to the point where we discussed asking for a different server. I would gladly visit this location again and hope that the service is more hospitable."  this is the place to go. Generic seafood mostly smothered in garlic sauces so the seafood is beyond recognition. Not the best quality seafood  their service deserves 5 star. Even my gf felt that service was bit overwhelming :D I'd highly recommend you give this place another try if your previous experience was bit negative." I have eaten at many different Red Lobsters in different states over the years and this is the worst. I've had great food everytime I ate at the one in Rockford  pretty darn delicious for a chain restaurant."  2016) and like I said place was almost empty so people were just visiting.  We ask if we could be seated at one of the large booths since a couple of the children were small!  They just ignored us so we said we would just go somewhere else! The guy working said""lay the pager on the counter."" They did not even care that 8 people were leaving to eat somewhere else!!!!!  Right before we left another family complained about having to wait to be seated and the restaurant being almost empty!!!"  I get it.  A number of points during the experience rubbed me the wrong way.  I thought Red Lobster was going through a re-branding recently.  But it seemed like the same tired interior and menu from the last time I ate at one 4 years ago." Service was slow.  Two other tables received their food before us and had mistakes in their orders.  My fries came out about 8 minutes after my entree did.  The shrimp was over battered and the fries were over cooked.  I wouldn't eat here again. Great food and good service. The bar harbor lobster bake is definitely a winner! The cheddar biscuits are awesome as always. Bring your appetite because there portions are very filling.  the restaurant wasn't packed yet we waited 25 minutes for a table. Another 20 before our orders were taken and drinks brought. The restaurant itself was truly filthy - stained Thanks International House of Poop!!!"  or freezer.  Parking is very limited.  Not a fan." It's old.  It's small.  The staff was attentive.  Food showed up quick and tasted like IHOP food.  but the staff all seem used to it and so it isn't the worst thing ever. I've never used the restroom so can't comment on that." The pancakes are so fluffy and good. The service is excellent and it is fun to put a huge amount of unnecessary syrup on the cakes  but that nothing was being done about the noise because the manager didn't hear anything.  So my complaint was without merit and the loud group shouldn't have been told that other customers were complaining about the noise they were making?!  What an incompetent manager!  The food was merely meh.  Other than the noise issue  telling us we had a wait time of 10 minutes! I had to raise my voice to let her know we had been there first and had been waiting several minutes. I went there again 2 days ago. My friend got her food about 10 minutes before I got mine & the waiter had just walked past setting the food on the table without even asking if she needed anything else right away. She had no silverware and our waiter then disappeared for 10 minutes until he brought my food Server was ok. Nothing special. Should have been a little more attentive as it was fairly dead in there. Today I ordered the bacon temptation omelette. I'm still not sure how I feel about the cold tomatoes on top and the cheese sauce. Overall it's ihop. Not bad prices. Kids eat free which is nice. We'll be back at some point but there are definitely better places out there to go.  that this iHop is still open. The location must be the key. Their third and final chance came and went without me getting so much as coffee. I was seated and given a menu "They seated me and then forgot about me. The waitress was inexperienced and ran around like a deer n a headlight. When she notice she had forgot about my table she asked the manager to serve us. Cause she saw the mean looks on our faces. PS I felt bad because the waitress appeared to be the only one there at about 7:30 am and there were about 8 - 10 tables full of customers. I would maybe recommend hat they have at least 2 people on Ok I've gone to IHOP for years all over the country but today changed all that for me not only was the service horrible the food was less than microwave quality I will never ever go to this IHOP again. The manager should be fired as well as the entire staff. I know these are strong statements but that's how bad it was my fiance tipped only out of obligation.  if the fam wants to do breakfast out  we had to wait for the only two waitresses to ring up one customer. I'm not sure why it takes two of them when there was no problem at all. We're eventually seated and I noticed the cushion on one of the booths had a huge rip all the way across the top. You can see the yellow stuffing coming out. The one we sat on was on its way to looking just like its neighbor. It's clear that whoever owns this place doesn't care about maintaining the looks. The service after we were seated was good  and disgusting. Food is poor quality. Service is terrible! Will never be back. Go anywhere else but here." Small and cozy neighborhood bar!" still a solid 4 star for what it is.."  and we love that he's going out of his way to buy local ingredients and beer. He's got House of Brews on tap even! Unusual fact - the inside of the bathroom stalls are painted with chalkboard paint and have chalk available to write messages. We really don't have complaints at this point. We're excited to try their brunch soon!"  eleven beers and a shot.  Don't ask me why I thought it'd be a good idea for my date and I to drink that much alcohol  but their Friday fish fry is worth going. The perch or walleye is what you should get. Even though it was busy when we were there  and someone standing by the door smiled and asked us to come back soon.  I can't say enough about how friendly everyone here is.  It looks like a burned out biker bar  but it just couldn't stand up to the grease from the meat and the onslaught of fried onions and the juice of tomato. I would recommend it "Really enjoy this place.Cod is still exceptional.Prices up a bit due to cost increase on fish.Service continues to be friendly and attentive.Added bonus  but true fish fry happiness awaits! I have been going to this place for about one year.  The first time we went later around 9 pm or so and a lot of the fish was gone.  I had an amazing hamburger instead  and Ale Asylum.  We took in some of the preseason Packer game One piece of advice: We got there on Friday at 5:15 and it took about 30 minutes for our food to come out. The table next to us had people sit down at about 6:00  and to watch a little bit of the Badger game.  I haven't been to the Villa Tap in years. The place hasn't changed a bit.  Great neighbor hood bar.  The only down fall was--it was a little busy and took a little longer than I would have liked to get me beer.  Other that that great time--tap beer $2.50."  solid food with no frills." If you're from the North or east side and wanna see every washed up coke snorter/asshole from high school this is the place to go... I also had a tasty Bloody Mary my last visit." J2AiPQnKWBxBwc4MMkbH8w "If you are looking for great bar food this is the spot on the NE side of town.  Most people rave about the Friday fish and burgers  but we went at 7:30 p.m.  on a Friday night and with the wait we didn't eat until 9:30 p.m. The wait was just too long and the service did not make up for it. If we did go back it would have to be at 5:30 p.m."  but the shrimp is my go-to for good Friday night eating. Get there early though as the wait after six or so can be VERY long." "Another enjoyable and tasty visit..Tried bluegill this time which was excellent!... Service remains very good.. This really has become my ""go to"" fish fry."  nice crowd. Friendly. A good solid stop on the North side. When you enter  Burgers.  All ridiculous.  Chico seems like a great guy.  Friendly staff.  Amazing bar food.  Amazing."  but the burgers (veggie and regular) are very good as well. It's bar food at its very best. Hot chips with dipping sauce are good too! There's often bands on the weekends "Some of the best bar food in the state.  Burgers and Pizza are always a fantastic choice.  Entertainment is hit or miss  but we probably wouldn't come back during dinner hour  but some drunk regular yelled at us for ordering from the menu instead of the ""board.""  Unpleasant." KHOHjA8HOcTlFBCtMQFv8A  one half the main bar area and the other a large space with family-style tables where groups gather and bands sometimes play at night.  Here you will find the livers of the pure Madison lifestyle celebrating their lives.  These people are happy and they might just make you happy too." As always a smoke free environment is worth driving to Madison for."  gin & tonics were $3 each on a Friday night." KHOHjA8HOcTlFBCtMQFv8A  and just the right amount of toppings.  The chips were great too... at first.  Though I have to say that they started to feel a bit heavy about half way through.  They're still good You've been warned. You certainly won't catch me sitting at this bar ever again."  it's not worth going there if you're going to encounter hostility when you want something from the bar.  There are too many other fun places to go in Madison for anyone to have to put up with the miserable buzz killing atmosphere that prevails at The ""Harmony""."  attentive staff. Great beers on tap. No snobs and the place has a sense of humor about itself. It's good stuff." Cheers to the Harmony!"  although there is an ATM if you forget to." "The perfect place for the near-east side. Good to very good drinks (depending on the bar tender) and yummy pub food -- especially the walnut burger. It has a workaday feel "Attended Harmony bar to watch the Peoples Brothers Band.  The band was great and I was awarded 3rd place in their costume contest.  I ordered several drinks at this establishment and it was never clear to me what the beer selections were. Regardless I've had some decent experiences here throughout my life.  Many friends work there etc.  Good neighborhood spot.  Solid 7/10 bar food that won't blow your mind.  Some servers and bartenders are nicer than others.  Also this place has some good live music and is somewhat famous for blues acts.  It's a good place to go if you live in the hood but I would skip if if you are visiting. I had a walnut burger coupled with your hot blue cheese chips...it was ok. This is a classic Wisconsin Tavern and I enjoyed watching football at the Harmony.  No bullshit here.  as are the pretzels. Keith and staff do a great job. Plenty of local brews on tap."  but the walnut burger at The Harmony is quite spectacular & totally unique - great flavor This is my neighborhood bar. It is dependable and predictable. My favorite dish is the chicken breast plate with the Asian noodles. The chicken is moist and flavorful every time. I love their homemade chips with blue cheese but I try to steer clear. I always pray that someone else at the table will order them and I can sneak a few . Stolen food has no calories... Really.  but the staff and general feel of the bar (I love the old school jukebox!) makes it 5 stars for me."  better than many restaurants and priced right. You cant go wrong. Under new ownership but this hasn't affected quality. Great blues bar too." Good bar food. Cash only . Seat yourself first come first sere. The walnut burger was decent and had the warm chips and blue cheese dips was not bad . Very cozy place with banquet style seating. Don't waste your time - spend your money at Mickey's Tavern or Crystal Corner instead."  the tables in the main dining area are plastic. They're the exact same tables that you played beer pong on in college. I feel like The Harmony excels in spite of its dive bar atmosphere The Walnut Burger w/ blue cheese and onion rings rock. Alaskan Amber to quench the hirst. This is the first place I go when introducing new people to Madison's east side. It has a great bar atmosphere "Bartenders and clientele not as bad as a fart. Food is good. If you're looking for random stimulating conversation though  we are greeted with a gruff ""ID's?"" that oozed ""we don't  want you here."" I was of age but not planning on drinking. I'd left my ID in the car but this abhorrent ""hospitality"" was enough to make us leave and never come back. I heard from family their food has gone down in quality so I am glad I'm not missing much.  I'll continue recreating my own version of grilled cheese meets Reuben at home." Not fancy but who needs it??"  the music schedule is phenomenal. A steady supply of Madison bands (not nearly enough People Brothers Band) and other acts from around the Midwest. The vibe is always chill Five stars instead of four if only they had a fire grill and not just a flat grill."  but good). Every time I've gone it's been pretty empty and the bar feels a bit dirty (I'm a fan of dive bars but something about this one was a bit too much for me).  Maybe if it had been full I wouldn't have noticed.  While service here has been adequate some of the staff seem to have a very negative attitude towards the customers.  They are generally curt  then they'll give you a number (or not if its not busy) and bring your food to you"  we were going to remove this place off our list of places to go if the food and service wasn't' up to par and now we won't. I hope who ever owns the place now will keep an eye on the food and service so  that us old loyal customers don't give it a thumbs down. That one previous bartender in August is all it takes to start a landslide of customers who will not go back. Hopefully  she is gone or retrained to be nice. Thats all it takes." The bartenders/staff on a Friday night are outstanding. They are in to what they do and that makes a difference having someone that is attentive and friendly. good mix of tap beers (couple IPAs) and cannot go wrong with their pizza. Reasonably priced. one area of improvement when they don't have bands. let the employees be in control of the music. It can get loud in there and be nice to tune out a few loud patrons. They are probably tired of the jukebox selections anyhow. (I am :)Oh also I have seen some stingy people tip there. Come on old folks they are working hard. Change is not acceptable in this day in age!  especially if you're a fan of tequila. It's also one of the few restaurants I know that offers reward points for eating there. All in all  and the kid really likes the burgers." I only like this TGIFriday's.  Their service is very good.  I have never had to wait more then 10 minutes to get a table.  The food there is very good.  Always consistent.  I always usually order their House Sirloin-10oz.  It is always juicy and flavorful.  They always keep sodas and other drinks full and their manager always checks on you to make sure that your experience is a good one.  Keep up the good work!!! "Great food!  Prices are very reasonable for the amount you get.  Always very busy when I've been in  but not enough to hate the place. Just enough to come less frequently. I love their appetizers. The drinks are usually over priced."  this place is pretty decent." Horrible food no flavor I went with my boyfriend he had gotten the boneless buffalo chicken wings and I got the shrimp and chicken pasta and we shared the Mac and cheese appetizer bites he had a couple of bites of my food and on the way home I started feeling sick when we got home he felt the same way and turns out he's got food poising I wouldn't go here again! "Started going here in college with my roommates when they had $5 burger Tuesdays.  Yeah its a chain but they seem to do it right. Menu has the standard fare  really made our experience a great one. He was super attentive and went out of his way to make sure we were happy. Wonderful way to end a girls night with my daughters. Thank you Russ!" Too costly for what you get. 2 thumbs down."   we were informed that we couldn't have a high chair because it would impede the walkway. We were moved to a table with narrow wooden chairs. We expressed concern about using a booster chair since there was no way to secure it. The hostess basically shrugged and walked away. My granddaughter ended up sitting on her knees at the table. I will say that the food was great as always. As we were leaving "Extremely slow drink service. Each drink took about 10 minutes to get to the table. Food was just okay and after all the waiting and poor service we were given a bill of 64 dollars for one app and 4 drinks. My double skky mixer was 12 dollars. Aka a full price single simply doubled I was there last night for dinner while on a trip. The fried green beans were as good as back home and my steak was cooked just as ordered for the sizzling steak and spinach. Bartender suggested a great local beer called spotted cow and gave me a few tips on spots to ck out. Great service!  but was the salad ever bland. At least the lettuce was fresh. Paul Newman's dressing is better. Three tiny croutons on top and flavorless cheese. Meh. Shrimp seemed to have heavy flour breading  with pepper and cayenne to disguise the flour taste. I won't be going back. You want to go chain Food- I order the chicken and shrimp and he ordered the ribs and steak. The food was good for the price but was not mouthwatering." Went for lunch. Had the chicken skewers. Really good  spicy but not too. Partner had shrimp  very good he said and he's a complainer!  Server pleasant and efficient. No complaints  I'll come back...  But it won't be my first choice." Poor quality steak and ribs (the meat was tough and the flavor was blah).  The service was okay and my drinks were kept filled.  The sides were not good at all.  but good god.   Do some market research and at least make an effort to compete."  so are easy to ignore.  A packed place on weekends - so call ahead for seating or get there early!" It will be hard for me to pick something different from their menu when I go back  and not like the other wanna-bes."" Absolutely correct. And there's no need to do too much flare on the decor when they got the fantastic view of the private planes against the blue sky. I will be back for more for sure! Maybe a sunset dinner for the next time?" You'll also be interested in the proudly presented amateur photos of Air Force One from when President Obama visited Madison in Nov 2009 BUT: you can eat breakfast and watch planes take off!!1 so fun!!!! so that makes it pretty awesome."  it was quite crowded but Pat O'Malley was hard at work accommodating us as best he could. We sat at the bar and had a fantastic breakfast. Pat took the time to ask our names and he was always looking out for everyone on his staff. You should definitely place this restaurant on your list as a must do! Not to mention the ambiance/view is fabulous." Gets busy on Sunday mornings!" "Hard to find a good $100 burger (airport restaurant). Had an awesome BLT with great service and an ice tea for $10.90 plus tip. Place really hops at lunch time "Not as good overall as I had expected.Pretty average basic breakfast. OK service...Enjoyed ""aviation location""." I loved the view and would go back the next time I'm in Wisconsin." "Short review. One of the top five breakfast joints in Madison breakfast rocks here! do it!  it was close and this place did not disappoint. It is inside a flight services building but the place is really clean and a nice view of the runway.I had the BLTCE and my wife had the flying fish sandwich and both were really good. We will be back "Great morning breakfast spot. Take the kids  so call ahead or expect to spend some time looking around the building."   and the food as well.  There can be a wait so do not expect to get in an  out very fast.  I recommend trying the Jet Room." "very good food.  excellent service!  eggs benedict is the specialty here and it's excellent.  decent coffee and a great view of the tarmac Cool for watching planes especially with kids!  Solid breakfast and great atmosphere. GO TO THE JET ROOM! That is all." It's a busy place on the weekend but you'll be entertained while waiting for your table.   Plenty to look at."  excellent food! Very reasonable also. I would highly recommend to give this place a try. I had the veggie eggs Benedict on an English muffin. Fantastic! They offer dishes like salmon omlettes And there are planes!"  fun decor. Son absolutely loved watching the planes land & take off. Best moment was seeing plane land & pilot came into diner- was very cool for him. Had California Benedict which was good not great- not best Hollandaise but wasn't expecting gourmet granted. Liked fruit cup that was offered Highly suggest checking this place out if you haven't yet." all breakfast from omletes to skilets to eggs corned beef hash pancakes only had lunch here once very good burger and club sandwich kids love watching the planes come and go always have had excellent service excellent food at reasonable prices can't go wrong" "We were in Madison for a wedding and chose Pat O'Learys based off proximity and Yelp reviews. We were so glad we did! We liked it so much we came back the next morning. A unique dining experience being able to see all the small planes and hear the pilot talk among the patrons. And the first day we met both Pat and Pam as we were checking out Best part are the giant windows that let you see the private terminal tarmac of the Dane County Regional Airport. We saw three or four planes land Minus one star for no booze or high quality bloody (that I can recall)" Oh and Shannon gave us excellent service!"  that she would be back then as I have to go make salads.  Based on this experience I will never make another cross country flight to KMSN nor would I recommend anyone go out of their way to only to be treated so poorly."  the price was worth it. Our server was also great.  She brought out pancakes with a candle on top because we were celebrating a little one's birthday."  old farts up at the bar (full) and lots of older folks and families. Husband got the den and I the veggie Benedict (some reason I figured the spinach would be cooked but I still really in joyed it. Boys split 2X2X2 and loved the pancakes. Waitress checked on us couple times and our coffee was always full. The bill seemed right with what we got. This is not some cheep greasy spoon I love this place! It's so cute Inside and so fun to see all the planes while you eat! This place is always so busy so expect to wait but they have a comfy waiting area with free coffee and cookies and you can watch the planes while you wait. The menu is large and priced good. The food is amazing! The staff is so nice! -They take reservations-yessss  I ha"  but their lunch items all look really good. The crab cake benedict is really good. All their skillets are great too." "Wow! Such friendly service and that crab cake eggs Benedict is AMAZING! Once you try this place once I've been coming here since I was a kid with my grandparents. Even worked here for a little. The food is some of the best breakfast in madison and the quality of the product is top notch. The staff and ambiance is warm and inviting. Smiles everywhere. The owners are always hanging around to promote the team atmosphere and show they care. Hard find. If your ever looking for a great breakfast destination spot. It's here.  but knowing this little gem is out there  and wait staff are all awesome. Easily the best eggs Benedict I've ever had."  watching the planes go by (or the plows shovel the tarmac) is always fun!"  but seeing the planes taxiing in and out (plus cookies) made the time fly by.  Service was timely despite the full house.  Friendly staff.  We'll be back for sure." No wait this weekday morning. Amazing views. Salmon omelette was delicious. Reasonable prices. What a fun breakfast spot! Lovely view and solid food w generous portions. Pat and Pam are super friendly. Read about them in a Mary Bergin book and was delighted to finally go.  I do really like to eat here.  It has a great down to earth diner atmosphere.   And the food is well done (for what it is). I know we will be coming back here from time to time because it really is a lot of fun Great atmosphere!  At private plane side of Madison airport. Watch Air NG jets while you enjoy really good home cookin'!  Very friendly staff!  their breakfast food is the best and watching the small airport traffic and airplanes from their airstrip - side tables is a fun experience.  The prices are on part with the diner vibe and setup they have setup.  If you haven't traveled outside Madison for a visit  nothing.  We adore this place."   It is pretty classic diner.  The kitchen and waitstaff are both very efficient.  We sat at the counter and my wife said it was the best eggs benedict she'd ever had.  The wait for us was 30 minutes - apparently they take reservations too.  The scenery is general aviation.  Airplanes  but one of the really neat things about this place is the view as you wait and as you eat. Lots of small private planes  but the kiddos just love watching the airplanes go by in front of them while they eat. They each get a little cardboard toy airplane to take home with them. The servers have always been warm   but it's been hard to get the car to make that turn after a bad experience."  for a lunch spot when driving through Madison!  It is right ON the runway with a wall of windows so you can watch the planes come and go; my kids absolutely LOVED this!  We even got to see a group of Air-force jets take off from the runway right in front of us.  If that is not enough Pretty busy and the service was great. My pancake was okay but everything else was wonderful. Fun eating at a fbo Been here twice in the last month for a late breakfast early lunch.  Both the the food was really good and the service was excellent.  The kids really love to watch the planes come and go too. "Hands down one of my favorite places for breakfast. Try to go on a weekday or prepare to wait--but the wait is worth it. Good food and terrific Perfectly nice place with good food (burgers are charbroiled) and very attentive staff. Lots of windows for looking out at part of the Aldo Leopold/wooded area across the way.  and i got his attention by saying ""hey man i just need an empty glass"" then he walk past me and the empty glasses across from me takes a dudes order who just walked up and grabs a glass after helping him so he oviously heard me." "I eat there every other week if not more often.  Service has been great and one of the best club sandwichs in town.  A lot of tv's to watch the games.  Friends like the burgers  then bring the customer the item that is unlimited.  Ridiculous. Left the bar paying $7 for a small cheeseburger and still feeling incredibly hungry  any burger or the club sandwich.  Happy Hour is 2-for-1's.  I also think it runs 3-7.  Lots of TV's too" The food is ok...but the service is just bad. Either you get a woman squeezed into a junior high schooler's shirt who would rather be somewhere else OR you get a super hyper guy who thinks asking 40 questions about how your day is going is deemed good service....how about just not disappearing for 25 minutes when I need a refill?  friendly bartenders. Lots of options for tap beers and amazing cider beer on tap. Yum! Bloody Mary's were great too and can't wait to get back for the Bloody Mary bar. Overall Sunday breakfast: website says the bar opens at 8am.  Actually opens at 9am on Sunday. The service is terrible. But the bloody bar is fun and they have really good burgers.  the door leading to their outdoor smoking/patio area is obnoxious. We were trying to watch a basketball game and it seemed like every 5 minutes that dang door was slamming like a jet fighter flying by over the speed of sound. AND I was told the Boom Boom sauce was hotter than tobasco sauce NOT EVEN close haha but that is really nothing to scour at. Once again We believe in second chances and may be back again someday  fat and angry. The food is not good; NEVER ORDER THE FRIES! The crowd there  is so-so at best Was lured here on my birthday by their offer of complimentary burger and drink on that special day. Enjoyed burger which came with very good fries.Domestic tap beer and rail drinks included [not wine..] Service was attentive. All in all an above average bar and grill. Horrible service!! Got menus and drinks then after half hour and our drinks were gone and still the waitress hadn't came to get our order so we left.  She was behind the bar talking with staff most of the time while we were waiting. We're looking forward to going back! Nice place with great friendly faces behind the bar!" "The food is good but very very slow. I've been here a few times hoping that it was just a one time thing. Nope. Your order gets taken and then you wait. And wait. And wait. Once your food finally arrives Great place to hang out but unfortunately there is s thing named Lou who patrons the bar and has no problem harassing and putting his hands on women. If management would rid of this bar vermin it would be an even better place to hang out. I have been to the Silver Eagle a few times over the years and it has always been a pretty decent experience. The food is decent but the drinks are always good. Their prices are reasonable as well. It is a very casual environment and the service is always good.  clearly didn't know how to engage in conversation and had an attitude when I asked her if she could put on the Heat vs. Raptors game. It was evident she whispered something about us to another server as she immediately looked over at us. My husband wasn't even asked what he would like to drink and when he acknowledged the bartender for putting the game on she basically ignored him  and was completely expressionless. We refuse to spend our money at an establishment like this. Its no wonder the parking lot was pretty much empty! On to someplace else....thank goodness!" "Love this bar!! I'm surprised I have never reviewed this place because I have been coming here for almost 10 years! My husband gets the Silver Eagle   Burger every we come and I typically get the chicken wrap with grilled chicken. Endless fries are always available. For your birthday you get a free meal and drink for free from a mug that you get to keep. It can be hard to get a table when it is busy I cannot recommed this place for anything other than a drink bQnIKO7S-dox8eUAcSSlqQ  I would deter anyone saying that they were going to this restaurant from going." There is also a lot of booths and stuff for dining and several pool tables. Smokers may like this place because they seem to have an okay outdoor smoking area with tvs out ther and some protection from the elements." I had breakfast here and the experience was clearly better than most of the posts here but they seem to be dinner reviews. Our server was prompt and did not write down any of our four orders. The food came quickly and it was all correct and quite good. It's a little tricky to get hash browns just right. They did. We sat in back were the are four our five tables and two booths and two very nice big tvs. The bar itself had smaller tvs viewable from every stool. The separate enclosed smoking area looks awesome for a January puff. Not fancy. Far from a dive. I would go back. Cold beer.  Great homemade lunches.  Good breakfast.  Service is consistently good.  Comfortable bar.  we saw that she had entered 2 orders of baked cod. That waitress needs 2 things: some training and an order pad. We will be taking our business elsewhere." The brought burger had a hamburger patty with a broad cut in half put on top of the hamburger patty. The bun on the hamburger was very good the hamburger was very good it was just surprising that it wasn't bratwurst meat patty.  rude bartenders. In town visiting family and it's not busy for the game... they ignored me for 15 minutes while sitting right at the bar. The bloody was awful and so asked for something else... they said first thing quick and snappy... well you still have to pay for that. Customer sevice and pleasntless level ZERO. I tip well but yeah... they might get a penny." Pretty good bar food. Service sucked. Rank amateurs. Very good for a family restaurant type diner. They make you feel welcome and you can linger. I am from Chicago and it definitely reminds me of the comfortable family restaurants there.  Swiss and fresh mushrooms.  I had an excellent club sandwich made with hand carved turkey "This place is a classic 70s style diner. If you go in between 8:30 - 11 a.m it is full of retirees. The food is on the heavy side - patty melt on rye "This is the definition of a perfect family restaurant. Excellent staff It's a nice classic style mom and pop diner. Good prices for a home cooked meal. I go there about once a month for a breakfast during the lunch hour. I usually get the southwestern skillet or ham and cheese omelet.  which means that one has to go a ways out to take advantage of this place. But if I'm already awake with several hours before I have to start my day  the food was delicious and the service was excellent." Place is a classic. Greek family runs it. Food is good and the service is great. Chili os always a favorite.  and the steak fries are tasty with the house seasoned salt. If I could I would always get a burger to go Perkins with only burgers.  I got what I expected.  Good place to bring a kid.  and the crispy chicken burger is also very good non beef choice. The Towering onion rings are shareable and worth a try." The prices are a little high. Drinks and appetizers can tack on a lot. That said Drive a little further and find something better.  but that is nice when your kids are screaming!  The kids menu is nice too.  We got the bottomless fries right away and it was a cheap nice appetizer.  The freckled lemonade is the BEST!"  etc.  Then: food choices. I have nothing against red meat. Love burgers. But if you want to know why America has become the most obese country look no further. Unlimited fries with every sandwich? Really?  Bottomless rootbeer float. Oink oink. There is enough sodium in this food to melt the January ice on Lake Monona."  I have tried many other menu items which are equally good!  The bottomless fries is a nice touch too.  We come here often and have never had bad food."  as well as annoying staff. The food has nothing unique about it. I wish the fries were good so ""bottomless fries"" meant something to me. The table we sat at was REALLY close to another table (there is a row of crammed tables) and the people next to us were eavesdropping the entire time. Quite uncomfortable  but I really don't look forward to all the noise." I will be in no hurry to go back." Forget the drinks- they're ridiculously expensive."  but pretty good food." Burgers are excellent all others are ok. Just want to comment on the excellent service. They were extremely busy when we were there but everyone was polite. We had to wait for our food to arrive quite a bit but Manager came over to our table and apologized even before we could complain and made the appetizer complimentary. Problems happen but how a manager deals with it matters. Great Job..Dylan  which was that he had not made a mistake. He did make a mistake...2 in fact....customer is always right and he had brought me the wrong beverage. Waiter asked that I give the manager a break This is an inexpensive way to eat out with the family. We go here often and mostly get good service. We use their Red Royalty card to save money. Often we end up getting an entree for free! It is clean and everyone can find something they like. Managers are responsive when there is an issue. Sloooooowwwwwwwww. Couldn't believe how long it took to be served below mediocre food. The con... the service is slow.  They really need to work on the service." Typical burger and beer place.  Food is pretty good.  Service was great!  lackluster/slow service and terrible food?  No thanks RR.  We won't be back."  I don't mind when my niece and nephew act up (to say I'm not a kid person would be a great understatement). The burgers here are good with fun toppings. My go to is the A1 peppercorn burger which may rival Bob's Bad Breath Burger from the Weary Traveler when it comes to giving you bad breath afterwards. The onion bun along with the crispy onions on top definitely leaves you reaching for some gum after dinner. If you are feeling gluttonous  unfortunately both burgers have been taken off for our Birthday's. Really un-proffesional. they could have put them back on our card's. The worst Birthday burger ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  wi is horrible. Extremely rude ended up leaving before we could even order. Thank god Buffalo Wild Wings in monona wi is across the way. The friendly helpful and polite staff along with their great burgers!!!" Is good hamburger!! But my low point is for the service. We wait during 10 minutes or more and never receive any waitress. We complaint with the manager a she was very good cuatomer service!!  underwhelming food.  $15 for a meh burger?  Yup." 001 calories and fries are close to 500 calories!!! (According to my ""Lose it!"" app - they could be wrong but I also believe this is an extremely high calorie meal)"  the rest of the staff begins to believe that kind of behavior is acceptable." Love this place for lunch.  Nice folks.  Good service. I eat at the bar so I can watch sports.  BUT went once at night and discovered they have excellent and cheap Manhattans and Martinis!!!! Took my daughter and 4 1/2 year old Grandson to Red Robin last night. Arrived around 4:45 and were seated. Not many customers at the time. Sat waiting 15 minutes for a server to bring us menus. There were 5 or 6 servers standing around chatting with each other.  Finally got up and left.  Always wondered what it would be like to be invisible.  Guess I know now.  Won't be back!  it's definitely worth the try more than once." Food was good as usual and the prices are reasonable. However this time our service was horrible. After initially dropping off our food we didn't see our waiter again until he slipped the bill onto the corner of the table. Not only did I want more fries I had been sitting with an empty glass of water for awhile. Will probably be back but hope we don't have that server again. "Ordered a gourmet burger because of the endless steak fries.  The burger was tasty (BBQ) but the steak fries were delicious!  We told our server we were trying to eat before a movie  but got nothing.  Several tables right near us that arrived after us already had their drinks and put in their order with a different waitress.  On the way I stopped to tell the hostess who said ""I'm really sorry.  Have a good night"".  Very disappointed in the service Same ole Red Robin. Nothing really great or bad about it. Great place for a burger and the bottomless fries makes it worthwhile. My daughter was thrilled with her choices.  She also has bottomless fries "Saturday night.  Kids with us.  Was told a 10 minute wait that turned into 20.  Was seated in back half next to 5 tables that were used to hold dirty plates.  Poor timing of food service.  They forgot my son's ""bottomless"" order of fries...bottomless my a$&!  Then we were told to use the wireless ziosk to order a beer but the server was able to bring my Diet Coke refill?!?  Bad experience  the bathroom was dirty and the place was just kinda gross."  but you know what you get here every time!"  I find that it takes away the service part of a restaurant. I can order and pay right from there - so maybe I don't have to tip that much since all the servers do is to give me water and bring out my food."  but didn't ask our burger temperature preference (which has been done on every other visit.) And gave a bit of an eye roll when my friend ordered well done broccoli for her toddler.  We also asked that fries be brought to us as soon as possible (something else they've always done.) We didn't receive any fries until they brought our order.  Speaking of which  we gave Red Robin another try. Much better this time.  It was a busy Sunday afternoon so it took quite a while for our order.  But when it came  his bright grren underwear were in full view.  One of the last things I want a cook to do is constantly pull up his pants.  Keep your hands out of your pants Definitely a candidate when I'm back in the area for another meal." I love the food at Red Robin but their customer service sucks. When you walk in no greeting they pretty much stare at you until you speak up to them. If your looking for quality customer service this is not the place to go. Food was not the greatest and the service was extremely slow.  My husband and I ordered clam chowder with our meals and when it came out it was like milk broth.  There were no chunks of potato or clams.  The manager took the soup back and gave us a different soup.  The replacement was not the greatest in taste. The best I could say was that the manager tried to make it right by comping some of our food.  I really was hoping for good food not money off of our order. I will not be going back"  I actually counted them and it was 6 fries. I started to laugh because of what they advertise and what they bring. Burgers are awesome but lately that quality and taste is coming into question;(:("  1st time seeing them)  This place is pretty close to my place & I can see myself going more often.  There's something for everyone.  And if you are a girl Don't bother going here to watch the NFL unless you're a Packers fan.  Refused to turn up volume in a room full of Bears fans so we could actually hear the game. Ok crowd. Good place to see concerts. But stupid expensive drinks and the bartenders do not give very good service. I've downgraded this place to only a concert stop. And only then if there is nothing else going on.  the bathrooms - they should put in MORE! There were girls in the men's bathroom waiting to use the stall." No I do not work there. No I do not own anything. I am just someone who has always been treated right. I feel that when a place treats you right. You do the same."  as the atmosphere was great for the game. A bit long of a wait for typical bar food is the only drawback." yrBo3c3OTKVO4H1ttBxadw  but wouldn't make the drive back out there with the service we had." Places like this should be using mystery shoppers to test and improve their service. And this bar is in Madison  equipment etc.  In the past the food was always just bar food. Not terrible but nothing memorable.  I was really pleased that they got a new food partner.  We were there in the middle of the afternoon and the owner cooked our meals and served us.  Awesome burger and fries!  Way better than when I was here 2 years ago.  Keep the Bar Rescue guys out of this place  tater tots or sweet potato fries. The worst thing was the ""punk"" waitress. She handed us menus and then stared at us finally asking If we wanted a drink. When the food arrived we had no silverware and she acted like it was a real chore to go get us some. We had to go steal ketchup from another table. When we were half done eating she tried to clear our plates. We were literally the only ones eating at 5:30 pm on Friday night with 2 people at the bar.  No wonder no one was there "Have been to Pooley's numerous times during trips to state basketball tournaments. The experience had always been good  my FAVE cider and on tap??? Def gained an extra star for that grand idea. First time having the Kipp's Special Personal Pizza....delish! Meat lovers delight for real! Bacon. Ham. Pepperoni.  Sausage.  !!!! It was pretty darn good for less than $10. Awesome sports memorabilia surrounds you and there's plenty of TV screens to go around for every sporting event playing that day. The menu is pretty extensive and there's even a sand volleyball pit in the back. Plenty of room for parking and easy to find. I give it 4 stars only because I don't want to come to a sports bar and see little kids running around.  This is an adult playground  Pooley's gets a win because the bartenders are always kind and a few of them are pinball nuts too."  and did a great job. They should migrate somewhere else Great atmosphere for any sporting event or place to meet some friends. Large open area with plenty of seating and tv's.  tons of sports memorabilia on the walls." Atlantis was totally new to me at this visit but it's a really fun game for any level. Great art  it is B Dubs from now on to watch any sports."  you could play a little scavenger hunt and likely find your team. These things are what saved it from a one star  and games for most ages. Food was tasty service was well above average. Can't wait to go back again." Ordered side salad with blue cheese dressing turns out the blue cheese dressing was made there and they added money to it. wasn't much Blue cheese in it. Not one chunk of blue cheese was found and the serving of dressing that was with the salad very poor. Had a mushroom and Swiss burger the burger was cooked good so where the mushrooms but there was way too much grease dripping off of it that made the buns very very soggy. I've had my fair share of burgers in my time this one was probably the worst I've had in over year. The atmosphere is good and the waitress was exceptional have not tried their appetizers next time I will. There is a pool table starts pinball machines lots of TVs to be able to see the game atmosphere I would give it a five but for the food a one star. for whoever is in charge of the kitchen there they really need to watch kitchen nightmares and Hells kitchen to learn how to cook better and to become challenged just a little bit more to get good food out. Burgers are great.  The wings are off the chain.   BW3 wishes their wings were this good.  Great sauce selection too.  If that is not what you are looking for try the grilled chicken Caesar salad better than a lot of sit down places." Kipps food never fails to impress! Everything on his menu is delicious.  Teriyaki wings were SO GOOD.  they could do a bit better. Some nice local brews including New Glarus. I switched from Hopalicious to Alpha King in a bottle which I was told is very hard to get. They have drink specials every day. Mostly on certain mixed drinks and standard brews like Bud/Bud light. I had their buffalo wings where they give you 8 wings "Previous reviews were spot on with the ""not your average sports bar."". This place has an incredible amount of memorabilia and seems to be a great place to watch a sports game and throw back a few drinks (judging from the amount of Badgers fans present after the game). With that being said; the pizza that my girlfriend and I ordered was terrible! Costing $25... I was expecting something of decent quality "This is THE greatest sports bar I've ever been in. So much memorabilia to see.   Justin was our server today.  Justin was attentive and had a great personality.  Ordered chili "Weak tap beer line up.  Marginal service levels. Cluttered ""sports"" pub.  Take a look at the layers of dust on all the helmets on display - now thats impressive!  Why do people hold gatherings here?!" It's like a sports museum. Great memorabilia. Perfect place to catch a Badger game. Cold beer and good mixers. We had the wings...great homemade blue cheese. Will come back for sure. So are the wings and the chili. The nachos are okay." I've had good experiences here prior so I will not let this one cloud my judgement. I would still come back. However  I liked the memorabilia that is spread across the walls.  A nice craft beer selection and decent bar food (burgers + fries).  Although I was only visiting the area for a few days  but not unpleasantly.  Only complaint was that the fresh diced onion and grated cheese toppers were not refilled after they ran out." Bottom line: don't let the fact that it is next to a strip joint and bumps up to a pretty questionable area chase you away. If you are a diver  Pineapple Upside Down Cake kicks serious ass.  I ended up getting three of 'em and sharing round my group.  The bartender here was super friendly and very attentive." an unpretentious blue collar bar." pitchers of domestic draft beer was $5."  nice place. I like going here because it has a neighborhood bar feeling."  and comfortable for what looks like a dive bar next to a strip club. Actually was built in a self serve car wash structure. With the new owners the place now rocks out with live bands. Check it out cause you won't be disappointed."  my favorite part about this place is the incredible bands that play there several nights a week!!!! The best live music venue in town and half the time there isn't even a cover... How can you beat this?"  the line cook is the most outgoing friendly dude you'd ever meet.  They had the coolest float in the Labor Day parade which makes this the place to be in all of Urbana.  (Not an ugly one in the bunch). Pool tables 30 minutes is just too long to wait for wings and it still didn't look like my order was coming so no thanks.  inexpensive food that is pretty good.  I want to go back!" My search for a good old fashion dive in CU continues..." Good place for come back again." Cool place to hang out. Staff is very friendly and just a great neighborhood bar. Will definitely come back.  awesome drinks.   Amazing entertainment.  We just wish it was closer to our house.  My husband and I always say "Gross man!  The food is tasteless slop and will only add about five cholesterol points to your day.  Not impressed with the granny bait store either.  The service is friendly So - visit this Cracker Barrel without fear. Order Grandma's French Toast." I agree with Jessica though about the partitions.  There could be a little more space and or privacy while dining." The country store is still as good as it ever was and the people that work there are very friendly."  so there's nothing like eating country-style breakfast like Cracker Barrel! I always get the pancakes when I come here because their syrup is to die for!" You don't really go to Cracker Barrel...you just kind of end up there. Best enjoyed on road trips with family." I also like the grilled chicken tenderloins. I have those with the hashbrown casserole and pinto beans. I get the apple bran muffin instead of the corn bread. I still don't care much for their cornbread but everything else has really improved. I am so glad it has because I really like to browse the Country Store."  and apples in small amounts.  The service is friendly and efficient.  Prices are reasonable.  Decor very country.  The gift shop has lots of junk and kitsch but upon closer inspection has some items from the past that bring back memories good attentive service."  I'm quite a bit disappointed with this visit. I might give them another try at a steak at a later date.  Probably not soon. I'll stick with something i normally get like fried chicken or pot roast." "I've eaten here numerous times.  It's a favorite of our children.  The wait staff is a bit iffy sometimes  get the fried catfish plate! You won't be dissapointed." u-y1z3usKenHtOGrH5Vveg "We stop at the Cracker Barrel when we are traveling.  It has a good variety of food and serves breakfast all day which is nice.  No complaints about the quality of food and service here I like to stick to the catfish  but not amazing. The mashed potatoes and gravy were really good and so was the toast that the beef and mashed potatoes were on. I tried the cornbread and it was good This Cracker Barrel always has hot food and good service.  However this last visit like other customers my husband ordered a medium ribeye and it came to the table well done.  He is not a complainer so he did not send it back.  They need to find employees who can cook a steak!  Not that hard!  I believe of indian or Syrian decent is one of the most prejudice individuals I have ever met in my entire life.  His attitude is discussing.  Please join me in boycotting this establishment.  I will never  our food came out quickly and tasted great. You know how sometimes when food comes out really fast it tastes old like they made it earlier and waited for someone to order it? This wasn't the case. It was all piping hot and fresh. The odds were ever in our favor." Super nice staff throughout."  as always. Usually we avoid Sunday's but the turnaround was quick!" Great meal today...Lilia was a great waitress also....highly recommend! Check the website for more details" Well I have now been here 5 times over the past year. The prices still are amazing and the food is good. Service on the other hand is so so. They are very cheap with the biscuits always a favorite for the family and do have to admit I like looking around the store too."  or other large gatherings - they do events as well.  The sandwiches and burgers are very heavy and caloric.  Beer and wine selection are not huge."  darts and of course very big TV's. If you can't make it to a football game or want to watch the Illini basketball team win this is the place to go. The food is pretty good too!"  or perfect ambiance for quiet conversation and an American meal. Tons of food for the money. The parking lot is riddled with deep pot holes  and usually pretty good servers.  Lots of eye candy abounds.  My usual place to watch sports.  Former Coke bottling plant building in town  as they have CLOSED due to the emergence of downtown Champaign as the nightspot of choice (to paraphrase the News-Gazette article that announced the closure)."  but its better reheated if you let it go cold.  Hooters sauces are notoriously non-spicey (and I'm a big wuss when it comes to spice).  ""Hot"" is about medium  decidedly not great for everyone else." I don't recommend anyone go to the Champaign Hooters. Instead  they are pretty expensive."  I guarantee they will be better then what you would have spent way to much for at Hooters. I rated the noise level as quiet because my wife and I didn't make much noise. I gave it 4 [ $]  just because it so overpriced." The combination of both beer and wings from hooters makes me sick in the morning I continue to eat there for years. As always the servers fake like they care but that don't bother me as long as a get good service and I do. Plus they are easy on the eyes. I love hooters!  This however was the worst food I have ever had at any location.  The chicken was so dry and cheese sauce was hard and tasted disgusting.  thank goodness) seemed to get very agitated if she found out anyone was rooting for the other team. She actually came up to our table  but I've been there twice since moving to Champaign and it seems like their wings consistently lack any crunch  u may very well kno the setup is terrible. Even jus finding this place (located behind Hardee's)is difficult. It's as if Hooters took over a previous establishment not big in business. The bar only seats 10 with a large square room. There r only 2 Hooters signs on the building itself. If this place wants to make better business Food is just like other sports bars. Not a fan of the wings" They get a 4 star just off the buffalo chicken dpi and they are playing the pacquio fight. I'm a woman so I can't go higher than a 4.... Even if the food is bomb... A little difficult to find compared to others. Set up is a little awkward. I nearly walked past the hostess booth "Wings and buffalo shrimp were great. Fried pickles were cooked just right. Service was above average but it was a very slow night. As always The most horrible feeling I have ever felt thank you hooters for making me sad on my journey back home" Waitresses were great! Better wings than I've had at other hooters. Waitress came around offering a free margarita to critique the bartender. Best hooters ever!  plus they brought me a bud lite when I ordered a Budweiser but I know it's just so hard to keep those 2 straight. Still beats going to an over crowded crappy service Buffalo Wild Wings Worst Hooters ever! Walked out after sitting for 10 minutes - no service. Waitress standing around. Empty tables all around. Still out on the quality of the food as we're still waiting 40 minutes after ordering for 3 out 4 orders!  it really was as bad as the other reviews. Zero on Hooters philosophy on customer service. I do come here to check a little leg too  curly fries came out of the fridge. The customer assistant was so rude and she cleared the food from our table even before we finish it without asking us. When i asked why are you doing this and she replied that she has to go home. This happened at 8:30pm. We were really shocked by looking at the whole experience. We will not return to this place and never recommend to our friends. Grr." My husband and I frequent Hooters for lunch dates as often as we can.  I love the wings and he loves the grilled cheese!  We always have a blast when we visit!!  All of the waitresses we have had have been wonderful.  Our waitress last time was especially wonderful!!  Britt is a  mom and full time student as well as a hard working waitress!  She smiled and engaged us all the way through our meal.  We really appreciated her.  Five stars all of the way for Hooters Champaign.  Thank you!!  but everything else tasted like crap.  You mileage may vary." KUpdnQi16DGP54FlDWOJ6g "This has to be the friendliest Bob Evans I've been to in a very long time. From the time I walked in the door we were greeted warmly  a good travel spot for decent food."  still delicious.  We had french toast and an omelet.  Both satisfied the breakfast craving.  Service was good and fast." "A solid breakfast choice if you are in the area. While I can't recall anything being particularly amazing  because it never sits well with me afterwards.  I once ate here for breakfast before meeting with a professor Cleanest kitchen I have ever seen!  so it did it's job.  But it was one of the greasiest things I've ever eaten in my life.  Took about 15-20 minutes to get a table  the green beans were stringy & the baked potato was cold.  I have had good breakfasts here on occassion but for the most part it's just so-so.  My daughter had the pancakes with link sausage. She said the pancakes weren't the best she has ever had (she is only 9) but the sausage was good." Love the fresh dinner rolls and the orange juice."  mashed potatoes and green beans.  This Bob Evans was like the others.  Average chain service.  Good when needing something familiar :-)" Decided to try lunch to go today.  I ordered the ham & swiss grilled on sourdough and vegetable soup.  It's just OK.  The ham is a fat piece of ham but the sandwich itself was not bad.  I liked the bread and the swiss cheese.  The vegetable soup was ok but it had a lot of corn in it.  The people working at the counter were very nice and the service was speedy.  I don't feel like I should change my rating because there is nothing stellar about today's visit and quite frankly I have experienced better.  the food is good the prices are good if not comparable to most places. If you don't want to wait in line this is the place. This place was empty @ 5:30 and  it was for breakfast. I had a waffle with sausage and added a side of hash browns for a few dollars extra. The food tasted really good Everything was a bit too oily for my taste I will still give them one more try for breakfast/brunch but may be not in Urbana area." Gravy was good & workers were nice."  unless you are interested in enjoying a full sized uncooked onion as a part of your omelette."  be ready to wait in line (or sneak in the boy's room when no one is in there like I did)!  The back room has the dance floor The crowd you find that frequents Joe's consists of a lot of scantily clad sorority girls and collar popping frat guys.  If you can manage to maneuver your way through the sea of bodies in the hella hot and humid place and manage to secure a pool table "I miss this place; but only for early afternoon time on thursdays when you get fabulous service from the barkeep: frosted pint glasses and .10 most-delicious-cram-as-many-as-you-can-into-your-fat-mouth cent wings?! it's hit or miss when you go at night though; they do have a decent beer selection and $2 u-call its but I'm over the disgusting floors of Green St bars  pitchers can be as low as $4. I would imagine that if you went there in the afternoon you could have an enjoyable happy hour on the patio  and we ESPECIALLY don't want any guys listening or watching us in the bathroom.  The employees were incredibly rude and were just standing in the ladies room.  I felt extremely violated of my privacy (as any girl would) and when I confronted the employees they kicked me out.  This is not ANY way a girl should be treated  the drinks are really weak and the area is just too crowded to even move.  There are a ton of creepers on the dance floor and quite a few nefarious characters.  It's not worth it."  and it might not even be yours! Some of my best and worst college experiences come out of this place and even though I graduated this past May and have all of Chicago at my disposal "Joes was a really fun place to go... When i was 19.  Great dance floor and quite amusing watching girls try to pole dance. Nice employees. But if youre looking to get something besides a draft/bottled beer  I think the appeal is usually lost. The only plus is that they have my favorite cider (Strongbow) on tap. The service is okay and I am glad that they at least have their own beer. Their food was typical and not memorable and the beer is only okay. Given the choice  and it's leagues above Kam's. However it's a lot trashier in quality than Brother's. At least it has an outdoor section for the nicer times of the year which is a huge relief when you want to get out of the sweaty inane madness that is Joe's."  so don't bother - unless you want to pay for boxed mac&cheese that has some bacon bits tossed on top. They have a good selection of beers and sodas (be aware that it's not Pepsi *or* Coke products but RC/Dr. Pepper). I thought the draft of Bell's two-hearted complemented my Urbana veggie burger quite nicely. If they'd offered ice cream for dessert  friendly and fast. I can't comment on the late night crowd but I can see it getting rather loud and  cheese on 1/3lb burger).   The fried egg tasted like a boiled egg and I couldn't tell there was guacamole on the burger but it was okay.  They have two full pages of burgers so I'd be willing to try them again.  It's 1/2 price burgers on Tuesday nights so my meal was less than $5 so I gave them three stars for my first visit."  and the food was lukewarm by the time she served us. We had to hound her to even pay for the meals. What a horrible waitress. She really should be fired. Both our table and another table of girls never got served until the kitchen almost closed. Yikes...they really need to improve their service."  lol to the review that recommended KAM'S for a ""better time"" than Joes. Joes might have the sticky floors As long as you treat Joe's like a den of vampires (avoid after dark) "Wow....went to campus to partake in some bar hopping while the students were gone. Hardly anyone was  in the bar. We had been served by a girl with an Illini scarf and was awesome. Then....another girl took over. We ordered a diet with vodka If you really want to try this place come for half off burgers. On a Thursday. I'm thoroughly disappointed." "They've got some really great specials! We came on a Friday and got a pitcher of shandy for $6. Their burgers are good I guess i used to like clys better but they went downhill too." Classic college bar. Best thing is the 1/2 priced burgers (which they have a ton of good options of) they have 2-3 nights a week. Drinks are reasonably priced. Service Is decent. If you're not there to party with college friends or get a half off burger it's probably a good idea to find another spot in CU! Solid drinking establishment!"  but the night life there is pretty fun. But only go there late if your planning on getting wild. The drinks are mediocre."  loved the Mac and cheese as an upgrade. However today's visit had a special friend attend with us. Spotted a cockroach crawling on the wall. So much for the green health inspection sign on the door! Needless to say we won't be back anytime soon." Oh my god. Where can I start with this place? It is the greatest creation ever. This bar alone has changed humanity. I had the craziest adventure of my life at this establishment.  but it's a great spot for good food. Farren's was my favorite burger until I tried the Ragin' Cajun. Even the fries were on point and I typically hate fries. I wasn't even drunk and this meal was like a religious experience. The Bob Marley burger has some awesome stuff going on as well "One of the worst bars on campus. The place gets super crowded and the music is deafening. If you like not being able to move  go to Seven Saints or Destihl. If you're more of looking for a place with a college atmosphere  you can get a side of mac and cheese and let me tell you it is in the top three mac and cheeses offered in the Chambana area. If you can get over the fact that you are eating at Joe's  and it's really the kind of meal you should eat only half of and bring the rest home as leftovers. I've had most of the burgers without mushrooms. The Bob Marley "Joe's let's the major of Champaign personally come and raid the bar and give people tickets. It's not so much a diss on Joe's but the fact that the major actually thinks this is a huge issue. Like there are much worse things going on at this campus than this. If this major didn't have a beer before she was twenty one  you can still smell the stale beer that has surely soaked into the wood work at this point. Who knew this place had such great lunch! Lots of awesome ingredients from guacamole It's easy to get bored."  my girlfriend and I  saw a roach crawling on a counter for drinks while eating SO DISGUSTING" fantastic scenery! the service is incredible! all yah need is a beer and a mother egging bro An overall 5.5 stars. hellz yeah."  but not good enough to put up with that crap ever again." i cannot attest for the sports bar side of things but i really liked the food for lunch... the serivce was good and quick... compared to alot of the places in the area i found the food quality pretty high by lunch standards... i will definatly go back... maybe even to watch some sport next time...  fun atmosphere. it can be crowded! for pure sports event viewing  it absolutely rocks after Suns or D-Backs games.  The place is typically packed and it's not uncommon to find local or visiting athletes sipping beers on the narrow sidewalk patio.  The bartenders are personable and charming and it's not unusual for one of them to grab the mic and wander the restaurant singing karaoke (and singing it well).  The spontaneity of patrons singing duets with the bartender or serenading their dates to late-'80s pop ballads makes for a great party-like atmosphere."  but it does get really crowded fast so if you really wanted to come here move fast after the game is over because this place is small!" HOT TIP: A second Majerle's will be opening in Chandler in the fall." was there for week one of the NFL and it wasn't as crowded as i thought it would be.  maybe it was because AZ played monday night.  we were able to get a table right away.  decent amount of tv flat screens everywhere.  good selection of food and drinks.  located in close proximity to US Airways Center and Chase Field. -  A little on the small side...even with the back room its small for a sports bar  (This seems to be an ongoing thing here...cram as many tables as possible into once place "  but one time I was here eating a salad at the bar and Thunder Dan himself came up and asked how I was enjoying everything.  Very outgoing and friendly guy My girl Jacqui liked her entree."  but everything else on the menu seems to be just adequete. One thing I can count on is them always being open until at least midnight and having decent food. You can also count on being harassed by bike taxi guys and hobos out front  but not somewhere that warrants a special trip. I'll have to check it out before a game sometime to get the full effect." Place blows.  So many other great places in the East Valley to visit with your hard earned dollar.  Vote elsewhere."  and single ladies should definitely be here for happy hour - lots of men!  Probably married men let out for a few hours on a weekend....but men nonetheless!  And for the fellas  but it's a nice place to hangout to watch sports." "Last night was my first time at Majerle's and it will probably be my last. It is just your typical sports bar  but I definitely wouldn't choose over 15-20 other places in a 5-mile radius that have great food This is not really a kid-friendly environment but there is nothing to suggest they shouldn't attend. Because the bar is more intertwined with the restaurant and the waitresses are usually minimally dressed Didn't have a bite of food so I can't comment on that.  But I did have a hell of a time and next time I can stay out late on a Tuesday (not nearly as often as I'd like) I will definitely be back!!"  but the exposed brick lends a time-worn atmosphere to this cozy sports bar.  $16 just isn't worth it though. Too many other bars in the vicinity to waste your time."  this is such an easy place to hit on a light rail pub crawl or before or after a game or concert  and thinly sliced corned beef gets you to that point where you food coma out after your lunch break and make for a very unproductive end of the workday in downtown Phoenix.  Go Warriors!!!" I've been the Majerle's before this visit was very nice and I would definitely come back...will come back this time with an appetite." At this point I was so annoyed and tired and wanted to leave.  I asked for the check when she finally walked by a few minutes later (she never came by to ask how anything was).  I didn't even want to bother complaining and waiting to get more food.  After a long day  but I wouldn't ever go out of my way for it though." Drinking here can get pricey; i usually only drink here during happy hour when things are cheap.  They have a bunch of tv's and offer specials during MNF too."  I am watching my figure.) I liked it. I liked it more than I thought I would since it's a sports bar. And it wasn't any more expensive than any other sports bar. I really liked the exposed brick walls that echoed stories from bygone years and sighed in relief that the wrecking ball never came. Thank you to Majerle's for having vision and bringing value to downtown Phoenix."  I was glad I didn't have to pay.  $60+ to ""enjoy"" conversation with a tool and overpriced food and drinks.  Sometimes it's good to be a girl..."  a vodka tonic with 1/2 club soda. an obnoxious drink? sure. but so what? our absolutely awesome server didn't show the slightest bit of annoyance toward me or my drink order.  she was genuinely sweet. i appreciate that. as far as the food and drink  one of my friend had to go to get the waiter. My meal was not put in the system. He never came to apologize. When everyone was more than 1/2 way finished with their meals  perhaps I'll try it again. Probably Not." "This is a great place for out-of-towners to catch their sports teams in action. Bar selection was great. Friendly servers are all attentive and very good for menu recommendations. Thoroughly enjoyed myself  reasonably priced and served with a smile.  Good for a beer and a sandwich while watching a game." "I stopped into the downtown location of Majerle's while in Phoenix on business.  The food was good but nothing to write home to mom about as it was just your typical bar grub.  However It's always fun for us huge Suns fans to stop in there before or after the games to see some players and coaches I'm only commenting this place as a bar and not on its food.  I don't think this would be in my top twenty of choices to eat at with so many other great dining choices nearby.  Only come here for the scene and the drinks  only the bartender and we could see other servers in the back walking around. It's not like they were busy. After sitting there for a few minutes The food is overpriced and so are the drinks. The atmosphere is not casual and the place is not very inviting. The hostess was not friendly and neither was the staff inside. I did not enjoy coming to this place and I don't think I'll be returning.  but the wings are on special during football [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kHpXJ2vciumu2KhNHg0hYA?select=8PgwEaa1nqdCt9c0zP3tBQ]!"  most of their ""servers"" seem to lack a pulse...something that should be manditory for the position. how these people survive on tips is beyond me...americans are just generous people i guess." Great atmosphere.  Awful food.  Everyone looked like they were working hard to make everyone happy.  Except maybe the cooks.  The food was gross.  Good Ranch dressing and fries though.  Thank goodness.  chicken and something else).  The place was empty and the waitress was actually bothered we had chosen to eat dinner in her section.  To make a long story short - I got sick that night with some type of food poisoning and spent the next 12 hours trying to sleep between throwing up and running a fever.  Will definitely never go back." Here's the downfall. Food didn't look appetizing. Generic food that looks as if it came from a frozen box and was heated in a microwave. Wouldn't be surprised. I would stay away from there drink specials. It may be cheap but thats because there's no alcohol! My friend ordered a blue hurricane for $4 but asked for a shot for it since there was no hint of alcohol whatsoever. With the shot it came out to $12. So much for drink specials. They ordered another drink special in hopes it would be better. Fail. Sad to say but they returned it. Stick with beer. You can't go wrong with the flavor and amount of alcohol in it"  and really tasty bar food. The cotton club room is the best!" Ridiculous expensive drink prices...$16 for a double tall vodka soda. The manager is an A$$. Flip side...cute cocktail waitresses.  this place is great. The back room has huge leather booths. The outdoor seating is nice too--it can get a little wild after the events let loose."  and we usually eat dinner near the arena before games.   Needless to say I was so disappointed. The food was not great and while we were eating a HUGE roach went crawling up the brick wall next to our table.  I couldn't finish my dinner and I hightailed it outa there!!! Never ever been back!!!"  but for the most part typical sports bar grub. The service was outstanding!! The best I have had ina long time.... Well worth the visit..." My office has had several private parties at this location. They have two areas where you can throw parties. My favorite is the Cotton Room. It is a private room that is very hip also. sangria was weak. it was juice." "I went here today for lunch and thought that it was alright. The place is much bigger than it looks from outside and has pretty cool decorations for a sports bar. The food was just alright. We got the gorilla wings with garlic and chili sauce and they were very good. They had a crispy skin and the sauce was mild but tasty. I had the sir charles chicken sandwich and it was really dry. There was too much bread and not much sauce on it. It was a very generic chicken sandwich and I would not order it again. I guess if you are looking for a sports bar "Normal bar food late night menu. Went there after a basketball game to grab a burger. The atmosphere was nice and the bathrooms are clean. I have had drinks there a couple times too and the small  I also had a chicken sandwich which was great and fullfilling.  The waitress remembered what we drank so that was great.  I was with a large group of people and the staff at Majerle's took care of everyone really well.    The Strawberry Fields Salad looks really good as well  burgers etc..TV's..alcohol..indoor/outdoor seating..good service. Went during my lunch hour so speediness in the kitchen counts and food came out quickly and was pretty tasty. This place is prob best for lunch and after work drinks/snacks not sure about dinner. Was hard to sit at a bar on my lunch hour and not order a drink..i have decided taking me to a bar on my lunch hour is not such a good idea. Will have to check this place out for an after work drink sometime and see what its like and maybe up my stars on it." "Thought I would try Majerle's Sports Grill for lunch. I haven't been there in about 12 years. I've always liked the atmosphere and it's still nice. Sat at the bar and based on the reviews I've read  will come through. Its fun to watch him grope the female servers (please tip those girls well!). I'd suggest it for smaller games and for nights when there is no game "I liked this place a lot. I came in after a game and sat for a while having a few beers waiting for a friend to show up.  I had a really good Reuben sandwich.  The crowd was pretty friendly   Nice kinda upscale restaurant / sports bar.  Not sure how many more times I will be back in Phoenix Az but if I do 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ Good place to watch a game but the food is terrible.  Went there about four times and had to send the food back every time because it was cold! The happy hour looked nice but was not valid during event nights  all at a very reasonable price. Beer menu was slightly lacking in my opinion. Service was attentive and friendly too I always enjoy the music at Marjele's and of course whatever game is on.  Marjele's has a nice vibe so if you haven't been or  you're looking for your next bar Seems like a nice place to relax when downtown. Would I drive here just for Majerle's? Nope. Would I pop in if downtown wanting a drink or some food? For sure."  but I think I would only go back to drink alcohol." Just a few blocks from Chase field & US airway arena. Great beer selections and specials. I recommend the chicken wings.  slightly breaded and fried. The crunch on the shrimp is amazing. And then they are coated with just the right amount of buffalo sauce. The only downside is that you only get about 6 to an order. The loaded potato skins are very good also."  but this is definitely one of my choices when I'm looking for a sports bar before or after the game in Downtown Phoenix." 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ "Stopped in for happy hour and had a couple beers and gorilla wings.  Pros: the wings were big and delicious Great service & yummy food. Enjoyed watching the game while there. Fun atmosphere!  and watch ufc. the food was great. drinks are good. the prices were a tad higher but nothing that bad.  great place to watch ufc or football. we went there for ufc and the asu vs au game was that night." Hamburger bun too big and should be toasted. Meat patty too big for bun and not enough flavor.   Fun and great service  most establishments will validate your parking if they do not provide parking and your only option is to use the parking garage. I paid $12 to park in the parking garbage situated adjacent to Merle's and was advised upon arrival that they do not validate parking. I was also advised that the entrance for the MLK celebration was a block down on Washington??? That was a little weird for me especially during a MLK celebration....what are we in the 50's where blacks enter from the back???? That did not sit well with me. Another  issues I had with this place was the DJ. He came over and introduced himself as the DJ from Chicago. He was by far the worst DJ I have ever heard. The music was from one extreme to the other. There was skipping and long pauses between songs. I think Connor Cruise (Tom Cruise's son) would have done a better job. Lastly  still got excellent service. Very friendly waitress and bartenders. Drinks came fast and good times were had. Decent menu  but this past weekend the service was AWEFUL!  I would think a place like this would be used to busy crowds.  The food is great yum yum yum burger.... enough said! Drinks are average in price."  this place was awesome and I would just go back SPECIFICALLY for the salad  nothing special. But the food is great. I would be a repeat customer of I lived in Phoenix!" The only downside is when it got busier we were a bit ignored by our waitress. Took several tries to get her to come over. Other than that  other then being owned by Dan Majerle. Nice location Always have a great time here.. attentive staff. Good drinks and fun. Nothing else is necessary 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ  I will rely on Marjele's to feed me since they are one of the few restaurants who stay open on Sundays. Mareje's provides solid food. Food that you will know what you're getting yourself into before you get there. They also have several TVs and always provide quick and friendly service." We love this place!!! The food and Service were great.  Nicole at the Avondale location is the best!!! We love her.  and so very dark. It was kind of a mood killer. They do have a patio but didn't have the misters on and weren't serving out there. With all the beautiful weather we get in Arizona Very mediocre food when surrounded by a lot of great options.  I can't believe the food network came here?!"  and drinks are expensive. On top of that the crowd is pretty crappy unless you like washed up jocks acting like they own the town. If that's your thing "Good service and location "i had a great time here; waitresses/service was good- no complaints! i had a burger which tasted straight from a grill n homemade Good place for a beer. Excellent boneless wings. Probably fun pre or post game. Otherwise  but all in all was just a typical sports bar with barfood. If that's what you're looking for and give it a shot. But if you're looking for a little bit more of a great dining experience I would look somewhere else locally."  and the waitress made sure to let us know after we sat down that we had to go to the bar to order our drinks as she was off duty. And...my vodka soda tasted like water."  lots of TVs.... and great happyhour specials!" "Watched Game 1 of the World Series here and had a great time  but not overbearing.  Our server was really nice.  I'd be much more interested exploring the other dining options that are available in the area instead of returning to Majerles next time I'm in Phoenix." Great sports bar in downtown Phoenix!  The servers are amazing too!  Great place to have a beer and watch sports on TV.  but other than that I like the food. The chicken sandwich and the fries are great." Great service..great food...very fast! I've never had to ask for a refill of my water.  Our order has always been correct.  (My husband and I are notorious for substitutions.)  The hostess and waitresses are always friendly too." food is good and atmosphere is great.actually got to meet thunder Dan and do shots with him wich was pretty unreal.its a sports bar so don't come here expecting anything more than bar type food" "Stopped in for a bite to eat before catching a game at Chase stadium.  I would give the service 4-stars Went here after a baseball game for late night happy hour. I had a couple of beers and an appetizer. The staff was very helpful. A nice little place to get a brew After a game on Phoenix.  came to our table. We just got up and left. For a place supposedly owned by a former Phoenix Sun  she proceeded to tell us that we were wrong and this is what we ordered.  Kids have been waiting almost 35 minutes for the food now.  We had the manager come over.  He apologized for the error and waited on us the rest of the visit. Food was good Yea a pretty good sports bar.  Nice staff and good wings (been there only once).  There's a front bar and a rear bar for overflow.  so I imagine if you like a bud light and a bar to sit around and watch whatever sports there is going on  the light rail is a stone's throw away. Sometimes I need a solid sports bar to drink a domestic and yell at a screen with the guys. Downtown doesn't offer too many options for that  which I think was 5-7...my daughter and I had several of the $6 appetizers and my husband had the ragin' Cajun chicken sandwich which was so huge that at first he thought it was battered but was actually a lot of seasoning. Overall  remember if like something besides catsup on your sandwiches you'd better ask  nothing less. Had chicken soft tacos. Burgers looked good. Tried some chips and salsa too. Read other  reviews about customer service...spot on. Our party had lots of food left on the table when we left. Coworkers gave it a 'meh' as well. No need to return ever again." 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ  I had a great time there and the bartenders were all very friendly and attentive." Majerle's is a great place to hang out and watch sports or to grab a quick bite. There are other grills with better food  the waitress basically sauntered over and asked us ""Whatdoyouwant?"" Then proceeded to get our order wrong (beef burgers instead of veggie burgers).  Taken together  she apologized for everything. :/" "Friendly staff and very attentive. So far  the food and the service are always good. The prices have always been reasonable."  Majerle's is the slam dunk watering hole in downtown on a game night. Check it out!"  excellent service from the hostess to the waiters! Attentive  "If I deducted a star for each 'f-bomb' I heard from your bar staff you'd owe me 6 stars. If staff is comfortable acting like this when no management is around it makes me curious as to what else could be happening Another coworker got this tuna crossiant sandwhich...next time I'll try that. She didn't like the swiss cheese that was on it but said it was very delicious. As we left the place was packed! Well inside  so most likely will not be revisited unless the crew decides it's a must do. Sitting outside is nice but the speakers are annoying. Cut them off or fix them."  but the service was subpar. Given that it's a well known restaurant and a highlight in the downtown area  but the 5 stars go to their Rueben!  Best Rueben I've had!"  and the buns they use are like the Hawaiian dinner rolls everyone eats at Thanksgiving.... The meat is really good too. my favorite burger now. Check my other posts to see that I don't say that about everything."  we decided to leave. I am honest and I wanted to pay for the 2 beers... 10 minutes to get the change! The server came to me ""Why didn't you wait 5 more minutes? Your food was ready..."" Yeah right. The manager? Obviously more preoccupied to make the pretty servers laugh... Pathetic and unprofessional." Food was amazing! I don't eat red meat and they made me a special chicken burger with cajun avocado!! So fulfilling! "HUGE disappointment!!!! Stopped for a quick dinner before a show. Ordered 2 burgers medium. They came out extremely well done & the buns were hard & dry. The waitress took them back to the kitchen & returned with 2 more well done burgers! What the heck?! When we told her (& showed her)  and I would recommend they change this highlighted item to something else." "The service was fairly fast despite it being Comicon weekend. and the ""Garbage Burger"" was great.  The service was also very good.  My one complaint was the total chaos upon entering.   The hostess was overwhelmed." Ducked in just to find a cool place to sit and a bite to eat. The efficient waitress brought out the BEST burger I've ever had.  And I've eaten lots if burgers in my 54 years.  A big juicy patty on a sweet Hawaiian style bun. They had a couple of burgers but I don't remember this one's name-- All Star Burger?  Anyway it was a great experience. Thunder Dan better get back to his restaurant and read the reviews. I may not be back." "Thunder Dan... Get down here and teach your staff some hustle! Or maybe just some courtesy. A waitress (""Cheeky"") seemed annoyed by our presence. Turns out she just wanted to chat to a group of her friends at the bar. When the place is this empty (past midnight) This place has amazing cheap drinks on happy hour and amazing fries. Our server (arias) was more then pleasant I will definitely come here again in the future.  we had the Rojo Diablo with sweet potato fries and the All Star burger with real fries. Both sandwiches were very tasty and the fries are thin cut and just the right amount of crunchy." We were looking for a casual place on a Sunday night. This place was great! Plenty of TVs and the hot wings were awesome! Great place to go for something to eat after being downtown either for a game or concert. Waiters Waitresses and Bartender's are polite and show good manners. When it is really busy service can be slow but prices are reasonable and food is good. If you are close by stop in and check it out for yourself. Nachos are chips with Taco Bell meat and obvious nacho cheese from a pump. The beer selection is weak at best. Noisy and the atmosphere is more dive bar than lounge. Will avoid in the future.  and this place is on my list to come back to every time!" The customer service was great! They messed up our order twice but we got a free beer and free order of fries so  it was delicious! I had a fantastic quesadilla- one of the best i have had since living in Phoenix and a few other awesome apps- this place was packed and had a great fun atmosphere- i would def come back!" "Worst service I've ever had (literally). Spent $400 at the bar and it never got any better. Excuses included: ""we're too busy right now so you're going to have to wait""; ""why are you still here?""; ""I'm sorry it's taking so long but we're really busy right now."" And that's just a couple explanations. Decent food  however since we were unable to get tickets at the asinine ticket prices we opted to try and stay for the game. Manager Amy not only made sure we were comfortable but navigated a difficult reservation list to find us a spot. We also witnessed her handle SEVERAL very difficult (and honestly pretty abhorrent) escalated customers with grace. Food was excellent  and was going to try and maybe negotiate the bill down some with the manager.  Next words out of his mouth were either pay it or I'm calling the cops I would never go back the food quality was poor and the service was even worse. Go to Hooters for a fantastic buffalo chicken sandwich."  if they don't check milk expiration dates and freshness what else do they overlook?"  was friendly and attentive. Had the French Dip for lunch. It was awful.  The beef was rubbery and had an off flavor. The au jus was flavorless.  I tried to perk it up with black pepper Pretty decent sports bar.  We stopped  in to watch the fight this weekend and even though there was a hefty cover charge we decided to get a table.  The night turned out to be pretty pricey but we enjoyed ourselves.  Food was ok we enjoyed the sliders and nachos were just meh.  Our drinks were great and our server was busy but kept  everyone happy.  We were seated in a weird section called the Cotton Club? which reminded us of a strip club area kinda funny it doesn't fit in with the rest of the place but maybe there's some story behind it?  Anyway glad we stopped in.  cool bartenders and a decent selection of local drafts. Staff is attentive yet laid back at the same time. I've been here three times this week on a four day trip!" Found this place on Yelp while visiting AZ. My hubby is a simple eater so I figured this place would have something he would eat. I got the slam dunk shrimp. BOMB. I got half chili garlic pepper and half buffalo. The Potato Skins were great.  Nice and soft.  Drinks were good..I got the Vegas Margarita. Great experience.  not great.  Majerle's really isn't my thing as I'm not a sports guy but that's not their fault.  Had a pretty good chicken sandwich and a good Teriyaki chicken bowl (seriously).  Seems a little boring of an atmosphere compared to everything else on that street but it's a relief from the same ol' Scottsdale EDM thing if that's what you're looking for."  we told the hostess that there 3 of us. She didn't even acknowledge that we had spoken and instead just walked inside expecting us to follow her in. She could have said ""okay follow me right inside."" How simple would that have been? It just rubbed me the wrong way. Then This will definitely be our go-to for games and drinks."  the other was very mad that we wanted to order our drinks before happy hour ended."  burger wasnt great. Not much flavor and a dry bun. The reason for the low rating vs average was because of 2 things. One of the waiters dropped a cup that had the liquid flying all over us. She looked at us and didnt say a thing and acted like nothing happened. Second Good food n service go here for your food during conventions n sports If you are debating about going here or TK I would absolutely positively go to this joint! Go Suns!" "Great service and even better food. Checked this spot out on a Sunday afternoon and it was well worth it. Great music playing and the ambience was chill. Ordered nachos and gorilla wings (delish). Got a house wine and LIT  and Arnold palmers. I was satisfied and the service was good for being packed. They have great music videos playing and sports all round."  had drinks and food before we got drinks.  The groups were leaving when we finally got our food.   NOT happy with today's service and the fact we sat there for sometime without service.  Food was good  especially the vegetables that came with it. The service was great & I would definitely return here again if I'm ever in town!"  still no condiments but our regular server did stop by and we had to again ask for the condiments. What server doesn't automatically bring those condiments to a table full of people who will no doubt need them?! Seriously it's just common sense. I was not particularly enthused about my visit and  laid back bar. The staff is extremely nice and that alone would have made this a wonderful trip. I had a few liquid marijuana shots and an order of their cheese fries. Both were good." Enjoyed the rueben sandwich again today at lunch. The frequent customer punch card is a pretty decent deal too.  but overall it was good. I ordered the brownie to-go for desert...what a waste of money. $6.50 (which is fairly cheap) for hard little brownie squares that I couldn't even chew  knowing it wouldn't be crowded. Service from Olivia was excellent; she kept our beverages filled and otherwise checked back often without being intrusive. Food arrived much faster than anticipated It was a great spot for some quick delicious food and beers prior to heading to a D-Backs game! Food was cold and took over an hour to come out. They forgot half of our order and we had to walk up to the kitchen to remind them. AWFUL SERVICE - terrible place  and the cookie dessert was to die for. Choose this place!"  not busy. Ordered reuben. As far as Reubens go it was ok but they don't have slaw. Who doesn't have slaw with a reuben.  Also  you can often find parking at the meters right around the viscinity. Otherwise  and the food was good." "We went on a Monday night (6:30) during a business trip...my favorite place in Phoenix!!!! Great food  which is why it's getting any stars. The experience itself was awful! Every person working there should be fired! Even the couple sitting next to us came over on their way out to ask how our server was! They wrote her ""comment"" on their bill. Lol . If your desperate for food while downtown then go for it You have a choice of bars in Downtown - DON'T make it Majerle's." Great spot for downtown Phoenix sports.  Stopped in with about 40 of our friends to pregame before the Cactus bowl.  Had a great experience!  Ryan totally hooked us up with great tables.  Service was good for the crazy amount of fans in the place. Service was slow slow slow. Return visits from the waitress was non existent. This would of been a 5 Star if service was prompt." If you're looking for a fun downtown bar to watch your favorite sporting event at  plus no explanation from the server she just dropped the food off and left. Haven't been able to get her name because she isn't around long enough to ask!" We were seated right away but it was only 6pm. The service was excellent and the atmosphere was lively with chatter and tv. They also have outdoor seating which will be a great option once it gets a little warmer." Service was good and ended the trip with a good hefty meal."  as are the prices. I especially like that they have burger substitute options... the turkey patty is amazing! Lots of TVs (for sports Pretty chill place. Good views of tv's. Likely to recommend to watch a good game. Go Avs! We enjoyed our lunch. Burger was good. Reuben was excellent. French dip was pretty good. Shoestring fries were yummy. Nachos were good but not one bit warm. Service wasn't very good. We had to ask for iced tea refills. Never got water refills. Never got asked if we wanted 2nd bar beverages. Server brought ticket without asking if we wanted anything else.  and the drinks are so weak I feel like I'm drinking lemonade. I hear the beers are full tilt  best I've ever had. Fairly decent place and been around for years." This will be my go to spot when I am in town." "Never had any real luck with this place and I've been to a few of them through out the valley. Stopped in the other night before the last Suns game and ordered a chicken sandwich. It was pretty good but found a giant blonde hair in my sandwich half way into my meal. I thought it was a long string of cheese "Had an excellent burger that was served to me quickly. Manager was very nice when he stopped to check in on my meal "Decent place that had a lot of hype. Food was decent. A step above traditional bar food. The drinks were stiff and fairly priced. The place was kind of dirty and didn't have the best atmosphere. Decent to stop for a drink and an appetizer  it made it the obvious choice. I must say that the service was excellent and the manager had no problem of switching the TV channel to the game I wanted to see. I picked a local draft beer off the menu with the gorilla wings and a basket of fries. The hot sauce was good but the wings were dry and the fries (string fries) tasted like the Walmart frozen fries that cost less than a buck! So  they need more of a selection!! The roll they use for the burgers are awful! Who wants a roll bigger than their burger? They have really gone down hill."  as are the cocktails. I go here after or before suns and diamondback games almost entirely for convenience. The sliders are pretty good qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg  like the old-school ""Bad word"" jars when you cussed.  The waitresses should be able to just walk over and hold out the ""Bad comment"" jar and make them pay up.  Guaranteed ""he got caught"" standing ovation from everyone in surrounding tables.  It's a thought..." "Its been years since i came to this hooters.  i used to go here every time i visited my sister in AZ or my friend a ASU.  South Park Wednesdays were the best. 25 cent wings  a Hooters with actually good looking women to cater to my needs.  Great place to catch play off basketball.  The wings were plentiful and the beers kept flowing.  My waitress flaked on me because a group at another table kept drawing her attention while i waited anxiously for my food as it sat at the window for quite a bit.  Other than that  and the drinks extremely ""well measured"" meaning they are not strong. Hence why I can drink 12 margaritas in a 6 hour period and still be coherent. They sure charge for them like they are doubles though. There are a few girls working here who are very attractive and friendly (not to sound like a dirty old man  I felt like I have had terribly slow carry out service. Waiting forever for someone to take my order  so I cannot comment on their selection.  I can say that I frequent this Hooters a few times a week.  It is a great place to unwind and the location is amazing.  This is the perfect time of year to sit on the patio!"  I will say this - DO NOT bring your kids here.  Nothing says classy good parenting like hooters - there is a reason there isnt a kids menu." I agree with Kimberly. Hooters is hooters. However I disagree with her rating! LOVE THIS PLACE!" Your tater tots were good and my blue moon was reasonably priced. At least you have that going for you." It was odd for me to see a kid's birthday party in the restaurant on Sunday This is my last Hooters review. The only reason I'm writing about this one too is the service or shall I say the friendlyness here was left outside the door. With 5 other guys after a Cubs vs. Diamondbacks game and we were respectful but just didn't understand the cold shoulders form these girls. It was awhile ago and I'm sure it's not the same wait staff. I'll give this one another try if I go back and see another Cubs & Diamondbacks game. "Stay away from this hooters. Bad food KuSP1Mb3xq2Qbmk1n_-ZjA The service here blows. That is all!  and the girls act all put out when we point out that no one ordered half of the bill that they're trying to charge us for.  Keep an eye out on that receipt." Regardless - parking issues aside - a really fun time with a good group of friends.  A good spot to hit before a movie or another bar!"  I love Hooters wings when done the way I like - this Hooters does not listen to you during the take out call.  Asked for extra crispy wings; got extra soggy!  I know you get what you pay for "Overpriced food with shady looking waitresses. This antiquated concept chain needs to go away. If you want to look at boobs We went there to get some good chicken wings and the big problem was that they were cold! I have had better chicken wings in other Hooters.  the beer is over-priced and now most of the girls are not even hot anymore.  Additionally it didn't help that our server was new and didn't smile or look happy to be there at all.  We pretty much had to beg her to smile at least a little.  Don't think i'll be going to a Hooters again for a while  bonne cuisine americaine et surtout pour les garons...jolies serveuses en minishort orange trs charmantes" The bottom line is that you go to hooters for the sports  I sat inside first and went unnoticed for 10 minutes. Then a fight broke out so I moved to the outside bar where there was no bartender. Twenty minutes in I was getting up to leave when waitress finally asked if I wanted a beer We came here a lot last fall/winter to catch football and hockey games due to our lacking of a television in our house. Basically any sporting event you can imagine will be playing on one of their many flat screens!"  service is always efficient and available.  I always have the buffalo chicken sandwich which never fails to satisfy my bar food craving." qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg  but this hooters definitely makes it worth the trip."  service stops once you get your food." Decent wait staff and the food is okay. Not the best Hooters but definitely not the worst.  had to ask. Food was mediocre and so was the lemonade. Stick to the wings and beer and you'll be fine. Service was very slow on our second trip but they were busy. She made up for it later. Would I go back? Yeah. But just because it's Hooters." "Waitstaff suck... Unless you have testicles. I love Hooters wings  shortly after this review and was pleased with the results of our conversation. Since the Up-sale was really the only issue  beer and young girls in 80's style outfits. Is what it is."  you'll get the same food and beer at every location. They have a great happy hour and not so great food. Good eye candy All the servers that work here are very sweet and friendly." qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg  and you get a girl that is tan "Me and some friends wanted to get some lunch and decided to head over at this location. This was my first time there. We walked in and nobody greeted us at the entrance and we decided to walk over to one of the open tables. We sat down and waited for about 20 minutes for a server to come by and finally stopped one of the servers. I noticed that there were one bartender and two servers. The server told us that someone will be with us shortly. We were ok with that but it was not busy at all. then after another 15 minutes or so  just super attentive and on point. the only slightly-annoying-but-not-a-huge deal issue was that I had  my table and was there for over an hour watching the fights. Once teh place started to fill up Just watched a guy in a SF Giants cap flip burgers with his glove. Gross.  i was brought over 4 sliders that were the size of meatballs. they were all medium well to well done and they were served dry. yes "I don't know what happen to Hooters? My roommate in college use to work for one in Houston so I have frequent Hooters a time or hundred in my life. The quality of the product has no integrity it is so nasty  this location is pretty good. I hope I didn't jinx myself with this review :)"  they wouldn't have gotten any. The beer was good and cold...like it was posed to be. The place was LOUD too...which actually worked in my favor and helped to distract my kid. Other than that  no apology given and no arguement from said waitress when all 5 of us got up and left (despite having a fresh bottle of beer delivered to the table). Ding! Ding! Ding! Probably means that this is not a singular occurrence... Do not go! :(  #gross" My party and I finished eating our food and the wings had not even come out. I had to ask for them twice and the last time I asked for them to go. I didn't even get to eat them at the restaurant. Worst of all no one apologized for the delay or for anything. Possibly the worse service ever. I will never ever go to a Hooters again. I can find better wings and service else where. So if you want to eat good wings and bad service then go for it. Should of been a zero star rating." I cum to this Hooters whenever I'm in Phoenix.  Close to hotels and Starbucks. Last time I went I had a sliver in my index finger from climbing a palm tree and falling. Our server didn't have tweezers but summoned her inner MacGyver and took it out for me using a staple. That itself is worth 3  stars. Food is what you  expect from this chain. Go for the wings and to watch some games. Worry less about the service and you'll be fine." Never going to any Hooters again. 1) Flat Ass everywhere. Eat some of the wings and do some squats. 2) They increased the price of the endless wings for the new year yet the wings got smaller. The manager said that it is because they are being charged more. They might want to think about changing suppliers then. 3) To charge for every ranch dressing is asinine. We asked for one ranch each and she brought us a ranch every time we got our next plate of six tiny wings. Never did our server Ashlea tell us we were going to have to pay for each ranch that we did not even ask for. At least the beer was good and at a decent price. I think we will stick to Zipps! I will never go back here.    Didn't like the service or lack there of or the food." I'm not sure I'll come back often as it's really not my scene but I was honestly surprised it was as good as it was."  while another waitress sat with a couple of guys. We waited for about 20 minutes and still not one of the waitresses offered us water or any kind of service. I raised my hand hoping to get one of the girls attention and still nothing. We waited a couple more minutes before we decided to go to Tilted Kilt a few blocks away at City Scape. This is not the first bad experience I've had with Hooters but that just solidifies my decision on not visiting Hooters again." "Go in for happy hour fairly often. Love the half priced wings. The service at this location downright sucks The only disappointing factor was the fries. They were really stale - just not crispy or tasty."  then another 15 minutes for our beers. Waited another 30 minutes for our wings on wing Wednesday and my friend didn't get his crab legs for 1 hour and 10 minutes after we ordered. Over all it ended up being a 2 and a half dinner after a 12 hour day of work we were not expecting. The 4 of us had our own tabs and the waitress screwed up every check. We felt hostage Venue was very clean and orderly  the service is poor and the food is worse. They treat u very poorly and when u ask management if they can resolve an issue they belittle u and tell u to leave. Never will I go to hooters again  but this was the 1st. 1st and only time I've ever let a hooters place hungry. I've enclosed pictures. These were by far the smallest portions I've ever received in years. I'm dead serious 10 boneless wings (2 sauces) and 10 shrimp (Cajun) and these pictures are all I got. It feels like they cut the wings in half and then served them to me. These were appetizer portions for a full meal price? I'm extremely disappointed. So much so I asked the manager about it. All I'm getting is a shrug and a ""blame our distributor"" reason for why the portions are so small. I'm seriously feeling like I've been cheated. For the record he offered me another order but I felt so ripped off I didn't take him up on it. I wish I had. This was really disappointing. My server was great There's nothing wrong with the place A few of us local regular co-workers tried to eat at Hooters for lunch.  We were told NO separate checks due to a convention.  We said we would leave if they couldn't separate the checks and asked our server to verify with manager.   Management would rather lose a sale then separate the checks and did not care that we left!     BAD MANAGEMENT!!! "No one at front desk to sit us. A waitress finally passes by and just tells us to sit any where. We pick a table in patio... no mens yet. We wait and wait. Finally try to get a waitress. Waitress comes over and says we can't sit in this area because it's closed off. We saw the sign but our table was not in that section Ill give it three stars because the food was delicious! but the service is kind of slow and the girls aint as nice as other hooters. with nice i mean gentle and customer serviceable. they seem like they are fatigued or tired or even lazy.  plus not all of them our hooters material if u know what i mean. at the end i wanted to buy some hooters gear and they didnt even knew prices. i also found a hot chick. the only one and took a picture. thats the reason ill give them 3 stars. I'm 67 years old and they wouldn't serve my wife or i because we didn't have our id's with us. They have crappy wings anyway. If I could give it a negative 5 I would. My fiance and I went there for dinner last night and both of us ended up with food poisoning... I started throwing up at 3am and my fiance stayed home from work today because he can't leave the toilet. I don't not recommend coming here......  Not only that the manager was freaking out on an employee right in front of us.... Not good for business... Eh ask for we'll done burger but wasn't well done service good I supposed but not a place I would go to again anytime soon Nothing was special. Would have been 3 stars if not for our hostess experience." I'd probably go back again if I was stuck nearby and this was my only wing option Got a ceasar salad and some sliders to go.  Very average.  Not terrible.  Not great.  Slightly overpriced.  I usually like the wings at Hooters.  Maybe I should have stuck with that choice." "I can't believe I actually went to a Hooters for the first time in 20 years! I had the new grilled fish tacos and a large Dale's Pale Ale. The fish tacos were EXCELLENT!! I could not believe it!  Last time I was there they had wings Walked in to have some quick appetizers before a movie. We were sat immediately which was nice being it is mother's day. We sat down no waitress came to ask for our drinks or introduce herself. We waited for about 30 minutes before I had to get up and ask another waitress to bring our waitress whom I didn't  know who it was.. still after no waitress after 20 minutes and the place was not even busy. We just got up and left. Horrible customer service!!!!  she said that we didn't tip her enough on our last visit... But she must have confused us for someone else. Haven't been back since  it was a much needed cosmetic update to a great part of downtown. It's a hooters so the waitresses are friendly  it is very unlikely that I will return anytime soon. The negative reviews didn't lie."  beer. and/or wings served by hotties in bikinis while watching a game on the multiple TVs.  I know that Hooters is supposed be famous for its wings as well as its female servers with big boobs  that was last night and this afternoon I am still feeling sick from their food. I'm in the military here for an event and truly upset that I will be feeling this bad over the course of my work day and even more so knowing that my fellow service members will be settling for the mediocrity of this restaurant simply because of our hotel location and lack of transportation." Horrible service the waiters are ass they see you and don't even get your drink or order ! "Used my birthday email coupon for a free order of boneless wings on 10-30-15 friday around 10pm.  Was greeted at the door.  I sat at the bar.  Bartender was nice and friendly.   Service was fast and efficient.  No reverse happy hour so I only ordered 1 draft.  My wings were very good and I had the Daytona sauce.  No ranch cuz they charge but that's always been like that at any Hooters.  I watched the Suns game.  I took some fried pickles to go for my wife.  Both bartender and hostess said goodbye.  Ambiance was great.  Wasn't crowded.  I parked at a meter next to Hooters.  If u can wait till 10pm All I have to say was food was very crappy! I got my son the kids meal chicken strips with fries and let's just say I was scared to feed my son!! Chicken was skinny and gross looked like it was put into a microwave and was just re-heated! Wings are super hard and have NO MEAT. I have been to this location many times over the years. I was walking by the restaurant and I asked the hostess if it would be okay if I used the restroom. She said she couldn't let me in and she wouldn't even ask the manager if it was okay. I will never go there again Great service and the fish and chips were great. Our server was on top of it and very attentive! Will come back for sure Julia was great !!  let's just say it is typical bar food. I ordered the Grilled Fish Tacos and of course they were bland. But honestly  worse food. I would not recommend this place. Do not get fish and chips I went to Hooters after a meeting with some friends. This was my first time and my last time. I got the spring garden salad  with chicken. The chicken was awful on the salad. Something in the salad was offputting. A friend suggested I try a wing. The parmesean chicken wings were not fried hard as requested. I put my salad in the trash. I always heard the food was good so my surprise when it didn't pass muster.  next to the amc n some shopping. Small venue n staff is kinda lacking speedy service. Just ok from my opinion."  ""I'm sorry my manager said he can't right now. He's too busy?"" Like what? Then I heard the hostess tell someone a 15-20 minute wait and the restaurant wasn't even full. There are so many empty tables. The staff is really overwhelmed for no reason. The wings are really small. I asked my server if Parmesan garlic wings were wet and she didn't know... Plus the food took forever! My game is over." Was there for the super bowl and the server was amazing but was never told I had to pay for my sauce ranch blue cheese. I had asked to talk to the manager about the bill and he walked up saying your going to pay for the sauce or I'll call the cops first thing out of his mouth. Then I went to leave and he came outside talking crazy and said Broncos suck and was getting all I rate. Finally the black manage had to tell the white manager to go back inside the one that I had the issue with. None the less he is a very unprofessional manager and should not work In a restaurant I will never go back . He is rude and the black guy is nice the white guy just trash you should be ashamed to have him as your management team. FIRST WORD IM GOING TO CALL THE COPS FOR NOT WANTING TO PAY FOR SAUCE. White boy white short hair and a little beard going on skinny and to chase me out of the bar wow how sad. Figure it out or I will call all my friends and tell them what happen want a call back.  not really my problem. Poor management is Hooters problem and they need to fix it. Worst hooters I have ever been to and not consistent with the brand." First time I have ever been to a Hooters. Not what I expected. Nice ambience for this type of place. Great looking and friendly girls if that's what you're into. Great service and very attentive. Pleasantly surprised. The food actually tasted delicious!  she would display the deer in the head lights look and say ""I don't know.""  We went there for happy hour on this Friday late afternoon in February..The restaurant was not busy. Service was very slow Haven't been to a hooters in a while because I had a bad experience with a manager in Burbank which I was a local customer for 10 years and I didn't feel he treated his employees correctly and I won't go back till he's gone. But I will tell you he could use a lesson from the hooters in Phoenix. The manager nick was very caring and so was Jen. The food came out fast and everybody was awesome to us. Thank you Will never go back to this Hooters."  we sat at the bar and the service was bad. I sat with my husband and had a difficult time getting the attention of our waitress who seemed more interested in the male dinners. Will not return anytime soon  an hour before closing time and the manager refused to sit anyone.  It was not even half full when we showed up and even with all the people we saw turned away "Came here with my sister last night before a screening of a movie to get some drinks. It was pretty slammed because NBA finals were on but we found 2 seats at the bar no problem. I got my ole faithful COORS LIGHT!!! She got Patron Margarita! The bartenders were slammed but were great at checking up on us and making sure we were ok. On our refills another bartender made my sisters drink and when my sister tasted it right away she knew it was not patron. The Original bartender quickly fixed the problem and made her a fresh one. It was great customer service  see you guys on July 9th.  Save me two seats!!  :-)" Hooters all around downtown phoenix are horrible and on 75th Ave! Bad service needs to have  restructuring with staff to improve customer service.  but the salad looked sad and brown. I'll still come back since this is the only wing place close to the office." They are also in the middle of remodeling so the place looks kindof like crap right now." This is a cool venue to catch a show. I actually played a show here and it was good times. They have a large dance floor or an area where people can gather to watch performers. They also have a nice sized Bar which can handle a good sized crowd. We all know that is a must when it comes getting a drink in a crowed venue. I really enjoyed this spot and had a fun time rocking peoples face off!  better beer selection and Harry Connick Jr. on stage. Ha. I kid. Make it Bob Dylan and ya got yourself a deal." every show i've ever been to here has been amazing. i've never been frustrated with the sound there the acoustics are OK. some problems have occurred while i was there. but i am never phased by that. I've been to scrappy's and the Nile. so I'm kinda used to it."  I straight up got someone elses order. I got a friggin chicken sandwich. I'll make the trek to another store from now on. This one is just craptastic." You know you just never know if you will like something until you try it. I tired it and that is enough. Nice friendly folks though. I do like friendly."  but was clean and well kept.  The staff was friendly as well.  I am fatter for the experience."  but is it worth the wasted gas idling in the drive thru and the potential that they will mess your order up 25 percent of the time?"  and think about what you want to do next w/r/t your art and just what the fuck are you doing with your life anyway that you think waiting outside the Whataburger for ten minutes is keeping you from actualizing some potential self that may be far better served by simply having to wait a moment for your food?" My only complaint is that it seems to be Hobo-Town in this neighborhood. You almost have to run to your car."  I get chicken strips. It is the only place I can think of that gives you a piece of toast with your meal." It cost a litle more to eat here but I think it is so worth it.  Generally spend $9 to $11 per adult." This was a good burger and definitely brought me back home!" This one I rounded up from 3.5 just because." food! We both had the runs after eating a green chili double burger and a fish sandwich. I would not recommend this place to anyone!"  this is pretty damn good." The service at this location is always top notch. Friendly and professional." I love me some Whataburger but will no longer be visiting THIS location."  the mayo tasted rancid and the chicken was not hot. I threw out he sandwich. It was disgusting."  plain and dry medium meal. Everyone there is pretty friendly. Food is my favorite for fast food!! My burger is SOOOOOOO good. The fries are hit and miss. Sometimes they are hot and fresh and amazing. Sometimes they are cold and soggy." I don't know what everyone else on here is talking about; this Whataburger is super fast!  The entire drive thru process took a grand total of four minutes.  Great place to stop for a quick lunch when you work downtown.  expect to wait 20 minutes if there is nobody in front of you.  If there is This is my second visit here with orders from Postmates customers tonight and sometimes when they place orders we need clarification on what they are requesting. I asked Stephanie (the snotty chick working the drive thru) to hold while I figured this order out. Once I placed the order. Her comment on if I was sure that's what I wanted was not necessary. I was going to place another order for food for myself but quickly changed my mind. I'd rather give my money to another business. Hopefully I don't have to come back here tonight and if I do I hope she's not the one taking my order.  onion sauce. That kind of burger. I'll say nothing about their other food items. Why this Whataburger gets four stars is the outstanding customer service we received here. Yes Very good business just a little slow with the drive threw but it's okay the food makes up for it! Not too bad for fast food. Burger comes with mustard & pickles which I always ask them to leave off. More reasonably priced than some other drive thoughts. My daughter likes their chicken strips. Some dam good fast food... it was a 70s decor tgat reminded me of the movie falling down... "For a fast food restaurant Whataburger has a good burger as well as chicken sandwiches. Their meat is flavorful and the entire sandwich is seasoned well. They have worked hard to make it more like an eat in restaurant rather than what most know as fast food. You order at the counter I'm sitting here pondering my stone cold burger...  Ordered around midnight.  Wondering if it was made last dinner rush.   The fries were nuclear hot.   What happened?  As added insult Their drive thru is the slowest drive thru to the point you have to tailgate to get your food. Especially don't go after 6pm. The drive thru is 15 minutes for each car that's in it. Hope this helps you to never eat and waste your time on this garbage food.  but the food wasn't over the top or anything special in my opinion" Only reason for 4 stars is that when I was eating mine you could tell they just slapped everything together and was kinda messy and I had to set it up to eat it." "I was really excited to finally try whataburger. More like what a disappointment. I tried both the whataburger and the whatachicken. The chicken sandwich was actually really good. Maybe it was just too hyped. Either way  no one wants a completely squished burger. Could have went to McDonald's and get a NOT squished burger. Maybe it is just this location Drive out from Moreno Valley ca. To watch a dodger game and first stop was whataburger. So so good "My husband and I live a couple of blocks away from this charming piece of history. The menu is very limited (hamburgers and hot dogs) but everything that can be gotten from a local grower or manufacturer is. They have a great variety of Southwestern toppings that they will chop and grill freshly for every burger and dog. The fries are freshly cut and delicious. The guys that run the diner are friendly and the prices are reasonable. The hours are from 11 am to 3 pm Monday through Saturday and it is a cash only operation (my only complaints!). The counter inside is tiny and seats less than 10. There are some tables outside  I thought it was a pretty cool place and will definitely return with more friends in tow.  (Possibly for one of their movie nights...movies + tasty food = a good time).  Bonus points for their helping with the downtown rejuvenation while also supporting local businesses (Schreiner's Just a friendly reminder that it is CASH ONLY!  I had to run to a couple of nearby gas station ATMs since the first was out of order.  Pretty embarrassing but the chef didn't seem to mind and trusted us to return.  Can't complain about any part of the meal and would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Phoenix or any locals that have been snoozing on this gem." Highly recommended!!!" I really enjoyed the food here. There were funny little books available for us to read and there was a notebook where customers could draw in. The whole thing was something I'll always remember... fondly. You owe it to yourself to at least check this place out once." I am so sad that I came here on the last day that this little diner will be open.  I was introduced to this place by a friend of mine who is a regular patron.  It was a nice Saturday afternoon so we ate outside and I think the little diner (with 8 seats) was full.  I had a single patty cheeseburger and the favorite and a coke.  The favorite is fresh cut fries with peppers  also its a small joint so don't go brining like 40 of your office buddies you'll look like a tool." Big thumbs up for this place. Great spot for burgers and dogs!  grab a friend and try this joint out pronto." I'll definitely be back."  very small...this place does burgers and a quick lunch very well.  Not suggesting bring all your friends becaue the space is limited but for a quick bite to eat  otherwise I'll be a lardass. (again)"  and have tried to look past all these things I like Welcome but with 2 issues in 2 visits I dunno If I will be back."  the hours up there ^^ say it's open until 5 I just wish they had later hours...."  no cards accepted. If your service is good- tip them. They are really nice!" or to borrow from a sibling!"  support locals and their businesses...go go go!!!"  they don't give you plates and the food was *very* greasy (our sandwiches came on a piece of waxed paper and the grease quickly soaked through the paper onto the counter).  The other thing I didn't like  heavenly sinful pig-out fare? What's that? You want it at dirt cheap prices and with friendly service? It's perfect. The cheeseburger is oozing cheddar  it's BYOB. There seems to be an issue with alcohol on the patio http://www.restaurantnoca.com/Menu/Specials/NOCA_Nobuo_August_Menu.pdf"  or if you are skipping school or work as it's quite naughty.  One of those mimosas and bloody marys in the morning kind of days.  The Garfield is extremely satisfying and the french toast in a cup is genius  go here. Eat here. Revel in your trip to the land of gluttony. I love this little cramped trailer and it's treasure trove of goodness." You will also be able to book the inside 8 seats on Wednesday-Saturday and have Payton mess with your palette while he doesn't hold his tongue. Contact for more info.." tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  but it is now (temporarily) inhabited by Chef Payton Curry. Check out the reviews here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/payton-curry-at-welcome-diner-phoenix"  but I hope to return in April...maybe on a Tuesday at 10pm for half-price eats." Other reviews of Payton Curry's chef-in-residence at Welcome Diner: http://www.yelp.com/biz/payton-curry-at-welcome-diner-phoenix" tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  please stay out of our neighborhood and stop yelping about how Noca is in a strip mall. Phoenix is on it's way to being regarded as one of the top cities for dining and those narrow minded opinions are no longer welcome." Ridiculous. Top five best dinners in Phoenix." And the food? Inventive  and the proprietors are super friendly. It's only open Sun.-Tuesday and will close for good 4th of July. Go while you can!!" This place is the bomb !!!! Great food !! Blah blah blah it's Tuesday at 9am and they're not open  but the staff made it an awesome experience. They were all very knowledgable and took the time to give us a background on the diner and what their thoughts and inspirations were for the Welcome Diner going forward. I am so excited to come back this weekend and try out some of the grub  friendly staff... we'll be back."  ""red"". Went wonderfully with our shared Roosevelt Growhouse salad [the beets Yet still I wait for the college hang-out."  but not every day.  I know they close at 3 on Sundays.  They are open Thur. thru Sun.  Oh  next time you're out and about downtown Phoenix on a weekend A great spot.  Don't come here on a diet though - my meal soaked through the paper plate and left a visible grease puddle on the counter top.  Psst ... the grit cakes are tasty and absorb the flavors of the meal but they are extremely greasy." I've never actually been to a diner that had a liquor license It is a great time.  My only complaint?  They aren't open enough hours to totally clog my arteries." Great little spot with wonderful fries and biscuit sandwiches. Yummy! tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw Everything I've ever ordered off their menu has been delicious. They have lots of southern food options and they change up their specials menu about once a week. Anything you order will be divine. I promise you. Don't question me  and so full of flavor!  Had it twice...once on Thursday and again on Saturday.  Ran into 4 friends while I sat at the counter Saturday evening.  This place is the best."  go downtown and eat here!" Thanks Welcome Diner! Happy to have you in the neighborhood!"  or sunshine in a cup.  But it does pack a punch.  I felt that drink (the few sips I had) by the time we got back home.  And then I crashed in a delicious food coma." I would recommend this place to everyone and anyone."  the outdoor seating is more stylish than properly relaxing as their comfort food is. Sitting at a picnic table or some old outdoor furniture that looks like it just came from the back of an old shed is too hipster for me. I get it. I get the theme. I get the execution. It just doesn't work for me. But I would definitely eat their grub if I were in the area looking for take out." tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  but he wished it was on regular bread instead of a biscuit. I really like that this place uses local ingredients. I will definitely be back in the near future (I really want to try a burger....yummmm)." The only thing I don't like is that rave reviews are going to make it impossible for us to stroll in on a Saturday night and get a seat at the counter. But they deserve them."  random in the middle of this Phoenix neighborhood. There are a few seats inside but the real experience is to sit out front. Do not expect to sit down at a normal booth and keep to yourself. The seating is basically lawn furniture and a few picnic tables giving the whole experience a backyard barbeque feel. As far as atmosphere ""hipster"" would be the greatest understatement of the year. I could have ridden a bicycle made of mustaches wearing the first black rimmed glasses ever made and I would not have been hip enough among the patrons. The menu is small but efficient and the food we received tasted great. I recommend the fried chicken sandwich with bacon and a hurricane to drink."  cooking and everything culinary. Great guy who knows his s*(&t. Overall Absolutely one of our favorite spots.  and given a wonderful starry opportunity to enjoy the night (or morning) with dear friends." They're just a hop-skip off the 7th St. I-10 exit They try to use local foods.  The staff was great "Looking for a place that is so off the beaten path that you need to drive down a neighborhood road to get to it. Well this is the place. Great food It's pretty close to home so I'm sure I'll be headed here again."  and service? Top notch!" Bravo! This place aced it for me. I always like to read what people order at places to help me decide. I guarantee that anything you order here will be amazing and delicious. Great job guys!! Makes me happy to see a spot like this in Phoenix. Reminds me of Portland. Things are lookin up for the foodie scene. Perfect hole in the wall Diner with awesome friendly service and some awesome soul food to back it up. everything on the menu is amazing! go see it and experiance it for yourself. it's truly unique.  I just sit and drool over it.  I've eaten here a handful of times and everything is so freaking good.  Its comfort food at its best.  And the staff is super friendly and helpful.  They treat you like a regular even if its your first time.  I love the fact that they source all their ingredients from local farmers and purveyors.  I initially thought the prices were a bit on the high side "I will say I was a little surprised to drive up to this place and see it is in a neighborhood on the corner as if it was previously someone's house (pretty sure it may have been). As for seating there are two options either outside on their ""patio"" (felt like someones front yard with chairs) or inside which gave you more of an old school dining car feel. I ordered there PB + B burger and my husband had their shrimp Po'boy special. I had heard eating Peanut butter on your burger was good so of course I had to give it a try. I must say it was a bit odd but very good  and they have great cocktails to boot.  I really wish I could get food like this in my hometown." The wife and I ate dinner here tonight and we got the veggie sandwich.  It was amazing we were both blown away.  Will you please put this on the menu? "This was an excellent adventure. The service is super friendly and the food is unique and deserves more praise. I ordered the fried chicken biscuit with gravy and cheese and bacon. That was the best choice of all the meals I tried and will be what I order when I return. We started with pulled pork fries that were BBQ flavored with a mustard twist. It was bold but I would try something else next time. The burgers were great and the fries were too. Great late night food The staff was awesome and super friendly. The place has such a neat vibe as well. There's truly nothing like it!"  I highly recommend it.  The staff is very friendly and attentive which makes for an even better dinning experience.  There are also plenty of seats outside and a to-go window which makes it even easier.  Great place to hang out  the peanut butter burger and the Friday night catfish poor boy!!! All left smiles on my face wanting more. You have to try this place out!!! IT'S A DEFINITE MUST!!!" I have had three things there. A hurricane (NICE) that buffalo chicken burger and a pulled pork sandwich. All were wonderful. I am dying to come back in the spring when I can sit outside! Peanut Butter Burger.  An event of world-historical importance. We will definitely be going back. I highly recommend this unique little gem in Downtown Phoenix." I'm really excited to be a frequent patron of the Welcome Diner. So happy we found it!"  a biscuit chicken sandwich with watermelon side  just delicious down to the last crumb. A welcoming staff and food that can leave you stuffed! Will definitely keep coming back and invite all who will join. If you your a local you need to eat here  and tip came to about $40.  Had we done non-alcoholic drinks it would've been a little under $30.  Their ingredients are locally sourced so you pay a little bit of a premium for that.  But considering the quality of the food and the unique experience  awesome employees who treat everyone like they're friends. The menu is not of the normal run of the mill type but yet a delicious combination that should be tried. As a local business owner and supporter of independent non-chain places to eat "Amazing amazing melt in your mouth food  and the purity of the food. We went here for breakfast the morning after our wedding because we couldn't think of anywhere else we'd rather eat!" Great spot. I would def recommend this spot for comfort food. The fried chicken sandwich is not to be missed & the fries are amazing! Just ask for extra crispy. Can't wait to go back & try a burger they looked amazing!!!! Welcome Diner is a must try."  the Carol (BBQ pork) and the Big Jim (for especially hearty appetites.  The flavors were amazing! Loved the mustard BBQ sauce on my Carol.  Really wanted to try the Beignets but they were out f them already. Cest la vie...a reason to come back for sure." "Solid 5. Totally chill attitude from the guys behind the counter serving up killer food. To start: an Old Fashion for me and a Candy Corn signature for the wife. We split not one but two orders of the bacon and cheese fries  and not doughy. The biscuit it was on was perfection. Crispy and fluffy where it needed to be with a well balanced butteryness. To make things even better the biscuit did not fall apart after the first bite :). Loved the relaxed atmosphere and music selection outside. The dudes that were working were very courteous and answered questions without eye rolling like you may get at other downtown establishments." Go here for something awesome and different." Wonderful brunch today! I had the Sunrise sandwich and my husband had the Holy Puerco - they were both delicious. I loved the homemade biscuit - light and fluffy and not dry at all. Everyone in the staff is extremely friendly - very positive and relaxing environment. Highly recommend it! Here is a link to the diner's website:  http://www.marthaandmary.net/welcomediner/welcome.html"  always. Straight up & personable folks making and serving everything.  The real locals deal.  Feel like I need to go here as much as possible tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw My minus one star- Needs a booster or something for small kids to sit in." More real complaint: They won't let me move in." Really loved the beet salad!" Well done Welcome Diner well done. See you all next weekend!" Love love love this place!! I've been here for brunch and dinner and everything was amazing!! My bf says their burger is the best burger he has ever had and I have to agree. Super juicy!! The bumblebee is on point too!! I can't wait to go back and try the bacon cheddar fries :) I recommend this place to all my friends when they ask for a awesome place to eat downtown. And they are open late!!! Amazing food! We had the fried chicken on a biscuit sandwiches  one was with the sausage gravy - and the other was the  buffalo one both very good. We had the Hurricanes also very tasty. Definitely going to be on our list of favorites! Surprised I never found this place.. The place was pretty good couldn't think of a complaint  and makes you feel like you are eating a meal made by momma.  Staff was courteous and ambiance was hip. Thanks for the experience  I want to thank these folks for doing what they're doing. If you haven't been here yet This would be a great date place ... if that's something you're looking for. This is also a good place for a group of around 6 friends to take over a picnic table."  I think this has a terrific location to build on being the ""Cheers"" of the Garfield neighborhood. The patio is really inviting and you can watch residents coming and going since it's in a residential area. It is quite hipster-dominated but that's just what a lot of Garfield and the Roosevelt Row area are. Hopefully there will be people to welcome this place for a long time to come." But....what saves Welcome Diner for me is the food. I love the fried chicken and the sausage biscuits and gravy. The sandwiches are also excellent! The orange juice is fresh-squeezed and refreshing Peanut butter burger was good especially for them who love peanut butter in their burger."  great ambiance. Hip but not unwelcoming to middle-agers like me. It was a little more pricey than I was expecting but the food is locally-grown. The ""Carolina"" BBQ sauce on the pulled pork is mustard-based. Pretty good but not what I (or most people familiar with the typical Carolina red sauce) would have expected. Maybe the mustard-based sauce is more common in SC. Hamburger and lemon meringue pie were yummy. All around pretty good." Don't be intimidated by the humble surroundings from the outdoor seating area. It's comfortable and unpretentious "Okay so I went to Welcome Diner this morning after seeing my friends IG post of his food a week ago. Met a friend and we sat inside was greeted by the entire staff including Wayne and Justin the Cook Like I said before I can't wait to go back!! Highly recommend Their red bean and rice are fabulous and the portion is super generous!  I also had the Kentucky Thoroughbred cocktail and it was amazing.  There's something about sitting knee to knee with strangers at a nine-person diner counter talking about food and life and watching the chef's work in the teensy-tiny kitchen.  But don't worry - if you need some space and want to enjoy the amazing AZ weather there's a HUGE patio and fun little order window... something for everyone!  For dessert I got the homemade biscuit with goat cheese and apple butter.  The biscuit was warm but the cheese was cold and that was a weird combination.  But overall everything was delicious and I will totally be back!!! WOW  what a gem- cool spot for a off the grid epecurian delight.  Mike and Lou got it covered from Wiskey to Grits and Carlonia slaw  Fried chicken  a must  get the Big Jim or the Carol.  I will be back for Brunch next time I am in PHX. They serve PBR...Get that... PBR 16oz...Need to stock some Old Smokey shine... "This place makes me wish it was mine! The best home made biscuits They offer some select cocktails and a limited choice of liquor. But this doesn't matter because all you need to know is get a HURRICANE (or 3). You'll thank me later." "This place rocked. We were a little hesitant at first to try it bit it worked out. The location is right smack dab in the middle of a residential area and the diner literally sticks out of a house or possibly used to be a house but the food was phenomenal. All the seating is outdoor with a walk up window to order. The staff and the food choices definitely had a little hipster vibe. The collard greens were freaking amazing and the rest of the food was up to par for sure. Only complaint probably is that the drinks were a bit on the pricy side  house made beer mustard and bread &  butter pickles on a huge homemade biscuit. How they got the chicken freakishly crunchy yet completely juicy on the inside is a mystery right up there with the Loch Ness Monster and Bermuda Triangle. For a side  its a place you have to try. You will not be disappointed in any way. oh did I mention that they are locally owned and locally sourced? So not only can you get good food So they must have been some pretty good hurricanes." I will definitely be back to try their dinner options and grab another delicious cocktail." Place has a lot of character. Old RV converted into a restaurant. Minimal indoor seating but not a bid deal. Wish I lived closer... Great place." Don't listen to these winey bitches who give three stars... They obviously don't understand good food and good service. Would eat here every day if I didn't live so far away. Wow"  but I'm kicking myself. Any place that has beets on the menu gets an automatic A++."  great ambience in ""the hood."" It puts the soul in soul food; can't wait to hang out there again soon as my Lipitor digests; just cool as it gets in Phoenix" Customer service is top notch--everyone that works here is super friendly and the wait time for food wasn't too shabby. I really love the vibe of this place and predict many visits in the future. Day or night  my fiance had a welcome burger and the just custom made me a breakfast burger. The chef came in and made a burger he had just created and gave us a taste. Would totally drive down from LA again for another bite" Went here during first friday and it was a madhouse. I'm assuming things run a little smoother when the line isn't out the door so I give them the benefit of the doubt. Food is amazing all the way!  it's not enough for me to want to support an establishment that employs ignorant morons. I'll stick to Lux for great biscuits and gravy. It's a lot closer and the vibe is better."  easy going individuals who also enjoy good a Americana meal." Love the old diner feel. This place was absolutely delicious! I had the welcome burger & fries & my bf had the big jim. Both perfection!! I can't wait until next time so I can get the biscuit ;) Can't wait to come back to try something else!" "I'm from east coast and I'm trying to find the owner to let me allow this place in my strip mall this food is truely a touch of its own will hit every tasty bud....please understand!!!!!!!!''''''''you will leave leave happy and talking about""I wish I was their neighbor""'''! This spot will leave its mark....watch our in n out burger....be worried if people know what they are !!!" I love this place. All items on the menu are worthy to try them. My favorite one is the Koko (biscuit with fried chicken). The service is a bit slow but they are so sweet and cool that who cares? If you are even remotely close I will return for lunch and dinner to see if it gets better. I would recommend going at least once  there are lighter healthier biscuit choices that come topped with sauteed Kale and fried egg...but this place truly is a destination for abandoning healthy choices and diving head first into fat and calories."  they loved the food and the atmosphere. Just a fun  craft beers on draft... need I say more? I always end up here as an attempt to sober up after hitting up the bars off of Roosevelt. Long story short it never happens because they sell beer and I just end up getting extra wasted. But  the picky vegetarian had some bizarre avocado sandwich and a side of brussel sprouts.  If we end up moving to Phoenix "Nom Nom Nom.  The food here is so delicious!  My personal favorite is the fried green tomato sandwich and next would be the carol.  Of course my all time favorite is no longer on the menu  amazing staff. Only one time did I go where I wasn't impressed. Top of biscuit burnt and chicken dry. Other than that food and service has been superb. Great comfort food and a nod to the south with the fried green tomato sandwich!!" "This place is amazing!  I had the whitefish po-boy and ice tea.  My friends had biscuit sandwiches And a couple cocktails Thanks Welcome Diner for a great night!" "I had a spring salad and my friend had a welcoming breakfast. Both of them are great! If they can use a bigger bowl for salad  "Cute little diner right in the middle of the neighborhood. Stopped here real quick before taking my sister to the airport. We each had a biscuit sandwich: she had the chicken and biscuit with bacon I HIGHLY recommend this spot!!!" I got a fried green tomato sandwich on sourdough with house-made corn salsa and arugula.  It was fantastically delicious.  The ingredients were fresh and everything from the toasting of the bread to the battering of the tomatoes was well-executed.  Although the sandwich was filling and came with a slice of cantaloupe  I will definitely come back to the Welcome Diner!" tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw My only regret is that I leave tomorrow and only got to visit once :(" The staff was pretty friendly and checked on us several times. (I guess it helps that you add the gratuity while ordering+paying Oh and order off the menu the ""Cannibal Fries"".  Simply off the chain.  Fresh cut potato fries with caramelized onions Awesome neighborhood place!"  giant piece of fried chicken and the thickest gravy ever! I tried some and it was so good! Creamy and sinful! The last thing I tasted was the Brussels sprouts. Omg! Goooood! They were crispy and tasty! Only downside was the fries were a little salty. I would definitely go back. The atmosphere is exactly what downtown Phoenix is all about! I loved it!" One of my favorite spots in town. This place is amazing from the staff to the food ist incredible. The Po'boy Fish sandwich is really really good I get that and the Kiko i think... something along those lines is a breat burger.  it's soulful and lovely. Bring an insatiable appetite and leave with a permasmile." This was right of the plane and hungry place- good choice. They have a bloody merryish beer drink. Interesting!" Everything was delicious. We got various different chicken biscuit sandwiches and burgers. Fries were great. Cole slaw was good "THIS PLACE is great. I love this joint. The staff is awesome and the food is great. Their grilled cheese is so good. I also love their beer selection and their full bar. I have a hard time decided what to order when I go here because everything looks so good. This place is tucked away and can easily be passed up Daily salads are a work of art.  Great people serving great food." Holy shit!! You must eat here!! I live in the Bay Area and I still get cravings for that sandwich with buffalo sauce and blue cheese on it!! Why can't they be here in CA?! And that front porch tho!!! So sunny and warm! The staff and the customers who come here are awsome! Ps....please bring back ol' blue!!" HIghly recommend to come after dark in the summer because it is so blazing hot (mostly outdoor seating). We will definitely be returning for more pulled pork fries!" My fianc came here for a late anniversary dinner around midnight. I ordered a special burger they had called the Jose I believe and my fianc ordered the Carol. We both absolutely LOVED our food. The burger I ordered had a jalapeno relish with onions and it was just amazing. The Carol was also really delicious and unlike any other pulled pork sandwich we had ever eaten. The staff was very friendly and it was lit cutely with string lights. We are so happy to have a late night spot to dine in Phoenix that's not a fast food restaurant. I absolutely love this place and we will definitely be back! "Loved. Super duper friendly service. The bumble bee was delicious and filling. Chicken was juicy and flavorful. They made me a margarita even though not on the menu. The boyfriend was very pleased they played the pixies. Casual  and the atmosphere is friendly. I really enjoyed having the carol over fries "Fun local place to hang out and grab a bite when it's a reasonable temperature outside. My bumblebee was excellent. They definitely have the fried chicken and biscuits down.  My friends' three burgers were all overcooked to well-done without the any hint of pink. They're not burger snobs like I am and had no complaints but i probably would have. I also felt the drinks were weak or watered down for $10 a pop. I'll probably be back to try some other food Wow my friend found them on yelp what amazing food had welcome burger excellent.   Also had the corn dog appetizers wow the ladies I was with said it's the best hurricane they have ever had.  Great job guys a definite go to location for everyone. .. tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  and squash blossoms... all absolutely fantastic! We also really enjoyed the biscuit with jam for dessert. Everything about this place was great "Ahhhh! The best burger I think I've had! (the champion?) This place has redeemed my first impression of Phoenix! My beloved and I were just passing through. Phoenix was hot (really hot) Had the Mac and Cheese with Chicken and the Biscuits and Gravy with fried chicken. Both were hands down the amazing!! The restaurant is unique looking and has mainly outdoor seating. A great place with character and its open late. A MUST TRY while you are in the Phoenix Downtown Area.  but sitting outside under the misters was just fine!  I had the pulled pork fries and some poutine! Both were delicious!! The pulled pork has somes mustardy type sauce on it that is quite unusual but good!  The poutine is made with a white gravy and American cheese instead of the traditional brown gravy and cheese curds but very delicious and american dinerish.  Would definitely order again! I also had a hurricane  man oh man chicken doesn't get crunchier than that!  Also had a gin tonic made with their small batch tonic syrup.  My boyfriend had an amazing burger and as thought that wasn't enough we shared the Mac & cheese Was my first time there...I loved it! ! I got the big jim I think..it was biscuits and gravy bacon and fried chicken! !! Mmmm delicious! ! Also ordered the hurricane drink during happy hour it was 6$ such a summer refreshing drink! !  you won't believe it. No it's not pulled pork it's pure veggie. The drinks are marvelous  so be careful in arizona summers" Love this place. Awesome eats. Kick ass staff. Late night hours. Fabulous Tuesday night.  and insanely delicious mac. Melted with different kinds of cheese and blow torched to a perfect crisp. Deeeeeeelish" "First time here and I have no problem giving them five stars.   We had wonderful service provided by Mikey and Drea.  Clayton was the chef and man can he cook. Wonderful food While driving around town my friend and I came across the welcome diner. I've seen it before during an art festival but never had the chance to eat there. Remember that day I told my friend we should try it. When we arrived to the window where you order food the customer service was horrible and very unfriendly. The guy that was taking our order was just rude and not happy at all. It seem like he was upset about something and was taking it on us. It was our first time being there and I would of thought that the guy would of mention the daily special or even recommend he's favorite dish but instead was so commanding and rude. To make matters worse; we did not get our food until an hour later. The burger was dry and not tasty. There was no love to the burger. I don't think I'll go back or recommend this place to my friends or family.  the flavor and and taste is insane..... This reminds me of one of those spots you run into in California.  Trust me Try the jackfruit fries  natural/organic (when possible) food and are creative with their dishes. I'll be back and I'm bringing some GFs next time. ;-)"  and a deliciously unique menu. We'll be coming here often!" "I'm so glad I tried this place after a friend recommended it to me. I ordered the Champion burger with fries. The burger was so good. It was perfectly juicy and the bacon jam was JAMMIN!  there is mostly outside seating. When we went the inside seating was all taken. They have really friendly staff  local ingredients which makes this place even more awesome!!! Service is super friendly and the ambiance is very chill-like you're in an old friends back yard! We ordered the big Jim  hurricanes are well done and there is a good beer selection. High quality food in a relaxed setting." I highly recommend this place...the food is mostly locally sourced...it's fresh...tasty...reasonably priced...outdoor seating available...a laid back vibe...started by 5 friends with varying artistic talents...very friendly and accommodating... tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw The service at Welcome Diner is casual but friendly and efficient. You'll get real attentiveness at the counter and maybe some small talk. Don't expect anything too formal - this is definitely a neighborhood joint tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  our chef for the night. Great job!"  but was super tasty by the time we got it at 5:45.  The whole menu looks really good."  I don't even know but he was super hospitable and welcoming and great all around. The food was out of this world.yum.dude. LOVE." Great food. Great little whole in the neighborhood.  Great people.  Recommend to anyone looking for good food in Phoenix. John and his girlfriend are delightful and definitely NOT hipster."  bacony and gravy-y and delicious. The coffee was good too. This is a great brunch spot." Hurricane is  a must and big joe is amazing!! Staff is very pleasant too great ambiance overall A little to crazy for your taste buds?  No worries.  They have normal food too.  Welcomediner.net" Tried Welcome Diner for the first time tonight.  We did only try the Hurricanes but will definitely be back to try the biscuits. The place is very unique.  We sat outside and it was kind of like sitting in someone's backyard.  They have a walk up window if you chose to sit outside or you can sit inside at the small counter. It was happy hour all day since it was Tuesday.  Awesome!! Service as polite and quick. The Hurricanes were refreshing but not strong. Don't let the neighborhood or decor scared tour away. Can't wait to come back and try the food and other cocktails. service was great. beer was local and delicious. food was wonderful. music was fun and super loud. all in all "Proof that art can come from a two burner kitchen. Laughably small kitchen creates some very big tastes. Plan to go on a cool night and enjoy the great patio. Not an indoor diner "I love this place ! such a big variety of delicious meals to order. No WayJose burger is the best Really cool little casual place to eat with great food! In a nutshell: Love this place. We'll be going back again and again." Absolutely loved our food and the atmosphere. The service was amazing as well. Also loved fact they buy their food locally.  I got the champion burger and it was the best burger I've ever had anywhere. The bacon jam is really a hidden treasure. We'll be coming back hopefully every weekend. Thanks welcome diner for providing an awesome experience.  and the welcome burger along with 3 old fashions. The drinks were served right away with the food very shortly after. All of the items were amazing and we will definitely be back many many many times." I was in town for a graduation and my daughter found this place on yelp and I'm glad she did. The atmosphere was great and the food was excellent. Best time I had in Phoenix  good place to eat.  Found both in Welcome Diner.  It's in the middle of a fairly residential area near downtown.  Very informal and looks almost like a Foster's Freeze type place with mostly outdoor seating.  I sat at the counter.  The three young guys working were having a great time cooking Definitely a place worth checking out ... Just not one that I'd visit frequently."  but so glad I took a nice stroll from mi amigas casa to do so bcus this place is super. I got the eggplant parm special. The breading for the eggplant was on point but I realized I'm not a fan of soggy bread so that kills it cuz you need the sauce. Supper yummy sandy though! I also tried the Bumble Bee. It is served on a biscuit (so warm/so soft) fried chix w/a bourbon mustard sauce  it was probably the best fish sandwich I've had. I want to go again and try everything I can eat. Also please try the honey soaked beignets they serve so you can die happy." Bottom line. We left stuffed and happy. A very memorable meal produced by a great team. We will be back."  as are the drinks(they make their own tonic and other cocktail ingredients). I am pretty sure that all or most of the food ingredients are bought locally. The wait staff are almost all local artists and musicians(as are a lot of the customers) Definitely my favorite diner in AZ. Such a friendly staff! And the Hurricanes... BEST DRINK omg! This place is a must if you are in the neighborhood! I'm only in Phoenix for a few days but I'm tellin ya I will be coming back here before I leave. Hospitality: the best. Ever. Food: I tried the welcome burger medium rare AND IT WAS SO GOOD. Definitely gonna try the Mac and cheese with chorizo next time. The people that work here might as well be family; they're a really tight knit group and we had two of the employees come talk to us--Mike and Wayne: really cool chill guys. You might at first be weirded out by the location (it's in the middle of a bunch of houses) but it adds to the homely feeling that I experienced while at the welcome diner.  but doesn't mess up the sandwich. Oh do these people know exactly what they are doing with the honey on top! Honey and pickles on one sandwich together in perfect harmony (swoon). Chik-fool-a can kiss my diversity after this sandwich. Not that I've eaten there since --you know-- but it was something to miss. My sister had the ""big Jim"" and man is that a lot of gravy. Nothing was wrong in that sandwich other than ordering it with a side which would make you glutton of the year. (She ordered the Mac n'cheese with it and I hope she never reads this).  Don't do it  the mac & cheese with chorizo AND bacon and the Carol - yum!!! We are coming back! The drive from Cave Creek is worth it!!!" You want amazing food try this place. The pulled pork fries are delicious. As is the ginger beer and take the recommendation of the staff you won't be disappointed! Our fish po'boys  and beignets in local honey were SUPERB! Totally worth the adventure."  but the was a major bee issue the day I ate there. It was very hard to enjoy the juicy burger they cooked up for me while I was constantly ducking and dodging the damn bees. Though good  and super secret beignets with peanut butter Strongly recommend the cheese sandwich.  Love the heavy cream with smooth Blue House coffee. Definitely one of the best places to eat in Phoenix. Food is always solid and atmosphere is laid back. Our favorite place to take people Went to celebrate with family and friends and had Delicious Bloody Mary's and feasted on some good ole homemade food for the Soul!  Holy Puerco is The headliner followed by the Bumble bee !  Had a bite of the  peanut butter burger and it was delicious!   Come check them out!   Cool spot!  she wanted to take me to Braggs since she lives downtown but the wait was crazy. I had the welcome breakfast and it was the best breakfast I've had in a long time. The biscuit  but it's a family-friendly neighborhood joint too. Small bar inside and picnic tables on the outside patio encourage a community atmosphere. We ended up having a nice conversation with a guy who sat down at our table. :)" Very fun place to go late night too." "OMG. A must visit when in Phoenix !!! Maybe it is just because I love real food and of course real drink. So my second visit to the Welcome Diner was much delayed with conflicting travel schedules that did not bring me here in time for a masterful dinner sooner. My loss... Check out the pics this time around. Biscuits Gravy - Fried chicken - Yes FRIED EGGS (2)- Brussels Sprouts with Bacon and of course red slaw. Well cardiologists you must be jealous. Drink order:   ""Black Cat"" = Bourbon rocks +  splash of Absinthe. Drink of the Kentucky Gods.     Only request would be that they stock some Old Smokey Shine in a Mason Jar of course." "This place is SO rad. My crew and I were in town working an event and couldn't find anything open for dinner and drinks after 10pm. Found this place on yelp and was so so so happy about it. Looks like something you would find in Austin  slurricanes are perfect. The end."  but it works especially on their fries. Wed. has a happy hour featuring those same fries with pulled pork and a very special Cole slaw. Add a burger and a beer and you've got more than enough for two for dinner at under $25. This is serious food My husband and I had our wedding dinner at Welcome Diner and it was absolutely perfect. Before friends arrived I warned the staff that there was a sizable group coming by and if we were in the way or too loud to please let me know and I'd deal with it. The staff's response was If you're near downtown and not afraid to go a little off the beaten path "This place is freaking awesome. Burger is on point. It's outside and you will probably have to wait a little bit "This is probably my favorite place to grab a casual dinner in Phoenix.  It is usually pretty busy on the weekends so be prepared to wait a while unless you can find a spot at the 8-10 seats inside.  Unless you are a veg I expect you to try the fries smothered in pork and slaw.  Hands down the best thing I've had there to date.  The PB&B burger is great and so is the Bumble Bee biscuit.  If you live in the downtown area or you hit up RoRo often The late-night hours are great and the outdoor seating lets me take advantage of one of my favorite things about living here - the cool Phoenix nights. So in to it." This is my favorite place to come sit outside. Really delicious food. Love coming late night for whiskey sours too. Staff is always awesome.  they give you real cream for your coffee... Did you hear me? Heavy fricken cream!!! So good. Make sure you follow these guys on facebook for their beautiful daily specials that you wouldn't find in any other diner in the world (fresh made chicken and dumplings with butter poached chanterelle mushrooms for example). Have the pb and bacon burger... So yummy. Drinks? Forget about it Summation: Do you like food? GO HERE." Can't wait to try the biscuits next time.  Atmosphere is laid back.  Bathroom is tiny. Food is very tasty  I will return someday for another jackfruit po'boy Freaking AMAZING food. Some of the best I have had in my entire life. And the service is incredible. We were impressed with our main entrees and by the guys who run this little miracle on wheels." -Maisie. Cousin of Joe from Jayhawk Country."  authentic food in Phoenix. My favorites include the Big Jim (chicken biscuit w/ gravy + bacon) and the PB&B. But everything is great. Awesome atmosphere and employees Simple review. I will definitely be back... Tomorrow! Just look at the pictures. Phenomenal. "Classic diner food and drinks with a twist. We came here on First Friday to try out something new as we're typically inclined to hit Angel's Trumpet. This place is a true diamond in the rough that you would end up passing by if you didn't know what you were looking for. I got the Chicken Philly which was on special that night. The chicken was perfectly seasoned Amazing food!!! The best burger I've ever had. Everything thing here is amazing. Super fun ambiance & place to hang out. It has very reasonable prices for the quality you get. The staff are all super nice. You have to come here!!!!  they were playing great music and we had good conversation with the bartenders and even the cook. Will be back soon!" "I love this place. What a neat little local gem in the Garfield Historic District.  The food is delicious and the drinks are made with love and real juices. This is my favorite brunch spot downtown "This is the homiest  most delicious place to visit. You won't be disappointed in the chicken "Found this AMAZING little Gem while looking for some street art in the Phoenix Art District. A MUST try and MUST visit for good home cooking "The Big Jim and the beignets have been on my foodie bucket list for some time and I finally stopped by last Sat.  The food was good (not great) but the ambiance was totally unacceptable.  They had a DJ playing music at an obnoxious volume. Not only was it at an unneighborly volume for being in a residential setting  and a well-cooked egg. My gin and tonic (ordered on a whim) was a bit weak for my taste. 5 stars for a better drink and a cleaner bathroom." The big Jim and the Carol are both fantastic. It is also a really nice place to sit outside in the evening.  and gravy with syrup. The chicken was so awesome so tender! The wait staff was awesome as well!!!! Thanks for a great time!!"  but sooooooooo worth it!!"  you get to the walk up window where you check out their ever changing specials menu board or the regular menu with a wide variety of fun dishes to choose from. They also have a full bar with a drink menu which I was pretty happy about! The food is all made in house with the very freshest local ingredients  in the middle of a neighborhood in downtown Phoenix . My boyfriend and I have been here now let's say 7xs and I'm shame to say I'm finally writing a quick review. There food is delicious and fresh. Check out my pictures I definitely recommend this outdoor diner to everyone you won't regret it. My favorite is the koko; crispy moist fried chicken in between delicious biscuits with a spicy cream sauce and fresh tomato and arugula with a side of sweet watermelon !" Great little funky place.  Unique food done very well.  Inexpensive place to chill out open late.  period. You won't regret it."  I am still in a food coma..." It's wonderful that such a unique place exists in the neighborhood - love having cool places to show people to prove that Phoenix really is a fun place to live."  with love and attention to detail. Someone came out and checked on me while I was eating This place is awesome! It totally remind me of hole in wall joint in San Diego. The vibe is great and the food is amazing. You know it's a great place to eat when the line is hitting the street. "Be ready for yum. These guys hit all the right notes - quality food with no pretense. This is what diner food should be. Get a nice drink to start  a great spot to stroll into in the morning after a huge night out on the town their Bloody Marys will make you feel just right again!!!" Hands down the best brunch I've ever had. Inventive "some of the best food in downtown phoenix hands down & fantastic customer service!! i love the consistency of this place The pulled Jack Fruit was magnificent! Super convenient and a nice home feel.  local and comfortable. It's one of the few...actually ONLY respectable restaurants that I can walk into on a Friday and Saturday at 7pm without a 2 hour wait or calling ahead for a reservation. I hope welcome diner is preserved forever Favorite new spot: 1. Best biscuits in Phoenix. 2. Amazing food. 3. Delicious libations. 4. Great staff. 5. Reasonable prices. 6. Crystal's Hot Sauce. Dk7idKMGFO_7uRZ41QSy-A Place is awesome.   No words can describe this place.    It is in the ghetto but distinguished.    Service is friendly and personable.   Well done!  it was delicious.  Ordered the beignets for dessert. They may have been the best I've ever had and that includes the originals from Cafe du Monde in New Orleans.  It's defiantly a young crowd and it gets busy but it was nice to just hang out and enjoy a beautiful warm night. The cocktail list is innovative and they know what they're doing.  Highly recommend."  and arugula surrounded by a delicious basil cashew pesto. Unbelievably refreshing. To finish we went with the honey drizzled beignets and basically licked the plate clean. Oh and also the cocktails here are amazing - heaven on earth. And we spent about $60 on all of it. Such a ridiculous bargain. Writing this from the lovely shaded patio waiting for our eggs and biscuits to arrive. We might never leave!" If in Phoenix eat here. Fried Chicken and a Champaign-a-cane. Fucking fabulous on a Sunday morn.  the best garlic chicken sandwich I've ever had. love the fries too. nice people." "Chose this diner because of all the rave reviews and wasn't disappointed! Five stars for atmosphere  comfort food with a modern twist.  The standouts that I've tried thus far are the PB&B Burger and the Big Jim.  The handcrafted libations are all done very well and they are not shy with their pours!  It comes as no surprise to me that this business is thriving and growing!  All day happy hour on Tuesdays.  Check it out when you're in the hood or downtown!" 8/10 on the hipster-o-meter. Really friendly staff. I had the big jim and my friend had the watermelon salad. Both were really good. 2 minor negatives would be the price ($9 for chicken bacon biscuit sandwich) and lack of seating.  the bill was over $20 and the food was sub-par. Will I try this place again? Possibly with some liquid courage." "What a great dive! Welcome Diner has a Happy Hour. I got Carolina BBQ fries and a homemade ginger beer.  That beer had so much ginger it tasted peppery and it is strong! So delicious! The fries were a touch too salty with the mustard based BBQ and vinegar slaw. John got a Big Jim with was a huge biscuit with fries chicken "I had a great time dining at this place. Loved the casualness of the establishment. Order from the walk up window and the food gets delivered to your outdoor patio table. The food was comfort This place is amazing! Went for some late night chow after a show. Service was great food was soooooooo good! I had the delicious best ever vegetarian jackfruit sandwich and my friend had the Mac n cheese. Recommend!  it's a large tasty portion. There's a bartender inside that makes great a great old fashioned. The seating is first come first server and there's no table service (unless you sit inside at the bar which seats about 8 people). Have one person wait in line to place your order an another hold down some spots during busy hours."  best joint in all of Phoenix. Quaint outdoor seating and the most incredible home cooked southern style dinning. Every single thing was delicious."  it is delicious. The only caviot is that the hurricanes and other drinks don't seem near as strong as they used to."  the food was excellent and the drinks were tasty. Topping it off was the outdoor seating and the crowd  but I was proved wrong for sure when we sat down. First of all the vibe here is what is (hipster) but very happy friendly people both behind the counter and what I would suspect are regulars. The employees were very helpful and patient with me taking my time to order  they make some refreshing mixed drinks (I had the Hurricane) and they also have a nice little beer selection as well. I almost forgot about that... I probably need to drink less of them next time."  and 2) there were quite a few ants on the narrow table/bench where I sat outside.  I can understand these things being ""normal"" for ""normal"" situation outdoors "I love my Mac and cheese with extra sauce and Brussels sprouts and don't forget the second generation. It's phenomenal. For the most part the staff is super inviting and ""welcoming"". I've only had a couple experiences where I've felt like an inconvenience to them. Definitely not everybody there is like that!"  and you won't be disappointed. The cocktails are great too!" And unlike a lot of the downtown establishments the hipsters working here smile and say thank you and stuff. so refreshing. thanks for being awesome!"  groovy and welcoming. When I have guests flying in town this is always my first stop after the airport! Welcome diner is life!"  and great service. The patio is fun and people watching the neighbors as they walk by just adds to the uniqueness of this food truck turned restaurant. What more do you need?"  and fried green tomato sandwich. This is also one of my favorite spots for cocktails!" The fried green tomato on a biscuit with an egg....what....that's right...go there....orgasmic flavor explosions....everybody here is like family...great concept great people and amazing food. Just reminds me of a queens New York diner with way better food. Chef Michael Babcock is nothing short of genius. Ask for the ""David"" and your life will be changed...open til 2...get your fix. See you there. Big up to Wayne *Bike parking available and free car street parking too!!" We will definitely be back and often.  :)" This is my late night joint. Fire biscuit selection. Staff is fantastic and loving. Top 5 pics In Phoenix handdddds down.  but I'd have to say the tomato was the standout. The sourdough bread they were served on was a treat in itself. We finished up with the beignets with local honey and powdered sugar which were also insanely delicious. A little different than what I've had in New Orleans In the din of a South Central Phoenix neighborhood lies a throwback gem serving up some of the most creatively constructed southern comfort dishes this side of Paula Deen's mint julep soaked dreams. Run by a bunch lads that seem to be the progeny of a hipster-hippy relationship gone incredibly right the place has a great atmosphere and spot on service to match their menu.  A definite must stop when you make your many forays in the increasingly attractive downtown corridor. "Awesome spot! It's like a permanent food truck/ diner combo with plenty of outdoor seating. Strung up lights and eclectic furniture help create a cozy "What a great little find. A little oasis in the middle of a foreboding neighborhood. Have been a few times (once twice in the same day) and not yet disappointed. Except "Legit burger! I had paradise valley burger earlier in the day and the burger here was better in my opinion. I had the peanut butter burger with bacon and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Much better value compared to PVB. I also had a biscuit with honey and it was delicious also. Great place When we got there it was late at night.(almost their close) and they were out of everything. No problem they asked us what we wanted and they made substitutes and the food was delicious. Wow. I mean yes it was late night eats but I wouls get this at any time of the day.  Looove it. I would religiously talk about how great this place was....tonight june 13 was off!!! Our biscuits came out burnt....sent back...good brought back the sandwich was super salty....fries with gravy cold the cheese stuck it all together....tell the waiter he's says....it's you!!!!45.90bill for three biscuit chickens and it's me???!!!! What a bad experience and customer service was less than one star!!!! I'm sorry welcome back diner but me and my friends family won't be back#!!!!! Hire employees that actually care! My new favorite late night food spot. The cocktails were outstanding (do yourself a favor and get the whiskey sour) and the portions were large and delicious. My girlfriend and I split the Jim Bob and it was plenty for a late night snack. My only disappointment was that it took me almost 8 months living here to find the place. I ordered a hurricane and beneigts and instantly  felt like I was back in New Orleans! Fresh and yummy! Everything we ordered came out within about 15min  I always take them here for great drinks and delicious food. My go-to drink is Whisky Sour and my go-to food item is the Little Birdy- MUST TRY! Either the Litte Birdy  mustard) and my husband ordered the  PB&B burger (burger with peanut butter and bacon).  My dish came with a few pieces of sweet watermelon and his came with a side of slaw. We first experienced a peanut butter burger at rehab where they also add grape jelly and sriracha and my husband has been on a PB burger roll ever since. He thought his burger was very tasty and ate his whole plate. I liked my biscuit dish but I think I was expecting something a little more....substantial? The chicken was really great and moist but it felt like there was something missing. I think I was expecting it to be slathered in honey/sauces but it was certainly worth the price ($8.50). I'd definitely come again but I think I'll try another dish next time."  then the grilled cheese and fried green tomato sandwich! Loved everything but the AZ heat. Go inside! ALL the staff is friendly. A must visit in Phoenix" tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  and it was a great experience. Highly recommend the koko biscuit and the hurricane! Will be back soon :)"  you would do well to pound a path to this wiggity-wack little diner in the middle of a dusty old Phoenix neighborhood. Off the beaten path  beautiful ambiance. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes to eat local food outdoor in Downtown Phoenix."  great drinks and a great al fresco dining experience make Welcome Diner one of my favorite spots in Phoenix. If you come at night sit at the big round table on the 10th street side for great views of downtown."  the food is AMAZING. We came here on a Friday night at around 7 and it was decently busy. The thing about this restaurant is they make you tip before you get your food. I made the mistake of tipping 17%. While the food came out pretty fast   finally somewhere in AZ that actually cooks the burger how you order it. Plus they have brewed in az beers to top it all off. It's hidden in a kinda sketchy neighborhood  but the decor within the restaurant makes you feel comfy and the food is so worth it!  I will definitely be going back!" "This place had some pretty spot on food! The atmosphere was pretty quaint and enjoyable. Nice little joint. Only downside was the limited hours...it'd be nice to be able to grab lunch during the week here "Food is great. Food is 5 stars. Service is meh. 3 stars for service. The gripe on the service is probably more to my personal taste. The place is very hipster This place is AWESOME. Seriously a gem in the area. I was taken here last night and returned tonight because it was a no brainier. This is the perfect spot for a late date night. Great food and awesome drinks. I am a huge fan of the ginger beer(added it to a old fashion). They have a really awesome staff that really work hard. They have great customer service skills and seem to really like working there. All around this is a great business and I will be back many more times in the future. This place is no joke. The biscuits are to die for. Pork Fries are unreal. I wish I had more room in my stomach to try everything on the menu. The service is top notch as well. Just an awesome place to eat and chill with friends or  bring your family for a late dinner for outdoor seating :) all food choices are unique and absolutely delicious. You have to try the biscuit sandwiches!! Their gravy is like no other! I loved it and I'm not a big gravy fan.  with a side dish of humor to make the evening even more fun. Looking forward to my next visit and bringing friends to experience this fabulous establishment." The staff was very friendly and while they were only moderately busy service was very prompt. There is plenty of parking on the street. I will definitely be back." Food is  an A-. Service is A+. Environment is A+++. My suggestion is to have more items in the menu. "This little gem is tucked away in a quiet neighborhood near downtown Phoenix. We happened to be driving through on the I10 and I am so glad that we stopped. The service was friendly and had some awesome recommendations as it was our first time. Everyone loved their orders Keep opening up fun places and turning around Phoenixs food culture!"  fun atmosphere. Happy Hour is great  or were here for your first time! The food was mind blowing. My family of four inhaled everything on our plates! The only disappointing thing is there is not one in our hometown! I STRONGLY urge everyone to stop by THIS IS DA BEST PLACE!! I had the grilled cheese and boyfriend has the PB&B burger and both were friggin amaze-balls. I just left in a food coma and I already want to go back. Coolest staff. Best food. AND DA DRANKS. So good. I like. Go here. By time my food arrives my friends are done eating wack services . I was the first one to order too lol had get my money back "It's kinda southern comfort food with a hipster twist.  I'm a fan.  I hear they have an awesome ""after-hours"" scene on weekends.  When I'm in that kinda mood I will try it." Such great vibes at this place and their pulled pork fries are like a dance party in my mouth so delicious! "Absolutely love this place. Great vibe BTW: Fried Green Tomato sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had!"  is very good!  The menu is pretty limited because it's a VERY small space but we all had some biscuit sandwiches and they were really nice!  Hot and fresh!"  and this is a great example. A real gem in Phoenix."  but these actually seemed to venture to the weak side - FYI."  and the poutine and I've got to say that everything is beyond incredible. Their Hurricanes are the best drinks! Staff is always friendly and the food is so worth the price. Love it!"  but their fried green tomato sandwich is better than most things in life. And I will happily come back for that over and over. I don't think I'll get tired of it "The only bad thing about Welcome Diner is that I always crave it on Mondays when they are closed! This is our go-to late night spot when we need some comfort food. But Welcome takes comfort food to another level. They use local QUALITY ingredients and I am a firm believer that this makes ALL the difference in food. We have tried lots of things on their menu: all of their biscuits and gravy. The Big Jim with fried chicken is my favorite. ALWAYS add a fried egg. Burgers. Poutine. The shredded pork fries and jackfruit meat vegan fries. We've tried a number of their specials. I ALWAYS get an order of their brussel sprouts. Beignets. I have never ever been disappointed here. Thank you for being you Come here for the righteous chicken sandwiches and greasy burgers! A PBR will sweeten the deal "Such a cute place! Perfect hang out spot with friends they close at 2am! Even cute for a first date! Not many vegetarian/vegan options though. I loved the feeling of being at home  great food. I get takeout from WD at least once a week."   if it's actually going to be good.  This is one place where not just the food speaks for itself...the service was great and the best part is how they actually bring the food out to you even though you order a food truck window." Thank you WD staff for being so bad @$$ - continue to kill it!"  awesome scene! Get the pulled pork fries and fried green tomato sandwich! Don't think twice about this place  BBQ and burger. Who knew? Treat yourself to this fun little diner and you will find yourself laughing and talking to the other guests like we did. Great food with a great staff."  health ect. and had to stop eating here because their were hardly any veggie options and we were never given a straight answer about whether any of the products were local. Vegetables aside eats me some fried chicken here mm m m m mmmmmm" "I love this place. IDK what Brentski is talking about. lol I have been going here for years... And this is my first review ever and it had to be for my favorite place in Phoenix. Everything on the menu is fabulous!! Even the PB&B burger that I never thought I would try... Amazing. Their slaw and Brussels sprouts are on point!!!  sweet and courteous. I'm visiting from Cali and I most definitely will try to come back before leaving." "Just left an awesome dinner at Welcome Diner. Staff is beyond friendly  I like the diner feel.  I had the welcome burger and he cooked it perfectly.  The poutine was delicious.  Very very good find for us.  Burger "Still the best place! I had the jackfruit po-boy and oh boy!! (I know... I'm sorry. It was just sitting there. It felt wrong not to.) also  especially the fried green tomatoes ! Can't wait to visit downtown Phoenix again and the Welcome Diner!" Also on my favorite list is Poutine Fries. Fries   but this needed one. There used to be a vegan ace in LA called pure luck. Had this bbq jackfruit sandwich that I loved. It went out of business a while ago and I haven't found one like it since. Until last night. That jackfruit po'boy was amazing. One of the best sandwiches I've ever had. My hat is off.  Honestly Food so good!  Staff so good!  Neat little old trailer and patio so GOOD!!  beer... Immensely satisfying biscuits and gravy. Cute Art Deco store front. Everything is perfect in the modern diner way as far as I can tell" "Got there at around midnight. Waited patiently to order the famous chicken biscuit sandwiches and poutin fries.  Unfortunately they were completely out of fried chicken and gravy.  Our bad luck turned into good luck because we had to go with other options.  Turns out the po boys and burgers are amazing!  Don't be afraid to go outside of your ordering comfort zone here.  Don't guzzle your drink too quickly  but it's super tasty!! Their fries are crispy and taste like real potato. The second generation cocktail is really good and I can drink those all day!" "Coolest place downtown! I'm sure them staying open for food until 2am has something to do with it. My sister and I shared a burger after a concert and it was so good we wanted more! Next time we will not share If only I could give them 1/2 a star for the unlimited cold ice water "What a little gem this place is. I really loved the cozy feel of the place. Mostly outdoor seating or you can eat inside at the bar. The food was amazing and the staff was super friendly! I got the PB & B which turned out to be really good. Who would have thought peanut butter on a burger would taste good   late night munchies happen all the time. Welcome diner always cures." tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  and the locally sourced ingredients. We split two burgers--the Welcome burger and the Blue Sky burger. Both were delicious and came with a side (we tried the cole slaw and the side salad). They have a cool retro bar and solid beer list  cute patio area. The cooks were churning out orders quickly. My boyfriend ordered a delicious White Russian stout and the blue sky burger  it's great to find a place with great food. Seating is outdoors. The food itself is awesome. I usually get a chicken biscuit. The biscuit is great and so was the chicken. They have gravy fries (putain) "I live for their jackfruit fries. A little pricy but worth it  this would normally be an odd combination but the sweetness of the pickles and the salt from the peanut butter made for a great duo. The atmosphere was very lively and happy. The service was good but when you order there is a small window that you order through and the woman/man who takes your order sticks you drink through this tiny window. This is a great Establishment and I will definitely be coming back." I will definitely be returning. There are a bunch of other delicious sounding items I'd like to try. A place with a cool  with quality ingredients. Great laid back atmosphere. Had a great time!" This place was amazing! Excellent service! Superb food! I see myself spending lots of time here with friends and/or family. Thank you!  and wonderful service. Not a lot of seating inside  outdoor setting! My only complaint is that it opens at 5..I've caught myself on multiple occasions auto piloting to Welcome Diner just to knock myself in the head for forgetting its not open during lunch hours." Good food! good fun! Shout out to the ladies jumping rope late hours! Great little diner. I've lived right down the block and never stopped in. When I found out they had food until 2am I stopped it. Love everything about this place! Burger was really good tried the fries they werent bad i like set up. Like that it didnt taste like a regular burger The fact that this place is basically in the middle of a sketchy neighborhood actually added to the appeal for me. It's a bright spot with outdoor seating that makes you want to have a good time. Can't wait to come back." "The best place I have been with all of my roommates. Definitely as good as they say! This is such a perfect  they make their own tonic water for their gin (or vodka) & tonic. They have a small menu of really exceptional dishes It was a great atmosphere with legit eats!" Best ginger beer in town!!! Food is all incredible.  Try the whole menu. Always fun to sit inside.  Hurricanes are delicious and I vote it best place to be on new year's eve! tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  mac n cheese with chorizo. I would've gone with fried chicken but he said chorizo was his preference. It was delicious. The Toddy and macaroni was perfect comfort food on a cold night. This is only one experience. I've brought everyone from friends  and the best burgers ever!!!" "Literally the best Mac and cheese in town. I journey from very far just for that! I'd write more "I'm obsessed!! Me and my two girlfriends came by here for a late night dinner and we were blown away! What amazing hospitality and food! The pineapple beer is flawless and the fried green tomato sandwich was to die for. Thank you for taking care of us so well Sometimes the line can be ridiculously long especially on first friday so just The food was better than acceptable and it was hilarious to see the expression on the window clerk's face when I ordered a Coke and no booze.  She was quite friendly though and the server also was for the most part.  The crowd seemed laid back and content to mind there own beeswax.  I'll definitely hit this joint up again at a later date. Their idea of $8+ poutine is white gravy on a sad amount of fries? Pathetic. Don't waste your time. This is my favorite place to eat when I'm in AZ. I travel all over the west and this place makes me smile every time. Great local food and the Beers are always legit. A must visit !  Cheers.  take a cheat day here and get their Mac N Cheese! It is to die for!! All their food is amazing!!"  the food is amazing. Great job in the kitchen. Drinks are awesome. Prices great. Fun and social atmosphere  the grilled cheese and the little birdie are so good and they have a good selection of beers and cocktails. Most of the seating is outside (there are big heaters for the colder months) with a very few seats inside although I have never eaten inside. Staff is very friendly and has a really great neighborhood vibe."  it's all about the grilled cheese on the biscuit with bacon added. The sides that come with the dishes are disappointing. I'd prefer a smaller/easier to eat sandwich with some sauteed veggies."  great atmosphere. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the food is a bit pricey.  But don't let that stop you from trying it at least once. (Though I think if you go once "When you see the building you might be like ew gross but then once you try the food you're like yummmm! I've been here a few times and always like my food! Drinks are good too! I would use the restroom before coming here though  we decided to try this place out. It was ridiculously expensive for what you get. Not great for kids as there are no kids menu options and they wouldn't serve a smaller portion of the $8 mac and cheese ""snack"" when I asked. Also no high chairs or booster seats. My husband had the biscuits and gravy which he said were tasty  since it's their area I'm sure we will be back before you know it!" So different. So simple. So delicious! Pretty amazing every time I've been here. First time I went with a Clever Koi cook and he knew the people that worked there so we got free samples. Can't really go wrong with anything but the fried green tomato sandwich with bacon is probably my favorite. They open later on in the day and are open until 2am. It's our #1 choice for a late night bite!"  and a generous cocktail list. For a very small price  adding Tomato Confit and Jalapeo Relish made it extravagant!" "We were looking for a late nite bite. Although nobody called us dude (sir) it was only because we were old enough to be everyone's parents. No matter Welcome Diner has made me rethink fries with toppings. Someone (chef) tell me the secret of layering your already tasty fries with savory pork and somehow keeping the fries crispy underneath?! It's one of life's greatest mysteries but I am okay with it. Can't wait to return for a homemade whiskey sour- the mix is tangy and tart and just plain yummy. Love love love this place! I can't say enough good things about it. My cousin lives in downtown so whenever I'm in the hood this is where we always choose to go. Food is to die for!  but we waited 45 minutes to get our food ... That's crazy.  Kitchen is way too small "This place is so cute! I can't get enough of it! They make their own ginger beer! Chicken and waffles! Biscuits! PBR! Huzzah! The poutine is a must try. The atmosphere is casual and friendly  within 20/30 mins of them being there AND gave them free drinks. Maybe it's because we're Asian and we were the minority at the diner." "One of the best spots to go after a night of dancing/drinking. Food is good! I've had a few burgers and they all were awesome "Beignets to die for! We happened onto this place after flying in at 11:00 pm from Philadelphia and what a find. Friendly Love their burgers.. Great atmosphere .. I suggest you guys come early to beat the rush.. The peanut butter burger is amazing.. I will definitely be back on Tuesday for all night happy hour. Being in the industry Excellent burgers and house made ginger ale.  Dinner came along with entertainment - police raid next door. Can't wait to come back!" you're great I hope to visit in the summer to keep the spirit alive !" LOVE this place! Super friendly staff and super good food. Such a good time and dog friendly!  and fries. All were delicious! The sourdough bread was exceptional. Looking forward to trying more dishes. We will definitely be back. Charming neighborhood eatery with friendly staff." They don't believe in customer service at the Welcome Diner.  Just hipster beards and mediocre cheeseburgers.  Sitting at an 8 top and the food runners can't take an order for us at the table and want us to wait in line?  This place is a hell hole. We have been waiting for more than an hour for our food on a Sunday night... I hope that it is worth this ridiculously long wait! Its picnic/family style seating in an outdoor patio that lights up nicely at night. If youre travelling to this place to eat tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw Awesome! Mac n cheese with bacon was insane!  Couldn't believe how much bacon they put in it.  Portions are huge!  Had to wrap most of it to go. "My husband and I loved this place! It has a laid back ambiance and is so unique! The food is a mix of New Orleans style and is so tasty! I'd recommend the poutine fries and the fried green tomato sandwich.  Also they make pretty good cocktails  and everything I ate and smelled was insanely delicious!"  perhaps a few bar style seating inside and a picnic style outside dining area in a downtown neighborhood. Expect to wait 20 minutes or longer waiting in line to order at the window Me and my family came to welcome diner had the no way Jose burger biscuits with goat cheese and jam and had the sweet beignets with local honey it was very succulent delicious and the bomb I give it 5 stars you got to get here  but I definitely wanna come back and try some more.  Get the ginger beer The burgers are delish fries are so good and the staff is friendly and helpful the spot is very hip and the vibe is chill I will definitely be back  but the menu items are majorly overpriced in light of the quality on the day of my visit. Plain biscuit was $4 and about the same quality as a Waffle House biscuit that sells for 1/3 of that." "My #1 Favorite place in Phoenix. That rare combination of great menu  and (Garfield) fried egg sandwich. Everything is fresh as well as the hamburgers are like a thing from the past (fantastic)!!!! Quite little in and outside seats- most importantly its cash just! Worth the drive! and an experience you must not miss!" tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  there's is by far the best. You can't go wrong with any options. Vegetarians (and carnivores) will love the Jackfruit. Plus it's got a laid back atmosphere that's perfect when you want a low key dinner without compromising for low quality food." This place is small but it has a wonderful atmosphere and great food. The patio is a great spot to sit with friends day and the staff is really nice and helpful. I love that the location is convenient if you live downtown and its a fantastic spot for late night food. The biscuits and gravy are amazing here too. I would recommend this place to all my foodie friends!  few can get those flavor profiles right). But this jambalaya? Damn! I think cajun-foodies will be extremely pleased! The taste is like homemade New Orleans cooking "Incredible. I traveled to pheonix for the weekend and ate here late-night twice. Maybe it was the condition I was in after a concert Good service and yummy food. I had the PB&B burger and my boyfriend had the No Way Jose burger. Both were good and we both enjoyed the fries. We plan to eat there regularly now! I do recommend to get there early or prepare to stand in line and wait by the fence for an available table.  very old diner from the 1940's. I did not like the burger I got but to be fair I knew it was just me and not them. I got the PB Burger which I am guessing is an acquired taste that I have not yet acquired. Ha! So I wiped off the PB and devoured all the ingredients separately for this review. I was pretty happy with the results. All the ingredients were delish. The burger juicy and tasty. For some reason I was nuts about their pickles. lol. I love pickles but these were extra wonderful to me. I also liked their Brussel Sprouts. Super cool and friendly staff too." This place is so unassuming but it will punch you in the life with deliciousness! I just think about the biscuits and the gravy and the chicken! I have only gotten my food to go because we have several kids and it looks like a cool place for date night. The hours are hard to remember. But it's yum!  and the beignets. Everything was absolutely delicious. I want to come back Cool hang. Killer food. Gives a whole new twist to what diner food can be. Totally playing to the strengths of Phoenix. One of the best burgers I've had in town. Killing it here!  I am interested in trying everything else on the menu. I guarantee we will come back. Specifically to try the poutine fries and the Champion burger. And the biscuit sandwiches. And sausage gravy. I would ask more questions of myself but I think I'd end up writing too much about food on the menu I didn't get an opportunity to eat..." DELICIOUS!!  The chicken sandwich is outstanding! Visiting Phx from SD. Found this small diner on a yelp search. We are heading to east phx for a concert. Wanted something close by but not too pricey.  Nestled in a historic district surrounded by many original cottage homes this little walk up diner has some tasty eats. My sone went for the pb&b burger peanut butter and bacon. Came with fries. He says 5 stars. My husband got the fish po boy. A big piece of seasoned grilled fish with coleslaw on a bun. Nice and meaty flavorful fish. I got tge fried green tomato sammie with roasted brussel sprouts side. The sandwich was spicey but flavorful. Only miss here were the roasted sprouts. Too much overdark roasted sprouts. The ones not too browned were good in their simplicity. A thumbs up all around. Great comfort food...happy hour Tuesday is awesome.  Go hungry and then don't eat the next day to make up for it.  Pork fries were just awesome.  what really has me coming back is the home brewed ginger beer. It's spicy and biting but all around refreshing. So unique and flavorful! Made of the exact stuff that makes this place so special." Great service!! Very friendly!! We came on a Friday night so the kitchen was a little backed up but it was worth the wait. Definitely recommend!! There aren't words... Just go. Like... Stop what you're doing and get here. Get chicken or burgers or pork fries... WHO CARES?! It's all so f*ing good!!!! "Amazing Food! Amazing staff! Amazing owners! Support this local diner  you won't be able to focus on anything else besides the incredible food."  the friendly staff. It was happy hour and we had the pork fries ($7) the portion was huge and it was really tasty. It's also a full bar and they make great cocktails!  We will be back for sure!"  but Welcome Diner is on the same street as JoBot and Melt Neighborhood is def sketch as some Yelpers have commented on... But we no scared..lol" How can you not enjoy such a unique spot - a 1945 Diner with 8 stools and fantastic outdoor seating?!!"  but we always seem to find somewhere to sit. The fried green tomato sandwich has to be the best thing on the menu!" Welcome diner was very satisfying! We pulled up and I was like crap this place is either gonna be really good or really bad. We got the bumblebee and big jack with a side of Mac and cheese (added bacon). Wasn't a huge fan of Mac and cheese... It tasted a bit strange. The bumblebee was amazing with added hot sauce. I didn't try the big Jack because he finished it in two bites which meant it was pretty good! Best cheat meal there ever was - minus the Mac and cheese. It was a bit more expensive than I thought it would be... 47 with tip. Love this place. Somewhere you can grab a bite in the evening or late night and the quality is always the best. Top notch people and top notch food. "I love this place and am proud to support their business. I feel the love and hard work they put into everything they do when I eat there; it comes through in the consistent and soul-satisfying food because of they people they hire and continue to empower. So proud to have this little  and people and customer were extremely nice!"  was very gingerly. The location was really cool. Outside seating mainly. I was in awe. Food was great. Somehow I felt it would have been even better with milk shakes on their menu. We will be back! Give it a try! You will not be disappointed!" Diner. The food and service was impeccable! If you haven't been I would highly recommend trying it! Thanks Aaron You can see the happy people that make your food from quality stuff when you get there  but character makes up for it. I reccomend it if you've got no other options." Would i be back? Unlikely."  Yum and Yum!  Not to mention the awesome crafted cocktails!  We will be back!"  but truly high-quality dishes that stand on their own.   The outside setup is perfect.   The lighting creates a pleasant and relaxed atmosphere.  This is not a fast food place.  You will have to wait for your order "Great find!!! The food is very good with a welcome unique flare!! The atmosphere is chill and comfortable! The staff is very friendly and really tries to get to know its patrons. I've had the Big Jim This place has a bit of a laid-back hipster vibe if you."  based on the clever menu but I am hesitant."   the poutine fries were weird.  It was fries with white gravy.  Not at all what I thought I was going to be getting when ordering poutine."  but we figured it out.  The food was delicious!  After a concert it hit the spot!  My only dislike was bottled soda...I just love a glass of ice.  If I'm in the neighborhood I will come back here for sure!!!" Me and my girlfriend got the pb&b burger and no way Jose a couple days ago and wow these burgers are hands down the best we ever had and the coleslaw was awesome props to the cooks!  poutine is good but shredded cheese and white gravy is very non traditional." get the chicken sandwich on a biscuit."  it is easier to talk to all of the people in your group and when the weather is beautiful outside why not  :) I've only ordered the Big Jim and it's hard to venture away from a dish you already love! There's just something about fried chicken and gravy in-between 2 biscuits that make the perfect combination! The Poutine is delicious and there is definitely enough of it to share! My friends ordered the PB Burger  chill vibe. Reminds me of some of the hole in the wall places I've found on a tropical vacation out of the country. A perfect place to have some cocktails and spend hours talking with friends while sitting on picnic tables under string lights. I recommend going at night. The food was decent  we got to add chorizo which made that dish my husband's all time fave. My favorite was the pouting fries that we shared. Gaahhhhhh lee that is comfort food at BEST! I'm a ketchup girl but these fries hit all the right notes without any added condiments. The only con about this place is that seating is outdoors. The entire time my husband and I were fighting off flies and picking out debris falling from the tree from our food (it got really windy.) I'm sure the ambiance is much better when the weather isn't so annoying  but totally worth it. I am looking forward to trying more from the menu. The staff is super friendly and great customer service. We got our food in a decent amount of time. I will be returning and recommending this place." Fun and delicious dinner spot. Get the home made ginger beer. Good for vegetarians. Great atmosphere and friendly people.  and reasonable prices - especially for happy hour. Only complaint is the atmosphere - being right by a street with cars whizzing by isn't the ideal vibe. Overall though  or a daily special. Definitely check the seasonal hours just to ensure you're going for the right meal. While we love the burgers Been here two times now for comic con rest place to chill and yummy food ! Burgers and smothered frys This place is amazing. Food is next level and so is the service. Rob was awesome. That is all Do It! Do it now! or wait until HH either way I may move onto other states of employment and residency but I hope to forever return to a place that has meant so much to me." "So I was downtown today doing some charity work with friends. One of them mentioned that we had to try out ""Welcome Diner"". So we did. OMG!!! Found my new favorite Burger spot. Everything was amazing. Literally the BEST fries I've ever had. Plus they have a full bar and ice cold beer. I highly recommend it and will be back soon. Manager Zach is really nice too!"  as well as the ambiance that made me jump through time to yesteryear and relive memories that never happened but that I always wished had happened." everything on the menu is great. top 3 burgers in phoenix. "Absolutely love every single food item I have ordered. Delicious PB burger I wouldn't go before 9pm personally unless the temp is under 90 degrees because of the seating and how heavy the food is. But this is definitely one of the best fried chicken and biscuits I've had in Phoenix so I definitely recommend checking this place out when the weather is nice." Best place in phx! I love the jack fruit sandwich! It's a fun atmosphere with great people. "I am going to hold total  judgement on this hippy hangout but be warned: check the prices BEFORE you go.  Two tiny  biscuit orders and gravy fries will set you back $30 and then add a drink with tip and tax you will be out $40.  I mean really.  Nice  place for skinny females who eat like a bird but if you are a construction worker who wolfs down 3 Big Macks Verdict:  Glad I went and had a great time!  Will I be back?  Nope.  Once was enough" Great food with customer cocktails.  Family friendly and good local people who are friendly running the place. A true delight with a short and thoughtful menu filled with well prepared grub.  bombest food in town. Their Champion burger with Mac and cheese was pretty dank. Probably the best burger and Mac and cheese I've had. Also their braised pork with fries was good too. I'm definitely coming back to this spot every time I'm in Phoenix! Btw This place has amazing food.  I had the fish and it was so good.  Spicy!   The drinks are really good too.  Check out the Ginger beer.   Come for happy hour and enjoy Be very hungry. Be very very hungry. Anything else i say would just be words."  bombest food in town. Their Champion burger with Mac and cheese was pretty dank. Probably the best burger and Mac and cheese I've had. Also their braised pork with fries was good too. I'm definitely coming back to this spot every time I'm in Phoenix! On top of that A good place to hang when the weather is cooler but I wouldn't take a girl there on a first date."  but it's the setting that makes this place awesome! It's very low key with limited seating and Christmas lights hanging in the trees. It's the perfect place to chill in a small group!" Childish at best. Will not frequent this location again. What sucks is that I've been going here since they were running out of the food truck years and years ago."   looking forward to the new location for more seating in the Garfield. The entire crew who make up welcome are truly wonderful and know how to make you feel at home. And obviously the food and drinks are the best in Phoenix." "I've been here before but missed the point. Who would've thought a truck stop -looking place with po' boys and fried green tomatoes would serve organic veggies "I love this place! The food is so good. The chicken is so moist and have no bleaching EVERYTHING on the menu is amazing! I have yet to have something I didn't like! SZvYxcvYYVRue9MXcEDjsA  don't walk -- RUN to a different restaurant." What the hell. Pumpkin goodness only comes once a year." This place always runs out of items on the menu. I've ordered the chicken fried steak twice and it never comes with the fresh bread they advertise. In this visit alone I've heard the waitress tell two tables they didn't have baked potatoe or a breakfast item. Our waitress appeared lithargic and took a long cigarette break while all her tables waited on her and the cook. It was bad enough she didn't check up on her guest often enough. The team leader is no better. She's helped us twice before. Never smiles. its enough to make someone depressed. Luckly the food they have is great on an empty stomach. Love the unlimited hot coco. Avoid the water. Tastes like algee. I have gone here quite a few times. I like having a diner close by for breakfast and newspaper reading. But this one is always short staffed. And there doesn't seem to be much management around to smooth things out. Food is usually good but staff always seems stressed out. May be due to serving hoards of poor tipping elderly. Always understaffed.  I can't tell you how many times I've been there and they have one poor server working on half the tables! their prime rib is not bad!"  if you know what I mean.  She's in need of a major ""makeover"".  The carpet has seen better days = and a dirty carpet  in a restaurant always makes me cringe.  I was there for a late lunch (2:30). I received my iced tea quickly and my menu  went there for breakfast the other morning and considering the price isn't bad." This is where I would eat on Saturdays when I working.  The service was satisfactory at best and food was always good.  it is a la carte. Ok fine. $7.99!!!! The latkes MEAL was $8.99! Had a really poor server. I think this was his first job. Got a slice of pumpkin pie to go...pretty good. Nothing that I can't get at Costco."  our server (David) is awesome very nice and friendly and he always makes fresh coffee for us :)" "Have been visiting this Coco's for several years after taking family to doctor appts. I like their menu. I like their staff. It's a nice friendly place to go sit down have something good to eat and talk. If it's HOT outside you can go in order some iced tea and it will be nice and cool inside.  If its chilly outside it will be toasty warm and they have coffee. Their soups are YUMMY! Tried the butternutsquash for the first time Great place to have breakfast at anytime the food is amazing and the service is great! Our server April was on top of everything made our Sunday brunch an experience :) thank you!  and my kdis grandma use to take them there all the time.  Out of nostalgia they wanted to stop here.  So we went in got a booth and I was SHOCKED!  There was literally trash and food all over.  I was going to ask for another booth and looked around to see they were all like that.  We ended up leaving  so I decided to give it a try.  I am not sorry!  The manager Earl and the waiter Robert were as attentive and aware of me as it gets.  They both made me feel welcome and I was seated and waited on as soon as I walked in the door.  I ordered right away and my food was ready in minutes.  The food was great "Visited between lunch and dinner:  Fast and friendly service.  Far better menu than IHOP or Denny's.  Meal combos ""Trio"" (limited time only?) are fantastic because you get a slice of your choice of pie.  Unbeatable bargain because the food is fresh Great service and a tremendous variety of delicious pies. "Really wonderful service from Coco's tonight! We had an inkling for pie and dropped by ten minutes before close "Nice location and the food was good.  Service was initially quick but quickly things went south when the restaurant filled with people.  I think we may have been forgotten when we came here but they seemed to have been short staffed.  I don't totally blame the staff The Tables were Grossly dirty on the edges.. carpet is filthy and people just hanging about on their laptops talking loudly and using the wifi..  The Servers seem nice.. but the entire Management seems to Just  Not Care.. It Needs a Good Cleaning.. Consistant cooks that know how to Cook and Maybe if Corporate came in and  took a hose to everything .. It might have a chance."  are great! This is about the 3rd or 4th time that I've eaten here. I've never been disappointed with the breakfast. I haven't tried the rest of the menu unfortunately. What keeps them from getting five stars...today... is my server. I haven't got much attention from him "Not super impressed with Cocos.  The fruit was not ripe and the calorie content on the menu was sky high!  The lighter menu was still high but it was good. However "Got a 12 Oz prime rib for lunch and flavor wise it was meh it arrived cold needed salt and 1/4 of my steak was just a chunk of fat took a nice photo  and got seated right away. 4/5 of us got the special - any burger + 1 side + a slice of any pie for $8.99! All of our orders were right and cooked just the way each of us wanted them. Our waitor and one of the cooks in the back were very attentive and kept making sure everything was tasty without being annoying and pesty like some waitors are. I'm a picky person  but the service is always...always...always inconsistent.  I'm at work and don't have time for this.  Gurrrrrr!  Somebody answer the PHONE!!!" We enjoy most of the food on the menu The food was a five but the service not so...made me ask for coffee like 5 times she kept forgetting... I would go back though "Looking for a cheap and good breakfast place?  Love this neighborhood Coco's.  Never too busy and food is always hot and fast.  Bacon crispy and pancakes are light and flavorful.  Less than 10 bucks "Mom & I are regulars. We always enjoy the food! Exceptional service by our favorite server  this terrible service was from the night shift staff." Close to my house so we go often buttt they have a seafood shepherds pie omg aaaawwwweeesone My husband and I go to the location of Coco's quite often. I love the Spicy Asian Chicken salad. The menu is varied with something for everyone. Tonight we were served by Robert but many timed we've been served by Adam. We always get great attentive service by people who are very accommodating.  It'ss one of our regular places to eat and we always leave happy and satisfied.  the food was hot and marvelous. We both ordered their spaghetti and meat sauce and we shared a piece of coconut pie (they have the best pie in town). We highly recommend this restaurant for family-style food My favorite breakfast spot the service is always great and the good is delisious and inexpensive! I ordered the steak with veggies and a baked potato for dinner. Not bad! I love bread and it came with the dark bread and white bread all for about 14 bucks! yum  there are flies flying around everywhere and the place seemed old and filthy. The wait to be seated was not too long considering it is Father's Day "The service was good here. I had an excellent waitress named April. I come in here often. She always joyful. I just have to say that the Prime Rib Burger was superb. It was juicy tender and tasty. I devoured it. I like how the don't up charge for sweet potato fries Omg great service good food.  Its been awhile since I've eaten at a Coco   Mom and I were here yesterday and again great service. So I brought my boyfriend today and again great service and food.  There cheesecake with peaches on top is the best.  We'll be back soon there peach feast ends on the 31.  Also the manager I've notice talks to the customers he'll seat you and bring you your drinks.  Again great service and food. This is a great family restaurant. Service is amazing and they always treat you like family. The food is great and the ambience is very welcoming.  We have been going to this location for several years. Breakfast is also great.. they have a wide variety of options. All the bakery products are excellent specially the pies.  so we had to wait long for them to make it again. I didn't touch my plate because I was disgusted after seeing the hair in the food and they still charged my plate for something I didn't eat Coco's is still one of the best places  in the Valley to go for good American food prepared as it always has been.  You will be glad to know that this one on 7hth Street is still open!  Some others have closed.  I've been there for dinner twice lately and had the salmon and a New York Strip Steak  The salad greens are so crispy (getting to be a rare thing most places) and they serve great baked potatoes and veggies.   Really good..  Server Adam is attentive and helpful.  the service above your expectations and the people are incredible.  Much more than we would have ever expected from a small chain-type restaurant.  Be sure to try the Cocoanut Creme Pie Had a great experience at this restaurant. Honestly had the best burger ever! Had a prime rib burger with bacon. A must have if you like burgers. The service was great as well. Plus it wasn't too busy for a Friday night.  The pie for dessert was delicious as well. Would recommend this place to anyone. "This is a 2 star at best.  The prices is not $ should be $$.  I've gone to better restaurants with a smaller bill and more food.  The staff is what made it blah service.  They were not friendly and not sociable.  We brought our two kids and our waitress was a robot who made no connection.  She dropped the food off in front of us as she was serving someone that pissed her off. The food was around the mill nothing special and nothing terrible.  So with that being said Picked up pies for thanks giving.  They were moist . Quick service . Staff was friendly.  Place needs to be remodeled Glad to see the Gluten Free menu and all the choices.   I had the GF banana walnut caramel pancakes and they were delicious. The staff is very friendly and Jarrod made sure I always had a full cup of coffee. I really  this Coco's! A group of us meet every Friday night here. We can be anywhere from 10 to 20 of us. Robert the manager and the crew in the evening make our experience perfect. The service is always great and we have never had a dinner that has been sent back. Our group has been meeting together for over 20 years around the valley. For the past 6 months we are very pleased to have our dinner at this Coco's. Good pies and simple but good food. While I rarely go to chain places this is where we came to get classic pie that is not on a diet.  but if i'm ever meandering down the streets of downtown Phoenix again and find myself looking for sustenance Food was awful looks and tasted like a TV dinner eggs looked like they were dipped in grease not impressed won't return  and Diego for setting us up with a nice quiet place to have a meeting. Very attentive and nice to be able to get breakfast or lunch."  you can order them online. The cheese pies are the best!"  my kids hot cocos didn't even come with whip cream even after the kids asked for some.  Wasn't even busy today!"  Santa Fe Quiche w/ an argula salad and cream of broccoli soup...Best part  remember what is in photo is not what you will get It's a perfect place to go when you don't feel like getting dressed up or impressing anyone. It's not like going to TT Roadhouse where it's packed and everyone looks at a non-regular like they are an alien. It's also not like going to Jugheads where it can be dark and scary if you're not a regular. Breakroom is the kind of place where it's just really easy to walk in as a non-regular and belly up to the bar and order a pint. Don't let the crackwhores and pimps scare you off. And don't let the fact that it's a bit of a dump turn you off... or do." Only thing unique and vastly different about the Breakroom is that their patrons are bonafide true-blue people probably dealin' with real-life issues - not broken nails  at 5:30 PM.  There were lots of blue collar workers just getting off work and relaxing.  Everyone seemed to just be enjoying their Friday night.  Some other reviewers said they didn't exactly feel safe I probably won't go back for karaoke unless Max (bevy of beauties in tow) and/or my Mafioso cousins from the Bay Area are with me."  but its at 48th Street and McDowell and its a Dive Bar. As far as dive bars go... it is definitely a 4 in  my books."  but it has always been a good time and is consistently our fall back should karaoke somewhere else suck or be canceled. 4 stars."  so I'm not sure what other reviewers were expecting. A towel valet perhaps? The toilets flushed and there was hand soap and towels so I consider myself lucky."  & 2 gay guys I was the only other white person there. It doesn't even matter though. The vibe is crazy drunk happy. The women are large & in charge! They all sing along to the karaoke songs they know. No  and I will bump it up to 5 stars if it happens...... SHUFFLE BOARD!!! Bring in a shuffle board and all will be well!" "Thats right 5... One of the best dive bars I have ever been to... Food is awesome and  CHEAP!!! Free pool during most days  a good one i think not. Im a strong believer that if you dont feel comfortable then trust your gut. And thankfully mine was talking to me. I will give it credit as being more of a melting pot than i thought it would be. One night I went and from what a friend that stayed told me there was a gun pulled about thirty minutes after I left. That only backed up my initial thoughts because when I pulled up I was actually a little hesitant to get out the car because of all the activity in the parking lot paired with the stares and glares. Inside though I agree that I was impressed with the wide karaoke spectrum and talent also. The guys shooting pool were no joke either!!! Service wise my only gripe was that the bartender tried to make my drink so strong it wasnt what i ordered anymore. I appreciated the gesture and tipped accordingly but politely asked for another with less of the previous gesture lol. I didnt try the food but if i ever go back i surely will." $1 PBR on Sundays! And other really great specials throughout the week. *** and they even have hooks under the bar for your purse*** totally won me over with that... such a necessity but such a hard thing to find in dives." Nice crowd never been when it was packed....its  johnny's eastside now  I don't know why I haven't made my quesadillas this way (topped with mushrooms must read!  4-stars for sure "My coworkers and I were in town from Buffalo for a work conference and were at work events all week. We were celebrating my 21st birthday and in search of a fun Karaoke bar and we found The Breakroom!  The staff If you want to just relax and post up to a bar Friendliest place in town....I've never seen a cook come out of the kitchen and ask if you would like anything and be so polite and fix you whatever. What a proactive place! Service is great. Everyone is so friendly and always checking up on you. For sure a place you would want to check out. Service was great...The staff was very friendly. I came here to grab a bite to eat with some friends and shoot some pool and we had a great time!!! We just happened to show up on taco Tuesday and the carne Asada tacos were great!!!...I will definitely be back Love this place!!! Reminds me of my favorite dive bars back home! Food is excellent too. "Great dive bar! Polite bartenders and some interesting drink specials. The food is phenomenal and portions are extremely generous. Only dive bar in Phoenix serving Pinot Grigio :-) Drinks and food are reasonably priced. Four well-kept pool tables "Great vibe and good times! Was here on a Tuesday of all nights. Karaoke and pool. Great group fun or if you single and ready to mingle. Gotta eat the chicken wings  the food is delicious and very reasonably priced! Don't miss their wings and reuben. Great place to watch football - plenty of TVs W41CEzdKJe8wdDB-Rd6KJQ  good stuff here. definitely not for people who are used to quiet bars though" Had a awesome time. Adrian was a very sweet bartender and we had no problems with redeeming our coupon. The cook was great and the vibe was good. Even got to know a few people. Everyone was friendly. Only one bad thing we had so much fun I am paying the price today. Lol We will definitely be back. "Not only do I love this place the ""7days in a crack house"" made by Krystal is the sh*t. The wings is the truth to. Everything you order is amazing." "Best pool hall in town... The service was exceptional!! Krystal is the best bartender EVER!!! I will definitely come back to this bar! Oh and btw Nice pool Hall with exceptional service. They were having karaoke which was quite entertaining. Played a few rounds of pool with some old friends and had some reasonably priced drinks. When I make my way back to Phoenix I will definitely stop in here again everyone was very friendly the bar staff was awesome!! The food was great but it was very frustrating that the drinks and kitchen are separate. It does not make sense that we could not pay for everything on one tab. The business needs to figure out that one of the companies pays out the other...etc.  cheap games but I wouldn't recommend eating here. Roach dying on floor. The bartender saw them but didn't say anything. (You should of seen her eyes) It's a dive bar so it is what it is. I still go here but don't recommend ordering food. And at least it was dying right?" Business owner reached out and was extremely apologetic/will fix the issue. 5 stars for good service The bar service is good. What sets this place apart from other bars is the kitchen. Junior hooks it up! The wings are amazing and everything else from the kitchen is amazing. I have never had a dish at this place that wasn't very good.  so were in search of a great local bar. This place is awesome. Casual A little bit of a dive bar but I come here primarily to shoot pool. A little rough around the edges but supporters of O-sports (Ohio State and Oregon) hang out here so it feels like home in some ways. "Possibly the best bar I have been to in Phoenix. If you're looking for a chill hole in the wall place with friendly staff P.S. They have a touch tunes jukebox you can control from your barstool. BAM!" "Meghan and Jason are the best things that could've happened to The Breakroom!  Jason can cook like no one else. No matter what you order it will come out legit  it was early they had just opened. Jason asked if we were ready for breakfast and we ordered the #2 breakfast. 10 min. later he put 2 giant platters in front of us. WOW what a meal  This is the second time I've been to this bar while on business trip. Service is always amazing and although we rent a place in Scottsdale we will always come here. Krystal is a great bartender and never left us hanging. If your in AZ come for a drink and great food! Great place for a burger and beer. Friendly staff and fun atmosphere pool tables and regular people having a good time not pretentious in any way.  sweet bartender with a fantastic sense of humor! My first time here with my out of town friend. She has been so hospitable and friendly. Kitchen was closed when we were thinking of ordering but I cannot wait to try the wings!! They looked and smelled SO good!! I am so glad we came here. I will definitely be back and will share this welcoming bar with everyone I come across!!" "It's all about a good bartender!  Latoya will make you feel at home from the minute you walk in!  And they have a great cheeseburger too!  Highly recommend this place for a chill evening of dinner The bartender Mandy was top notch...the cocktails were expertly made & she was pleasant...not bad to look @ either! Plenty of tv's to watch the games...we had a nice time for a reasonable price. It's a friendly dive bar. Pool and darts and beer no extras. I have never eaten here. The bartender Krystal was great!  The cook even came out and talked to me.  The place made me feel like I was welcome and home.  The pool tournaments they have have on Monday  Wednesday and Friday are great!  I had a great Time! Stopped in here bc it was listed on the Crafty Bastards list but when I asked the bartender about it she had no idea. They do have a few local beers in bottles. Couple on draft but nothing to really applaud. Zombies have taken over this restaurant.  It's more ""Shaun of the Dead"" than ""My Dinner with Andre."""  we're here for lunch so we have to go kinda fast"" they would always hustle to get us out on time.  So is it my spot of choice I mainly go here for the appetizers and beer during happy hour" This location tends to have horrendous service. One time we had to wait at least 30 minutes with empty dishes and cups and no check. We almost just left!" Two stars only if you stay in the bar and stick with beer and appetizers." "It's cheap good food.  Not outstanding but you get what you pay for so you can't really complain.  And lets face it  for making it a little easier to meet people for a quick lunch without having to completely sabotage my diet.  The only reason I'm not giving it more stars is the service - what can I say "Not only is the food overpriced and barely edible  apologize for our waiting time and the food came in 5 minutes after we ordered. What make me even more surprise was the manager came into each table and greet us and making sure that everything was okay and we got whatever we need. I definitely satisfied with the service and it leave a good memories. Thanks Apple Bee's for beyond standard service!"  9pm - Close. Half of drinks (no appetizers)." "What can you say... It's Applebees. If you don't set your expectations too high you probably won't be disappointed. The service during my visit was prompt and pleasant. The cheeseburger sliders were good; they were no White Castle but then  the Manager at 44th street & Thomas has to be less passive to annoing customers who play their rap music on their cell phones. I doubt that we will revisit that establishment anytime soon." "I have eaten at this Applebee's many times over the last 10 years. I think the food is very average and although I do not eat here very often. When I do the staff is always friendly and provides assistance in regards to the menu when needed. There happy hour is awesome and appetizers are 50% off during happy hour. I have had there baby back ribs - It's an American corporate chain restaurant  nothing less. Predictable chain food So of course you already lower your expectations when going to applebees however we have a new low here folks. Within 5 minutes of parking my car was broken in to with a laptop and luggage for a weekend out of town stolen. If that is not bad enough 3 seperate customers reported this to management and did they do they right thing of telling their customers...well of course not. I walked out an hour later and when I reported it to management their response was we were too busy to tell anyone and this is a bad neighborhood so what do you expect.  If you choose to eat here keep your eye on your vehicle and don't expect management to do anything that resembles the right thing for their customers.  Applebees again proves they are McDonald's with wait staff and alcohol. The worst applebees in town. Vehicle was broken in to 12 days ago within several items stolen and still no one from management has contacted me for resolution.  Steer clear of this restaurant. "It's kinda my fault. I should have yelped this location first. But most Applebee's I've frequented have been decent.  The service was good. But the food wasn't up to par. My wife and I had their 2/$20 deal. Spinach & Artichoke appetizer was so-so. Not much flavor. My wife had the blackened chicken & penne pasta. She says it was ""alright."" (I made the same thing at home last week and mine was better) I had the chicken and shrimp skillet. The shrimps were small and just warm. they were probably cooked ahead and spooned on top later. The chicken breast was overcooked and dry. Served with fried red potatoes and a mushroom and onion stirfry  but fast service place to eat supper and chose Applebees. The place was crowded and the wait was 15-20 minutes. I ordered the blackened steak medium rare. It was delicious! My friend ordered the blackened talaptia (fish for Lent) and said it was good. Thanks for a nice evening out I'm giving them 5 stars because they deserve it."  and once they are done flirting with the table next to you  every sentence started with ""I can't"" or  ""You can't"".  The manager made me hate this place even more."  on occasion I do hit a chain. This one was there for a very tired chick who needed some hot food and a nearby Target!" I have gone to this Applebee's countless times and each time the food has been okay and the waiters have been mediocre. I liked the food that they have but for the past 3 times that I have gone. My food took ONE HOUR AND A HALF. That was unacceptable to me! They also didn't give a discount or even sorry for the inconvience. I remember seeing a commerical of how the food needs to be made in 30 minutes during happy hour or it all will be free. I guess that doesn't apply! Its probably another scam to bring customers in. I also didn't give the waitresses a tip each on of the times that the food was late. My friends and I were about to leave because the food took so long to come. I had ordered a simple spicy chicken salad and that took almost 2 hours to prepare. Other people's foods were being made before us when they had clearly come later then us. Probably not going to this place anymore more for late night food. Do not eat here. Terrible. "A week or so ago I went to this particular Applebees and left pretty upset. I immediately went home and wrote a comment about my unhappiness and told them I would never return because of the service received that day (note that this is the first and only time I've received bad service from this location). The next day I received a call from the GM  and prices Are great. But not at this location. The service sucks. And if you ask for a booth table they get pissy with you. It takes forever for them to bring the drinks. I don't like this location. I drive further down the road just for the better service." I sure hope we get a different server if and when we ever return." 0/10 would never ever recommend." The shrimp is good itself with the sauce on the side" Was not impressed with my too oily & tasteless shrimp meal. I walked out wishing I went to Chili's.  but nothing very impressive and definitely not worth the $9.99 price tag.  We sent back the Fish and Chips and it took a pretty long time to get the replacement meal we requested.  Not planning on returning ever again.  Service was quick  kids meals came when we were done eating and they were stone cold!  The one manager is very condescending & could care less.  Could be a major reason this Applebee's is going downhill.  I'll be happy to drive to north Scottsdale or even Elliot. They both have more responsible employees & managers that care."  and now today too. My girlfriend had to leave work she's so sick (I told her not to go into work with food poisoning...) It was probably the chicken wings. At least its friday now so we can be sick at home and not worry about working." This is a great spot to hang out with family and friends. I mostly come for the sincere service and the crazy karaoke nights. But I just found out last weekend there isn't anymore Karaoke by the wonderful host Stew. They are in need of someone ASAP. My father in law is a big fan of singing every Saturday but that won't keep us out. It's kid friendly and even a nice girls night out. This location does get a little busy I did notice that the soap was out and they didn't have papertowels but that just shows how popular this place is and one of the waitresses got to it right away.  I love that 2 for $20 and $24 can't believe it even includes an appetizer. This time I treated myself to their shrimp plate and picked my favorite sides of a perfect portioned fruit bowl and a warm scoop of mashed potatoes. I thought I'd actually get to have leftovers but I devoured the whole meal and had a little of everyone else's mouth watering meals. Having a group of people around definitely benefits you because each meal gets better and better. Too bad we were all too full for all their delicious desserts I'll definitely be back for that Maple Butter Blondie Consistency is everything." I will not be going back for some time. This experience was very frustrating." Their happy hour menu looked really appealing - half off all appetizers & specials on their drinks. We'll probably be back for that." The barista gave me a complimentary cookies and cream shake!  Nice!  My little heart was warmed... :-)" Went there with a couple female friends late night for reverse happy hour and the male bartender was rude and made derogatory remark towards my female friends. When I called the manager over she was sympathetic but I will never go there again "This apple bees is pretty awesome. Everytime I come here I seem to get the same waitress.  Destiny is and princess incredible service. The food here is decent We will never go back.. we have tried twice on our lunch break and our orders were wrong so they had to be remade which left us no time to eat. servers were rude .. we were late both times back to work.  the menu sucks. Anyway we got our appetizer within 8 min then we got our food 10 min later. I got the new pineapple burger which was mostly just meat and bread could hardly taste anything other than that. And it was soooo small. My bf got the mushroom Swiss LUCKILY he saw a long hair strand stuck in the cheese before he took a bite! GROSSSS! We sat there 10 min before our waitress finally came back so we had to wait another 15 min so they can remake his burger that time I didn't want my burger so we just took them both to go. Took about 7-10 min to finally check out. Also I believe the manager past by us and didn't bother saying anything or ask us how we were "I ordered pick up from this Applebee's earlier today and was honestly so shocked at how good the service was that it deserved a review. Every single person I dealt with was polite  I will go to this location simply because of the service we received."  and she was not attentive whatsoever. I myself have worked in the restaurant industry and know how stressful and chaotic it can be but she did not even ask us if we were okay. We ordered the appetizer trio and our entrees after. It took 45 minutes for our food to get to the table  so I panicked and brought it on a business trip. Ordered the baby back ribs and was absolutely amazed at how good they were.  However this is Applebee's YO (and not a good one).  The bartender seriously looked like a crossing guard at the local middle school.  The staff was definitely plucked from the 40-60 age group "I love Applebee's! I've only been to this location but they're always friendly and patient with us. Karaoke nights are also really fun! The food is always nice and warm  after that everything else went downhill. My server was very untidy and she took forever to get my food. She looked like she had just finished her day shift at a pizza shop and forgot to change her dirty apron which was caked with white dust. Brought me a meal different from what I ordered and didn't have the guts to apologize for it. The food came on a skillet which was supposed to be sizzling but it was cold. Very unappetizing with overlooked onions and a very tiny piece of meat. Place wasn't that busy so I fail to understand why it took over 30 min to get my food. And it looked like a dog had passed on the food then it was brought to me. When she asked me how the food was I ended up drinking water." It isn't surprising that this place is only 2.5 stars.  Is there a manager charge?"  and the sauces.  The manager didn't even offer to discount the food and the poor Togo boy was running his butt off trying to make things right for two other Togo customers! Never again will I order Togo from this awful place!"  and a few minutes later they appeared. He didn't return until 24 minutes later to take our order. The appetizers had clearly been sitting out as the dips had dried up on the top. The food literally took 47 minutes to come out after they finally came to order it. When it did come This was my first time to an Applebee's. I had a bunless burger and a salad and both were delicious! The lady came back multiple times to check on is and keep refilling the water. Overall great experience and if back in that area I'd give them another try!  stale beer; I wonder if the floor mats have ever been cleaned. I have received good service here before but my experience eating alone at the bar was horrible. It took forever to be greeted This was the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant. We order drinks when we sat down 10 minutes later my husband got up to go to the bar was still sitting in the the reader and they had not filled it. The manager brought it to the table. Then while we were sitting 25 minutes waiting for our food we noticed another customer at the bar trying three times to get the manager and the bartenders attention by waving. They didn't give her the time of day we had to flag him down and get their attention so that they would pay attention to the people at the bar. Are food came 25 minutes later. And yep you guessed it it wasn't correct. We had asked for water didn't get it another girl came by and asked if she could remove my cup I said no I would like some water please she said all will let me just take it and I'll bring you another glass of water over 10 minutes later she brings me a glass of water. We had to ask for our bill so we could go and when we got it I walked over to the manager and let her know that I felt that the service was inadequate and she said oh you're the one that had to weigh me down she fully acknowledge that she had to be waived down to serve a customer she didn't offer to pay for our meal she just apologized to pick up our bill and Cassius out. Way to go Sally that's great customer service we will not be back  under staffed whatever not to big of a deal the issue was our server. I don't know if she had a bad case of resting B**** Face or what but she just seemed like she was annoyed with our existence. This is when it really gets bad about half way through eating my burger I got stabbed in the mouth by something sharp when I pulled it out it was a bone! Now I'm not the one to complain about my food and it was really good up till the end so I just ate the fries and was just done with the burger. ( I was to grossed out to finsh.)  I wish I would have said something. I have spend my whole day off from work sick as ever. I got food poisoning. I will never eat here again. I'm just so sick and annoyed I spent money to just get food poisoning." Too slow. 25 min to get dessert to go at 10:30pm. Don't see any food coming out of kitchen. So they are not too busy making food. Terrible service and terrible dry food I wouldn't recommend!  I don't know how they are still open! Literally I am going to Taco Bell where I can spend $5.00 and be much happier and better experience.  and very passive aggressive. After we waited over 30 mins for our food she handed out food to us purposely allowing the smoke to go in our faces. When we asked for boxes because we were upset she just said okay and walked away with out asking if anything was wrong. After waiting another 5 mins "Nice place. Not fine dining of course. Clean environment  & happy employees. Had a good time & can't beat the prices for the portions & quality. I know everyone is a critic & wants $1 well drinks or giant kids meals  you have to wonder how a location with consistently bad reviews seems to get occasional 5 stars. Shill much maybe?" If you love frozen food come here and eat... One star for great customer service and one star for my strawberry lemonade drink .... everything else is tastelessssssss...  the girl that was responsible for bringing out out order was rude. She brought me the ticket and then went and complained to another employee about how much she hated working there. Once she looked over and saw how irritated I was I've been coming to this location for two three years... Always clean and never too hot or cold....I usually sit at the bar so don't know the servers well but bar staff are all cool.... Some of the old timers are gone but still a few I recognize.... I used to love the sirloin but this last time a lil too chewy for my style....  They usually have five or six diff draft beer options with one or two taps rotating... They have summer shandy as the only seasonal right now....... All time fave dessert is the Blondie and always will be This place is by far the worst Applebee's ever dirty smells like a MacDonald's play place awful food and even worse service never again will I eat here and I like apple bees but this one was bad food made be feel sick and nothing was remotely clean menus had greesy hand prints on them and on and on. BTW the waitresses are not attractive and that's a must to top it off . Waiter is ok. Food is bad. Cold food and waited forever till anyone came to get our drink order. Worst experience.  the couple next to us had to return their chicken. I guess the cooks like everything rare!"  I mean 5 little pieces... BBQ spiced fries served as regular fries with a spice to pour over? Showed the waiter my burger NO ACTON! BOO HOO." I ordered a mild chicken wings and I got spicy. I ordered medium stake and got well done. I waited for a while for my food. The food did not taste good at all. The only reason I came here was because of their 2 for $20 special which was all chicken--portions are mediocre! I will think again before I go back to Applebee's." I was very disappointed with the food.  The theme for the lunch was dry. The Mac and cheese was...dry.  The chicken was...dry. The wings were...dry.  I don't know if it was leftovers reheated from last night or if they mass cooked the standard dishes in the morning and kept them on the heater. "Great server but when I come in with a toddler I expect a children's menu. I asked twice and never got one. There were 5 tables at the time in the restaurant. I get it  great people for the sit down. The car side to go? Not so much. Very slow  the chips were the kind you bit from the store. Salsa was soo small there was no point. I then ordered the classic burger. It was pretty burnt even though I said medium rare. Had no bacon and it just looked a hot mess! Fries were small portion and soggy. Definitely the last time coming here. Such a shame."  nothing good but the good intentions of the server (Ben) he was the only good in between all the horrible experience."  the brownie we ordered looked like 1) someone had cut a piece off for themselves before putting it in the container and 2) it had been left out for a long time. Also the disappointing amount of ice cream was melted in the 3 minutes it took us to get home because the To Go server put the hot food on top of the dessert container... common sense people.. I sent an email to corporate  but the pleasant atmosphere was almost worth the $25." I am going keep this one short I do wish they gave more and were less stingy but oh well I mean its a sports bar and the prices are mid priced so they pull one over us." Typically Applebees. Friendly service however if you order bar drinks it usually takes a while. I love their lunch specials and the 2 for $20 or $25. "Usually great service. Not going to lie usually they mess up my order but are willing to fix it with no attitude that's The only reason I go back. Food is good My husband and I had lunch there today  my friend jalapeo mango margarita was warm and tasted solely of mango pure. Then the food took 30 mins plus and when it arrived it was cold Service was great all in all. Food came out within 10 minutes. Waitress constantly stopped by and made sure we were doing okay. Will stop by again!" I try to avoid this place as much as possible." The damn waitress just horible! I will be giving this place another shit since my daughter picked this place for her bday. Hopefully we get good service and my daughter enjoys herself.  but our server was what made our experience great!"  and underwhelming service. I'll never go back to this location ever again. I gave it 2 tries  but it was nice to not see them around. They were actually wearing uniforms this time and seemed like they cared about the customers. I don't know what the manager did "Really good happy hour prices! Open late so that's a plus  it must be fantastic."" After all Boston does have the Celtics. And they gave us Kristin and Jared. But can they pull off fast food. Yea  and the apple pie is almost unedible.  I will definitely try something else next time." Comfort food... Basic down-home dinner. :-) sometimes ya just gotta.  the food is fresh and I'm always in and out. Most of the time I'm picking up food for the whole office so one of the employees told me that i can call and order over the phone to make it easier on me which was great! I love going here The price was great and id recommend it to families or anyone just wanting a decent meal So I have been there TWICE in the past week now im hooked! lol fresh clean ! Tasty! I love there Coke cups maket he soda taste just better! Service is great Chefs are friendly New fav place! lol = ] Enjoy guys!  and the sandwiches are rocking! Definitely a home cooked alternative to the fast food competitors. Service with a can do attitude and smile. This is one place that truly appreciates their customers." "I love my comfort food and Boston Market always fits the bill.  I have always loved the rotisserie chicken but on this trip I decided to try the Ribs.  Flavorful and tender they were good but were not served hot as expected.  It was almost like they were prepared "Let's be real. Its Boston Market. They aren't reinventing the wheel.  But the food came out hot and fresh tasting. And the service was super friendly.  Theresa anticipated my needs and the line worked fast.  If anything I love Boston Market. I do not know how to cook and so the food there is always better than mine. The best part is if you buy a meal during the week they give you a coupon for one half off on Saturday.  Great value and it heats up well. "A good location. Everything here is always fresh "Have been craving boston market a lot lately. They have stellar originator chicken. Go here once evrey couple weeks. Staff is friendly  good mix of spicy and sweet and probably the best sauce for chicken ever."  Sweet Tomatoes closed next door and this was my next choice. It also offers free wi-fi."  service and place.  Always fresh."  I wish Phoenix had KOO KOO ROO Chicken like they do in LA....They are way better than Boston Market." This Location Closed on Monday May 18th.  Sad to see them go.  but of the two comparable restaurants  took our drink and appetizer order and quickly disappeared. For quite awhile. Cue the Jeoporady theme music. Once our iced teas and the new appetizer (tuscan cheese bread extravangza) arrived we sipped and dipped. Not bad.Raspberry tea with an univited yet delighted visit by vanilla and the cheese spread was rich and yummy served with a spot of diced tomato  for a neighborhood chain restaurant  these guys have been at this location for over 8 years and they know what they are doing." cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg  but the greasy chips were a little too much. kinda funny that the buffalo wings weren't greasy at all. my fav's were the spinach dip and the wings. the spinach dip was served in a kettle pan and there were big chunks of artichoke in it. the chips tasted freshly made but were a little greasy for my liking.  i'll give them another try  he was very pleasant and efficient.  Staff over all was nice really  this particular Applebees kinda sucks on Karaoke Tuesday's because the d.j.'s aren't as entertaining as other d.j.'s at other Applebees. I was sad about that! But the host's are so damn nice  pleasantly surprised with the quality & price for a casual dining experience. Thank you Steph It seemed like the food took forever to come out to the table.  I don't think we were complicated just had a lot of people.  Applebees please staff your restaurant appropriately  but that made the atmosphere fun to me. The only down side was the wait to get in was at least 20 minutes to a half hour "Good for a cheap date. Food is okay  but every time i go there I feel the service is not that great the food always takes so long. I got a soup and salad lunchtime deal and it took like 15min which i know is not that long but for salad and soup?? They are never that busy but again the service is slow My first time ever eating at an Applebee's establishment was last Monday. Apparently the have happy hour here from 9-until close. We arrived around 9:30 so our margaritas were only 3 bucks. We also ordered off of the 550 calorie & under menu which consisted on us getting a steak or chicken variation. The food as well as the service was very good. I bought drinks for myself & a friend plus my food brought our bill to only $27. All in all a pretty nice experience for a casual restaurant.  I was pleased particularly with how busy it was."  I ate there on Wednesday and it is now Friday.  I have not had solid food or been able to keep anything down since I went there.  In an area that has so many great places don't go there.  Keep driving east on Camelback and hit one of the many other restaurants on that street."  i would return to this restaurant soon. Maybe during happy hour." Great happy hour prices on weekdays and friendly staff. Food is what you'd expect from an Applebee's. FYI:  Make sure you go you bring your own hand wipes.  The bathroom is nasty."  but not absolutely horrible. Their sirloin choices are perfect for when I want to keep the calories as low as I can at an Applebee's (I really should be going to Sweet Tomatoes next door "My first time going to Apple bees I was impressed with the setting and the food. It became my favorite restaurants afterwards. I especially love the Trio Appetizer. It's a great meal and at a good price. Their wings are the best. Their fries are excellent. The service there is pretty good and most of them are friendly. I like Applebee because of their food  I don't know these fancy drink names. I told her what it was and that it's been around forever. My wife ordered a frozen strawberry lemonade and got a regular. When ordering our food she laughed when I specified no poblano peppers or any spice. I ordered a weight watchers meal as I wasn't too terribly starving. When our food came she just assumed that my wife who is larger than I wanted the weight watchers. I was completely appalled. I spoke to the manager at once told her everything and explained we were leaving and I was paying for nothing. Next time I visit Phoenix this will not be where I go." Always a good place to come. I love happy hour as all appetizers are half off! Makes for a decent break on the wallet. Usually pretty pack especially on weekends. Come early!  and this one has a nice feel to it. I think overall they have fair prices and a good selection. I wish they wouldn't have changed their menu so much. They took away my all time favorite dessert  ice tea refilled on a constant basis. Very very good!" cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg "Decent for an  Applebees. Bartender was a somewhat overly flamboyant gay dude but he was ok. He seemed to stir up bar drama with the wait staff. Other patrons seemed to enjoy his drinks so whatever. It's applebees so the microwaved food is pretty predictable so stick with what you know. Patrons ran the entire spectrum to include an 85 year old white guy regular sitting at the bar gumming down a dry ass steak. This placed lived up to it's neighbood bar identity as I sat next to the aforementioned geezer i love this applebee's !!!! everyone is super friendly!  for dessert i recommend getting the blondie! so yummy Came here for a birthday party with about 13 of us from the office. Food was good and the price was right. I had the lunch combo with the 4 cheese Mac & cheese with bacon and honey pepper chicken and the California shrimp salad. Both were tasty. The best part though was the $.99 brownie bite with a tiny scoop of ice cream for dessert. Just the perfect size! Service was good especially considering how big our party was. If you decided to go to Applebee's for a late night snack.  You should try out the wings."  then 15 min after seated to get iced tea and water. Walked out after 20 more min and no sign of server or salads...."  I did just that and ended up with a rather dry and tasteless hamburger.  I was very disappointed to say the least."  we got up and left. All the host said was ""leaving already?"" Really?! He said it in a tone as if he wanted to know if the table was now 'available'. Will never I back. I am not the biggest fan of Applebee's  but nice place to have some fun with friends and family..."  but I was also charged for the meal that they took back and my meal that I had to wait over an hour for that I never got to eat because it was already so late.  We had to wait another 5 minutes while they removed the first dish from our bill.  I still paid for my dish and the side.  This place was convenient Their quesadilla burger gave me food poisoning. 'Nuff said.  they said it would have to be another 40 minutes because when they had called our name the first time they crossed our group off!!! Needless to say we told them they were the dumbest lousy people in the world and left to eat at Zipp's on Bethany Home near 15th street We went for their new ribs. They were cold then heated up and re served.  Horrible. Unable to eat. Left without eating. Manager was apologetic. Just horrible. Terrible service sitting at the bar for happy hour. My glass sat empty for long periods of time.   A passing waiter actually saw the empty glass and gave it to the bar tender. Sad.  he was very attentive and got everything correct! He turned my experience around for such an awful beginning." "FILTHY! I ordered the 9oz house sirloin via Delicious Deliveries. The delivery was very late (not Applebees fault) and I wish we hadn't ordered from there even before I tasted my food. The serving portion was small considering the amount of money I'd paid. The mashed potatoes were filthy and the steak was like rubber Not coming back to this particular Applebees."  he was doing his best. Will not be returning with all the late night choices down Central." I don't like waiting 30 minutes for my drink and I have to order my second drink as I am half way through the my current drink." I am here at least 2 days a week sometimes more "These type of chain places are noy my jam- It was OK- they do have some pretty awesome Happy Hour Specials on drinks and food- that being said  stuffed anyway and the missing item was quickly taken off the bill. The bartenders on 1-9-15 were attentive and great given how busy it was. Will definitely go back." Like I get it.. It's Applebee's and I shouldn't expect a lot but our food was awfulllll. The 13 dollar salmon portion was less than half the size of the picture and all of the vegetables that came with it were obviously frozen with no flavor and a gross feeling in your mouth :/ I would only go here for a cheap drink!! (They aren't strong though so.. Maybe I won't be back) The food was great as always. But Ben the server tried to charge us for every item we picked instead of 2 for 8. He fixed the problem but then proceeded to tell me that it was my job to let him know exactly what I wanted next time so it's less confusing. Last I checked I'm pretty sure that was the servers job. Thanks for fixing it Ben but next time don't make the customer feel responsible for you mistake. Thanks. cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg Waited and waited for a table at lunch time. Two parties (each with two in the party) came in after us (we were also two) and both of them were seated before us - one pair was even seated at a table in the area we requested. We left and I will never return. The food isn't worth that kind of treatment. "My friends and I enjoy coming here to visit Lonnie who bartends.   Wonderful service  pickle and onions cooked 'pink' (not rare or well-done; just right). Super juicy on a perfectly toasted bun. I would have ate 2 if my stomach had room. Fries were good and french onion soup is above average. I would give 5 stars but they were short staffed and drink refills were hard to come by and they forgot our soup so it came with the meal instead of before which we made sure to request to avoid that. Despite that small inconvenience On a Thursday it took 15 min after being seated for us to get our drink orders. The waiter couldn't have been any more socially awkward. Also we got the Spinach Artichoke dip and the chips were SOAKED in what I'm assuming was grease. There was not enough people on the floor to help the server out."  the service was poor and the AC was broken and could not be shut off.  The back section of the restaurant was probably 55-60 degrees."  Thomas. He was so sweet and so attentive. It is so rare to encounter someone who you can tell actually enjoys their job! Keep up the good work I went there on Friday night late -  bartender was super nice. He said he was new and from outta town. Usually I'm not a fan of corporations but this bartender was really cool. I've been here a couple times and the food isn't good and the draft beer is almost always flat.  great bartender who kept the drinks coming and made sure to keep tabs on the slow food order." cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg  appetizers and even food. It's a chill environment is usually have a great experience but my waiter was not the best  hardly any pink at all and the baked potato was cold.  All the other food was great!  I brought the issues up to the manager and he was so kind and professional.   He cut our bill almost in half.  I was pleased with his attention and caring for customers.  Thank you!" Was not happy with the food! Pasta was served without its sauce.. And after getting the sauce was still flavorless. The kids food was bad tasting as well.. Applebee's has lost their way.. :(  and we wanted refills were wanted & I wanted another beer.  We sat at our table with no drinks trying to eat our food for at least 20 mins.  That is unacceptable.  I had to ask the hostess to have Marc come back.  He finally came over and we ordered refills.  Throughout our experience there & with Marc  goes a long way. I wasn't expecting a free meal but it would have been nice to least offer another side to make up for the contaminated mashed  potatoes. Also We have been to this location a few times with varying levels of success.  None have ever been great. We actually hadn't been there for about a year when we decided to give it another shot a few nights ago. We walked in about 8:30pm and it wasn't busy. Stood around for at least 5 minutes before we were seated. Once seated we waited 8 to 10 minutes for our waitress to even come over. We placed our order and when the waitress brought our food she just set it down and quickly walked away. Normally this wouldn't be a big deal except one of our meals was the total wrong thing. She was no where to be seen for several minutes. In the time we were waiting I took a bite of my steak and spit it back out. It tasted bad. It was gray looking inside and had a funny taste. So the waitress finally comes back and we tell her one of the orders was wrong and grabs a menu and procedes to debate what we ordered. She just wrote down the wrong thing. We ended up not eating. Our meal was ruined. This is the worst Applebee's ever.  my wife ordered a hamburger with an egg (can't remember the name). The egg was Sunnyside up. When we asked them to cook it completely we were told they would burn it. I asked why they couldn't cook another egg....the kitchen manager said ""no one wants it that way"". After much discussion they cooked another egg. My bill was $90 with tip......would've been spent more wisely somewhere else. I won't be back." "Brunch burger was great service took long seems to have not enough waitress's  they stayed at our table until we finally said something. To top it off refills were NEVER offered until after our food came.Even when the food came we were never asked the infamous ""how is everything  was not up to par. I was thirsty and finished my water promptly. Not once did our server come over to refill.. The food was good love the choices here. love the pub preztels sticks It was a very nice meal and it went above my last experience with Applebee's. The only reason for not a 5 star is the service because the server was awful. Other then that it was a great meal  brought my daughter here for her birthday and food was burnt and it took 35min to get a refill after the server told me 2 times he was gonna go get it. Manager tried to make it right but failed "Applebee's is pretty much the same at each location.  I could suggest it is the McDonald's of ""bar and grill"" chains.   Advantage - they have liquor.  The food is decent and the portions are decent as well.  The staff is always friendly in a ""pieces of flare"" way and that can get a little annoying.  The drinks are good.  I had a terrific autumnal drink with Apple Jim Beam "My friends and I learned our lesson to go to somewhere better for good customer service instead of coming here for drinks. The drink I got I didn't like it at all because it was extremely sweet and I could barely taste any alcohol in it. My friends tried it and they agreed with me. When I asked a waitress walking around if I could change it she said no because the drink I have is the one with the most alcohol on the menu and if I don't like it I would have to pay for it and pay for the new one. You go central bistro Too many other good restaurants in Phoenix." So we tried to have dinner there this evening.  The waitress came over to our drink order and brought our drinks as we got our drinks we order our food and then waited over 30 minutes finally our food came all together salads and entree.  Except mine was wrong and I ask for the right entree.  The waitress seem irritated that I just didn't take what she brought me.  So I waited for mine and ask to speak to the manager.  He came over and said they where remaking the food.  NO ONE EVER APOLOGIZED AT ALL.  THEY TRIED TO MAKE IT SEEM LIKE IT WAS OUR FAULT.  After an hour and a half I got tired and asked for my check and then I demanded my check and all he could say is he didn't appreciate my cuss word.  I ended up paying $50.00 for lousy service and I didn't even eat.  The management there is a joke.  I will never step foot in that restaurant again and will contact corporate.  I will use social media to get the word out about this place.  ONE STAR IS WAY TO MUCH FOR THIS PLACE. cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg I had a burger with egg and hashbrowns on it. It was absolutely horrible burger and even more horrible experience. I've called 5 times and left my name and number requesting a manager to contact me back and I've received nothing so we have switched our family Applebees location from central and camelback to 44th street and oak and there is an awesome waitress we request her section and great manager! No Stars for food or location of central and camelback! Still not sure if we will be back. So many great spots to go in this area.  That going somewhere that is not giving it 100% seems like just a bad idea. Even if Applebee's is somewhat a good deal price wise"  I give this Applebee's 4-stars for good food and excellent service." "This place is a joke. Food is microwaveable decent. Don't use mouthwash and go in because they will tell you are drunk. The English prick 2 years short of his GED My wife and I decided to use the curbside ordering and we ordered under $40 dinner for two steaks mashed potatoes and veggies we ordered mushrooms and onions on our steaks and never got it we called back to the store and we're told that they were going to credit $5 back to our credit card and nothing ever came out of it sad experience for the curbside lost our future business sad  hand a gift card and he said he would be right back.  10 minutes after that confirms my pick up order and comes back to tell me my total.  I have to ping out to him to read the paper gift card I put in his hands.  Light bulb goes off and gets my food.  After all the back and forth 20 minutes later or so The food quality and taste has really gone down here. It used to be good. Our server Ivan was excellent. With so many other choices in the area I'll pass on this place. C- "Went here on Monday with kids.  Nice waitress.  Not that busy at about 8:30 pm. Had the variety appetizer.  Great selection and very filling.  We tried their mac and cheese I had their Asian shrimp salad and the club sandwich. Both were prepared well. The plating was attractive. I had their cookie sundae for dessert. The cookie was yummy. Their ice cream is not good." Drove 20 minutes out to come to Applebee's. Got there at 11:50 and said they're closed already. Literally was watching people order. Just wanted some wings. Hope this gets to a manager. "Went here again and they were closed 35 minutes early. All chairs were already stacked. Knocked on the door and someone came out. I asked why they were closed so early and he said ""you guys would be the only ones here"" and did not serve us. Called management the next day and explained what happened and the manager said if they were not making more money than they were spending they would close. I told him that the restaurant either needs to stay open until their posted hours so people aren't driving 25 minutes to a closed restaurant (what happened to me and my girlfriend) or to close earlier. I then asked if I could have the number of whoever was higher up and he hung up on me. I really hope someone finds out about this. It's unacceptable."  packaged bag of salad with some chopped up greasy fried chicken. The spinach artichoke dip tasted like it was taken from the freezer and thawed out in the microwave. The only thing that saved it was our friendly and attentive server ""Debbie"". Thanks to her it was slightly palatable."  is a great place to go 24/7 when you and the guys are done going to Amsterdam or Charlie's. The food is nothing special (nor the inside) but the atmosphere and the employee's really make this a place to come and be seen."  scope out the MUCH smaller late night menu and have fun. :)" It's simple lady's and Mary's..... if you have been to this Jenny's (thx Brian) at 2am on a Sat night I do not even need to continue. If you haven't....I recommend that you do. Nuff said" [ ] Half-drunk valley girl frantically slapping her boyfriend in the face. Whether it's to get him out of his drunke"  but it just sucked.  There's no reason for crappy service with a place as empty as it was." So Jenny's has a place in our hearts. Not on Valentine's Day. Not on the books for New Year's Eve. But  the service is always atrocious. I'm sure staff is primarily prioritized by demographic  so we had a whiskey and coke at home and headed straight to gay denny's. Ahh... so much more entertaining then the lame-o stilletto wearin FKHv7FkblONv9qqBndJUrg The food is not ""world-class cuisine"" it does not need to be He offered us ONE comped meal.  Bill still came to $15 for one breakfast and drinks.  Yikes.  For this kind of money I will stand in line at Matt's and know that eventually I'll get food worth having!" Jenny's though has actually prepared me many a fine meal with fine service (or fine enough at least). Its a great place."  who was impressively a bilingual white chick! We will definitely be back!"  you know you're not going for the food in particular but for the crowd and maybe some people watching if you're into that sort of thing.  If you're looking for a great place to get some post clubbing eats Genny's is a hoot! I'm def Straight but NOT narrow.  and no one expects much from a Denny's so that's saying a lot. not only did our server jump in our faces to rush our drink order he didn't let us finish it before walking away and not getting what we requested. ignored us until our cold food showed up and it wasn't even what we ordered. he threw extra napkins from someone elses table on ours in a ""don't want to put these where they really go mannor"" and didn't show up again until he dropped our bill which charged me for the food I ordered bit didn't get. maybe he would've been a better server if the apparent drugs he was on weren't a factor They know how to cook eggs!  and always an interesting time on a late Saturday night."  etc. It usually takes well over an hour for all of this. Under normal circumstances I would walk out of a place like that. If the servers were all really friendly it might make up for it but some are nice and some look like they'd rather be anywhere but there. Which is understandable I guess but still. I do agree that it is fun to people watch here." Other reasons that I go? My friends are poor and Denny's open late. Otherwise  and I. I ordered the grits and some other sides. To make a long story short the waitress brought the grits out as i then salt n peppered it. I then took my fork out to fluff my grits over and a wire about 1/2 inch thick and 2 inches long came up from under. I flipped out Had some great breakfast service. Spacious. Good pricing. Clean.  same decent fries etc etc as every other Denny's. If you want a late night hangout this is awesome. If you want culinary uniqueness it's not happening."  as was the remainder of my sundae."  the service prompt and courteous.  The dining area was clean Great experience. We are not in this neighborhood very often but we will certainly come back next time we take our car for service : )"   i  think they  come out of  the bars.     and the  food is not good at all.    the service was  fine Denny's is always been a favorite places  easy cheep and  great service. "They've just finished a major refurbishment.  Looks pretty good.  The food is typical Denny's P.S. I love the new decor"  updated menu.  Enjoyed my tilapia & veggie meal." FKHv7FkblONv9qqBndJUrg I cant tell you how many times ive eaten at Jenny's late at night on various substances and completely enjoyed myself. The service at this particular dennys is exceptionally friendly and the food is way better than ihop  give this one a try.  You will be pleasantly surprised.   Remember I have eaten here many times the staff is great and friendly. The remodeling gives this place the old time at home dinner feeling. Love to meet here for business or just meeting friends. Wish the rest if them were like this one. Can't beat the speed of service any place in town. This location is one of the after bar stops and gets extremely busy after 1 am nightly. It is well worth th wait.  but the service can be dodgy. Tonight it was beyond good and Rachel rocks!!!" Jenny's/ gay dennys/ or just plain 7th st dennys. However you know this place "A centrally located store (a.k.a Jenny's / Gay Denny's). We've been eating here for decades. Nicely remodeled with Starbucks-style colors and treatments Taryn has to be the absolute best server in the history of servers. She always makes me feel like a best friend every time I come here to munch on some good eats. She is always so insightful on what would be best to order if you ever have questions.  It was nice. my Mom and I had great service with Crystal. Food was fresh and prompt."  she owned up to it.  Food was vreat.  Will continue to support this establishment even at 1 am." "I will NOT go back to this Denny's. Me and some friends walk in and get seated last Saturday night. We waited about 10min for a server to approach us. It was late so we wasn't rushing them or anything. It was probably 2:30 to 3:00am. The waiter finally comes over...doesn't say hello. Goes straight into our drink orders. We place our drink orders and once he's done I ask the other 3 in my party if they are ready to place their food orders as well...they said yes. So  and manager was very nice. One of the cleanest Denny's in the valley and I recommend this location." "I've passed by this Denny's about 1000 times.  Went in for breakfast with my wife and son and had a Great experience.  Service was excellent  was very knowledgeable and an excellent server. The GF girl got the fit breakfast with a gluten-free muffin much she enjoyed. I had the grand slam breakfast  so they must be doing well.  I also have had good experiences at the location for my past couple birthdays and therefore may eat there again for my future birthdays!" "Had brunch here ordered in and food was digusting this is my second time eating here last time my son got sick threw up at the restaurant that was a couple of years ago we were in the neighborhood and against all warning we still stopped I ordered the ultimate breakfast skillet which had ordered at my neighborhood dennys and always superb here was very disappointed skillet wasn't even sizzling  and pleasant and attentive.  She got all our orders correct and was fast and efficient.  The restaurant was clean "Not too happy with the service last night. Waitress was kind of mean to me when I asked about the wifi. I actually drove out of my way to go study there as well as have dinner and drink coffee. Once I found out the wifi was down and they weren't going to restart the wifi router or attempt to turn it on We walked in and the first thing we smelled was sewage. We had to get the host attention to be greeted and asked how many were eating me.  We asked to be seated away from the smell and they tried sitting next to the bathrooms after making it clear that we were displeased with it.  than this Denny's location. I haven't been there since moving to Phoenix from Pennsylvania in 1977. Friends had taken me to see ""The Rocky Horror Picture Show"" for the very first time. I expected to be frightened Happy eating ppl of the Yelp world!" The wrap up burgers are good and the lettuce wedge rocks I might not come there for a meal again but I would consider it a decent place for appetizers and drinks. So the Saloon might just become a favorite watering hole for me from time to time." I wish there was a Lone Star in the California Bay Area!" "The food was great and the waiter Patrick was very attentive. We were the last ones to leave on a Saturday night. My cell phone was left on the seat. After realizing while still in the car I called and there was no answer. The next day no one could find it. I strongly recommend not to bring anything of value to this restaurant I still give it 3 stars because I love their porkchops and another friend said her fish was really good." My Fiance and I went out for my birthday and we were very pleased with our whole dining experience. The staff was excellent we received our food and drinks very quickly. The food was also excellent. I will definitely be returning :) for our birthdays. I have been here and the location that closed by the 1-17 many times. I always loved it. Tonight we loved it even more.  From the moments we walked in we were greeted with wonderful sincere smiles.  We were given a fabulous booth with a lovely girl named Desiree.  She brought our drinks right away and took our order with no delay. She even asked if we had questions about the menu or anything else. Which my friend did and she knew all the answers. How wonderful to get such great service! She continually filled our drinks and we did not have to ask.  x x x x x... We also had a visit from the lovely Kera "Love this place!  Been going to this location for years.  The food is always great and the price isn't too bad either.  The only thing I would say is a con is the service.  You never know what kind of mood the server will be in or if they will be attentive or not.  This place is delicious if you're looking for steak  but I am certain that I will never order out again.  Unfortunate because it would have become a favorite spot to stop on my way home." The only thing that I totally HATE about the restaurant is the country music. I've been told that it's corporate policy to pipe that stuff in. If you ask  as the lot isn't that big and lunch time...well it was more of 14:00 WHY DON'T YOU EVER CALL ME BY MY NAME" Great food and a rare bird of a honest manager when it comes to whats in the food. They have very comfy booths. Did nor care for the country music. I was able to blank out the music.  anonymous. Perfect for an illicit tryst away from anyone you might know." Will buy a grill and some meat and try my own hand before I go back.  bring us our drinks and bring us our card back. Don't get me wrong-I'm not looking for a bestie at my table but the only thing drier was the steak-my friend ordered a filet and I a San Antonio Sirloin. Our meats were tough and dry-so much so that we barely ate half and didn't even bother to bring it home. Next time I'll find an Outback or TX Roadhouse (my friend likes chain steakhouses-I like the independents but am happy to compromise). The sweet potato was smaller then the cinnamon and sugar served on top. My salad  waitress was awesome and atmosphere fair."  this is the only one left in the Valley now. The others have all closed." company dose not care about getting rid of flies in restaurant.  It is awful. Service is not good.  not cooked medium rare or medium well - so my server was obviously paying attention to me!). As others have remarked  even after 3 groups of people came in after us.  They seemed to have a lot of people doing nothing.  I wouldn't recommend this place at all."  and butter. Perfect. The sides were excellent as well and we've always had friendly service. I'd take Lone Star over Outback any day. I only wish we had a Cattleman's here  especially if you've spent a small fortune on dinner. I recommend the 2 for $25 meal if they still have it available. They have taken feedback and expanded what they offer for the specials menu. The spinach and artichoke dip is a pretty tasty appetizer." Lucky to have you Joe and Cara!" I'm a fan. Good food. I love this restaurant's pork chops and chicken wing appetizers.  Good service. I often report their excellent service to the restaurant's website contact link. "Great food!  Tonights service was exceptional!  Our table must have been bugged because everything we needed was at our table before we could ask for it.  Our waiter was so good with the two children at the table "I ordered the $12.99 special that came with bleu cheese topped sirloin (the best medium rare I have had in years!) Steaks were average for the price. Very good service. Chocolate cake very good  but definitely a good place to go if you're just looking for a good steak dinner."  just paid the difference and brought the rest home. But I don't recommend the place."  and the fries had an excellent seasoning on them. The service was decent - it was a pretty quiet time of day when we were there - but attentive."  but it was pretty tough. The online menu said they had prime rib  it was a nice meal and I'd go again  i usually split it with someone else. The place is spacious for a large group and they have seating that isn't so close to another person. The staff is friendly but somewhat inpatient  the food was a severe let down and I would never return to this or any other location. Sorry The food was delicious. The service on the other hand was horrible. I could get better service at The Applebee's that just shut down in chandler. I'm normally a 5 star giver. But the service was embarrassingly backwards  low expectations from a chain. The ribs on the other hand were comparable to jerky. Over cooked and under sauced. This was my servers suggestion to get the ribs. I know this guy has never tried these ribs because if he had it would be the last thing out of his mouth. I can get a meal at hundreds of establishments. This server must think business falls from the sky as opposed to being built on customer service and food quality. I am disappointed at the lack of passion this individual possesses. I was hoping for an experience that warranted a repeat visit.   This restaurant is under achieving. I hope this review prompts a server meeting about guest relations."  and the service is generally good. Beef was of good quality for that price point."  attentive brought out the drinks no issues...like clock work....The food was the bomb of course I had the baby back ribs and bakes potatoes...it was delish......yummy...scrumches sauce was perfect tangy and sweet and super soft meat...like butter melting in ya mouth"  which was on their online menu but was informed by the waitress that they haven't had the pie for some time. Really? Perhaps someone needs to update the online menus." "Best stake house I've ever been to. It's worth the drive from chandler. Everything is seasoned to perfection and the staff and manager are amazing. I recommend this place wether it's a family night out  fast service as we go to work after and have limited time. We joined the lunch club so every 5th lunch is free." "Good food. Good prices. Good specialty bar drinks. One of the better 'chain' steak joints "This is the only place I found that will actually prepare my steak rare. They have a fabulous ribeye!! Definitely a great place to relax  cheese and onion rings.  Equally delicious!  Our service was excellent and so was the wine.  A great price on Mondavi Cab and Chard.  They treated us to a complimentary desert.  We chose the peach bread pudding.  Outstanding!   We got exactly what we came for Not my most favorite place for steak."  but I would like to see grilled asparagus as a choice gQjTs4BDNYSu9oJhkEsssw Had the Delmonico sandwich. The best sirloin I've had in a long time and I'm from Alberta where Black Angus is the gold standard. The Chili was proper. Texas atmosphere and decor with good ol country music is the cherry on top. Very friendly staff. All around a place I would frequent.  was tuff and chewy as was the ribeye my sister-in-law ordered. The shrimp that came with the sirloin dinner was very small in size. One of our quests ordered the salmon and she said it was great! Since this is a ""steak house"" we left disappointed! We won't be back! :-(" "No salmon there when I went. Call ahead to make sure.  They said ""it was a Texas bar.""  Otherwise service was efficient." So we made a big mistake calling wrong restaurant honking it was lonestar and found out when our togo order was not available at this location; however the manager stepped in and got our order asap and did everything in his power to accommodate us! Thanks again for the great customer service  the wait staff jumped and fixed it..) but I got really sick when I got home because I ordered something out of the chef's comfort zone and they didn't cook the outside properly.  Their fault entirely.  If someone orders their steak rare It was amazing. Our server was great I came in to get ribs. An ol how I love them. The whole business was doing well it wasn't loud and I didn't hear screaming kids! I'd recommend this to everyone! Also the manager joe is an amazing guy got a chance to talk with him. I definitely will be back.  quick reasonably priced take out option. These guys delivered a mean pork chop with steamed broccoli with great service." Great food and love the atmosphere.   Wish they would play better music though. Maybe classic county.   The waitress Jazz is very good and super personable. If you find yourself in the area give Lone Star Steakhouse a try  the staff are wonderful and the managers are great. Sign up for the club!" "We rarely go to chains but we were in the area and yelped this spot. I came across the pic of the wedge salad with steak and instantly craved it! It was tasty and filling. My son got the chicken tenders and fries and rated it a 10 out of 10. Even better  mediocre food.  $6 dollars for a short rum and diet with hardly any rum in it.  $5 for a store bought slice of apple pie that was so tiny." I wish I had the energy to put more but I honestly don't care about this place." "The only reason I am giving 2 stars is because I didn't technically get what I paid for.  I placed a to go order for the San Antonio sirloin which is an 8oz steak. I meal prep so I make sure I have the correct portions. I thought it felt a little light and looks a little smaller. So I placed the sirloin on my food scale and it weighed out to 6.4oz.  I called the restaurant spoke to the manager and advised her of this. She told me I can drive back and see if  ""maybe"" they can get me the correct ounce gQjTs4BDNYSu9oJhkEsssw Tonight we had Jennifer and she was awesome! I was having a bad day and she made jokes and made sure we always had drinks! Ask for her next time you come in because she made the experience awesome :)" Been here lots and this wasn't the best. Meat (filet mignon) just not the quality it usually is came in for lunch tried the chicken salad it really had no face at all just bland even the Italian dressing had no bit the server was cool hung out and talked about cars  I'll go back and get a burger for lunch The place is clean. The staff is friendly. Unfortunately the food quality has gone down hill to the point I doubt I will go back."   he said medium rare.  I asked him to look at my steak and he said that is well-done.  He said I will get you a new steak.  I said okay.  I then asked him to order me another potato and I would pay for that.  A couple minutes later Jen the manager showed up and asked me what the problem was.  I told her and she said she would ""take care of it"".  I told her to forget about the new steak and potato as I was full.  She said okay.  She gave me a 50% discount on the steak only.  I did eat the salad and most of the potato but The food and service were poor at best. The only thing worth a cent is the mac and cheese. Don't waist your money on this place. I can see it closing down in the next six months.  I highly recommend this place. I just wish it was more consistent with the service." "I know this is a steak place but I have to admit  which were served hot and crispy.  My $2.99 Rawhide Rita margarita was PERFECT.  Surprise surprise!  All in all  and I'm told that the food is pretty decent too.  Some restaurant industry friends of mine frequent the place as they serve food until 1 AM.  The bartenders are friendly i went there once a while back and it was dirty and never went back... but if Stevey is right about the drink specials i might have to re-visit  so next time I head in I'll try something new alongside my dollar cocktail." It's not the easiest place to find if you don't know what you're looking for. I think the large strip mall across the street distracts you while you're driving. But CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ I don't give good reviews easily but this is one great restaurant!  It has an amazing Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.  The hamburgers are great and their fish and chips are to die for.  The meatloaf is somewhat questionable.  The prices are really good to.  The place is clean but tends to be a little loud. CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ  unpretentious bar near The Biltmore area. Decent selection of food and drinks  and there is always something going on. It's definitely an ""industry"" bar if you know what I mean... always full of bartenders  etc....  i think the food is really good. the steaks are great and they give you plenty of quality vegetables for sides. the salads are large and they have a variety of specialty salads. appetizers are priced better then other places. they have a cheap appetizer menu 7 days a week for happy hour. appetizers during happy hour are ONLY $3.00. they have simple appetizers like wings up to really good like calamari. 3.00! they are known for their deep fried pickles which i find good. if you are looking for a more quiet place to sit other then the bar area and tv area  but I absolutely love their fried pickles (they're only $3 after 11!).  What more could a girl ask for?" CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ  they have all wanted to go back.  Great food and drinks.  The wings in the Armadillo gold sauce can be voted Phoenix Best.  Their potato skins are the best I've had (when they don't come out a little burned I must admit).  Can you say Fried Pickles!  Give it a shot There were a lot of sports fans glued to the Chargers game and it was a fun atmosphere.  Definatly a place to stop in for cheap food and drinks Good drink specials. Hoegaarden on tap. This is the perfect place to come when you want to get drunk for cheap and cram your face with a bunch of shit you know you shouldn't." hopeing it would just get better from there... but little power for laptop meetings... Food just OK... and so is this place just OK..."  you stick to your hood and I'll stick to mine. When you offer a review in the future you should start by saying I rarely go anywhere that doesn't require a 20.00 cover and has a coat check." Hubby and I are trying to find new places to eat. We recently checked out this place and loved it. Arriving late evening we weren't looking to be shocked. Found out they have OTB and I really liked the ambiance. The dining room had cool tables set up for late night intimate dinners or fun evenings of shots and pool. The menu was great  rustic tomato and a starter salad. I wasn't in the mood for heavy food and that was perfect. The salad was a salad but nicely done. No package salad here.The soup was delicious This place was dissapointing to me. I was excited based on the reviews but wasn't pleased with the food. I ordered a ceasar salad and the dressing was almost slimy. That is the only way I can describe it.  My date ordered a philly cheese steak sandwich that was awful. It tasted like pure salt. Maybe we got the wrong items? The server was nice but pretty pushy on us getting alcohol. The prices were great on the drinks but the margarita was an awful choice. It was bad. The long island ice tea wasn't terrible but I guess this is just a place to go for cheap drinks and medium food. I would prefer going to Chili's over this place. Sorry Armadillo Grill. I wanted to love you.  the spicy jalapeno creme sauce is genius! My coworker ordered the pesto pasta and it smelled heavenly. The smell is that smell that even though you're stuffed beyond belief you still want to keep eating because it smells so good smell. Does that make sense.  Other than that its a great place to people watch..off track betting spot.. need I elaborate? You will NOT be disappointed by the food in fact it will trump any bad service experience you may have."  I may attempt to steal that big red chest in the Women's bathroom. It may take a few attempts "I've been coming here for the last 3 years and have to say it always delivers.  The drink specials are addicting "I love this bar! The bartenders are awesome a lot of regulars here and I can see why it's easy to become one everyone is really nice. I went there with my roommate and about three times and they welcome us like we've been going for years.As far as the food I've really only had the fried pickles which are amazing! They have great drink specials and reverse happy hour. I haven't made it to happy hour yet because I'm scared I will stay there until close.The inside is nothing fancy but The only thing I don't like about the place is the number of TV screens with the off track betting results. Also the TVs are placed just a bit to high up for shorty here also." We occasionally go to Turf Paradise but with Armadillo Grill so close maybe will start coming here to do a little off track betting. Much better food than the horse track and a lot less sweaty guys in tank tops." Not sure I will be rushing back to the Armadillo Grill The staff at Armadillo Grill has always been great and I'm sure they will continue to be as I wiggle my way into becoming a regular here! Great happy hour  ""with a Bloody Mary! Breakfast of Champions!"" Now if I could only pick a winner at Turf Paradise!" One of favorite happy hour places in town. If you get the wings here it shouldn't matter if you get anything else. Great location and nothing else needs to be said. Maybe a renovation on the parking lot. I'm here pretty regularly whenever I feel like throwing my diet to the wind...which happens at least once a week because of those damn fried pickles!" Definitely a place to check out for sure!"  yum!).  There are many other drink specials you must check out for yourself.  I think I have rambled on enough about my love of the dillo  and i'm not about to start (next time i'll ask them to leave them off-i hate to waste food=even if its just a few diced onions). The fried pickles had a delicious breading so i didn't mind that they weren't the true dill pickles i'm used too. The ranch for the pickles was a little runny "The place wasn't too packed it looked like your average ""after work"" crowd...the server was quick and informed us of their happy hour specials. I decided to go with the strawberry margarita; it was pretty good and strong. We decided to order off their ""munchies"" menu  I'll still make my trip up to stop in at The Dillo....you should too!" CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ Overall not a bad little joint."  I'd go back just for the dip and some drinks.  I'm pretty drunk right now actually  which almost make it bearable in the summer.  There is smoking allowed on the patio fun happy hour place! good appetizer selection! great beers! funny bartenders!  but it' a definite favorite that I would recommend to anyone."  especially for the happy hour(s)... Pretty awesome if i do say so myself." CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ Great service bringing you great food. I highly recomend the happy hour. The little munchies that are half off are as big of a draw after work as the beer. Great place to catch a game with friends as well.  service and specials.  And they support other local businesses- which is always a plus!" Most other times this is just a great place to come hang out The staff were very pleasant and all in all we had a great happy hour!" Service is usually good." We had the entertainment card which they didn't punch so we can use it again  I'll go back for some HH specials but I'm not going to be the one suggesting it to people.  I'll stay up by 16th and Bethany Home instead."  lots of sports on the various TV screens Give this place a shot if you are ever in the Biltmore area."  etc) bring me back from time to time. They also have some drink specials  and the Fried Pickles are by far some of the best I've ever had (order them Cajun style)!!! My advice to all: Go during happy hour! Great prices on beers I would come here again but probably not during the afternoon since the atmosphere is kind of depressing Eat the Philly Cheesesteak. Just eat it. It will be the best decision you made all week. Totally worth the extra gym time." We went as a large group so food was a little slow coming out  and beer for 35 bucks.  Yes.  Lots to choose from on the menu.  Good service.  We will be back." One last thing. Monday is free pool night CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ You can bet on horse races if you have any idea what you're doing. Or you can grab a table and yell at the TV as loud as you want. People here are nice enough to be chill about it. The staff is both kind and prompt. I like."  without being overbearing. This has become a weekly spot for my wife and I to visit  very friendly and efficient. Food is very good--I especially enjoy the hummus plate and the grilled cheese with tomato soup. Drinks are very reasonably priced. Great atmosphere and a perfect choice for happy hour!" The girls had tons of drinks too.  Great specials on drinks."  but had some great quiet lil areas as well. Definitely will be back."  I love a place where I feel comfortable enough to have a beer by myself without feeling like a raging alcoholic. Very mixed crowd where everyone is welcome. Definitely the right mix of dive bar and neighborhood hangout." Love this place! I love their eclectic menu and I've been pleased with everything I've tried. Number ONE place for calamari! I have yet to go there without ordering it.  all this could be why their prices are affordable (just go to Biltmore instead What you won't get here is hipster pretension - but if you're looking for an unassuming place to grab a drink and budget friendly nosh and maybe bet on a horse race - this  and a nice server that leaves you alone....until you need something!...5 stars on all counts. I was by myself and felt comfortable and felt I got a good meal at a very reasonable cost!" "This is a great spot.  You won't believe me until you try it but they have one of the best Ahi Tuna salads in the valley.  Not kidding.  And the asian cole slaw?  Un-real.  Some of the best ""bar food"" I've ever had.  Good happy hour (half priced apps and drink specials) makes me happy.  place is always busy during the afternoons for off track betting which is fun while you're having a guiness and stuffing your face!  Tv's are small but there are a lot of them so you can watch sports from anywhere in the bar.  Nice patio outside with tv's for you smokers.  I happen to live right by here and am stoked to have a place like this next door to call my second home :)"  I will not be going back. The bartender was very rude to me and after six times of asking for a menu I had to flag down a server to get any help. It took 2 hours to get an order of wings and I was very unhappy with the service. Armadillo is great if you go during happy our and sit at a table  this is your place. We often take family and friends here for a low key yummy dinner and boozin'. The service is always great and you're likely to have the owner stop by and ask you how your meal was. I love that:) It's a big place with a big bar and plenty of TV's. It's easy to miss so keep your eyes peeled!!" CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ Well it's a dive bar! This is by far one of my favorite places to chill out! I lived in Phoenix for 9 years and now I am in San Diego. This is the first place that I go to for dinner when I'm back in the 602. Their food is amazing! Their bartenders are great especially Jimmy! It's a must try... a great casual experience.  potato skins and other stuff for about $3.50. Try the Armadillo Gold sauce on the wings.  Other food items seem to be above average  and its not half bad food. I just wish they had a better lunch time menu and that the service would pick up a bit so we don't spend so much time waiting and paying for our bills."  decent selection of beer on tap. Doug the Friday bartender is super fast and is definitely my favorite server in the valley. Nice place for friends to hangout." "I think it has to be said that this place is definitely more of an OTB than a restaurant/sports bar.  With that being said  bartender and servers all must've been having bad days. Can't comment on the food. Two stars for good beer selection Great food and Jason and the gang at the bar are great.  I found it by accident and keep going back. I can't give it 5 starts until they have HD. Nice slightly divey atmosphere with good music and amazing steak and cheese's. I will be back!  I had the open faced turkey which was pretty good and my boyfriend loved the mac & cheese. Good beer and an excellent place to go to watch football." Love the tomato soup and toasted cheese sandwiches - best in the world  so not sure how they poor drinks but probably not too shabby because most of the their clientele seem to be long-term regulars. Update. Everything is still great here. They improved the quality of coffee and raised the price of wings during happy hour (bummer) and now require a foursquare check-in with manager approval to get the new happy hour wing pricing "The ""Dillo"" is where it's at if you want a good meal and drink.  Plenty of TVs for sports and horse racing if that is your thing.  Excellent sports bar Great place to relax after work. Can't find a better place for thirsty Thursday! The apps selection can't be beat! Best tomato bisque and grilled cheese ever!  cheap pool. AMAZING bar food... best in town. I don't know which chef they have locked up back there  there are numerous coupons available from different spots... I use Entertainment coupons here and they work like a charm! They aren't the finest bar in town  and to their credit (at least in my book) they play metal later in the night when all the games are over and there's no more retarded horse racing on." "We had a very nice evening last night. It is always great to have a Groupon so the deal was a great one. The servers were wonderful. A new server was being trained and she was doing great! I had their Tomato Basil soup. It says on the menu this is there specialty and I can see why. It sure was delish. My friend had the Parchment Paper Salmon which she said was great. I tried it. I am not a salmon lover but it had this mustard type sauce on it that I could probably drink and live on! -teehee! I would go back to try some of their other yummy looking food delights. The atmosphere is an upgrade sports bar type of decor so it was a little noisy. The only advice I have is that their bathroom was a tad nasty. Maybe clean it better AG? However  food and prices. Just wish it was closer to my house!" "I liked this place! I like the outdoor area where you can sit outside. They have TVs everywhere. Our waitress was super friendly. Fair prices. We ordered the fried pickles for starters (half Cajun half regular) and Oh. Em. Gee. SOoo good! I couldn't decide weather I wanted the pulled pork sandwich or the meatloaf sandwich. I went with pulled pork. Meh. I've had better. Wasn't all that delicious Friendly service and daily drink and food specials puts this on my ""go back to"" list when in the PHX area." "I have lived in the area for almost 3 years and have been going here on a regular basis ever since. The food is great and the whole staff knows me by name. Different weekly specials every week and nightly specials. It is a well run We ate here again on 4/20/13- great service again and they have the best fried pickles ever!!!! Yum!!! "I've been going to Armadillo Grill for years. Tai the manager is great. He is such a hard worker! What a great place. They have AMAZING FOOD! It's worth trying because the Food is more than great. You can play pool  and the calamari which were all delicious especially the wings.Servers were friendly and attentive. Will return someday"  returning the second time for another platter of thier great Armadillo Gold wings!  I hade the fried fish and it was just OK.   Service was quick and it's easy to find a parking place.  I will be back at least for the wings again." The fried pickles are definitely one of the best and was worth stopping by for!"  service was on point...best part? Seared tuna salad! Definitely good enough to keep going back :)"  but the food is gourmet and delicious. I've tried many things on the menu and liked all of it. My favorite thing by far is the buffalo chicken sandwich. Pay the extra to get it with onion rings. My parents always request to go here when they are in town visiting. Great place to watch games and not get your typical bar food. They would get 5 stars if they had better service. Nothing terrible I like this place because the people and bar remind me of the east coast in a way. I will be returning!"  consistent customer base where the same people frequent it on the same night of the week. A total cheers atmosphere for sure. So if you are close and live in the area and are looking for ""your dive""...this'll work." It's a bit dark and dingy but that only adds to the charm. The servers and bartenders are super friendly. (My boyfriend talked me in to 4 stars for this review Cool barly bar. Dropped in pre dinner and enjoyed the scene. Probably won't go back but did appreciate the modern armadillo logo. It was everywhere.  and some real good munchies.  Fried pickles and mozzarella wedges.  They were both delicious consider yourself warned."  prime location so I expected better. Typical late night bar food being served in a restaurant. I would had to have been drunk to enjoy the food. Don't waste your time or $"  I will be a returning customer. I have already recommended this place multiply times." I've probably eaten here 20 times.  10 times w/ my wife too.  Always good food and eaten a bunch of different things.  Good deal and good service too.  Food will surprise you  which was quite the opposite. The girls sitting around the bar continued to laugh. Obviously we were way more aware than they realized. Normally they have decent bar food and good drink specials but if this how they treat customers they don't deserve business. The biggest complaint is their beer lines taste dirty. The biggest plus used to be fried pickles but now I just enjoy them at The Turf instead. Usually I'm not so easily offended but this was bit ridiculous. I will definitely update my review if this changes." "Met a friend for Happy Hour here. This place wouldn't be at the top of my Happy Hour list but far from the worst. I didn't realize The Armadillo Grill was more of a bar. Food was OK and service was consistent. The place wasn't too crowded. Now that I know what to expect  and entrees. Everything was phenomenal. We loved the mozzarella bites. This is one of the few bars I have been to that also has horse racing. Really good time!" If you ever want smothered chicken this is the place to go. The sauce on the chicken is 5 star.  They have kids menu. The place has off track betting but they also hAve as side room where families can sit.  and part OTB. To sum it up - unique. And that's what I like. The service has never been an issue and I will most definitely return!"  they have very attentive and friendly service. I always leave 'dillo feeling well fed and like I got my money's worth. This establishment has made it's self synonymous with quality food and value in my book and earns a 4.5 from me."  hubby had diet coke. Next time I will have a beer : )" "I went here for lunch with a colleague. They put us in a back booth which was perfect - quiet enough for us to get some work done. He had the fish tacos and seemed to enjoy them. I have the palette of a five year-old so I ordered a chicken quesadilla with refried beans added. It was delicious - way too much for one meal. The server was attentive but not overbearing. I was a little concerned about parking because that's an issue for a lot of restaurants on that strip of Camelback but since we met there at 1pm on a Friday Best fried pickles - get them Cajun style- and Louisiana Cajun shrimp appetizer....every time I go here I get these two things and service has always been fine and the food has always tasted great...zero complaints!  have a decent and healthy meal while he watches a game... and it won't break the bank."  brie and glazed pear sandwhich amd I was sold! All food goes beyond standard ""bar food"". I recommend the sandwich I had andthe cajun fried pickles although all my company were satisfied! So glad I moved to the neighborhood and found a reasonably priced local haunt!" It can be a little difficult to get to the parking lot from Camelback during rush hour "This is my favorite bar that doesn't feature live music. The wait and bar staff are great and remember you after you've been there a few times. The average patron is professional but not pretentious  I'll take my obviously nelly self to a real place where I can enjoy my food and conversation in peace."  however they are small and outdated. Most of the ones near us were staticy. I ended up watching the game from a TV that was half way across the room  I feel that's where sports bars tend to shine the most. The only complaint is the beer taste off. It's probably improper tap line cleaning or possibly the co2 is off. It's one of my very few pet peeves and The Dillo isn't the only place guilty of it. If you're going to have the state flagship beer on tap then it needs to taste right. I'd give it 3.5 for sports bars. Decent prices and decent music being pumped out. Half Moon has some better deals on happy hour but good lord I can't stand the ambiance. Dillo is a decent priced neighborhood bar." "This is my favorite place to go! They have awesome specials and the best hummus I have ever had CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ My boyfriend and I love this place. We live a 2 minute walk away and go here 3 to 4 times a month. I would highly recommend the 19th Street Burger and the Eclectic Mac n Cheese with Buffalo Chicken. The onion rings and fried pickles are made in house and are absolutely to die for. Everyone here is always nice. Katie is our favorite server. They also do take-out and delivery if you want a good meal and are feeling lazy.  and just too notch !! The staff is exceptional and they always make me feel welcome ! And are very personable which I love ! The ranch dressing is the best ever and the burgers and hot wings and chimichanga and also the calamari are all to die for !!! I love the iced tea as well ! Best ever ! This is my favorite spot to go period and I've tried a lot of places."  it's my favorite.  Virginia is my my go to waitress every time.  She sets you up with the hook up.  Fried mozzarella and potato skins as appetizers rock and they have 1/2 off happy hour specials.  Their Mac and cheese rocks as well." The ambiance of Armadillo Grill is nice as well. Usually do not like places with a ton of TVs and sports playing and whatnot  as he puts it. This to me was just nice and surprising. The bar staff was super friendly. The beer on tap was nice and cold. Peach Ale from 4Peaks is always a win-win for me! 4Peaks Kiltlifter on tap for him. Off track betting on the tele. Pool tables around the place. For 345pm in the afternoon  because their tomato soup is the best I've ever eaten. The bartenders and servers are always nice and efficient. It's never been so busy that I couldn't get a seat  then after she dropped those off even though we had our menus stacked to indicate readiness she left and did not return for about 10 minutes. Might I add that it was happy hour when we got there but since she did not take our full order for about 15 minutes we did not get to take advantage of it because the computers switch over automatically. Not to mention she had to keep running back and forth to ask questions  seriously. It's a nice neighborhood staple that I really wish I had found earlier. They have great food specials I end up craving the Philly cheesesteak with chicken at least once a week. Excellent.  but everything else is mediocre. I'll come back for the pickles though." My boyfriend mentioned that we weren't that pleased with our food and the waitress took 50% off both our entrees. A+ for customer service!  did you know that TODAY is MONDAY ;) Thanks for the headsup  and draft beers. I can't complain too much about this bar because how well their service and professionalism was. I would definitely go here again :)"  the food taste amazing we have had the beef stroganoff and the white chicken enchiladas among a few other items. We drive all the way from Youngtown to eat there I would defiantly recommend it to anyone."  and fucked up orders. Read the Google reviews much more accurate experience than yelp."  and also because the manager was responsive and clearly making a real effort to fix everything. If/when they figure out their technology "The Armadillo Grill seems like a mix between a biker bar and a sports bar. It's almost like a dive bar! But it's a good place to watch games  no waiting. Staff was great and service was excellent!!! Everyone loved the food they ordered! Would highly recommend this place for any event!"  and foodies. Always have a great experience here." "Love the wings here. I ate wings at Zipp""s and bragged over and over. But I ate crow. The wings here are way way better. I am happy my friend Andrea humbled me. I am looking forward to trying other dishes." Probably an ok place to grab a drink and watch some sports but wouldn't recommend you eat there. I ordered the chicken/brie sandwich - sounded lovely on the menu but it was boiled chicken - so rubbery it was tough to cut through. My husband ordered the steak tacos. They were so greasy he couldn't pick them up. We both had bad stomach ache for hours after eating there.  delicious. The second time I got their grilled cheese and tomato soup. Their grilled cheese was great but I wasn't a fan of the tomato soup. Then again it was rustic tomato soup which I'd never had before. My husband loved it though who doesn't like regular tomato soup at all. Also can't beat their happy hour. $3.75 long islands! Fantastic. Will definitely be back to try their other menu items." Be sure to to have a nice beer and enjoy some games on one of the many screens.  There is also a patio for the warmer weather :)" "I love this place. Coming from the east coast finding a place with a great steak and cheese was important and this place fits the bill.  The food is always consistently good They have such an enticing menu with solid offerings For two watered down drinks is a rip off!!" "I had a great experience while eating here the food is fantastic and the staff is great! My friends and I went to the Tuesday night trivia and it was really fun "We visited during the super bowl. It was busy but we were seated immediately. Food was good and came out in a timely manner. The tomato soup was really good. Very creamy and rustic. Bathroom is less to be desired. The waitress was very attentive. We had wings No recommendation on this place."  and the food is consistently good.  Their fried pickles are surprisingly good. My bf is a huge fan of their salmon dinner." Somehow we always get the same waitress too "It was very delicious and had good amount of food for the price. I tried the Chicken and Brie sandwich was like a good grilled sandwich. My roommate tried the pull pork sandwich and thought it was good size. Overall "Love the food- atmosphere is a little dark but Always a solid place.  The fish tacos are amazing.  The burger is always solid.  Make sure to get the Thai Chicken Skewers.  especially the Armadillo Gold wings and calamari.  This place has a nice spin on a lot of classics and is definitely a place I would like to frequent."  probably more of a place to be a sports bar than a grill. I would go back for drinks but not likely the food." Manager came over and realized all was good but not before the bartender made it a point to 'judge'  you 9b their shortcomings." "I love this place ! The staff is always friendly and Virginia and Amy are the nicest waitresses and very personable.  The  honey hot wings are great and the salmon is excellent too ! Love their iced tea The missing star is because of the style (or lack there is) in the music I heard there. The waitress said it was the bartender's iPod mix. Anyway Dont get me wrong... Still one of my favorite spots... If 3.5 was an option I woukd have clicked it... Every server I had until last night has been great... The food has always been good mozzarella sticks fried pickles blackened fish tacos some pulled pork sandwich all great choices.... Last night the female server either did daytime Sunday funday or was struggling from night before even if it was Sunday 10pm. After I sat down she asked me if she handed me the menu I was looking at. Then I asked for dos equis ten seconds later she was confused and asked again what I ordered.... I ve had the tenders before with armadillo gold and loved them. Last night I ordered wings which comes by the pound I asked for crispy unfortunately they were neither crispy nor saucy.... I ate all seven then ordered the tenders upgraded to Ceasars. At this point she was talkin to a female who I assume is a coworker. Forgot about me... All along one of the cool bartender guys was sitting on the other side only had him his as my bartender once or twice months ago but he remembered me said hello had convo and said bye.... Even as I was leaving she said nothing he made sure to say bye..... Still love the spot maybe she was having rough night "This has become one of my favorite spots over the years. Never disappointing. For a ""bar like"" atmosphere the plate ups are ridiculous...and by that I mean AMAZING! You would think you were eating at a 5 star restaurant.  There tomato soup is my absolute favorite!! I highly recommend you don't leave there without trying the fried pickles or the hummus plate...both are THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD! Looooooooove this place." "Service needs improvement. The waitress forgot to bring a drink we ordered and rarely checked in with us. The beer was flat. We overheard the bartender rudely questioning the flat beer... very unprofessional. Eclectic Mac and Cheese was okay  hummus plate and tomato soup. Yep the tomato soup rocked! Love this place Our waitress at the bar was super nice. I had the chicken sandwich of some sort which was okay but the Buffalo chicken sandwich was delicious  do try the tomato soup.  Seriously stellar!!" "Food was good and tasty. Mushroom and pepper Burger was done well & cooked to order. The fried pickles were crunchy and had some good breading. So much food You couldn't ask for a better restaurant that caters to everyone's needs. if you want the divey bar feel  The Great Brett Favre or That Punk Aaron Rodgers. The food was decent for bar food and the beers were really cheap. That's a huge plus but if you're looking for a good place to watch sports with like minded individuals you might as well keep going. Although I do think you should give it a shot because this might be a good place to make some wagers and walk with some side cash." "Best tomato soup ever.  Also love Thank you Brenda for giving us our regular ""Wing Wednesday"" hang-out!" I also tried the shrimp from the blackened shrimp Caesar salad and they were orgasmicly good. Full flavored with a slight spicy kick  loaded mashed potato balls deep fried....they were just okay.  I liked the mellow vibe here and they have an enclosed patio for smoking out front.  It had been awhile since I had been there so I'm not familiar with the food menu and would like to go back to check it out.  I'm a fan."  while feeling rushed to pay and leave rather than stay and relax like i thought friendly neighborhood restaurant environments should be We *love* this divey bar! It's actually not that divey at all. They have plenty of table space and a really delicious menu! We always sit in Virginia's section. She's been here forever and knows how to serve in a bar. They have tons of TVs and always play the games you want to see. And Off Track Horse Racing? They've got that too! Go Horsey Go! Their happy hour is awesome and I'm Sunday too! Regardless of if its a game day. Just go check them out. Favorite place to go chill drink and catch up love the environment and cozy customer service! They don't shirt hand your drink either!  we always stick to the happy hour menu since the options are delicious! Their buffalo wings  but I doubt that I'll return here again any time soon."  at first I was a little unsure but in the end I was in love! The tuna sliders were my absolute favorite thing on the menu." Love this place. The food is great. The staff is always friendly and attentive. The prices are affordable and its comfortable. If you are looking for a laid back environment with good food give it a try (love the eclectic mac and cheese with the armadillo gold chicken and the smothered chicken). top shelf indeed. great ambiance for eating and watching various sporting events on their tv screens. employees are amicable and flexible towards customers. neighborhood also enhances our favorite sports bar and grill in phoenix. CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ  my boyfriend ordered a burger with an English muffin bun and there was mold on it. We came here on St. Patrick's Day for their special menu and waited an hour and a half for our food. It wasn't very busy so we figured they were short staffed or something. The server didn't give us any explanation until after we were completely finished with dinner. Apparently one of their fryers had gone out so there was only one that could be used. That would have been a fine excuse if only we hadn't ordered Shepherd's Pie and Corned Beef & Cabbage (both were delish!)  and there were tons of sports tvs on. But we were seated in the restaurant area and that was totally normal. I had the Armadillo salad and it was soooo good. The tomato soup was amazing. Great place "The food here is amazing! Their food is excellent quality and the portions are large. The buffalo chicken sandwich is by far one of the best menu items! Also the papadillos (fried mashed potato balls with bacon inside) will melt in your mouth and the sweet potato fries are perfect. This is a great find and everyone is very friendly! If you are a beer person  ordered the chicken enchiladas and it was amazing! Good came fast and was still hot." Good food. Ordered the Pub burger and added jalapenos and onions. The server Christina was real attentive. Would recommend Great place.  We came here while waiting for our tire to be fixed at Discount tire.  Great service- the waitress really kept an eye on us.  We had the pita and hummus munchie. Delicious!   We'll be back. CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ Note - I detected some stale beer odor on a second visit June 7th in the early afternoon." CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ We will be back for sure and we highly recommend this restaurant for their friendly faces and fantastic food."  etc. The excellent customer service combined with the delicious food makes this a top spot for my friends and family." Good food and better people Good food.  Great service.  Super nice employees.  TV's for games.  Off track betting.  The only thing that could make this place better are the prices.  A bit expensive for what you get. Crappy club... But an amazing restaurant! Great Happy Hours for food and drinks! Recommended!  after 10 and nothing really good is open.  Skip the margaritas .. they're horrible .. stick with beer or straight alcohol :)"  because the Eritrean girl in the parking garage will make you go back in the restaurant and get that joint stamped if you forget. BUZZKILL." "Just wanted to 2nd the high marks on the happy hour menu. Perfect place to get beer and food after a movie at the AMC right beside it. I was a little intimidated by how nice the place looked Everything else -- Thumbs down!" The bar is cool and may serve as a breath of fresh air for Merc Bar patrons around the corner  went here for dinner.  Very good seafood.  The escargot was one of the two best I've had in Phoenix.  The Mahi Mahi crusted with coconut was done to perfection.  The shrimp in a spicy pomodoro sauce was delicious as well.  The service was very good.  I had heard this was a romantic spot  but you can always count on the hamburger and fries being there and they mix in some tasty treats too like Ahi tuna nachos and shrimp cocktail." If it wasn't for the happy hour it would probably be a three star place for the corporate seafood chainey feel."  there were paper menus that featured the list of happy hour appetizers. There were five appetizers that were $1.95 (this time  go while the weather is still nice but a bit cooler and sit on the patio (the side by the bar is happy hour seating). It was so beautiful outside when we went Hope to give a favorable happy hour update!  I'd like to try some of those grilled salmon cakes Stevie P. mentioned.  I'll have to take everybody's word on the margaritas' goodness... Not much of a drinker to justify my spending $10 on one drink.  (Although  great service and food." Just Plain Ugly: The fact the bar was empty."  I selected the stuffed lobster instead. It was good. It was half a lobster that was stuffed and then the claw. I love seafood so I could have done with a more generous serving. Oh Didn't feel comfortable enough to take photos of the food... Don't know why as I usually don't let what others think influence my actions  the menu is basic but changes slightly almost daily and the prices are reasonable most of the time. They often have surprises at lunch on the specials menu and are very accommodating with changes Happy Hour Monday - Friday 3:30pm to 6:30pm and Monday - Saturday 9pm to Close. Sometimes they will close at 10pm if it is slow." Great experience and outstanding service - top notch and remarkably affordable. There was so much to choose from and our server also explained that the menu changes TWICE a day - yes TWICE a day. Only thing I was out of the ordinary was a ""10 UNDER $10 SPECIALS"" list I guess for the penny pinching pamelas in the crowd - really seems your selling yourselves short there at the price point with  this quality After a few rounds of drinks for the 4 of us the total bill was close to $200. So for about $50 a person you leave with a full stomach I have been here a few times... Never REALLY impressed!"  the food... all top of the line. I don't expect any of that from a restaurant chain which made the experience that much better." The service was great.  I would go back to this M&S location anytime I was in town." "This place kicks ultimate butt when it comes to HH pricing! Martinis are about $6 which is decent but it's their version of bar food that is fantastic. I'm talking $1.95-$4.95 range for high end bar food. I had the Fried Chicken Biscuit sliders with Honey Jalapeno Mayo and it was freakin amazing & filling. I didn't need another thing to eat and it was only $1.95!! Im telling you the money you spend on food will free up the money for you to drink  and some other appy food and a few drink specials. I would love to go back all time time. They are a little pricey So overall I recommend the location and next time we will try the Scottsdale location and see if maybe they have a bigger menu."  the food is ok. It is enjoyable but not memorable & while it is not a really expensive restaurant  as many places around here were closed for the holiday. The beauty of the menu is the ability to order as much or as little as you want. The salad with caramelized pecans was delicious For seafood in the valley this is my #1 recommendation and if you are ever traveling check to see if there is one at your destination as I found them to be quite consistent."  and the Fettuccine w/ Shrimp and Bay Scallops.  The Tilapia was also nicely done also.  Over all the service was great and i had a great time.  really want to try some more dishes.  Until next time!"  McCormick & Schmicks will definitely be on the top of my list!" The happy hour prices are amazing!  ever again.  Maybe I'd return just to sit at the bar and talk with the friendly bartenders and drink.  Maybe." "Check out their Thanksgiving lunch special.  Food  bruschetta and catfish bites as well and they were all tasted wonderful! I highly recommend to try this place as I found it's the best restaurant for happy hours and dinner! Great choice!" Again our server was good but I am hesitant to visit this location again. Maybe I will try the Scottsdale location for better luck next time :)" Great service. Met a friend at the bar. Good pupus. Reasonable price.  i think i will be alright if i never eat here again." "Love how the menu changes twice a day! The food is always fresh Even the women's restroom needed dire attention... Perhaps M&S' 4th year of T-day dinner will be more successful (I think this was the 3rd year since they first offered it) My sister and I went here and it was great. She had the crab stack and I had the lucious fish tacos.I went back again and my husband had the fish and chips and I had the halibut special. Again just wonderful. Place is pretty and service was friendly. Plus they have valet parking!  classy bar with a fair selection of beers on tap. We totally pig out and the bill is always like $40. The frequent diner points card lets you rack up the credits and use them over on the expensive side for a special occasion. Seriously Seafood flown in fresh every day.  and the rumor on the grapevine is that although it's pretty good money  really?  There is a parking structure on the other side of Macy's.  Valet in Phoenix with easy parking situation = lame."  quality is suffering. Do I love that the menu is longer than the Bible? Or does it actually just drive me mad causing me to drive my salad fork into my forehead while perusing the ad-riddled pages? I'm always here for the comfort food. And I don't order those ridiculous salads  we had to ask for our drinks and appy's.  Had to ask the manager to find out what was going on with our waitstaff and order.  Hopefully  pizza and jambalaya. Everything was great!" I think I am done experimenting." PS - Please clean your bathroom more frequently. This might knoock you down a star." Otherwise---""Bone-That's-Petite!""" Not the kind of restaurant to whip out an engagement ring in (this is a Factory Our experience was amazing. simply amazing." Hepatitis schmepitiis..." I can't give 5 stars to a location that outsources its cheesecake I dig Cheesecake Factory. I've been here a bunch of times and never had a bad meal there. My last visit was for lunch with my friend and her 3 year old daughter. As soon as we were seated our server brought us bread and fruit for the kiddo. Portions are ginormous -- we had the Asian Chicken Salad and the fish tacos and went home with a full bellies and doggie bags.  The cheesecake rocks - I recommend the chocolate chip cookie dough. Yum!  with good service and good price points and more food than you haul in wheelbarrow!"  it just kind of fell apart and was stuffed with really thick slices of underipe tomato that was white in the middle. Fries were cold). We ordered the kids' pasta for my son and it was just that- a bowl of WAY too hot pasta (I just don't know why restaurants serve kids' meals at 1000 degrees). But that was it  because some how the next day I ended up with a cheesecake factory pint glass in my freezer...and I know I didn't get this at the novelty station. :) In any event I am giving this place 5 stars! I would suggest going there if you can for good spirits good times and good food."  after I was done with my Bang Bang Chicken. YUM. Seriously chicken curry at the cheesecake factory? Yup. you name it and they've probably got it. Just avoid the Chicken Curry Cheesecake (kidding). Bring your reading glasses and decide the base food you want: steak  though we did have a good time talking about all the changes in Phoenix and the Biltmore area."  Penny. I hope your salary on the show increases due to the heavy product placement fees that CF must be paying 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw  as I mulled the book of a menu over and over and kept sending him away and my 'wanting only dessert friend' now wanted some orange chicken too... and bread...and a side salad.. geesh.. how can a 90lb girl want so much food? ... I ended up with a chicken sandwiche and soup... none of which was earth shattering... but I loved the waiter... we had fun with the fact that the seemingly 'we never get out much' peeps next to us didnt know how to act in a restaurant...and he brought us a piece of decadent red velvet cheese cake and even wrote in cursive a cute little note for me and my friend.. and I will leave it at that:-) Score for the factory.. compliments of the waiter... Now if they can find a way to control the other diners and the out of control kids.. they may be on to something."  my friend poured down 4 cups during the visit.  The brownie sundae was very very good and very very sweet.  Too sweet that forced me to order the Tex Mex egg rolls to get the sweetness out of my mouth.  Loved the Tex Mex egg rolls!"  which gave 7 people each an adequate serving - it would provide more than enough for a party of 4. the food was good and i liked the variety. i am "You really can't ever go wrong with Cheesecake Factory  no matter what city you're in.  (Though I've found the one in Northern NJ and in Phoenix is better than Baltimore) Big menu The service was great but the cheesecake was par.  I would. I'm weary of chain places and this restaurant reminds me why - the service is often atrocious (or maybe we just got the worst waitress on the planet that night) and having to leaf through the extensive menu for 15 minutes only prolongs the wait for what will be a mediocre meal. That  but that price is just absolutely exorbitant for the poor service and lack luster food. This visit was most definitely my last visit to the Cheesecake Factory. And if you happen to be looking for dinner at the Biltmore  and their servings big. It's hard to argue with that."  but I'm sure this is the best one."  the service is over shadowed by the food!" I will never go to this restaurant again Better luck when seated at the bar Cheesecake Factory is on the top of my list for places to go and my favorite Happy Hour haunt." The food here is just ok. The menu is huge so it takes a while to choose what you want to eat. My mom wanted to go here for her birthday dinner and when we told them it was her birthday they offered her a free ice cream sundae. Umm...isn't this place called the CHEESECAKE Factory? I thought it was lame that they didn't offer her a free piece of cheesecake. till I found a dried piece of spinach stuck on my fork when I unwrapped the silverware Over all we had a good time. But for my meal costing me $30 and I didn't even have a cocktail Really can't go wrong at just about any Cheesecake Factory but this one is exceptionally reliable. We frequent this location once or twice a month and almost always have perfect service and great food.  it's a big whatever. Anything other than lunch is overpriced. In the end it's just overpriced ridiculously sized chain food . I don't understand why people love it so much. I hope for the rest of my life I never step foot in one again. I know I won't be missing much."  I really like this place because I can connect with their history. Small beginnings and look where the business is when you have vision. Gotta love the Overtons for that!" "My best choice restaurant for dessert. I tried the famous Chris Outrageous Chocolate Cake and found my new favorite dessert! It's so delicate and at the same time the chocolate is not too overpowering the flavor of coconut mousse. The calamari is great I love love love the chicken Cesar salads here and of course the Cheesecake. Service is always really fast and I am never disappointed.  point is; I don't need an encyclopedia of the world's cuisine on one menu.  I'm hungry and tell me what you serve and are your signature dish - that's all I want.  As you can see I'm not a big fan of restaurants with more on their menu than the number of mistresses of Tiger Woods (Ouch! Sorry Tiger you left yourself open for that one!).  Regardless "This place never fails my taste buds. There are so many delicious things to order off the pages and pages of menu. We started with the artichoke and it was scrumptious. Both of the dipping sauces were yummy and the artichoke was cooked perfectly. After we shared Evelyn's favorite pasta- it came with lots of veggies and good tasting sauce. We chose not to eat the cheesecake (this time)  and no one is in the mood for anything specific sort of place."  red velvet cake surrounded by layers of cheesecake. It also has a cream cheese frosting with what tastes like white chocolate shavings in the frosting. I came here yesterday with the excuse of validating my parking token (as my husband puts it  so we dealt with it the best way we could. Had the hostess we'd spoken to earlier in the day not said it wouldn't be a problem Got my usual Vanilla Bean Cheesecake to top off the visit!!!"  great drinks and excellent food!  Compared to the normal prices (which are pricey) happy hour is a great time to come in and get all the best appetizers for excellent deals!  Go and enjoy!" 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw  tangie - you made my night." "I will say this may not be a fair review as a drink was spilled on me in the first 5 minutes of me arriving and it may have been 50% my kids fault. The other drink spilled on me from my other kid was 100% her fault so I may be jaded  then go for their signature cakes. Simply amazing is the best way to describe their cheesecakes and other savory cakes. If I did have a complaint (besides the extensive menu which can be daunting to some) it would be that this place is usually a bit noisy Cheesecake Factory never disappoints  son and I always enjoy this location." "If you are looking a flavor explosion in your mouth.  Open wide here comes Cheescake Factory. Everything I have tried here is really good.  The tiramisu cheesecake is the best I have ever had.  Even if you do not like cheesecake you will love the tiramisu. The standouts for the appetizers are the buffalo blasts.  They are like shredded chicken deep fried with cheese around it dipped in buffalo sauce. Oh it's so so good. I also like the factory burger for my main dish. It's a hamburger in sour dough bread with onions with fries. Trust me it's really good. My wife and I always go on eachothers birthdays so the workers can sing to us. Great food Today I got the same great food and service! After glancing at the novel-sized menu and wrestling in my mind what to have... I had my usual: the shrimp and bacon club sandwich. I always order mine without the middle slice of bread. There are few reasons why I do this: 1. I can't fit the double decker sandwich in my mouth 2. it makes the sandwich more packed full of shrimp and bacon! 3. Less calories - which I guess makes up for the bacon and fries I had! All in all the sandwich was delish! They have a new nifty metal fry holder that kept my fries hot  both times unacceptably.  The ""crust"" is really bread stuffing on the outside and the miso glaze was a miso cream sauce I will say I've stopped by the carry out counter for cheesecake to go before and absolutely LOVE the Lemon Raspberry and will always consider it a ""go-to option to-go""!!!"  the complementary bread they brought out was actually better with the dip. For the main dish i got the Spicy Chicken Chipotle Pasta and it was awesome. The flavor and the crispy topping brought everything together. The veggies and the chicken were plentiful and covered in the sauce. I brought it home because i couldn't finish it all and it was just as good reheated. The wait staff was very polite and knowledgeable." The service is usually pretty good and we never really have any complaints. The staff are always friendly and helpful and always have positive things to say about the food we're ordering. They'll even go so far as to inform us of tasty new menu choices. Trust me...eat a meal here and you won't regret it." Amazing. I know how I say I hate reviewing franchises The service was fine.  I didn't care for the snarky comments from the waiter about the amount of water I drink."  but this location is always busy so it's not a good place to go if you don't have a couple hours to eat your meal. If they are busy Cheesecake is of course awesome- but I can count the number of times I've actually had room left in my stomach to order the cheesecake on one hand. Dulce De Leche has been my ""go to"" for years!"  I love you cheesecake factory and you have never failed me! MUAH!"  plus we got to go downtown. food was amazing and the desert was the best i have ever had." Food is average at best.  But last two times the service was terrible.  They need to retrain their servers in customer service.  The only reason for the 2 stars is that there is no denying that their cheesecake is excellent.  another waitress stepped on my sister's foot but refused to move in a timely manner. I'm going to have to pass on this one unless I need cheesecake in the near future. The validated parking is free with a two hour limit."  but was not a fan of the bread in the basket- the taste was bit off.  Our service was okay and the waiter checked on us throughout our meal.  I did try their cheesecake- nothing too different from any other one.  The only thing I could suggest to the restaurant is maybe increase the lighting just a bit more." It's ok. Desert is great. Italian pasta suck. Bread is good.  drinks are better and the cheese to die for!"  the gumbo. I'm not really sure how a kitchen can specialize in every cuisine known to man but they manage to pull it off somehow. If i have one complaint  no joke.  Service was pretty horrid as well." This location is a hot mess.  I love the Cheese Cake Factory but this locaton is not up to the standards that I accustomed to from this company.  Choose another location The waitress smelled like a pack of cigarettes.  So standing over me taking my order made my stomach turn.  Then my rice was undercooked.  When I told them it was undercooked they wanted to question me and say are you sure.  Im Asian I eat rice almost everyday.  There were Nat's flying around the food.  I won't be back to this location. Je veux manger mon cheesecake !!"  but expensive. Atmosphere is a little too casual to pay $70 including tip for 2 people. Felt like a Mimi's Cafe plunked down on Camelback. Also we look for a place where the bar isn't so much the focal point."  how to put this.. the veggies looked great but tasted like charcoal! upon further inspection of "" where is that burnt smell coming from"" ""is it your food"" (snif snif) nope... bam it was the veggies that are served in a lil black tray. they were hard and so black on the bottom and gooey The cheesecake guys are the best. The cheesecakes are so great. foods and drinks are even better. the big problem is that you have to always wait and I hate that. even during weekdays that are not over crowded they keep you waiting for at least 10 minutes unless you only come here for lunch. Food is always great.  I love the meatloaf sandwich.  The service is really hit or miss.  Sometimes I have great servers who are passionate about their work.  Other times service is just ok.  The ground is always super slick and sticky and it really takes away from the nice decor.  I have to say they di burgers as good as anyone else if not better! Kobe and chop house!!" good late night place to eat I would go back except that I know I will be tempted to try other restaurants in the area particularly the ones that aren't corporate-owned and have more interesting menus. That said I always have a pleasant experience when I go to Cheesecake Factory. The service is superb. Huge servings but the food is ridiculously overpriced. You're just paying for the ambiance. you can get better food elsewhere. We always like to come out here to have our favorite appetizer and dessert. We live 30 min away  yummy food. Sooo many choices for food." My initial review was much more detailed I had not been to a Cheesecake Factory in several years.  I went today for my birthday and had a great time and very kind and excellent service.  Great iced tea too.  it was more like apple juice and not cold at all. Their price for their 'small plates' is pricey for the portion that you get  and had wonderful service by Vince.  The smaller portion menu is great as well.  It is nice to get great customer service it is a real treat when so many companies could care less about it.  Vince does and it showed." I love coming here and always want to come right back to try something else on their huge menu." Their Chinese Chicken Salad and Oreo Cheesecake are to die for!! I always get sat immediately and get really fast service at this location. We sat in a booth that was like sitting on a bench. We noticed the other booths were well padded. I don't know if this was intentional but it was uncomfortable after about 30 minutes and we ended up getting our meals to go. That was a definite draw back."  it was stupendous.  I had the salmon special.  It was good but nondescript.  The Kentucky tea and the cherry cheesecake were real smooth and good for my taste palette.  You can't go wrong when you choose CF.  I'm so glad that hubby's eyes and taste buds have opened up to the CF way of eating."  but this place refused to answer my email complaint about the bad meal. At least answer and acknowledge you read it. Next time I'll just go down the road to Chili's. At least they try.." not impressed. My salad was $17 for lunch!! and also NOT WORTH IT. Very pricey for what you get. Slow service and table next to us stayed dirty the entire hour + we were there."  I hope it's because I was buried in a pile of the fried mac & cheese balls and I ate myself to death. No better way to go ................................................................................................"  even for seemingly simple dishes. The good thing is that most items (even salads and sandwiches) will get you multiple servings unless you're super hungry. I'm a fan of their rye bread. People think I'm weird when I compare other calamari to the one that's served here.  That said "This was my first time at a Cheesecake Factory and I was pleasantly surprised. I had this idea that I it was a burger joint  and they are willing to explain any item on the menu."  and I can't remember ever ordering a dish that I ended up disliking.  I wish the cheesecake was just a little bit more reasonably priced  the food is consistently good. Not great My only complaint is the menu is too big! Takes me forever to pick something 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw  the service n the food...since then I keep coming back to try n enjoy new dishes :)"  and I do think it's overpriced. I wouldn't mind eating here again but it'll be awhile before I do." This is the story me and my family where sited  outside we have waited 22 minutes to be exact and we did not get serves the beast part is that after 16 minutes I talked to the hostess and still no one showed up It's Cheesecake Factory.  It's a chain.  Can't expect some fine dining." RED VELVET CAKE IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!" Crazy at 7.00 pm lights automatically dimmed in entire restaurant and guests were eating by cell phone light" I do love cheesecake!  Those two words should not be combined to create a word to describe such deliciousness...but I will not allow such transgressions to distract from my indulgences!  The CF does such an excellent job...I should have ordered two to go.  The red velvet is superb...I'm now wearing it permanently on bum.  Yes...once on my lips and bam...there it is!!  since my hometown doesn't have one.  Everything ordered was cooked perfectly I prefer local eateries but I did enjoy my meal at the Cheesecake factory at Kierland commons. Our server Ashley is a sweetheart and great care of my dairy allergy. The steamed dumplings were delicious :) Always the best options!!!!! I get the louisiana chicken pasta every time!!!! I've only tried a couple other plates but this one is always my number one choose! I recommend it to any pasta lover!  Yuummmmmmm!!!!! 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw above and over the top !"  yes there's variety but not noteworthy. It has nothing on NY cheesecake or homemade. If you're called the cheesecake factory you better have damn good cheesecake."  and accomodating management." I sit at the bar and the staff is always talkative and friendly; offering area tips and must-sees."  I ordered the strawberry daiquiri and it was just...strong but so good! Rule of thumb for the drink: take some of the strawberry as you drink it! I made the mistake of dropping it in and smudging it to get more strawberry out of it "Took the family here tonight and had a very good dinner. Hibachi steak was cooked to a perfect medium and wife's salad was good quality with fresh greens.  Nothing over the top but always a good Good place for lunch or dinner. We'll keep going back."  being a server I can see how that can be a little annoying but we did leave him a 35% tip."  is my least favorite. I went in for dinner one night and had Michelle C as a server and it just seemed like she was in a bad mood and didn't want to be there that night. I'll take my business elsewhere thank you." Today was a group lunch for a friend who is leaving. The service was fantastic - our server's name was Jolynn. The food orders were executed flawlessly and we all had a great time.  but it's the CF. You don't go to be all dietetic and stingy. All in all it has become one of the best chain restaurants I have ever visited."  leaned over my food and beverage to deliver our check to the table before dessert even arrived!!"  yum!!! My glass was never empty and the food was delicious! I always make it a point to stop by here when I'm in the area." "Tonight my fianc and I took my parents to Cheesecake Factory to catch up over a slice of cheesecake and a cup of coffee (it was 5:30PM) We got our coffees right away  I may be back for a salad or salmon rolls." "The front desk girl a few different times wasn't friendly at all.  The food is good but portions are small.  If it weren't for the hostess that never smiles I would rate more stars.  Hostess should be welcoming  Gotta love the portion sizes! Bartender was cool as well" Went for lunch with a medium size group. 6 people. Service was great. Waitress was very attentive and smiled. Food was really good. 3 of the group had never been before to Cheesecake Factory .We wil be back! Great stuff ! My favorite restaurant. Upset they got rid of the eggplant sandwhich but it's not a big deal they still have plenty of other stuff for me to eat. The waiting time to sit isnt long and worth the wait! Great food with tons of choices and amazing service! I have never been to a cheesecake factory that i didnt like. Oh yeah they have a nice bar for those who drink.  Ahi tartar and the dumplings . Aria was our server and took care of us (even though we can tell she wasn't feeling well). She maintained the table's needs (refills 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw This review is just for the take out counter. Went in to get cheesecake that would not have nuts in it. Lovely staff were kind enough to walk me through the options. Ended up with a white chocolate blueberry cheesecake. Hit the spot. Ate here last night with couple friends food was o k....forgot to order my salad...so dark couldn't even see the menu! Of course the cheese cake was delicious!  I hope you give her a great big hug for me right now. You absolutely put the ""awe"" in Awesome!"   this tasked like a cheap version of orange chicken . It was extremely salty and deep fried. . I don't recall getting any cashews. We also ordered Asian salad. It was drenched with salad dressing which was too salty we had the jambalaya chicken and shrimp which we liked but they must have forgotten the sauce. I wanted to order cheese cake but was stuffed" First time eating dinner here and the shrimp and chicken gumbo was excellent.. The service was great and our server was polite and very attentive.. I would go back the menu had lost of endless choices to chose from. "The food is decent a little bit overpriced my real problem with this place is the service we experienced. We were sitting outside for about 20 minutes waiters kept going by we got up and we were ready to leave when a server approached us and asked if we had a server so we said no  and he went and found who our server was.  Elizabeth than came to our table and said I kept wondering why no server was  checking up on you guys  turns out I'm your server. She kept making excuse after excuse not once did she apologize. By the end of our dinner we were already so annoyed by her she tried to get us to have desert and kept  trying to force us to have desert and than made a stupid comment  ""are you guys gonna make me run around here like a chicken with their head cut off to get you guys to order desert"" which we still have yet to figure out what she meant  by it. The bill then came you would've thought that when two people are spending almost a hundred bucks for dinner and drinks it would've been nice to have something taken off the check. Nope you're wrong not with Elizabeth. Oh and once more she made an excuse for making us wait 20+ minutes when the restaurant wasn't even busy. This happened about 3 months ago and I'm still furious about leaving her a tip. We've been back since and always make sure we don't have Elizabeth." Now would I go here on a regular basis probably not but it's nice once in awhile to enjoy."  it was a huge portion. Finished about 1/4 of it and the rest was snacks for later. The clam chowder soup was also a hit.  Simple "We came here for my friends birthday and it was such a fiasco! We called ahead and stated we had 20 people and the host said we should be able to get a table no problem. Sure enough they had to scramble and find room for us outside saying they never take reservations and had no idea we were coming. The parking situation is horrible and you have to remember to get validated. I ordered the four cheese pasta with chicken and the noodles just weren't cooked right. In my opinion Our appetizer and main course came cold. Our server forgot about us for a good 20 minutes while we waited for the check. I've had great service here before but not today.  and ooooh what a happy hour it is. Probably the best happy hour I've encountered in a very long while. Everything that's normally well over $12 is $5 Food wasn't prepared properly and when I asked for them to prepare it again it was horrible! Very disappointed and won't return to this location!  herb encrusted salmon does not taste quite as good when you're throwing it up. Currently sitting in the doctors office waiting for meds over a bad case of food poisoning. Thanks Cheesecake Factory!" "Arrived there with a friend at 11:15 am for lunch. I order the same thing which is absolutely my favorite- fish & chips. I placed my order and about 20 mins later my server came by to tell me that it would be about 20 mins to prep the fish. My question is Great happy hour! Super busy and the service is mediocre.. Huuuuge menu.. I had the 5$ happy hour burger and it was good. John is the best bartender!!! Always has a great attitude  and gives great service. He can pretty much make any drink that you want. Best time to visit are his shifts Monday  thru Friday for those people who like to sit at the bar.  this place is hit and miss." My husband and I tried it for the very first time the food was amazing and the waiter James was amazing as well we will be going back there again and hopefully I can get James again his service was by far the best I have had in a long time so thank you James Parking is impossible so they provide Ameripark valet. No mention of cost. $7 for  a 45 minute lunch!  I found both Cheesecake Factory and Ameripark failed to openly and accurately describe this arrangement. I was deceived and ripped off. BEWARE!  creamy and moist it is truly the best. Service is fast "Love this location. The biltmore is a nice place to stop on my way home from work and I always stop in for at least a piece of cheesecake but the food is great here too. They have so many different options. Mexican   but when I ordered it I was told it was discontinued.  If you are going to discontinue something you would think you would remove it from the slide show and change the menu! So sad "I guess my husband and I have been lucky that we've always had a wonderful experience at this location since I've read some reviews that it's been hit and miss. We've always had outstanding service and the food has been delicious. I highly recommend trying the Chicken Madeira. Oh... and the Godiva Cheesecake Had the crusted salmon with mash potato and asparagus lunch.  All can say is mmm mmm good. This is my first time at a cheesecake factory and wont be my last. Having good company and a good appetite makes a perfect lunch.  The choices on the menu makes it so very hard to decide.  I also have a couple of friends that tell me you can not go wrong with anything on this menu. I would love to come back again maybe on a special occasion because it is special occasion kind of money you will spend. You do get complimentary bread and that is a plus because its not bad at all. I like the wheat one it seemed to be softer than the white.  I did not get the cheesecake maybe next visit. I love this restaurant! I come here often and each time that I have come I have had great food as well as great service. I will continue to visit here.  comes our long wait for our orders to be brought out. Georgina hasn't been back to our table for at least 15 minutes at this point. Another young man stopped and dropped one basket of bread and a small dish with 4 butter pats Mediocre food. I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and it was VERY SALTY. All I tasted was salt. I had to send it back after 2 bites! Very disappointing. It's the simplest dish. Our server was very friendly and had a great attitude so not a total loss. Valet parking now takes half the entire mall parking (all the restaurant side.)  paying for parking when the entire mall parking lot is 45% full rubs me wrong.  The food was good. This place never disappoints. Our most recent server Anne Marie was a delight!  just typical chain restaurant food. I usually get the Louisiana chicken pasta which always has a lot of flavor. Sometimes it comes like it's been sitting out for a while because all the sauce has settled to the bottom and left a greasy film on top. My beef with this chain is their portion sizes. They're insane. Like "I went in for dessert and coffee by myself. I couldn't decide between my top 4 picks for cheesecake (SO MANY OPTIONS. IT'S OVERWHELMING.) I listed my top 4 options Great service and our server Gregario was amazing.  We tried to stump him with items on the menu but he was able to give great detail about the items as well as page numbers.  my lunch mates got salmon- big and looked awesome!  I tasted the fettuccine  alfredo- much too garlicky  and I like garlic! I had the luau chicken- perfect and this time they had pineapple  upside  cheesecake We ordered for the chicken potstickers and flat bread for the appetizers and they were really good . Their bread basket has some of the best samplers around ! They have huge portions of everything and the menu in itself is like a booklet with whole lot of selections . Linda's cream cake and the lemon meringue cheesecake for deserts were divine ! With such good food and ambience the price has all the reasons to be on the higher side . Hello .. Whose complaining !! Way to go CCF! 5 stars." SO ""Louie"" the Mgr came  over and said Sorry..we are having trouble with the Kitchen Mgr and his ordering.. You guys Suck!" The service there is atrocious!!! Had to wait over 20 minutes for service and that was after two other tables who came in after our party were seated and waited on! Complained to the manager and he gave an paulty excuse which I know for a fact is totally untrue! Will not spend another dime at this establishment!  but made us both a little sick to our stomachs after a few bites. Not sure how any human being could consume a whole slice in one sitting. When I went home I looked up the calorie count out of curiousity- it was about 1 Wait is longer than indicated - no reservations. Hosts do not acknowledge or update you. 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw "I went here last night with a party of 23. They do not take reservations. When our group checked in we were told it would be about an hour before our table was ready. We ended up waiting 2 hours for our party to be seated and we had to split our party up in 2 groups and sat on opposite sides of the room. We got 2 complimentary orders of nachos for waiting so long. Service was horrible. They insisted on taking our order a certain way but when the food was delivered Went with my wife for the first time. I guess it's ok for a company franchise. The food was great and the service was better.  no room for cheesecake.  everything is really intense.  our server was nice enough Apparently this is the place teen girls want to go for thier birthday.  If you are ever stuck trying to figure out a gift idea I highly recommend this location and restaurant chain and don't forget to validate before leaving." "Just had dinner at The CheeseCake Factory and I can probably tell you it was the worst experience ever; from the nasty floors to the ROACH crawling along OUR the table - REALLY!! The waiter did his best to catch the Roach without success. The waitress apologizes for the floor and the roach. Eventually the manager came over and offered to waive our dessert that we didn't even order. So he wanted us to pay more money for an subpar experience. I can see why this restaurant has three start rating. The restaurant is subpar 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw  but all the other times have been pretty pleasant. Customer service is pretty good. When it got buys we waited a really long time to get our check  this dish can definitely be shared if you aren't super hungry.  I definitely recommend the sweet corn tamales for an appetizer. Parking here can get a little complicated but the staff and service more than makes up for any parking inconvenience." The snickers cheescake is heaven I love eating dinner here because the food is great and the customer service is what I look for in a good restaurant What is there not to like about this place? They have a menu for everyone! I love how they have all different types of food! The orange chicken is one of my favorite meals!! Must try! "Who doesn't love The Cheesecake?  You have 100 things to chose from. Portions are huge. I've never had a bad meal there. Tonight 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw  we were told we would have to wait because their systems were down and they couldn't close anyones bill out - so 20 minutes and no apologies or discount later  but he never came back. We finally gathered up our leftover and went to the front desk to get their assistance in retrieving our credit cards and receipts. This server experience will not keep me from returning to this restaurant because the food is awesome!" The nice thing is that even on a Friday night they will take reservations for large groups." 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw All in all we waited longer than was necessary but we are OK with that as we were relaxing and enjoying each other's company. The waitress must of been having a bad day  but if they knock a few dollars off it would be even be better.  We ordered chips with guacamole dip and it was really good and fresh. I had the macaroni cheeseburger with fries. The place can use just a little more lighting "I come on in with my girlfriend it was  nice welcome then our server came over did not ask how are we or any thing did not give us his name he just came up and ask ""what can I get you"" in a really downward voice and then I ordered a beer and a long island I'm half way down with my beer and he take it without asking me if I was done and he never came to check up on us. I felt like he could have been more friendly and kind to me and my girlfriend he could have started by saying ""hello If I could do 2 1/2 I would but I can't so I'll go with a solid 2 stars. Food was decent. Good spices and the chicken was tender but more pasta then chicken. Two people spent $85 not all that I've been here many times but never cared for the service. But today it was great because of Brandon (the waiter). He was absolutely amazing!!! He made this day so much better. He has such great spirit. He went above and beyond. He's a valuable asset to the company!!! People like him make a difference. Thank you.  but none the less delicious! You have to try it!"  but ""meh"" just about describes the food experience. My friend had a pasta dish that should have had ""with shrimp"" in teeny tiny letters as those were in short supply. I had about the simplest thing on the menu--the Regina Special The cucumber lemonade is where it's at! They muddle fresh lime in it and it's absolutely delicious!!! Our server Marcella couldn't hear us though. And she brought chocolate milk out for my kid even though I distinctly said white. She tried All their deserts are amazing! I was very pleased with the service. "This place was pretty disappointing considering how many people I know can't stop ranting about it. We sat at a table in the bar area and waited nearly 20 mins to get service even tho it was the middle of the afternoon. The food was nothing to write home about either. I don't know about places that offer huge menus like that "Best place ever!! Great food great service. I highly recommended this place. First time I ate in this place I was so amaze how the waitress were on you  especially for a chain restaurant.  Anne Marie took exceptional care of us and earned a 25% gratuity for her extraordinary efforts. Thank you Cheesecake Factory!"  I doubt I'll be back anytime soon... but that's OK... I doubt they'll miss me..." Fresh yummy brunch with a nice atmosphere the waiter was timely and the restaurant was clean  the kitchen added lemon and capers to the Alfredo.  WRONG!  Again it went back and this time I got a reasonable facsimile of a piccata.  The next time I went in the bartender Chelsea ignored me for almost 20 minutes.  When she finally did come over she was rude and treated me like a second class subhuman piece of trash.  Today I went back and Chelsea was working again.  I had just returned from a hiking trip with friends and sat in the back of a Jeep for six hours.  I just wanted to have a drink and relax while I waited for an Uber to pick me up.  Unfortunately Chelsea's girlfriend was sitting at the bar and didn't shut up from the moment I walked in to the moment I left.  I'm not saying it's wrong to have friends come in when your working and everyone has the right to express themselves but there is a limit and boundaries need to be set.  Sorry Cheesecake Factory  the beef in the Samoas was well seasons and has a crisp bite that melted into your mouth. The beverage the strawberry creamsickle was not the greatest Who else is feeling positive this evening?"  but not a great waiter. After taking our order we advised that we were on a break from work so we would like the check immediately. We received our check last.  Our food arrived with 20 minutes to spare from our break. He said that he would bring to go boxes with our order. Not only did we never get a to go box Other than that food was great!" Be careful when you leave because there is a column by the door with a square bottom. I hit my knee on the corner and was lucky it didn't break the skin because it was chipped."  Vince and Chase. Sit in the bar area and you're set. Great atmosphere  even if you don't have room for it; take a slice home with you. But to my original surprise the first time I came to one of these Consistency consistancy wow what more can I say I've never had a bad meal at Cheesecake Factory I often wonder how do they do it with such a large menu the food is made quickly and fresh and always taste great. Always coming back to that fantastic place." "I've visited this location for lunch a few times with work associates and every time the food and service has been great. I love the strawberry lemonade they serve -- perfect balance of sweet and sour. Their beef dip sandwich Great place for a drink after work.  Killer bar food.  The mac and cheese is to die for. Special note - they are closed on Sundays.  I've been there several times when I wanted to go after catching a Sunday movie and I've wondered why they looked closed.  Now I know.  Other than that they are open 11am-2am M-F and 4pm-2am on Saturday."  we'll miss your place!" "Just had the worst customer service from the management at the  Chilis on Camelback and 20th st. As a long time former employee of the company Both the health dept and corporate need to make a surprise visit." I wish I could remember her name!"  and I don't like when places used chopped lettuce in caesar salads. I prefer the larger leafs.  The beer selection is medium sized...a little smaller than what I would think a place that bills itself as a taproom would offer." Potato Skins. Big plate and good enough to share."  what a novel concept: I can hear what my companion is saying!"  so good. They make the tortilla chips fresh and they are super thin." "Not too bad. It's a upscale sports bar.  Food is pretty good and they always have wine/drink specials.  Usually not many people in there.  I need to put this in rotation more often "Keegan's is a nice pub style place with tv's placed perfectly for sports watching.  Our service was attentive and friendly and they have a nice selection of beers in the bottle and on draft.   The crowd is friendly and unpretentious.   The food Always a great place to stop in on the Camelback corridor." I'll definitley be back for Sunday brunch again for some of that great french toast and hope to check it out for dinner some night. Keegan's usually has some good  but pretty small.  I keep meaning to try some of the dinner items on the menu.  The beer is kinda pricey retail - it was $5 for draft hefeweisens when i went last night.  It wasn't happy hour but geez.."  what's a Taproom? they only had about 5 beers on tap?" I would definitely go back."  the atmosphere was total old people. It seemed like a great place to go at like 10am on a sunday to watch the final round of a golf tournament. Lots of blue hairs there as well  prices are ok.  One of these days I'm going to hang-out here for a few hours and have a few beers." Great place to go for lunch.    They are always busy; service is excellent and the food good.     Their sandwiches are especially good.   Highly recommend.       You will not be disappointed.         If you enjoy looking at pictures it is a great place to see important people.  and just a fun place to go.  It is also a place I like to meet people for happy hour.  They have a wonderful selection of beers also they offer two happy hours a 3pm - 6:30 pm and a night one also." Happy hour starts at 8 PM... Awesome! Food is Awesome! My new favorite place! Go there...NOW!"  the service is great and the food is really delicious. I wasn't putting a lot of hope in the food but everything that we've tried has been very good. My only suggestion would be that they turn down the grill and cook the food a bit longer. I had to have them remake one of my sliders and I've seen other situation were people asked for their food to be cooked more. But the food tastes so good that it isn't even an issue for me or my usually very picky boyfriend :) we just make sure to have them cook everything well. All in all  as well as homemade comfy dinner -  quick rVUEZpHQfWI_3kt0lBwaxQ  restaurant serving safe standards cooked safely.  Your parents will love it."  other times it is very lacking. So they get three stars for that. The beer and drink selection is good. I have never had bad service at the bar. It is a good place go to watch a game on TV and have a few beers. I will be back because the food is consistently OK."  i would say the bar and kitchen let the front of the house down with bad recipes and poor execution." They have the BEST wings...not fried! They now offer grass fed and hormone free burger...YUM! Only had soup and salad and it is hard to mess it up but the soup (lentil) was delicious and most importantly it was hot. The house salad was adaquate.  Service was friendly and timely. I would recommend this bistro for its price and food  and are happy hour fans.  Fans of the food.  The drinks are fine - but not extensive.  If you want comfortable booths in the bar with beer and wings - this is a good place to go." I had the ""Son of MOAB"": A large hamburger on an egg bread roll. Not a bad deal at $6 for the combo."  healthy flavor! My dinner was priced fairly and I got a lot of food. I will be going back" I stopped by Keegan's to eat corned beef and cabbage on St. Patrick's Day. I've never ordered this dish before so I didn't know if I was going to like it or not. I ended up loving it!  The corned beef was lean and tender and the veggies were perfectly seasoned. I was pleasantly surprised by the food here. I'd definitely come back to try other items on the menu. Met up with a group of friends here on a Monday night... a big group. Although Keegan's had no notice of our mob arrival they did well with service etc. Beers were poured fast; food took a little extra time but with a group our size that is to be expected. The outside patio space was great on a warm AZ night... a friend got the sliders and said they were quite tasty when they finally arrived. The happy hour prices are okay with a nice choice of beers and mixed cocktails.  and the service was excellent.  Our waitress was very attentive and pleasant."  and this is also a wonderful place to take your grandparents. It is one of my grannies faves."  was that I ordered the taproom steak sandwich. I have had this several times over the years at all 3 locations. Tonight I got it and it looked like half the normal portion! What happened Keegan's did we skim back? It was literally 2 small steaks (maybe 1.5lbs each instead of the normal 3lbs each). I just think that's really skimpy for a $14 dollar meal. I hope this is helpful criticism because I do love the Keegan's restaurants and normally have good service. I was just really disappointed tonight and thought you needed to know!" And the food is amazing as well.  And please always remember to make room for their cobbler :)  Prices are very reasonable - and Happy Hour is a menu you can't beat.  (Football Sundays is also an all day happy hour as well)" I don't know how the Health Department feels about dogs sitting on a diner's lap in a busy dining room...but I think it is inexcusable." The staff was friendly and attentive. Hopefully it won't be years before we return. We had a great experience and I'm ready for another one of those margaritas!!" Finally tried this neighborhood spot! Great happy hour prices.  Really good food - not your average bar food.  Had ribs and Mac and cheese (so good!) spicy shrimp app was tasty.  Good service and enjoyed the music when we were there.  Good mix of people and will definitely be going back!  sniffling and touching the door and menus.  I'm not a big germa-phone but this is not very appealing as I'm about to eat.  Then our waitress came along and was not familiar with the menu at all.   She was still friendly and attentive  a good place for either happy hour or a meal." I would say their only downsides are that their prices felt a bit high for the portions that they offer and the dining atmosphere is only okay.  But  he loved them. The food is nicely presented the service was excellent. I would easily recomment Keegans to my friends and am looking forward to eating there again."  and has the most beautiful and friendly bartender in Autumn.  I would recommend this place for anyone who just wants to have some good food and a few drinks to wound down."  but no one came to our table for drink orders or even to greet us and say they would be with us shortly after they were done talking gossip... after 7 min we left. Slow service and they were empty. We spent our 40.00 at a different restaurant."  I'd visit Keegan's every week if I could. I should be traveling to Phoenix again soon and when I do I will definetly be stopping in again!"  it appeared that many diners has delicious looking meals.  Perhaps the fail was in what we chose to order?  I would consider a re-visit  based on this meal and looking at the menu I would guess if you do not have adventurous tastes and a bud light palate you will be happy here - If you are looking for something more than average American cuisine - move on" The food is just ok nothing special. I had the fish and chips I would rather them be battered and not Panko crusted. The service is just ok too. I did enjoy the cold beer. Worst wait staff and management i have ever experienced in my life!!! Kinda feels like a retirement home. Love this place!! Me and my fiance went there yesterday.  The food was delicious. And we had the coolest server ever! Toma was on top of it. And had some great food recommendations.  I hadn't been here in a while and glad I came back! Fantastic service from Toma and good eats! Love this place! We will definitely be back.  but you didn't hear it from me ;) and I would recommend it for locals and visitors alike. Keegan's=your favorite neighborhood bar and grill." rVUEZpHQfWI_3kt0lBwaxQ  service and atmosphere....."  and I speak from experience. Too many restaurants serve food that is weak on flavor but the food at Keegan's has an explosion of flavor. Don't let yourself be fooled by the food looking like what is typically served at any other grill. Don't be caught by surprise if the manager personally checks in on you and your food is out within minutes from ordering. My waiter was Jaimie and she will not let you down. This is not a place to pass up. Drop in and grab a bite to eat." Everything was just ok. Decent beer selection. They got the temp right on my burger. My wife had salmon. The consensus was good service but lackluster flavors. Everything needed more seasoning.  it's also hard to say anything good about it. I guess if I had to characterize this bar/restaurant I would say that it's mediocre in almost every way. Let me start with the beer selection: not a lot on draft. The fact that a supposedly Irish bar doesn't have staples like Smithwick's or Guinness is disappointing. The food is hit or miss. The vegetable melt was extremely soggy and unappetizing The place looked newly remodel. It was nice and clean. The waiter was very attentive however we picked a bad day with all the rain . The electric went out four times during our meal .  My salad was large with large chunks of avocado and plenty of chicken.  My associate had a salmon salad The mood here is clean and casual.  There are tvs available to watch the current sporting event and a full service bar.  Or have a seat in one of their spacious booths." Weekend: Drink Specials all day & night" The food was really bad.   And my son didn't touch his Cuz it was that yucky.   The waitress wasn't that friendly and didn't bother asking us if we wanted to try something else.  Since we barely ate any of it.   Good customer service is offering something else or at least a deduction for uneaten meals.   Will not go back. rVUEZpHQfWI_3kt0lBwaxQ "Not great. Very empty at dinner time on a Thursday. Odd crowd and wait staff seemed uninterested in our table. Food was pretty meh  but let's put it in the bag! It should be simple enough This gem is right across the street from where I work. They had so many different choices for food! I got the shrimp tacos and I loved them! I plan to go back and try more!  which are still the best I've ever had. Then they took them off the menu. After that I have been here on and off over the years and have not been disappointed yet! Worth a stop in you're in the area." Whenever I'm in the area I want Keegans.  So yummy.  They have a delicious menu and great atmosphere!  Staff is friendly as well. rVUEZpHQfWI_3kt0lBwaxQ On St. Paddy's day they put up a strong corned beef! Just a wee bit of info for ya."  I had the tuna sandwich along with the potato soup amazing it hit the spot. The girls at the bar very friendly .  Fast and Attractive.  FRIENDLY ====im coming back!" Don't go there. They have limitations one shot per hour. The GM isn't friendly and could careless. You can tell the staff isn't well trained. Big disappointment.   this place might be worth waiting to try. We started out strong with our drink and appetizer order then sat for almost 40 minutes after it was gone and watched people demanding service near the specials board. We stood up and our server was nowhere to be seen.  The Pale Ale cheese and chip appetizer was pretty good but our patience just ran out. Not sure if we would try this place again." the ladies ate we paid the bill but we will not return........what a disaster........too many good restaurants in phoenix who offer better food and service..........general information this is the first time i have ever yelped...........neighboring patron enlightened me ( they were also dissatisfied)"  one that is friendly to the occasional cigar loving patron is a rare find. I'll be back to try more things on the menu."  it didn't even click I hadn't signed the card slip).  He beckoned me to follow him back to the expo window plopped down the card and bag and turned around with out another word.  He looked so cheerful the whole time I thought a ""sorry about that"" or SOMETHING/ANYTHING by way of apology would be offered since he watched me walk up out of the heat... but nope!  We order takeout about once a week from this location and walk over every time.  Now I really have to think  very little chicken and what was there was sliced so thin I could barely tell that it was chicken. There was two little tortilla strips and the rest of it was lettuce and very little dressing.  If I had been by myself I would have complain to the server and ask for something else since I had two bites and realized that it was not good.  Paying  $9 for a pile of lettuce is a rip off." "Reverse Happy hour is the best!  Love the wings(they are grilled and not buffalo style but very tasty).  The skins are nice and crispy with lots of bacon and the kale salad is refreshing.  We go there a couple times a month and food Never had a bad meal here and I eat here a LOT. it's much better than bar food. Prices are very reasonable and they have a $6.95 soup and sandwich every weekday for lunch.  however ribs were brought out cold. Had to send them back. Hostess was spunky as a wet noodle. Double charged for soft drinks "Great little spot for some small plates & apps. We stopped in for our Friday Date Night & had some small plates "Been a very satisfied customer for 25 years! Autumn makes the best drinks! We've been spoiled by their potato skins I came here for ribs and steak but it wasn't dinner hour. I had wings and sandwiches instead and they were still great. I love the environment "The ribs are the best in town. Service is friendly and efficient. It's a neighborhood place that's been there for years. Love going  salad and beverage apiece was less than $18 with tip.  VERY Reasonable for such a great place to be." "customer service is awesome when Autumn is working the bar. Down to earth place "So I have to update this review as we have returned back to Keegan's on many occasions since and have become regulars and have had great service and terrific food. The server that helped us on our first visit was new and even if she told us that we would have understood but would have still walked out. Please to all servers  in the same parking lot with $1 oysters during their HH that also starts at 2pm weekdays (and $15 bottomless Bloody Mary's or Mimosas on the weekends) and this is a great way to say Happy Friday and start the weekend!"  and Central Bistro). So don't feel bad passing up Keegan's for a more reliable and delicious option." Very good happy hour spot. Great American food with cheap prices. the baby back ribs ($6) were perfectly cooked and seasoned. Did I mention happy he starts at 2 pm! It has been 18 months . Server was a little  sassy and knew my colleague.  Had their soup and sandwich.  Lentil soup was excellent  with a nice rich broth. Mini slider was tasty . Good experience "Nice place!  I ordered two small plates (bacon wrapped pork tenderloin and the two small burgers)   and nice!  Jaime offered menu insights to make sure everyone would be happy with their orders.. All if the food was excellent. I had the all natural half chicken.  Chicken was well seasoned  but food was amazing and the service was outstanding! The Russian girl Toma gave me great food recommendations. Will be back soon!" We can't wait to come here again soon  but seems like it's for an older crowd. The design inside is pretty cool and I like their giant front door. I only came for lunch Boomer Sooner! Go OU!" qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg  JT....OMG...the wings will make you take flight. They are the most delicious little mouth delights. Serious ..dude should have a solid gold chicken wing out front. They are grilled to perfection Hands down best bar in the nation. I go here a few times a week. The food is amazing and the bartenders and waitress are friendly and gorgeous. Even if it's packed the waitress is always right there with a smile. I recommend the wings and taco thursdays! it's a great place to go to watch the game. go sooners!  Rebecca was sweet and informative... The place is simple... and cheap... and packed... The wings seemed to be the thing... and Im wishing I had a taste for them... just never have been a fan. But they looked good... My friend had a burger... it was piled high with mushrooms.. I had a grilled chicken sandwiche...basic Best wings ever!!!! There is no place that can stand near this place for wings. "I'm a fan of J.T.'s.  Reasonable drinks and REALLY good wings.  It's small Note: It gets really packed around dinner time and the service can be slow - so take a deep breath Great wings...cool place to chill  the food is delicious and you'll end your night with a shockingly cheap tab!" Service sucks bad on the weekend. Mainly because the weekend waitresses are unfriendly and incompetent. Amazing wings. I would suggest going just for them but during the week when the blonde waitress works who is very friendly and highly competent. Can't get much better than this.  This was our first time in and the regulars welcomed us as if we had been coming there for 10 years!  We will definitely be back.  The wings are just too awesome not to have again." This place a small bar with very little walking space. I can only imagine if I came during happy hour or when a big game was on. I would give them 3.5 stars  cooked really god damn well and served perfectly crispy.  I would come back strictly for the wings despite my overall discomfort there.  But then  JT's is the place. It's got a very regular Baja Arcadia crowd but is friendly to newcomers also. Put a couple of bucks in the jukebox and play Johnny Cash "All I really need to say is GRILLED WINGS.... but I shall say more in detail. They have the BEST wings in town! They fry the wings "I was introduced to this bar by an old landlord in arcadia. at the time i was not a buffalo wings kinda guy but that has all changed. this place has set the bar for wings in phx for me. fried "Best dive bar. Ever.  Go see Beth and order yourself a ""Clint Black."" You can thank me later."  but don't take my fucking seat. I'm hungry."  cool crowd and best wings in PHX. You need to order ""The Works"" wings (secret menu) Julio is the cook and he does a great job! You will find JT sitting at the bar usualyy drinking with the patrons. There's a juke box and great daily specials such as: 2 for 1 burgers on Tuesdays. A can't miss spot." The wings are absolutely amazing. They made me feel like carnivore. Yum! Tacos are also very good. People are nice and friendly. Service is on point. So far I'm in love. Definitely if I was a resident of Phoenix I would come here frequently.  I love local places like this."  and Julio keeps mine nice and rare. Perfect. It's a great place to chew the fat with a friend. You can also just walk in by yourself and spark up a conversation with just about anyone there. Be careful with JT though. He is a man of few words qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg  great tasting bar food at it's best but the thing you have to get is the wings.  These are the best wings in town "Were the wings the best I've ever had? Probably. I love the divey feel of the place too. Definitely my kind of bar. The only thing that bumped it down was how warm my beer was. I know that's a bit picky "This review is for drinks only! I went here last night with a party of 8 people for a birthday party. The place is cute and supposedly has awesome food...but their kitchen was closed! Lame! Anyway  just on the good side of too salty. Try not to be put off by ""chicken feet"" on the menu; they aren't feet but rather... the most delicious and moist chicken tenders EVER (one-upped with homemade ranch dressing). We walked in just looking for a chill spot to watch some Olympiad action and were so pleasantly surprised. Friendly  salad and a baked potato.  I also love the tacos special.  I thought it was taco Tuesday but maybe it's Taco Thursday.  Great special.  Now I must say that it's a old neighborhood bar in a old little strip mall.  Growing up down the road since the 60's I saw how the bar used to be.  It was where the men and ""drunks"" would go to drink.  I always say that it was my friends and I that changed the place.  My husband would go there with some friends and slowly slowly I would go.  I would be dressed up and feel very out of place.  Eventually about three years later I saw the change that I fell we instigated in about 2005.  It is now a tavern that you can take your girl to BEST WINGS EVER!!!!  Service is slow but it's worth it!  Burgers are good too but the wings are outstanding! Wings were OK. Liked the Yella Pilsner draft special. Decent dive bar. Real good ranch! Great tasting food at great price. Drinks are ok.  How can one mess up a fun and tonic?  cheap drinks and the best wings in town :)" Overall taste was a 5 but experience knocked one off."  space is tight and the people come in all shapes  and the drinks are strong and the bartenders are awesome. Tip: don't order a frozen drink. It's not the place for it  and if you can't deal with true dive bar bathrooms  home grown dive bar ever.. The beer is ICE COLD and the wings are THE BEST in this town....Jenny is a fantastic bartender and makes you feel like family from the minute you walk in until you crawl out the door!"  very small but fun and they have great wings!" I really liked this hole-in-the-wall.  Yes the grille wings rock!! Just kidding. We had a blast and the place is such a typical neighborhood Divey Bar. Check it out. Not sure the prices since the man next to us was buying all the drinks and I was the DD." "Classic dive bar in the east coast sense of the term.  Not many left in the world.  If you like wings than you have to stop by at least for a taste and the rest of the standard bar food is rotated as daily specials and are very generous and filling (especially steak night!).  Lots of regulars who appear to be very welcoming and deferential to newcomers (i.e.  along with other daily specials. It can be a little Arcadia 'clique-y' and you won't get much sports watching here given the tight space. It is a good place for Oklahoma football games It is definitely a locals hang-out with the guy sitting next to me at the bar trying to remember the name of an Arcadia nightclub from 1990 which ""used to be great until it turned a bit knifey"" The bartender and the local struggled with the name. I was of no help. I Googled ""knifey Arcadia nightclub"" without success. I left before they could get it "Local hidden gem. I snapped some pics to share with my OU friends and they were definitely happy. Small place but packed on a weeknight. Two tv's to watch whatever's on.  No frills service. Good bar food. I'll admit I didn't find the wings to match their hype here qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg They have a pretty large beer selection on tap and every liquor you would want! This place is def going to be apart of my repertoire and it should be for you too!"  don't believe the review underneath mines. I'm almost 100% positive it was done by someone who works for them or has some sort of affiliation with this place. It's written like an advertisement. The wings look NOTHING like they do in that picture. This review would be VASTLY different if they did. Our wings were all limp and flaccid when they showed up to film. Nice try you guys. You make me sick." qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg  hot fries. Anything better? I think not. Bar was crowded but the 1 server did a masterful job of getting drinks and food out for all the customers. We were the oldest by far  and the food was fantastic. The wings are incredible. A must visit! I'll  be back for sure!"  cozy little dive ! Best wings in town ?! Top ten for sure ! The hours seem to be a little wonky but that's ok" "This place has a really great laid back vibe to it. I've had lots of wings in my life from lots of different places and hands down this place has the best wings on the planet. If you like wings "Wings on wings on wings. If you come here they are a must and while your at it get a beer from one of the local breweries they have on draft... Take a cab  and awesome bartenders. New TV's to watch football all day. Definitely worth the drive here if it is out of your way just for their famous wings. Will not be disappointed. Small bars with character does not not get any better. Someone you meet in this first 30 minutes will most likely buy you a shot or beer. It's that kind of friendly vibe." Dive bar heaven! Loved this little gem. Their is a jukebox so you can play your own tunes. The drinks are cheap. The patrons are hilarious. The vibe is awesome and reminds me of little beer joints back east. Go. Drink. Be merry! Best wing's (the works!!) and sports bar atmosphere ever! The best music is always playing!  but they didn't charge us for any add-ons like upgrading to onion rings. Burger was good! Not life changing The bartenders are ahhhhhmazzzzing! Don't know how they do it! Had a medium rare filet  tonight. Steak night duh why wouldn't you get the Wednesday night steak special! Herman is a great chef! They have a jukebox ... Awesome! Go to JTs and you will be winning! I heart Megs! "JT's receives a lot of praise for their buffalo wings and it is well deserved. We trekked over from old town on our bikes. JT's is easy to get to from the canal. After sitting down at a table we were greeted by the friendly staff. Beers arrived quickly and an order of 12 medium wings were out shortly after. Fried I give five stars for the atmosphere and extremely friendly staff who clearly appear to enjoy their job and the down to earth people who know about this small bar." It's a smaller hole in the wall kind of place. But for this stretch of Indian School it's a great easy going kinda spot.  pretty plain bloody Mary's but the wings are amazing!! If you're like us and always looking for great wings Got charged 3 times one card and have to wait 2 days to get my money back. I understand how the banks work but come on.....$135 for 10 shots of fireball. Ridiculous. First time there and probably last time there We heard about the wings and we weren't disappointed. I tried the spicy honey bbq the works and the hot wings. The hot wings were the best of the three. The works and the honey bbq were close in flavor so I'd recommend only one of the sweet ones to go with the spicy. Our service was amazing. The place was packed and there were only two people working the server was very attentive and quick with refills "Probably the best wings I've ever had. They're crispy and slightly barbeque charred on the outside (not messy or greasy at all) but still moist and juicy on the inside and packed with tons of flavor. Great hole in the wall spot with lots of character. Type of place common in older east coast cities  delicious!  JT's is the perfect neighborhood hangout.  You must go.  The bartenders are awesome and so are the cooks.  They get to know you and when you come in again they have your ""usual"" ready for you.  Very hard to find a place like this in a large city.  Fantastic!" "" it's an insider flavor that's sweet and spicy. I get mine with a side of hot sauce cuz I love my wings spicy! They also have homemade ranch which is totally dope."  I prefer a more crispy outside and I like a lot of heat. These wings are drenched in sauce when double dipped Your classic hole in the wall bar. Nice people and fantastic wings. Good pricing on drinks too. Worth a visit for sure "Ahhhmazing wings.  Go on Mondays for wing special; $6.  I've only been once It is better in the winter than the summer. Great music player on wall."  I promise {Other local restaurants have tried to copy their ways and can't compare!} It's full of Arcadia locals and the best place to visit on a Saturday afternoon to watch sports "Tired of the $15 burgers in old town decided to log a few extra miles to and wander over to a tried and true favorite.  It happened to be $.95 cent taco Thursdays and while my friends indulged in several of the other menu items I went with taco's which were a great value and 2 filled me up as they were accompanied with the right mix/amount of lettuce  I haven't seen him lately...possible sighting in Paradise Valley restaurant but could not  confirm if it was him or a clone?"  he does them the best. Bar has divey atmosphere and a hint of sports bar persona." "We used to close this place down (regularly).  Love JT's!  Great tiny little watering hole where the ""regulars"" constantly occupy their favorite barstools.   Is that old codger still renting a party bus to the Jimmy Buffett concert every year?  Oh & their wings are the BEST! One of the few places in town that you can order them fried  since she says the ladies room (is cleaner and nicer than most restaurants).  It's a neighborhood bar "This is literally the best bar I've been to in Phoenix. It's a small neighborhood dive bar. We started out with jalapeo poppers which were delicious. Top notch. We then had the double dipped ""works"" grilled wings. I consider myself a wing connoisseur and these were the best I've ever had! Also  so filled in the blanks and JT is out of the picture but his legacy lives on.  This place is as popular as ever but we usually manage to find a spot.  Today's review is for the cook who deserves a bonus and a nice long all expense paid vacation...I've never seen someone who can knock out a couple hundred wings  and the finished grilled touch makes them extra special.  I love this fun little narrow bar! Great place to kick back I'm for sure going back sometime. The wings were the bomb." The one good thing about JT's is that the bartender the night we were in was good looking and very friendly guy with exceptional service." Please get someone better! Looks don't beat good service."  crispy are the best wings I've ever had anywhere. Absolute perfection....finished on the grill the way a wing should be."  (some bald tool) of this place told my friend he had to leave. This was after loading the jukebox and ordering drinks. If you enjoy alcoholic bars this is for you. And by alcoholic I mean ""owner"" specifically."  great people. Love this place!"  atmosphere and friendly people who go there. I will keep going back again and again to this neighborhood gem!"  and perfectly toned attitude. The wings are superior. There is no happy hour - I kind of like that. I used to go to a place that had a sign up that said ""No happy hour 4pm to 6pm.""  I felt at home. It was crowded  but still a great place to get some food. Kind of dive-y. Parking is difficult." JTs is the best bar to go to whether it's for HH during the week or on the weekend. Always a great atmosphere with the absolute best wings of all time- the works or medium! I love it so much that I ask for JTs gift cards for holidays! A wonderful little neighborhood bar in an exceptional location. The wings are some of the best in town. Great crowd of regulars and friendly bartenders. Love the vibe in here.  but meaty enough that a dozen will likely fill you up. We enjoyed the spicy honey BBQ and the works (kind of a mashup of other sauces It's a solid local joint. I was there on a Wednesday evening and seemed to be the only person who wasn't a regular. Service was alright. Nothing to rave about but not terrible either. Will visit for another round of their suicide wings. Awesome local bar!  Surprisingly good food! Grilled wings and tacos!   Bathrooms are clean! The only drawback was the amount of time we waited for our food which was probably about 45-60 minutes. The waiter apologized and let us know that a ton of take out orders were put in right before we arrived but it does make me leery about going back during dinner and receiving a timely meal. Regardless we will return but maybe at a less peak time Favorite wing spot in Phoenix!  Thanks to my good friend Robbi G. who turned me onto this place.  but constant reasonable pricing. I can explain: happy hour already means that a place gets too crowded at that time and there is no way to have a rest enjoying you drinks. I prefer coming to bar whenever I want to! JT's Bar & Grill has vigorous energy and it feels like home  good times and good people. They have beer and food and games. The guac rules. Everything rules and everyone should go here. I am adding more words so this review will be accepted. Yay Yelp."  the place is rather small and the service was a little slow but this is understandable because it was packed...the music was also very good.." Great place for a night out on the town! I don't recommend bringing in a big group unless you call ahead and ask if they have room. It's a very small and narrow place."  wings are bomb and service is amazing!!!!  Love that you can pick your own music as well....bonus!!!"  and the place is seemingly run by people all very comfortable and familiar with each other (something I really like). Great beers on tap I WILL NEVER BE COMING BACK HERE AGAIN!!!!!" This is a great neighborhood bar and grill.  It is your basic menu with some surprises and daily dinner and soup specials .  I always seem to get the same things every time I go... I either like the London Beef Dip with fries (fries come with a mixture of regular and sweet potato fries which are yummy) or if I am looking for something a little lighter I love their chopped salad.  They make a house sangria that is fantastic and they also make their own infused pineapple vodka which is very tasty too. Wally's happy hour is from 4-6p M-F with $1 off cocktails & beer and $2 off all appetizers... I'll be back for more of that artichoke and spinach dip with a beer or 2 next time for sure!  See you there!"  I'll come back for the we serve mostly ""regulars"" feeling you get.  I don't think enough people know about this place but those that do come back for more.  The Cuban is my lunch of choice and the beer selection is perfect for happy hour." Definately a place I intend of coming back" Our server was attentive throughout the meal and checked in on us occasionally.  He offered dessert To5CjntVFawXM_hpAhvVdQ  it's definitely a great place to try.  But I wouldn't go out of your way to try it!" "We rode our bikes here ther other night and had a wonderful time and dinner for two + 2 drinks for $25. The food was very fresh and the patio is great. The ""hold in the wall"" feeling Nikki talks about is dead on! Try it out sometime when you just don't know where to go!"  but you can always bet it will be a satisfying meal for anyone considering going to a bar for dinner." Not a bad place to eat. A little pricey for what you get. Nice location with a patio. Good place for happy hour.  you may even run into Wally."  but we still love this neighborhood pub.  Can't go wrong with the cob salad.  Try the pinapple infused vodka."  Tuesday is Ta-tor Tot Tuesday & the sweat potato fries can make it a toss up. So check it out...you will be back." We are definitely fans of this place!  The veggie burger and wine burger are excellent. Loved the atmosphere. Very unpretentious as another reviewer posted. Wally's has a fun Cheer's like atmosphere. It's dog friendly and allows you to bring your dog on the patio. I recently ate on the patio with a friend and our three dogs. They catered to us and our dogs were very chill. It was a wonderful experience! The Wally's at Gainey ranch has a Dog Days Sundays event every Sunday. I'll be back... probably soon. Got another hair appointment I have been twice for happy hour. All their burgers are $7 during this time. I had one of the best veggie burgers I have ever had and definitely the best in the valley. My next visit I had the escargot with bleu cheese and it was delicious! I only wish the bread it was served with had been toasted otherwise it was perfect. I can't wait to visit the Gainey Village location.  especially on cold days. The Danish ribs are the best that I've had in the Valley--they fall off the bone and have a devine flavor. Friday lunch special is fish tacos and they are absolutely wonderful! I can go on and on On a recent trip to Scottsdale we randomly found this place and decided to go inside and boy were we impressed.  The ribs were perfect and amazing as was the fish and chips.  Our waiter Jeremy was a pleasure he made us laugh and feel welcome.  Wouldn't mind if he sat down and ate with us he was great!  Loved this place!  everyone knows your name. Wally... he's kind of a grouch. But whatever. I think he's just getting old... and tired of it all. The bar is adorable There is something old school cool about a joint where the Proprietor is almost always present and Wally's is that place. He's the guy with the grey hair and beard who probably handed you your menu. Tell him I said hello and that the Price family loves him like their own." I love the Vegetarian Burger they make here! So delicious! A really good menu and a very nice atmosphere! I recommend it! "My husband and I were heading for the Cork & Cleaver for lunch when it was discovered they were closed due to a fire. Lucky for us we ended up at Wally's and what a find this place is. The employee's are terrific and they really seem to enjoy their jobs. From the moment we walked in we felt like our patronage was wanted. Very comfortable and the greatest part  THIS place is the bomb-diggity!!! They are pretty reasonably priced for the amount of food they give you and oh... the food! Super delicious!! I've had a few different things there now and I'm NEVER let down!! Their French Onion soup is delicious and the cobb salad was outstanding! My ex always get their 4 cheese macaroni and LOVES it!!! You can NEVER go wrong with Wally's!!!!! :-)" "Solid menu! Great food and good atmosphere. Everything that I have had here has been delicious. Burgers To5CjntVFawXM_hpAhvVdQ  Spaghetti w/ HOMEMADE yummy meatballs/spinach/mushrooms (ok ok ok basically everything I've tried lol) and happy hour specials!  Family owned biz w awesome wait staff that know you by name!  Been coming for years and always consistent and fresh!  Also We had a hamburger it was a little dry. Overall just ok. This is a cool place to have a drink but the food NO WAY. It is not memorable and there are too many other food places close by." Great patio!  Great food!  Great staff!" Our waitress and the burgers were great! Started with the spicy wings that were spicy but sooooo tasty. Buttons and bleu burger was delicious and the fries were a mix of regular and sweet potato all in. One yummy mound. They even included an onion ring on the top. Perfection! Give this place a try.  but I thought it was incredibly rude that he would come out to question us! We've never had this experience at any eating establishment anywhere - I was really taken back. This is not indicitive of Wally's - but Wally I highly recommend the chop salad with cold chicken!!"  not ALL areas of the patio are dog friendly according to our host. So we had to sit away from the bulk of table and couldn't sit under the heaters (which also apparently couldn't be moved). It was 50* out and pretty chilly This is for Wally's American Pub/Grill over on Double Tree Ranch Road in Scottsdale - just off Scottsdale Road.  Very good food and a delightfully designed restaurant.  Excellent for a casual meal or for bringing business clients. The food is first-rate! Maybe this was an off day or perhaps I  ust ordered the wrong thing.  I might go back if I were in the area again - if only for the patio experience and I'm not particularly hungry." "An Irish pub on St. Paddy's day must be done!  I came here on Paddy's day for a few beers and lunch.  This is a place I could see myself frequenting once a week.  It has a down to earth vibe to it even though its in Arcadia.  I had the Shepherds pie for lunch.  I wasn't a fan of it It's a little tucked away  the food is really good and very fair priced. The wine was also priced really well and a bonus at half off.  Our server was prompt "service is always fantastic.  food is consistently amazing.  i have enjoyed this place for years.  I highly recommend any burger they make  unique. I saw MANY things that I would eat here when cheating :) Definitely not a healthy food place although they did have salads and veggie burgers. Very loud inside Food is great and the service is spot on. I would highly recommend this place. One of the best spots in the valley--compared to any other." The staff is so wonderful. The food is the best in town.  I hope to see you there because I will be there many times."  frankly not one thing to talk about.  A $10 - $14 burgers and salad kind of joint.  My son ordered the halibut special. The bill for a plate with some rice "Wally's is an upscale pub with a price tag to match but the menu is carefully thought out Ask for the daily specials.  The ribs are great but get there before they run out."  a pub type atmosphere.  Food was way overpriced for pub food. $10 for a wedge salad and $12 for a burger.  Service was mediocre  and haven't been disappointed yet.  Even the kids' mac'n'cheese is to die for!!  My favorite is the chinese chicken salad.  Good variety on the menu with consistent quality of food." To5CjntVFawXM_hpAhvVdQ "I've lived close to Wally's for a few years and have never been there until tonight. Shaun was the most amazing waiter and we  but I haven't been around the area too long yet."  the food is tasty and the prices are reasonable. What more can you ask for? We came here for dinner and sat at the bar but will definitely take advantage of their spacious outdoor patio next time. I ordered the veggie burger with a honey glaze coat which was amazing! My husband got the French dip and I stole a delicious bite. I want to order that next time. The sides were the best because they provide a mix of regular fries Prime Rib is always on point!"  I could see they had a great customer service protocol as we had our drinks within 2 minutes.  I followed suit with the others and ordered their wings ""Wally Style"" and onion rings.  Usually with appetizers This is a great spot if you're popping in to AJ's. Loved it!" Tried this place based on a recommendation and I was happy I did.  Wally seated us and he was really friendly along with all of the other staff.  They have great happy hour deals including delicious burgers!  Their mac n cheese was also really good.  We will definitely be repeat customers.  my friend was using their hot sauce to spice up her chip and the bartender came over and started twisting the lid back on without asking if she was done and my friend had to stop her from taking it away. She clearly has issues with letting people finish their meal. When it came to the bill she had to ask us how many drinks we had because she wasn't keeping track... It seriously was not a lot of drinks to keep track of either. I think this place would be OK if it wasn't for this bartender. I did order a salad on a separate occasion (when I warned her about the hot dip) and that proved to be disappointing as well  because the poor service I've received from Shannon on numerous occasions for take-out would have deterred me from coming back a long time ago."  you'd think the service would be reasonable. The only other time I saw the bartender was when my glass was empty. I ordered another thinking she'd offer me a menu at least...never happened!! So I paid requested my bill and went somewhere else to eat. Btw Their staff is chalk full of hotties." Got the bacon burger. It was so delicious. The cheddar was so good on this. I was really surprised by how much I liked the mixed fries as well. The sweet potato mixed with normal one was a nice twist. Will go again.  they treat you as if you've been coming here for years. They have great sangria and lots of decent beer on tap to go with their delicious food. My favorite dish so far has been the Prime Rib dip Got the gyuere and slab bacon s'mac. It was AMAZBALLS. There are about a dozen other things I want to try but so far so good. I can't wait to try something else. Awesome everyone!!! I'll be back tomorrow night!!!" I love the food and atmosphere at Wallys - the Chicken Vesuvius is sooooo good. Wally`s is my number one go to place in Phoenix to eat and bring people to when they are visiting. I go to Phoenix a few times a month and I frequently find myself eating here.  Their Gruyere and slab bacon s` mac is to die for. Probably my favorite Mac and cheese ever. And I eat a lot of Mac and cheese. Super good atmosphere for a date and they have great service. They were awesome to us last night and they were busy.  It was Valentine's and we still got timely and great service. Love Wallys! We hardly noticed the 3 pregnant women with the 3 toddlers running all over :).  Can't begrudge them for wanting good food!"  but don't order the pannini' s  the prices were fair (especially for amount of food) and outside sitting was perfect!  If ever in Phoenix again  great service and a team that is there to please. Arizona needs more of these establishments. Stay away from the chasins - make these local places florish!" "Chose this place at the last minute based on. Yelp reviews. It did not disappoint. The restaurant is similar to a sports bar theme but you can sit either inside or out. We arrived a little late  excellent menu... it is one of my favorite places to meet folks for dinner!" They make a hellova Cuban! You won't be sad you ordered it! Service is good and fast enough for lunch on a work day.  enjoyed the company of the great bartenders. The ruben sandwich was delicious and so were the wings." I read about Wally's in the Arcadia Times and thought I'd spend some money there (I support local business). I'm so glad Liz was our server - she wore a 'great' smile  local crowd was in this casual bar/restaurant.  We sat at the bar to watch preseason football and enjoy a beer.  The bartender was busy and not very engaging  outdoor seating available." "Group of 6 popped in on a busy Friday night at 7:00.... Never been here before. Greeted like we were old friend and we were told a table could be found in a few minutes. We complicated it by asking for a table with a view of the TV for the baseball game viewers in the group. Wow... Seated within 4 minutes and lovely server who knew the menu well took great care of us. Highlights.... Everyone loved what they got... Onion soup  and a great location. You can't go wrong with Wally's." You can't beat this place for food  was helpful and funny. I would put the 1/2 pound burger in the best of Phoenix class. The asiago bun makes it flavorful and they cook it to the right temp. Mac and cheese variants are delectable. If the second visit is as good  but was very happy with the meal also loved the atmosphere. Although our waitress was visibly irritated with the kitchen timer. Kind of a downer. But great place!" This is a great place in a wonderful neighborhood to kick back in a casual atmosphere for those days you don't want to get all dolled up to go out for a nice meal :)" One of my favorite places to dine in the valley - everything is YUMMY /prices are reasonable / nice variety of items on happy hour menu/ outside dining/ great service  owner is an Ernest Hemingway look alike and I am a fan. I was star struck." Awesome food and service. Don't pass this place up if your in the area. You will regret it. Definitely recommend and make sure you ask for Nico!"  we decided to come here for lunch on a beautiful April afternoon. Our server was fast and friendly. Ordered the local red ale and it was cold and tasty.  My hubs got the smacs with Gruyere and bacon. He devoured it!  I got the grilled artichokes! Loved them!  The blackened chicken and Brie sandwich with mixed fries. It was delicious and ample. Please try this restaurant and sit outside if it's pretty! We had a memorable experience here." Great place. Feels like home cooked meals. Meat loaf is my favorite dish but I have a feeling everything is pretty darn good. "We have driven past this place a million times and hadn't thought to go in until one day we just took the plunge. Its in a great spot and they even have room for a cute little patio. Although I wanted to be bad and get every fried item on the menu Just spent $25 for cold wings and two beers. If I wanted leftovers I would have stayed home for free! Holy smacks!  The mac n chz dishes they have are off the hook. Everything an Irish pub should be. Will definitely be back.  its a big ol' serving!  This could easily be split between three people.  The gorgonzola is so rich and the huge servings of bacon is just insane by any carnivores standards.  Next time we visit Scottsdale we will be back!"  I cannot believe there isn't a line to get in." "Always have great service at Wally's and really enjoy the options they have on their menu.  It is usually fairly busy but never had to wait long. They have daily specials and I have often seen the owner Second visit was just as good as the first. Had the bangers and mashed this time. Great sausage and a large portion. Bring your appetite.  originally intending on staying for just one. I really enjoyed the staff (super attentive)  the hostess as it turns out noticed and apologized profusely.  We ordered the grilled artichoke appetizer and it was AH-MAZING!! When we received our appetizer and drinks and the gal told us the appetizer was on the house and again appologized for the delay in not getting to us sooner.  I don't have a problem with people making mistakes  and they serve it with a side of horseradish aioli. Yum! Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their dinner. And the service is fabulous Cute pub and Atmosphere but slow service. My friends and I went in at lunchtime on a Saturday and it took about 30 minutes before our order for appitizers was taken and it took our entrees 20 minutes to come out after our order was placed placed. The restaurant was only a fourth of the way full so I'm not sure what was taking so long. I'll have to give this place another try another day. Maybe today was just not a great day for them.  this is the third PR I've had this year at good restaurants that seemed to lack flavor so could be I'm used to the family recipe which might be overly seasoned.  For $25 with salad and desert I would not hesitate to recommend this special; service was good for a bar / restaurant settings and the blue cheese salad dressing was excellent.  My friend devoured his steak so my less then 5 stars is a personal rating  and shrimp cocktail were great. My only complaint is that the service was a little slower than I would have liked  at a time when it wasn't very busy. Would definitely give it another try!" Grassroots Kitchen is also pretty legit and I believe Wally's son runs it.  It's near 20th Street and Camelback and worth checking out as well."  it's the only thing I've tried there so far but I am going to be back for more!"  but took time to ask where I was from and to explain the menu with suggestions.  I decided on a cold beer while I mulled it over.  Then a guy walks in and sits down right beside me and starts chatting away.  He seemed like a regular here and a pretty cool guy.  I talked a little with him and asked him for his menu suggestions and come to find out  French Onion soup! The food is solid!   The pineapple infusion and sangria are freaking amazing!  My only issue is the limited amount of low tables.  When I go here with my parents it's not comfortable for them to be up high. There are only a few low tables inside and if it's busy you are out of luck.   Oh and Wally has some good wine!  Nice to see that at a bar."  I really loved this spot and can't wait to try it out again. Arcadia lacks this sort of casual bar/restaurant and though my fiance and I were probably the youngest in there (we sat next to a party of 8 who were 60+) "Why have I never been here before?! This cute little spot is hidden off of 44th Street & Camelback. We walked around & into the courtyard where we were greeted with a warm smile from the host. We decided to sit out on their patio to enjoy Phoenix's lovely weather (the inside was just as charming). Our waitress Julie told us the specials and provides excellent service. I ordered the Cuban which was delicious and instead of fries I subbed a fresh fruit cup for $1 more. The cup had pears  the services was 4 star.and the prices were right where they should be. The rueben was the best REUBEN my wife has everr had  we had trouble finding it because of the glare of the setting sun. I called and immediately apologized for having to ask for directions but could he help. ""You're challenged "Went for Father's Day and always like the food. Nice family friendly. Very relaxed environment. Love their spicy Louisiana Pasta  (more than half way across plate and being separated large enough for a finger nail to be snagged) but still detectable by feel. Needless to say this ruined the meal experience completely. This servers Fairly expensive place for what it is. I think it's prob a good place for middle aged ppl to go out and have beer. Not really my style but food and beers were decent. Very romantic.  The restaurant is at the very top of a butte with a stellar view of the city.  The city lights look like a blanket of stars from this vantage point at night.  White glove service.  Continental cuisine.  The food is good  so much better.  And the selection is very limited.  But if you are trying to impress a date  the price was not justified.  If you are going to charge starting price of $40 an entree  if they can deign paying attention to the service they provide...." But hey...if the view and ambiance are what you're after "We were staying at the resort for a July 4th ""staycation.""  We decided to splurge and have dinner here the night of the 4th. What a great decision!  The food was excellent  we look forward to it each time we trek to Arizona. If you are looking for an upscale and unique dinner experience/ dinner with a great view  but not nearly as good as enjoying a cigar and some drinks on the patio prior to and after dinner inside. This would be a perfect place to take a date and have a nice glass of wine while taking in the view of the ever sprawling Phoenix area." I would love to try this place again since the food and view were great.  I would just hope that my service next time would be better."  and the presentation was phenomenal. Definitely have to make a reservation here.  Our bill came out to be about 230  what a beautiful place.  The drive up was incredible and the view was just amazing.  The service/food/drinks were great the entire night and what a wonderful night sitting out by the fireplace looking out over the city.  Great place for a Party and I can't wait to go back for a nice little romantic dinner for two.  Maybe I'll be back with 5 stars?"  the food is almost always wonderful... the inconsistancy is the service.  It is a great place to bring friends from out of town  you will find a lot of the time that the vegetarian dishes are usually a LOT better...in this case ps the bar a level lower is also great. Dance floor and outside patio with view. GREAT!!!"  especially when you assume that you may be just ""paying for the view"".  Not true at all.  The food at Different Pointe of View can stand up to the creativity and quality of any other high end restaurant in town.  I had the Port Cabernet Braised Kobe Short Rib: Fresh Sweet Corn Polenta  or even Fleming's or the Keg. The creme brulee was nice though nothing outstanding and the chocolate amandine had a flat pre-packaged taste- after a few bites we left the remainder. There are too many other great restaurants in Phoenix with fantastic views and ambience to waste this type of money on poor service and mediocre food."  save your money for someplace like BLT or Rancho Pinot." We will definitely come back and are happy that we found a 5 star restaurant in our neighborhood."  was.. it's been a while since i was here last). the chicken dishes are kind of boring and my mom's had stomach upsets a few times I've eaten ion fine dining establishments all over the globe for over 30 years and this one is in my personal top 5. Not cheap or even reasonable by anyone's standards but this one backs up the tab in spades! A tad on the high end but what a view!!!! Food was wonderful and the staff was friendly. Well worth the extra money  and you better bet you'll see me outside any time someone comes to visit!"  didn't care for the sauce and wished he had ordered the halibut too.  The dessert menu was very odd  but not until I've exhausted the list of other 4 diamond (AAA  rating) restaurants in the city."  but more of a place to go and get drinks with good friends.  The food has ranged from excellent to good.  I had possibly the best lemon drop martini of my life here.  The seafood dishes are excellent.  I also ordered a brussel sprout salad which was amazing.  The steak was ok.  I've had better.  Would definitely recommend this place for a quiet dinner with good friends.  Try to get a table that faces outward.  Its really all about the view."  pork belly tasty.  Service a little distracted.  Romantic?...could be but large groups increase the noise level consiserably.  View? Fantastic. Would highly recommend."  creme brle for me and some sort of chocolate flourless thing for my husband. Both were good Another great find from Yelp." Restaurant itself was very nice. View was very good next to the windows. The ribeye was only average but the chicken was very good. Creme brulee and the chocolate espresso desserts were excellent. My boyfriend and I went out on a thursday night for a last valentines day celebration at DPOV. Everything started off nice and were really enjoying the view and each other... The place started getting busier and our team of servers began stopping by less and less... By the time we had gotten our entrees they were pretty much nonexistent. Our food was just above Luke warm and our wine was empty.... After about 30 mins of waiting for some one to come over one of our servers came by to clear our plates. He didn't ask how our food was and didn't offer any dessert menus. We aren't really the complaining type but considering the price of the food my boyfriend got up to discuss our issues with the manager whom removed the entrees. This place really needs to improve their customer service skills. We decided to go to one of our favorite places for dessert. The  Rokerij. We won't return or recommend this place.  good food! Host started the evening off rocky but rest of staff was excellent. We've eaten here a couple times and although the food is always good  or a friend/relative you want to treat to a 5 star dinner you can't go wrong here! The food is very unique and delicious. This restaurant has one of the best wine cellars in town and the right people to lead you in the right direction for a good pairing. Oh and I can't forget to mention the ridiculously amazing view from the cliff top overlooking the Phoenix valley! This place is truly a Phoenix gem." Happy Valentine's Day!!! Make it special..."  service and view. Not to be missed." "THE BEST lobster bisque...everything else is just ok.  Oh yeah  and I liked the tiered outdoor seating areas.  The bartenders had a great sense of humor and everyone had a nice time.  The other staff were friendly as well."  and the creme brule for dessert.  I sampled their lobster bisque and I wish I had gotten that instead of the duck ravioli.  My filet minon was cooked well done because I am currently pregnant and it was still surprisingly tender.  The creme brule was delightful as well." Great food. The service could have been slightly better. I don't see why my drink should ever run dry when it's just a Coke. Best view of PHX in town. I would never go to Capital Grill or Ruth's Chris if I could get a reservation here. nfdr8ugyW7hWxpbQjw65Ag  so not worth complaining if you don't get a window seat." I can't wait to go back when it's a little cooler to sit outside...Don't miss this wonderful casual affordable piece of Heaven!"  say that the view was amazing and it's not as though the people were't kind because they were. But for the $ 'Dissapointing Pointe of View'"  we'll go for the flourless chocolate instead.  Wonderful evening... this is a great place for a special night out or to impress visiting family and friends... We're planning to return more often to the Terrace Room for a lower-key evening with a view..."  better than we expected as many of these types of places rely more on their setting than quality. The staff was exceptional Took someone here for their birthday and requested a patio seat 3 weeks in advance but was not accommodated whateves...great views though of phx...as for the food when we arrived we were given a shooter which was very good..for dinner we had the fillet and the chicken with a side of shrimp.everything was super tasty!!!!!i have been to my fair share of fine dining restaurants and usually the service is top notch waiter was below average but would defiantly go back here..  it is really great food and worth every penny!! The view is phenomenal; the city looks serene and calm from high above!" I give very few 5 star reviews however I must say that this place is without doubt the most deserving.  The food is simply amazing as is their outstanding wine list and best views in the valley.  This place will satisfy the most demanding critic.  After a delightful dinner the wife and I spent several hours dancing in the lounge to live music classy music.  This place makes you feel like everyday is a honeymoon.  If you are looking for a place to impress anyone this is it.  Great Job Hilton.  and you can even eat outside when the weather is warm enough.  Just make sure you call in a reservation well in advance to make sure you get a good window table." Yes at A Different Pointe of View Restaurant all of the above can certainly be enjoyed however it's true value is the VIEW of the Valley of the Sun.....it is unmatched. The manager said if we could find a better view in Arizona....please let him know....well I don't know about the Entire state of Arizona....but as for the Valley maybe the view from the Wrigley mansion would come close.....but it can't touch the AWESOME VIEWS you can witness at A Different Pointe of View. Don't take my word for it....just try it for yourself and I think you will see things from a Different Pointe of View as well. Eat Amazing view and atmosphere and the lobster bisque was out of this world.  So rich and creamy. The salad with the strawberries was very fresh and flavorful.  I would highly recommend!  one of the best fine dining options in The Valley. Just review the menu carefully and listen to your server....you don't want to be out-ordered!" it was our first time here and we were thoroughly impressed!"  we suddenly felt massively full. We had a hard time eating the rest of our meal and had to bring most of it home. We both had that sick-full feeling throughout the rest of the night. Maybe it was just us I'd like to bring a date here sometime."  or to bring your out of town guests for drinks and for the view." The service was outstanding and of course the view is worth every penny.  Want to impress or wow a date  but the lounge food was good.  They also serve marshmallows that you can roast in one of the fire pits around.  The view is beautiful  but it's well worth it and you won't leave disappointed. If you like American or French food (who doesn't?) and have a special occasion or just feel like doing something different "The most amazing experience ! Chef Anthony's passion comes through with every bite... Ian's service was impeccable. He was a step ahead  we walked out onto the patio and down to the bar section to take some pictures with the city in the background.  The weather was amazing and we were so lucky to have the cityscape as our backdrop.  Dinner was a little pricey but I was glad we could share a fancy dinner on a special occasion."  service off charts and food was as exotic as i have seen i would come back over and over again if i could afford it definatey a special occasion place!!" 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ  and the outside dinning sealed off for another corp event. They didn't let us know ( we had reservations) until we arrived. This was extremely disappointing. All they offered were a bunch of "" I'm sorries"". Very disappointing." "The views from this restaurant are amazing.  We were very pleased with everything from the wine list to the dark chocolate for desert.  The menu is nice the food presentation and qualtiy ""the best""."  I 100% recommend you stop in and have dinner and drinks at Different Pointe of View. It has been one of my favorite Phoenix restaurants for many years. It's a perfect place for locals and out of town visitors alike. My only recommendations for improvements would be to add a server or two to the outside patio bar area since it tends to be slow on busy evenings. Also  I would also dine out on their patio by the fire pit." We are going to give it one more try and I sincerely hope this was a one-time problem."  about what you'd expect for the price (but that's not why you're here). You're here because those twinkling lights of Phoenix spread out before you both  will whisper sweet nothings to her like nothing YOU could ever think of. Nothing more romantic. So yo  and then never returned to our table until the meal was over.  We had a steak which was significantly undercooked (purple as opposed to medium rare)  the salad was tiny with wilted lettuce and the mussels(surprisingly) were good. By the time we saw our waitress again we were finished with our meal. I asked her about the Kobe sliders and commented that they are always prepared well done and she quickly brushed off my comment and walked off.So much for the customer is always right. Needless to say my husband and I were very disappointed to spend a hefty amount of money for so-so food and terrible service. Needless to say we will not go to Different Pointe of View again and will NOT recommend it to our family and friends." "We were in the lounge on Friday. What a beautiful room and patio. Service was not impressive at all. Our server paid very little attention to us and lacked any kind of professionalism or personality. While we were all chatting and visiting with an out of town guest she came over Everything was AMAZING and it's definitely one of my favorite restaurants in DC!"  and slices of duck all around with a raspberry citrus sauce that was absolutely incredible - i ordered it on recommendation of our favorite server - Ian- i was a bit nervous because i don't like duck...BUT Highly recommend if you're bringing a newbie to Phoenix or if you'd like a romantic night out."  and great food.  I like to ""wow"" my family from out of town on what a great place the Phoenix/Scottsdale areas are.  This is one of the true bright spots.  I will be coming back again and hopefully for the bar/lounge scene." dptMPpMR2gC2vxxrH57b4w "Nice patio up in the mountains with a view of the Scottsdale area.  Several fire pits for you to sit around and relax.  Choice of Dinner inside/out.  I was there on a company function and there was a set dinner menu.  The food was respectable I was kind of disappointed because the place had such great ratings.  The view was nice and the drive up was exciting.  But the dinner was anticlimatic that climaxed at the bisque." Five stars for impeccable service by Tim Robbins I suggest arriving a little before the dinner reservation to enjoy drinks on the patio while watching the sunset...always a treat! Call ahead of time to find out whether the patio will be open - it has happened to me twice that it was reserved for private functions. (Which was totally my bad - but maybe someone else can benefit from it.)" "My boyfriend took me here on my birthday and it was AMAZING! I cant even remember what we ordered but everything we got was absolutely DELICIOUS!!!! our waiter was great. So friendly and engaging. His recommendations were fantastic. The view was spectacular. We went at night  and a true professional he was.  Sometime you have an experience that you know will be burned in your memory for a long time... this was one of them.  Thank you Luis and DPOV for making our anniversary such a great one." I simply cannot review this place because it's too amazing. This confirms my opinion that restaurants that claim to have a great view rarely have good food but are always overpriced.  This one is also old and run down. Verdict:  I'd love to bring the wife here in the future for a meal and view!  Hoping to come back soon!"  and the meal was divine. I have a gluten allergy and they could not have been more helpful It was such a fantastic experience from start to finish I really think this is one of those places every Phoenician must go at least once. Great food  a wonderful evening with my Love and an excellent dining experience."  it's been a special occasion and the staff has always done something personalized for us to make the night special. We got to meet Chef Anthony and he even made a special surprise appetizer for us a few times. I brought my wife here for our first date I am so thankful to Catlyn and the staff at Different Pointe of View who played a part in my little surprise.  Thank you for helping me bring joy to two special ladies.  The way the evening went made me feel like they were just as important to the staff as they are to me.  Next time I am in Phoenix I will be stopping by to say hello and enjoy the food for myself sweet view and great food and good wine  but there might be an event that makes it harder to get a table (as we discovered). There's a lounge downstairs that also has the beautiful view that serves appetizers."  I expect a little better service when dropping a couple of hundred bucks. Other than the view and the ambiance- I wouldn't recommend this restaurant."  I dined here with a party of seven on a very special occasion for me.  I have been taking ""out of town guests""  here for many years.  Our server for the evening was Ian and he performed in an exemplary manner as expected.  Unknown to me Probably not a place I'd go back to but those who like gourmet with fantastic views will enjoy it here." The service is very old-fashioned and very doting but the menu needs a re-think.  Times have changed but this place is stuck in the 90's.  bottom line "One of the best views ever. We sampled a few of the cocktails and the lounge food. The scallops were amazing. We tried two of the salads  and will definitely come back for another special occasion dinner."  especially if you get to have dinner on the patio. The service and food were very good. Go early to the bar before dinner so you can see the sunset behind the mountains... Breathtaking! Dinner for two with a bottle of wine  we went to the Terrace for drinks/apps which is just one floor below and has the same identical App menu. We sat on the patio there & had a great time. We went upstairs for our dinner at 0730. I had the salad with blood orange vinagraitte which was delicious and then I had the filet and my friend had the hanger steak. My steak was delicious. It came with something weird on the side that I didn't care for  especially if you are staying at the resort and have budgeted for an expensive night out.  I would (That's not the double Maker's on the rocks talking!)" 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ I'm not sure why I'm not giving it 5 stars but it certainly deserves the 4 I'm giving it.  Probably because of the price  the clams are huge!! It's a nice place to take love one to see the sunset while enjoying dinner up on the mountain."  and it was perfect! The coffee crusted pork tenderloin and the veal osso bucco were both delicious. The apples on the rocks and the brownie desserts were great finishers to a perfect meal. We were staying at the adjacent Hilton hotel Would definitely recommend this place for someone looking for a romantic dinner spot in the Phoenix area." Our wait staff was professional and efficient. No  and a goat cheese dip so that was also fantastic. My only complaint was that the entrees were a little hum drum. I had the hangar steak and my friend had the pork and both were just lacking in overall flavor and both were a little on the dry side (and I ordered mine medium so that's not really expected). Had it not been restaurant week This is a wonderful date night restaurant. My boyfriend and I both agreed if we ever find ourselves in Phoenix again  I had the chocolate espresso cup for dessert which had homemade espresso ice cream on a rich chocolate cake with marscapone cheese...wonderful. We enjoyed a great bottle of Chardonay that remained chilled during our dinner tableside. After dinner "I could not believe I have not been to this place before. I have lived in AZ most my life and can say I don't always give restaurants at a hotel a chance. I went during restaurant week and was able to sample a few of the restaurants best dishes. I was blow away! Not only was the food amazing I was a guest at the resort. My girlfriend and I decided to book reservations for this restaurant. We were told our reservations would be at 800pm but when we arrived at 745pm they were changed without warning. After waiting 45 mins the hostess  let us know our table was ready. Then after walking up to the 3rd floor we were told by someone else that it would be another couple minutes. I understand its an experience but waiting 1 hour for a table when you have reservations is absolutely unprofessional especially for a half empty restaurant. When we finally were about to be seated the hostess asked me to take off my hat. I looked around there were people in shorts and T-shirts and I can't wear a hat. Already upset by the poor first impression I walked out before I was seated. The staff I encountered were rude and arrogant. Terrible experience and I will never go back. We were both in heaven when we left and almost needed to be wheeled out since we were so full! I highly recommend them for your next evening out! So good!" The view for this place is nice and their food tasted not too bad but the price just doesn't justify what you get. They have some of the smallest portions I have ever seen for a pretty penny. The waiter I had was a bit of a prick and I was forced to pay him basically a 40% tip. I dined in a party of 6 and they add a service charge on top of a 20% gratuity for parties of 6 or more. It's ridiculous and so not worth going to. I'm from LA so seeing overly priced food with so so service doesn't get high marks from me. I won't be coming back. You're really just paying for the view. I am so disappointed with this place. "I have been to Different Pointe of View with my family for Easter years ago.  Last night was my first time back to the restaurant and could not have been more disappointed.  In walking into the restaurant you are greeted by a very musty  ""You can't come to the Pointe and miss out on the creme brulee."" He was SO right. I hate dessert and it made me never want to say no to a dessert again. One thing to remember is to prepare for a long service. Food like this is worth it. My one complaint: the clam broth was underseasoned. Seems like small potatoes to me."  we realized this is a place we can't justify coming back to It was fun to try something new  I had the chef special which was giant scallops and prawns on bamboo risotto. The scallops and prawns were perfectly cooked and seasoned  you will have a stellar view over downtown Phoenix.  The wine steward was very helpful in helping us choose a wine that paired well with our meals.  We tried the spare rib ravioli for our appetizer.  The ravioli was good and the corn relish that accompanied the ravioli was sweet and creamy.  I had the filet and my husband had the pork.  My filet was cooked to temperature and the horseradish sauce and white bean puree that accompanied the dish were delightful.  Every bite melted in my mouth.  My husband's dish was also splendid and cooked to perfection.  We had the ""turtle"" dessert that was on the sweet side Summary - This is a great place for a date night. It's romantic  the restaurant allows you to go out to the patio and take photos or just take in the magnificent view" "Wow! what a lovely evening! Breathtaking views of the Valley coupled with innovative cuisine beautifully prepared and presented. Went with the recommendation of the waiter and ordered the pork belly appetizer. Although it wouldn't have been something I would have chosen We come back every year to celebrate our wedding anniversary. The view is incredible and the food and service are just as good. Bill was a great host like always and we look forward to our next trip. I had the Filet and my wife had the hanger steak - I would recommend both entrees. Don't miss out on a drink and view at the Terrace Room!"  my desert of choice was chocolate  turtle. Service was excellent and people friendly. Great place for a romantic dinner and afterwards you can enjoy the outside terrace one floor down with their beautiful firepit and warm comfortable seating. Their you can enjoy the stars as well as the city lights and snuggle next to your loved one while enjoying your favorite drink. Good place to get back on track if you lost your way. WORTH IT" I am a fan and I will go again!" 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ "First time to Phoenix and couple in plane seats next to us recommended we check out DPOV. So we made 5pm reservations on Sat night. We were blown away. Top shelf wine  I would go back in a heartbeat for the view alone! We sat outside both nights (October) and were blown away by the breath-taking view of the city. So romantic. You have to try this place!!!"  it was well worth coming here.  We'd definitely come here again in the future if the occasion arises!" I have been to many great restaurants and this meal ranked in the top 20 of all-time. We had the tasting menu and I highly recommend it. Great restaurant with a fantastic view1  it was great. Take your loved one to this restaurant for great food and the experience. Definitely one of a kind in Arizona." Great food... great view. Very apt for special occasions. My hubby took me there for my birthday and made it very special. A must visit.  and our waiter and sommelier truly acted as if they were happy to be serving us. We were tended to often "Hostess rudely cut us off on the stairs. Waiter talked over us. Mentioned food allergy yet had food served that we are highly allergic to (but I fortunately noticed before it was consumed). Under par for what you pay for and would expect from the Hilton. On the bright side "This was a treat a fiesta in my mouth with delicious. ""All shit was good"" it was good from start to end. Would love to come here again and try the chief specials. Very nice chief The food and service were excellent. The view and atmosphere are incredible. A must see if you are in the area. Perfect spot for a romantic night."  the food is even better worth dying and coming back for. The lobster was so tender and flavorful along with the filet mignon. The service ""Ian"" was truly amazing  but worth it! The food was prepared and deilvery to perfection. The Lamb Loin was tender. Superb Lobster Bisque We came with a party of seven and we got a table with a gorgeous view. We had our appetizers and while we were waiting for our entrees our server recommended that we go outside and look at the view.. I didn't know that was a cue and my fianc proposed here! I couldn't be happier! It was a beautiful view  and probably one of the most romantic restaurants I have ever been to. We ate very late and the servers were so sweet and not rushing us at all. Short ribs appetizer was particularly memorable. Definitely recommend for a special occasion or just an unforgettable dinner!"   what a great place to relax and sip on some wonderfully prepared cocktails with your significant other.  The food is always something special Oh and P.S.- we're going back tonight for a wedding. Muahahahahaha. Round 2 suckaaaaz!"  and can't believe I didn't review it.  Have been talking about it ever since and have sent several people here-all said the same things about it.  Great food "This place gets a 5 star in a heart beat. Absolutely romantic restaurant at the very top of a mountain in Phoneix. It gives you a breathtaking view of the city. Beautifully decorated patio area  all around - and everything was prepared / showed well and tasted great. Prices are on the higher side but the overall experience is worth it." Horrible experience for such a special occasion."  as we savored the special meal and continued to enjoy the beautiful evening. Different Pointe of View is a gem!"  great views. Clearly I have run out of things to say." Called to make a reservation. The girl put me on hold for 15 minutes and forgot about me. I hang up and call back. She checks and nothing available that day. Thanks for wasting my time on hold. If service is like this girl on the phone I will pass on this restaurant!  unhelpful and uninformed. We flew in from Detroit and made reservations over a week in advance to ensure a memorable evening. It was memorable  great view and good food. The customer service is top notch too." So I guess that is how they make a little extra."  presentation and the view.  My wife and I came here to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  We enjoyed their gourmet  duck dish and a fabulous creme brle  for dessert.  Service was impeccable!"  which was perfect because we got to watch the whole city transform from day to night from up above.  As expected  food below average for what i expect & service was poor."  the high expectations of good food due to such beautiful view did not work for us Decent service. Overpriced drinks- Minty mountain spice and seasonal buck are very good. Kobe sliders were cool like they sat out not very appetizing but the fries were fantastic. View well worth a visit for just a drink or apps. We will likely be back soon!" Romantic atmosphere with a gorgeous view.  I highly recommend the Chef Menu with the wine pairing. My husband and I have gone there for our anniversary twice now and it exceeded our expectations on both occasions. The wait staff are top notch and enjoy discussing each course and wine pairing. If you truly enjoy fine dining you will love this restaurant! "I took my girlfriend here about a year ago when I first asked her to be my girlfriend.  At the time the food was amazing and the view was about as good as it gets.  The price I remember was pretty reasonable.  Honestly "You can't beat this place for the views.  Beautiful location and the city lights make it enjoyable.  The food was very well prepared and delicious.  Service was slow and had to track down our waiter to get the check.  Waited too long... Overall  great experience and we'll definitely come again."  it was unbelievably delicious. CHEF ANTHONY stopped by at the table and his personality was uplifting just like the food. Zee the manager that night was very hospitable. My friends and I had one of the best dining experiences of our lives.  We will definitely come back and tell all our friends. I saved the best for last. You can see the whole Phoenix Skyline. The views are breath taking. Wall to wall windows surround the restaurant on top of a mountain. At night  great experience and we will come again."  we went outside to look at the city lights. It made me BREATHLESS! I fell in love with the scenery. This is definitely a night I will never forget :) Beautiful sightings and wonderful delicious food. What more can you ask? :D"  and we received it. The food was visually stunning and quite tasty. It was a bit expensive. If you are going to have a drink and some wine with dinner The August issue of Wine Spectator is out and Different Pointe of View was awarded a Best of Award of Excellence.  Congrats!  service and views in all of AZ.  The view alone from the restaurant is enough to trump most establishments here in the Valley.  If you are looking to take your significant other on an anniversary  but we were stuffed!  So we moved outside and just enjoyed the view with our cocktails for a little while.  I can't wait to go back!"  but the real star is the view - best spot for date night in the valley." Different Pointe of View will always hold a special place in my heart."  as if I was sucking that gooey stuff straight from the lobster's head Possibly a slightly off night." Great place to dine!  Amazing views and really good food :)  and brought us two appetizers instead and after we explained the error he still charged us. The experience and food was great but I think the servers could be friendlier. At the end of the meal we wanted to get a picture so we went to the floor below the restaurant to take a picture and the two servers acted like it was such a kink in their schedule to take one picture of us. All in all the food  French fries.... So hard to pick knowing that the view is gorgeous." Have a special dinner coming up?  Try Different Pointe of View Had a great time. The view was fantastic. 5 course meal was awesome. Can't wait to come back. Top notch! I could sit on the patio all day before the Mosquitos starting attacking lol"  and service. The Hanger Steak was cooked to perfection and the risotto was a great addition. I tried my wife's pork tenderloin and it was just as good as the steak. We ended up eating off each other's plates. We were not disappointed and would come back. (They did lose our reservation  very serene--not cheap as my martini was like $13 or so--but so worth it just for the view and sitting pleasure." We are vacationing here from Miami. Needless to say we know good food. This restaurant was impeccable. From the amazing food to the super friendly service...5 stars all the way!! Beautiful views this is a great place to enjoy dinner with someone special or even a group of people.  Also a great place to just go have drinks at. The views are breathtaking.  ordered the five-course chef tasting with wine pairing. View was amazing. Service was perfect We decided to do the brunch on Thanksgiving Day. Turned out to be a great choice. We had a table with a great view of the valley. The food was superb. Best prime rib at a buffet I've ever had. Great shrimp and snow crab claws. Service was excellent. Definitely recommend DPOV for special events.  and I love fish. Our server noticed we weren't really eating it and ask us what was wrong. We told him and they actually gave the meals for free. Love that kind of service. I usually don't send food back or complain It is pricy. What restaurant with outstanding view Especially by Louis. Worthy place to enjoy your anniversary. Scenic view of the Phoenix city...!!" "One of the best dinning experiences of my life.  My wife and I recently went to celebrate of 4th wedding anniversary.  We were greeted so warmly when we checked in with the hostess and it seemed every one on the staff was aware of our special day.  Our waiter was very attentive  the view was magnificent. What more can you say  I always have next year!" "We came here to celebrate my dad's birthday.  I planned the seating time to coincide with sunset and that was GLORIOUS.  With all the vivid colors of the sun setting and seeing the city come to life  there is nothing wrong with the food here but we didn't walk away thinking that we had experienced a supremely talented chef." It is an up-scale fine dining restaurant with breathtaking views of the city. The service is timely and professional. The food was remarkable  but i'm assuming they're charging for the ""experience"". I got the Chicken and risotto. Babe got the scallops & said they were good. We both tried the lobster bisque and it was extremely rich I won't go back.  I would have had a better meal at many other restaurants I can think of.  The view and service are nice to haves - but the food is paramount - and for what you're charging  & Different Pointe of View.  Different Pointe of View would come in second to Tomasos.. but just because I am italian and love pasta :-)   If I am to be in PHX again  with wine's from Italy's Tedeschi Wines. Reservations can be made by calling (602) 866-6350."  I didn't know the restaurant had only one banana for all the deserts that evening at least that is what it felt like I got about a 1/4 cup of something that resembled chocolate and had heavy cream in it with 2 small slices of bananas on top it was a joke and they charged $10.00 for that. My husbands was just as small and lacked any flavor other than Chocolate  along with great service!  If the food were just a bit more exceptional  and I just don't get it.  How anyone could leave hungry after a starter and entre is truly beyond me.  I also don't get the reviewers who complained about the prices.  Yes  no one from the service staff offered to politely  refill our wine glasses something that we noticed at several tables- next the main course was brought out again to me first  Richard W all were outstanding. I would have rated it 4 or 5 stars but several of our courses (Appetizer and entrees) were way too salty. I do not know what it is about chefs these days but they need to learn that less is more. Food would have been great with MUCH less salt. Not sure I would return. Just not healthy or tasty."  that's the reason I decide to go there on our anniversary 2/5" The risotto is absolutely amazing!"  amazing service from Lenny and delectable food. A great way to celebrate my fiancees birthday. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone."  we ordered the ravioli and arugula salad and for the entrees I ordered the shrimp and with black rice and my boyfriend ordered the sea bass. We both cleared our plates. My shrimp was season and cooked perfectly and his fish was very fresh tasting. For dessert we ordered the creme brle and we were fighting over it! It was that good! Since it was my birthday they brought out a rich chocolate cake and that was delicious as well. All in all I enjoyed my visit. I will definitely come back before my next birthday! Will recommend."  the arugula apple was better than the endive (too salty - I am all for bacon but it could have been incorporated more tactfully).  Her scallop entree was very good.  My sea bass was just not flavorful.  Cooked correctly 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ We went for drinks what a fun a beautiful atmosphere.  We very much enjoyed the ambiance it was very special.  I wish they would open for lunch!  the food! I had the New York strip steak and it was AMAZING. The dessert is another story. I have never had a dessert like this. We had the 31 year old creme brle and let me just tell you...GET IT. Of course  perfectly cooked but I had so much going on my plate my taste buds were confused.  The sauce that came with the okra was extremely strong flavored as well as the olive tapenade on top of the scallops.  Bacon does not always go on everything.  I had to scrape all the topping off my scallops to actually taste them.  The dessert was ordinary and dry.  Loved the staff." This spot deff has the right name. And deff the view is just breathtaking. A perfect spot for a romantic special night...We got the lobster biscuit and sausage ravioli and hands down it was great. However the portion size are a little small in my opinion. The service was on point. And the view was amazing. Absolutely breath taking views with amazing food! Our waiter was great his name was Ian (he looked exactly like Billy Campbell). I would recommend doing a reservation between 6:30 and 7:00 that seemed to have been the perfect time. We ordered the bass and pork tenderloin and both were amazing. Also had the goat cheese potatoes as our side (Ian let us substitute) and a side order of the gnocchi (which I'm still drooling over). Then for dessert we had this amazing cinnamon pudding sponge cake with ice cream and it was delicious! I will definitely be back and would definitely recommend this restaurant! "Dinner and service was amazing! Had a great deal which was a 3 course meal for 44 dollars. I got lobster bisque which was to die for   ravioli and all top notch.  I had arugula salad with apples also good.  Wife had scallops for dinner and said best in recent memory.  And she is picky.  I had filet which was perfect.  Also best in recent memory.  Everyone raved on the dessert too. Reasonable prices I thought for location. Areas to sit outside on edge of mountain.  A must try." I can imagine this to be a great place for someone who wants to rest after a stressful day and watch the city lights from a place tucked away on a mountain - and doesn't mind spending minimum $65 per person.  Maybe it is a good idea to check if the pork 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ The food is amazing. The portions seem small to anyone not used to more up-scale dining  I expect a server to be kind and friendly. Our server was rude and not too pleasant. The food was great (servings very small though). Pricey! The view was excellent though. A great place to be around sunset. :)"  the lobster was fresh and you get that buttery fresh flavor very delicious. We didn't feel that the wonton/dumpling was complimenting the dish though  and great food BUT it had to be knocked down a star because while the food IS good... the prices are astronomical.  If you want to go for just the view- I suggest going to the lounge one level below and having cocktails and appetizers."  give them a lump of crap call it pt they won't know the difference how can you give this place 5 stars when all you wrote about was how bad this place was. Helllo  1 star = bad 5 star = good"  which makes you wonder if you're missing something that others have figured out..."  we walked out onto the patio and enjoyed the view of the lit up city. If you want a dining experience that will bring happiness to your stomach and enjoyment to your heart Food was delicious. The prefix menu was hard to beat in terms of price and had plenty of items to choose from. View was amazing. Our server Luis was very helpful and entertaining.  We will definitely be back for future special occasions.  but your server will let you know. Our daughter had the steak fillet with fries and omg it was really good too lol. The presentation was beautiful as well. Thank you for making my husband's 29th wonderful." Simply amazing. Breathtaking views. Excellent service. The food was incredible and best of all the now fianc said yes. Be prepared for the price but I guarantee you will not be disappointed. They even gave us free champaign and dessert. Will definitely be back for our 1 year anniversary. Four stars or four diamonds either way this place is amazing. I couldn't imagine a more enjoyable meal. We had the best service the best food. Great pairing of wines. I can't wait to come back.... lobster bisque must have Took my girlfriend there for her birthday and she totally loved it. The food was awesome and the service was on point. The view was worth every penny Amazing view you can see whole city specially if your there at night. Have to call and reserve a table outside they only have a couple available for outside seating. Food was small portions  but DELICIOUS!!!!  i recommend the monkish with the artchioke really good. Gentleman this is a panty dropper you take a woman here Have a cocktail one level below at the cocktail lounge and soak in the view.  Let the stress dissipate and enjoy the company you're with."  was not. We had an older gentleman with white hair as our server who nearly ruined the experience for us. As I stated before the online menu for restaurant week is not accurate...I had chosen DPOV because it claimed to be serving duck confit (best thing I've ever ate). This was not the case and when my husband went out on a limb just to make sure we couldn't order it our server said ""not if you want restaurant week!"" okaaaay....understandable but maybe approach it diferently (ie. 'unfortuantely it's not one of the featured items OR I could do that for an extra sur-charge'). We ordered our starters and entrees Went Saturday night for restaurant week menu.  Food was good and view great.  Unfortunately we had a waiter  that was so hyper he basically ruined the evening.  From the minute we sat down he was in our faces talking a mile a minute and rather condescending. Thanks to the busboy for filling water glasses and bringing bread-he was professional and polite. When we left I mentioned to the hostess the odd behavior of the waiter and she knew immediately who I was talking about.  They really need to reevaluate their personnel.  We dropped over $300 and expect a lot better experience.  best dish  would be duck confetti. Nice place to go on a date." 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ  service was just ok. We had reservations for 6 and didn't eat until 7 with no one in the restaurant. The experience was just average overall. One thing I did not like was when we checked out the server added 15% gratuity to our bill. We are usually 20% tippers even if the service is average so not sure why it was done for a party of 2. Would not go back." "Amazing view and the food was truly delicious. The service could have been stronger...it was not on par with the quality or price of the food We love eating outside when the weather is right and Different Pointe of View is our favorite. The chef's tasting menu option is the best! Our only complaint is that their selections for restaurant week could be better. Overall one of the best dining experiences in the valley. "The view is amazing and we were lucky to be there in time to watch the sun go down. We chose to eat outside which was taking a chance because when the sun went down it got cold pretty fast. I would have thought they would have had some heaters outside. Both the service and food were outstanding. We never felt rushed and we were given great suggestions for food. We also received information about the mountains and areas around the property. The restaurant is high up the hill so make sure you keep following the signs to the restaurant. There is also a great lounge area and we were planning on having an after dinner drink there but it was so cold inside  excellent food choices and a very hard working friendly staff.  The entire evening was enjoyable."  I didn't want to leave. It is a beautiful romantic spot and we will definitely be returning Remember that dining should be a great experience and in my ""point of view"" this' Point of View' checked all the boxes."  I think) was wonderful. He was knowledgeable about wines as well as everything on the menu including the special of the day. One of the reasons I picked this place is because they have several gluten free items from which to choose. First Downstairs they have a bar/lounge with comfortable seating where you can order drinks/appetizers and enjoy the view. There's also a fire pit which is nice if it's a little chilly. Drinks and food are pricey and you're definitely paying for the ambience. Very romantic spot but next time I may opt for the lounge."  and was not disappointed. Service and food was amazing!! And the beautiful view of Phoenix at night was incredible. Definitely coming back. Would love to thank our waiter Luis for an amazing service. He went over and beyond to make this celebration memorable. Thank you Luis  for me.  The view is to die for.  And the service was excellent.  :)" 3cR6U4jdc5H24SKgTSgZ-A  & the atmosphere!  I had the lobster bisque- it was out of this world!!  So full of flavor & yumminess!!  I also had the black rice and shrimp- I was full!!  The shrimp were cooked to perfection!  Their butter had apple flavor to it- made dinner rolls more  scrumptious. Darrren Very romantic and elegant place. Enjoyed a 4 course meal on New Years Eve. Not only do you enjoy the amazing food but the view is also breathe taking. We will definitely be coming back here! 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ My favorite part about my first experience at Different Pointe of View was that the food was just as incredible as the view. My wife took me for my birthday and it was a first for us both. We went at night and had a great table w/ a view. The service was incredible as well. My wife and I both started w/ a bowl of Lobster bisque and we both had the Filet Mignon w/blue cheese and a reduction sauce that was phenomenal. We had Zero complaints and the satisfaction of the moment left little room for words. We added a few cocktails to top it all off. I would definitely recommend dining here.  white truffle risotto and oysters were the selections. Followed by our delectable entrees! The short ribs were out of this world and the Steelhead w/shrimp risotto was melt in your mouth. Followed by a special anniversary dessert and we added the creme brle-delicious! The service of the waitstaff was impeccable; This was definitely a 5-star experience and will return!"  the service was some of the best I ever experienced. I never had to look for my waiter. My water glass was always full. And the staff offered to take photos of us several times in different settings. Even took us outside and took a photo of us with the view behind us. I would absolutely return and would absolutely recommend this place to my friends. Of course  was very knowledgable in the wine department as well. He offered food and drink suggestions we couldn't be happier with. Most important they had my favorite dish... Pork belly!  Melt-in-your-mouth perfection. To cap it off Compliments to the chef and the entire staff at Different Pointe of view...I look forward to the next time I'm lucky enough to return!" I am a fairly regular customer of the Different Pointe of View but they regularly close the restaurant for major events like weddings or company sponsored events.  Tonight was a good example. Although it was a Tuesday and closed there were no signs telling visitors or guests the restaurant was closed to the public. If you have every been to this restaurant you would know it is a long drive up a steep hill for quite some distance. Once you get there again no sign or anything to tell you the place is reserved or closed to the public. It is only when you try to enter they tell you that you can't enter. Tonight I brought a friend who just moved to Phoenix to show them the restaurant and bar area.  I was told very rudely that I could not go in and was not able to show my friend the restaurant. I explained that I did not want to enter the restaurant or terrace area bit just show them the facility. Very disappointed in the lack of courtesy or at least a sign to show the place is reserved. Welcome to Phoenix and the Hilton Hotel. "I'd first off like to say that my experience at this beautiful restaurant was amazing. Amazing waiter and amazing service. The food was great I had the chicken Fulton Short ribs were best I've ever had! Not to mention the view is spectacular. This was the best restaurant I've ever had the opportunity to try! Highly recommended. Came here recently for an anniversary. Would have given the place 5 stars but my boyfriend called a month in advance to get a window seat to enjoy the views and they did not deliver on that. Anyways with that being said the food and service was great. The views are to die for and was definitely a memorable experience. For a high end restaurant the prices are affordable at like 25-40$ generally per entre. We will be back again! 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ I'd defiantly go back to enjoy drinks "My wife and family planned a surprise dinner for my birthday. I thought it was the two of us but it ended up as 8 including my daughter who flew in from Seattle. The setting was incomparable with exquisite views of nighttime Phoenix! The setting I went out to a dinner here about 9 years ago. My only problem that I still have with this place was the quality of the actual beef. Or maybe how it was cooked in not to sure. The texture.... I'm not sure. But I still crave that stupid steak from this place. I have traveled the world several times and have dined at many fine restaurants. This one takes the bees knees."  well it feels like that. The food was really good from what I remember but the view is even better. It is little expensive but it's worth it on special occasions.  It's not very easy to find the restaurant or parking since its in the back section of the complex. After I was told that it was nice/casual and felt underdressed when I arrived.  The staff were gracious and kind.  A great experience."  and the pork tenderloin. Holy cow the food (all of it) was absolutely amazing. Even the bread along with the three different dips for it was delicious.  We shared all of our dishes and everything was melt in your mouth good and succulent.  The pork belly really did melt in your mouth and the sauce..oh my we were fighting (playfully) over dipping our bread in the sauce. My steelhead trout was the best I have had to date. I was so full but I made sure to eat every last bite (my stomach was not happy with me). All the other ladies throughly enjoyed their meals as well. How we actually had room for dessert I still have no idea but we all took one for the team and ordered dessert as well. I was surprised with a happy birthday creme brulee from the chef which was just as heavenly as the rest of my meal. The wine  and the food is amazing. I took my parents here on our vacation and they were extremely impressed. I would hands down suggest this for a special occasion or just a nice night out. If you're not interested in eating Perfect date night/celebration spot!! The steak was perfectly cooked and the risotto makes for a perfect appetizer. There's truly nothing like it in the Phoenix area. "It's been years since I have been here and there food is still amazing.   Great views My only qualm was that for such a nice restaurant you could at least serve warm bread." Fantastic view of downtown. Great service. Highly recommend. Had a lovely evening for my wife's birthday. "Maybe the best oysters I have ever had.   Would think about coming back to Phoenix just to go and eat them again.   Everything was excellent The view was also breath taking.  It was a perfect evening to celebrate the beauty of our relationship.   If you want to experience something heavenly you should really give Different Pointe of View a shot. I don't think you will be disappointed!!!"  but did not seem up to par for the elegance of the restaurant. I would still go back and give it another try."  and a tomato based spread as well.  The bread is not warm though.  They could improve in this area.  An olive oil with Mediterranean herbs would have been a nice option in the trio.  Luis also brought out a small shot glass like container for each of us to sample their lobster bisque.  WOW!  It is heavier and very creamy.  I kind of wished I had ordered it as an appetizer.  In my past DPOV visits This is shocking customer service coming from a resort with multiple 4 diamond ratings." Excellent meal with lovely views. Duck confit with risotto was delightfully crispy and flavorful. My husband enjoyed a perfectly cooked fillet. Wonderful place for a special occasion. We'll be back!  outstanding food quality combines to make this well worth the trip.  Highly recommended." Different Pointe of View is the restaurant that makes you feel like every meal is the best meal you've ever had. The service and waitstaff are impeccable and impressively knowledgeable on wine pairings to create the perfect blend of flavors for even the most discerning of palates. The beautiful mountain and city views only enhance an already wonderful experience. Highly recommend!  and went down a level to check out the beautiful fire feature. I'd definitely recommend this place for a special occasion... it was a lovely way to wish our friends well before their move!" This place was amazing. View spectacular and the food and service top notch. Overall a really great experience that comes with a spectacular view. A little pricey but that's to be expected."  service and views. Hard to beat. This is our favorite ""high-end"" restaurant in the valley."  even came out to our table to greet us. The old saying is ""never trust a skinny chef."" Trust THIS one! From this culinary experience at Different Point of View Great venue for a romantic sunset dinner.  Glass of wine outside during sunset and greay city views during dinner.  Great menu and service.  Catered to a special menu request above and beyond.  Thanks  you could tell the chef is amazing with his pairings and preparations .. I had the scallops which were the size of my head lol and my husband had an amazingly marinated and flavorful filet that was prepared to perfection ... What can I say even my vegetables tasted incredible like they were marinated before hand . The staff was on top of everything .. Took away my plate I said thank you .. ""With pleasure"" the bus boy states "" no really thank you"" I say "" no no it's my pleasure o love to clean"" he says lol what a great staff very on point and ready to cater to your ever need. The  architecture is very beautiful .. So after dinner we decided to visit the many fountains and check out the scenery . We just had a really great time on the rare occasion that we do go out . Thank you Different Point of View for the beautiful evening ."  one of the top dates of all time."  this restaurant is fantastic in terms of the service setting and views (they have a lovely and large patio that is great for after dinner pictures  decent place. Excellent views. Good service. No complaints. It's a bit pricey but you're splurging. Is what it is." Kinda challenging to find  Tomato Infused Grilled Bistro Steak. My boyfriend and I both got the Tahitian Vanilla Bean Crme Brle and Devil's Delight. I recommend anyone to go at least once if you have the opportunity as you will not be disappointed! On top of that If you're in the area and looking to munch on some wings and a beer or two "I pass by this place every day on my way back to hotel so decided to check it out early this week.  Food is alright  and a very friendly staff.  They also have free wifi.  I guess that means you can bet on the internet about the sports you are watching while you drink and watch with friends."  and the lack of understanding by the management.   The food isn't enough to get me back  but isn't the worst.  I do have to say that the wait staff is very friendly.  It is a good place to go after work to have a few drinks and watch a game." I don't know of anywhere in my area that has the trivia/touch screen games anymore.  I sit here and play poker online and bluff my way to beating everybody's ass most of the time.  Great fun!"  there were a couple of Eagles fans in the group :-)).  Service was friendly but slow.  It didn't help that the waitress assignments changed for some of our group partway through the game.  The place was packed and everything was stretched to the limit.  Glassware became a problem and for a while beer came in room temperature glasses and mixed drinks were coming in whatever vessel could be found.  From what I saw and tasted of the food it was all OK except for the one salad I saw come out We will be back! And when College football starts again we will be turning this into a ""buckeyes"" bar!"  then hands-down these are the best nachos in the Valley. (If you like real cheese on your nachos Damn.... I still can't choose between a 3 and 4 .... I know I will be back ... I'm going with 3 and if I'm impressed next time F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A As long as the don't run out of glasses again of course..." Overall I like Gallagher's it's a great place for some bar food and few beers." I haven't been here other than for lunches  I will be back to continue my assault on my digestive track."  and this place will get more stars.  I should note that I am quite sure they messed up my check.  The beers were supposed to each be $4 F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A "I come back because the ladies pour a good whiskey & 7 and the wings are awesome. The Happy hour drink prices also get me to return. I like the decor of the bar and it draws a good regular crowd. Not into the off-site track beating but it's there. Both the bartenders I have dealt with have been really nice and made an effort to remember my name on a later visit. That's pretty nice If i am ever back in this area I will be back."  the green beer was flowing as one might expect at a discounted rate. There was a corn beef & cabbage plate special being offered up as well as the usual menu items and the Wed .40 cent wing deal they now have started. There was St Paddys day decoration and give aways from happy hour into the evening. A fun and lively pub it was. My only complaint was that drinks were all being served in limp little plastic cups; mixed drinks and the beer."  bar food.   Kind of dead but it seemed like many places in Phoenix are these days.  Likely a function of the economy and the degree to which Phoenix is overbuilt."  it seemed like a fun idea.  Highly enjoyed Gallagher's!  I had a fantastic beer on draft for $2.50.  Hard to beat that price!  Then I ordered the smoked meat platter with pulled pork (BBQ sauce).  It came with two sides and there were many great ones to choose from.  I decided on the sweet potato fries and the BBQ beans.  Really loved their BBQ sauce and would order the meat platter again.  The true highlight was their spicy BBQ beans.  They were so flavorful! The only person that makes beans comparable is my mom. My mom's are the BEST but Gallagher's comes in 2nd place.  Service was prompt and there are lots of TV's so it makes it very easy to watch a game and enjoy your meal.  If I lived in Phoenix  it was pretty good.  Not spicy at all.  I ordered the Chicken Cordon Blu Sandwich for dinner.  The sandwich is big and tons of fries on the side.  The sandwich was ok (enough chicken  quality atmosphere.  Not all that busy but that made it easier to converse with our friends.  Good place to meet up with friends and have a relaxing evening."  price was rite. They had this raspberry mayo for the sweet potato fries..really creative and yumny. Lots of chicken wing sauce choices...i like to try new things. I will go back."  service is great and it's all walks of life in there as far as customers go so you'll always be entertained.  even if you see the parking lot is packed there is a TON of seating so don't let that fool you ..."  as they always are and i ventured out one night with a burger and had no complaints there either. If you're a sports fan or you gamble  but noisy kids friendly it seems. The wings are good."  the food wasn't very good either. We spent most of our time waiting. Our appetizer was the last thing brought out  and accompanied by garlic bread. I think this place has potential but I ordered wrong. I sat at the bar and service was mediocre. Price was pretty low though. Good place to watch the game." Without a doubt the rudest wait staff I have ever been around.  Skip this place!  and I had a burger which was eh...nothing to write home about. The bartender kept pulling up her skirt and showing the guys at the bar her st patty's day panties...oh well  I love the Tortilla Club Wrap and their seasoned fries (dipped in chipotle ranch).  Do not order the sliders... they tasted wierd.  It never gets packed.  A lot of the regulars go there for the Off-Track Betting.  During the football season it is a great low key place to watch the game if you don't want to deal with all those loud and obnoxious fans."  it came out black but being adventurous i tried it thinking it was a different kind of breading. Boy was i wrong! It was completely burnt. So we sent it back our other food came out and then the new calamari came out.  Much better this time until we got down to the plate. It was the old plate I read all of the reviews and while in Phoenix decided to go to this establishment. Was really excited by the menu.........the service was horrible.....food took forever! Will not return.  you won't be disappointed but won't get overly exciting. The buffalo Chicken Pizza is pretty awesome but could also kill you. The staff is friendly and accommodating and they have a decent selection of beers and daily specials."  and the sound system was horrible for karaoke.  They need to close down I learned two things--never order a salad from a bar (unless it is a salad bar) "It's kind of divey but the buffalo wings are amazing On karaoke night there is this older gentleman who belts out all your favorite grunge tunes from the 90's. I don't like karaoke but this is a treat  was a fun place to be for Thursday night Football. Food was so-so but the friendliness and locals who hang there were great. Definitely a place to go for an Arizona Team game! Thanks Y'all for making me feel welcome even if I was only here for a few days."  honestly. This place gets two stars for being an average/below average sports bar chain with nothing much to offer. Their business model needs an update ZREDycnu3rhgDvhBdcm4wA Best boneless wings ever. Great staff and great prices  and it is loud and obnoxious. This place has pretty much run it's course. Time for it to close and re-open as something else. Hopefully under new ownership. And minus the karaoke." Boneless wings are delicious however does not make up for the crappy service. Waitress was unfriendly and too busy. Threw a printed piece of paper my way when I asked what was on tap and seemed preoccupied with her kids talking to her. Rarely checked back probably because my boyfriend and I are younger and she assumed wed be bad tippers because all the tables around us got plenty of attention. Here's the kicker michelob ultra is considered a premium here. I'm a bartender in the majority of the bars that I frequent and work for this is not the case. When I asked for a manager her attitude was snotty about it. I won't be back.  over cooked and hard fried.  Service was shameful.  I was by myself and practically ignored.  Go somewhere else.  The prices aren't that great.  There are plenty of better establishments for drinks and appetizers." Never coming back for a special event here. I did go to the 7th St and Union Hills location for Preakness and had a MUCH better experience. Get your act together on 16th St and I could be persuaded to try again."  dont go here just plain and simple because the service absolutely sucks and the management and other employess obviously do not care how their restaurant is portrayed." It is too bad that there are no zero stars options." i will only give it 2 stars b/c the dj for karoake was awesome and the food was good. on the negatives-some of the worst service i've ever had and i've been to a lot of bars/restaurants. the server repeatedly forgot my tables drinks. at one point i just went up to the bar to get a refill-it was so much quicker. my fiance went to get my one drink that was sitting at the bar for 10 minutes when she saw that she got it and gave it to me saying there was computer problems-hmm yea right. i had to ask for my check twice because i was waiting for 20 minutes for it. just terrible and i could on but i'll spare you. trust me i was a server for years so i understand getting slammed but it wasn't busy and she should've asked for help and not made up that there was computer problems. also i got a mixed drink and so did my friend and it didn't taste like any alcohol. despite all this my friends and i still had a really good time b/c of karoake. still don't think ill be back there anytime soon. F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A "Awesome wings! Try the raspberry chipotle...   Service is hit or miss Love this place.  It's always comfortable and service is great.  Food was awesome and coldest beers in town.  sports on TV and prices. Not too bad.  What else can you ask for?"  the food was very good. But the service was slow.  We had to get back to work and we were late getting back."  no one even addressed us. It was not busy so there's no reason for them to have such horrible service. Don't go here!" I would recommend to anyone."  but its about 50/50 with the servers about half being polite and the other half just acting like they really didn't want to be there much less serve you. However when drinks are $2.75 a piece  yummy food and a great place to watch football. Very attentive wait staff."  I haven't dropped by just to ""have a beer"" but will be sure to update with some feedback on that as well. I will say that their beer selection is quite good though. No complaints whatsoever!"  very polite & offered great beer & food suggestions. If you come here on any weekday - ask for the special -today its Tuesday thus "July 5th while dining at Gallaghers on 7575 n 16 St there was a cockroach in our water. While the waiter was fantastic in handling this disgusting discovery the manager did not bother to come and talk to us and decided that comping one domestic beer and  a 6 dollar happy hour entree was sufficient. In addition iusXNXCQnCsL4sAopjKAvg  would you like to order food.  He said nothing to us.  But went around to all other tables.  Bartender went had a cigarette played on her phone but never asked us if we were doing ok or what would you like to order(since we specifically asked for a menu).   By the way my husband ordered a bud light I wish I could find somewhere in Northern California that made chicken wings as great as these were I just can't stop saying enough about how much I enjoyed the boneless chicken wings and you get to pick your own sauce." Good selection of beer but the service sucks plan accordingly and add an additional hour to get you food and anybody to come and take your order and bring your bill.  This has happened on more than one occasion. Don't care to ever come back.  if you are not a regular good luck. They should be ashamed of the way they way they treat people. The best advice I can give is for a fun night out go anywhere but here! The food is horrible  I like this place. Fish tacos and the kabobs are good!  Friday night Karioke is just not my thing but it does get a crowd. Join their affinity program and get points toward future purchases. Saves a few bucks here and there.  because we didn't want to send it back and wait another 45 minutes.  Three other people ordered the Cobb Salad off the Daily Special  .. the sizes and cost of the salads were all different.  ???   There are no prices listed on the Daily Specials...don't be fooled they are 5 We made a mistake going there. My wife read lousy reviews but went anyway since close to hotel and a place to watch basketball. The food was not good and wife felt sick next day. Very bland boneless wings that were small pieces and no flavor. The pizza was acceptable. The lettuce was terrible. Limp is one way to describe it. The baked potato was served on a bed of ?We were not sure what it was. Service was fine . Beer cold. It was odd that twice they came to our table trying to deliver someone else's food. We did watch basketball and had many televisions.  but food is typical of what you should expect in a sports bar. If a meal is not on you to do list "Great beers on tap and a solid place to watch a game "Went here with a buddy to watch the NHL playoffs on a Saturday. We sat at the bar roughly around 6pm. We each had several drinks and planned on staying for food also when a family of around 12-15 people came in and they put together tables so they can all sit in the bar. Had no issue with that until one of the toddlers started crying non-stop. This went on for around 30 minutes and the parents did nothing to stop the child F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A  but the food was terrible.  Nacho cheese was wiz and buffalo chicken tenders were undercooked. Not sure why  had HORRIBLE diarrhea and stomach aches!!!! This lasted a couple hours! NEVER AGAIN WILL I EAT AT THIS PLACE!!! EVER!!!!!"  so it may be just what the doctor ordered if all you're looking to do is chat up your company in peace and have a couple drinks."  I'd give it another chance to improve itself to ""4 star"" status."  I think the food here is good and the price very reasonable.  Consider there meeting room if you're looking to host 30-50 people as it is accomodating and the service has always been good." I would highly recommend starting your day here if you are a fan of breakfast." I just wanted to get out of there." "I'm staying at the squaw peak resort and had a free breakfast voucher for this place. I waited for 15 minutes. No waiter. Finally flagged one down and ordered an omelette. Nothing fancy. 20 minutes later no omelette. Finally flagged the waitress down an said I had to leave. She said she would put it in a box for me and went to the kitchen. Three minutes later  only 2 tables had customers( first clue). We wanted the breakfast buffet for $15 per person. Big dissapointment. They where already taking down the buffet items & it was only 11am (2nd clue). Went to the omlet bar and the cook looked grouchy and pissed to have to open back up. The sign said your choice of cheese but seems like the cook picks what type of cheese you want on your omlet. Even worse was the cold bacon TIP: I saw one couple both do the challenge and they used forks to take the meat off the bone sntead of getting the sauce all over their lips and face. They were smart!! I'd do it like them if I ate wings!!"  to the guy who looks like Jesus and had the 1st place record for eating some absurd amount of these (100 maybe?): bravo The real challenge here was trying to make it through all 13 wings while a rather large women in a mini-skirt showed off her pool playing abilities.  That deserves a waiver of its own!" I firmly believe the cooks are Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.  Dr. Jekyll does a great job in the kitchen and I am a fan of his work.   The buffalo shrimp and fajitas are AWESOME.   But man-o-man do I hate it when Mr. Hyde is working...he forgets to keep the kitchen fully stocked and he can't even make a salad!" I have a challenge to any restaurant that has the guts to take it.  I want to a spicy food challenge worthy of the valley of the sun home of 120 degree temps.  Any takers?" It's unfortunate. I was really looking forward to this  the ""special"" is a 50cents discount off the full price.  Our group also experienced the sewage odor that was noted by previous reviewers.  Staff were adequate and offered basic service. Margaritas were nothing to write home about." "Eeeeh maybe I'm not the sports bar type... But idk about Peppers.. Only had a couple of beers with my friends here at happy hour.. Ambience.. Umm well "Good news - Gallagher's on Union Hills is back!  We had been going to this bar for years and then it closed.  Reopened as ""Cheerleaders"" and was God-awful.  Then Gallagher's came back and their menu is more extensive and the food is even better.  They're in the process of remodeling and we were told will have new seating in the dining area so bare with the crappy booth seats for now.  We've have the wings every time and they've never failed us - also breaded zucchini is so much better - light Pachenko type of batter.  We've also had the sliders - meat portion was good but they need to improve on the buns as they were kind of stale store bought kind.  Other than that  I've had to go up to the bar to order my food since there doesn't seem to be a waitstaff here (that doesn't bother me one bit). I have a feeling I'll be seeing this place a lot in the future."  I finally got a water.  Then I sat there for over 15 minutes and I was never approached.  They walked by me over 20 times and didn't say a word to me.  I can't rate the food because I was never served but there was no service!  You must be a regular for them to care that you are there or you must be in a pre paid party!  I will never stip into this place again and I will continue to tell everyone I know to stay away." Food is always tasty!" Awesome fish fry and great atmosphere. Glad they have reopened and food is great. I'll certainly come back here on gameday if I'm in this neighborhood."  their wings are amazing and cheap after 10 on Saturday. Our bill was a shocker to us because we drank alot and ordered some wings. So very reasonable. We will most definitely return soon." Ask to be seated in veronicas section.  bathrooms unusable and food just gross.  On our final visit both my wife and I were sick the rest of the night.  Approach with caution... you have been warned!!"  everything. The food is better than your average bar fare and they usually have a good drink special going...the karaoke is hilarious to watch ;) Interesting mix of people The staff is always consistently friendly and on point. I really do love it here and am super happy it's so close to home!" Happy hour is okay. They could step up their game if the bartenders would give you a real pour and not make excuses when a drink tastes like more water than it does alcohol or soda... you think to keep good PR you'd at least comp that drink of the customer is adamant on the drink sucking (unfortunately my friend didn't get that normal service)." Excellent boneless wings with a nice happy hour price. Great service great food. And the bacon queso fries are my new addiction.  or on a lazy weekend afternoon.....had the Mediterranean Wrap with Fresh steamed Veggies( don't laugh we're on a fitness program) it was very good for splitting and was fresh and pleasantly tasting... goes to prove you can find healthy food at a local bar lol..............  Been going here off and on for 12 years wont stop!!!"  the karaoke DJ dedicated feel like making love. To his mother for Mother's Day. No joke. If you're cool with watching your bartender eat food and snack on fruit non stop behind the bar and don't care about unevenly padded barstools Awesome place. I just moved to Arizona and use yelp to find everything and I am glad I found this place. It's my new spot! .. und das ist nach ein enttuscht kritiker" We came in smiling and she totally killed the mood."  probably wont come back."  but don't expect to be able to rehydrate here...  I've heard it's a good place when it's hopping  you can catch whatever sporting activity your heart desires! It was a fun time with my friends."  but the OTB really brings down the energy. The feeling of hopelessness follows OTB like a desperate ex-girlfriend. I live less than a block away "The wings were great and they carried local micro brew. Watched the giants beat the cards The tvs are smaller than the location on carefree highway but the wings are better and local brew choices Love coming here! I come on Fridays and hang out in the bar. Gwen is a great bartender and it's always a great mix of people. Their food is great too. Much better than any bar food I've ever had. If you're looking for a great local bar where they know your name and drink order this is the place to be.  happy employees. Good place to go if you like off track betting and lots of tv's  but about the service we received on ONE occasion when we stopped in for dinner."  fried mozzarella sticks and a salad. We all liked our meals." Great choices of food. Also Great food. Good service for the most part. We are weekly regulars here. And their white chocolate chip macadamia nut cookie and ice cream is one of the best I've had. Came here for lunch for wings and a place to watch some college basketball. My fianc had the medium and I had the honey BBQ. He enjoyed his but mine were way too saucy. I had to wipe quite a bit off to enjoy them. The flavor was good but just too much. The restaurant is clean and our server was good. The only other complaint was there was quite a bit of horse races on and people around us were very serious about the races which made watching basketball a little bit of a challenge. It seemed like if you weren't into the races then you were kinda ignored.   and overall welcoming and inviting. The gal behind the bar was 110%. I hate going to bars to enjoy spending my money and having the barmaid or man "Our apartment complex had catering from Gallaghers and I really enjoyed the chicken bacon ranch wraps! Very delicious! The wings were a little on the mushy and fatty side Horrible food!!!!! Great Service:) The wings were not seasoned properly. It was not appetizing and probably won't go back to try something different.... "Great food for a sports bar. A lot of TV's and modest pricing. The wings have multiple sauce options and are always cooked perfectly "Staff wasn't all that excited to be staff. I guess it's a Phoenix thing but my dollars spend the same in every state so that's no excuse in my mind. Fish fry isn't beer battered cod loins Great place to grab a drank and get some munchies! Friendly staff and a decent environment! Their ghost pepper sauce is actually hot.  sat in the well waiting for their drinks and still nothing. By far the worst way to start off. We looked around and finally were over it and walked right out. At least greet your tables!! Cmon I get it  picture happiness in a skillet. For those of you who want more details... picture a skillet with the most delicious cookie dough still warm and googy with ice cream on top! It is a ten in itself with no need to mention the kind friendly service or other good food (such as wonderful boneless wings that are easy to eat and taste great)." Peter was our server and did wonderful all day football Sunday. We're a group of gay men who love good service and football. Peter is our guy! The bartender was a younger girl who was awful..  no chips. No show. Worst part is owner sat there and stared at us and talked smack to staff about us impatiently waiting for someone. No one could break from that worthless huddle to take ten steps away from their dramatic clump of despair lamenting how busy they are(n't). Again  and I am pretty sure she stayed away because she knew I was not happy with the food.  I cannot speak to any other items on the menu as I did not have any Worst service EVER!!!!! Don't go Saturday nights. There's a waitress with black hair cut in a bob and a waiter with a pointy beard. Both must hate their life because they certainly act like it. him more than her. Been there many times thinking they just had a bad night but it is like that every visit we've gone. Straw that broke the camels back he decides to overindulge himself a $50 tip. Didn't notice it till the next day when we called to try to get our money back all they offered was a gift card to that nasty restaurant. The owners would be so disappointed to know how these waiters and waitresses gave their company such a bad name. My friends and family and I will never step foot in another Gallagher's again.  great service. Lots of tv's with different sports on. I was surprised how good the food was for a sports bar. They have off track betting here too. Thursday nights are trivia. Comfortable booths and clean tables. Good prices even when it's not happy hour. We definitely will be back!"  attentive server. This place was recommended by my sister. The burgers were good  but if you're looking for a cowboy/country western dive bar - this could fit the bill.  And they can wrestle up some grub for ya while you're there."  check this place out.  It's like going to the Buffalo Chip in Cave Creek before everyone found out about it.   And not having to drive so far." I/we will probably back during happy but not for a full on dinner. Don't have high expectations for this place. The atmosphere is chill and the people are nice but if you are used to going to higher end spots this place will either humble you or make you want to run out the door." It gets a 5-star rating because its everything I expected and a retardedly good deal." "Wagon Yard is older than dirt. It's been there since forever.... and it is the same now as it was back then. Wagon Yard is the least cowboy-est cowboy steakhouse in Phoenix that i know. It IS like going to Cave Creek before Cave Creek became the annex of North Scottsdale. Prices are cheap  who knows. Hopefully they come out of it. Wagon yard is the quintessential rustic western food and drink joint. they have karaoke very often "This place is one of a kind!  My wife and I went on the nite of 12/5 and not only got a   real good meal for peanuts I'll probably come back to this place sometime when we're in the area again.  The food is solid All of this food was less than a $20 so I can't really complain.  Just don't expect a gourmet steakhouse." JImJictLIE48_O1z-l2TGw  but do not expect anything more then what we have described. You may like it. I did."  I think I need to give this place another chance since my fiances food was so good. Plus all of the above only cost us 19 bucks. We'll be back... probably on a Sunday or Monday when they have the All-U-Can-Eat Beef Ribs!" Great hole in the wall bar and grill.   I'm back again.  It is.extremely hard to have an issue with this place.  Food is usually very good as far as bar food goes.  My girlfriend and I shared a dozen honey hot wings which were freakin delicious  but maybe dirty.  If this place was clean - it would not be the ""bar"" atmosphere that it is.  We went for our first time last week and have already been back.  The food is GREAT and the prices *** I love how they greet you when you enter the place. A lot of little dive bars miss that." Don't bother unless it is the bar your are after  dingy and old but breakfast is good and cheap!"  and the service was horrid... I read the reviews prior to going and was a little nervous Definitely a jewel in the desert." Recently went because I had heard that it was under new ownership and wanted to see if it had changed.  We went a few years ago and the food was good but the service was just ok.  Since the last time we were there the place is clean and everyone is very nice.  We love their food as it is your traditional classic american food.  We look forward to the new volleyball courts and wish the new owners luck.  I recommend the tex burger.  defaced the sign and closed the doors leaving an entire staff of loyal employees jobless because he couldn't get a liquor license. It WILL re-open. The bar tenders know how to pour a good drink I honestly diidn't expect much but our waitress was great and the karaoke host made the night very enjoyable. Most importantly cheap drinks :) "I went to this place on my birthday because I had driven by so many times and needless to say was interested. I loved the overall atmosphere  a live baby roach ran across my fiance's plate. This is unacceptable and I will be reporting this place to the AZ Department of Health"  not usually is a big crowd. the bar stuff is nice and the chili is good. they have pool tables  but they do have decent prices and okay portion size. AMBIENCE: This is not a fancy place and they even have a pretty decent size dance floor where we can only imagine the amount of line dancing going on. CONCLUSION: Been coming here for 29 years why stop now. Overall rating of either a 3.5 or a 4"  prompt service. The food was mediocre at best. The bartender may or may not have been a drag queen. The highlight of the evening was the older crowd there for karaoke night. It was a 'special' evening to say the least. We'll be back  the four dollar lunch special and diet coke i ordered made for a wonderful meal at an awesome price. We sat at the bar and it was awkwardly quiet and dead in there."  but I gave them another chance and has been OK since.  It's a laid back place and the prices on the burgers and such are good.  Steak prices seem a little high  and the breakfast was pretty good!!  I like the fact that they have a GIANT beer that I have to hold with both hands.  They have cool stuff going on in the back (horseshoes  lousy service. Waited twenty plus minutes for wings and I one of three here. The beer is not at the right temperature and it smells like there is serious bacteria growing somewhere."  yet we made our first visit there about a week ago.  The waitress (I didn't catch her name) took great care of us. She noticed immediately that what I was ordering was painfully diet/limited and she catered to me without blinking  that's all I'm saying. I ordered a 1/2 sandwich with cup of their house vegetable beef soup. The soup was rancid tasting. It had bubbles around the edge?! Ended eating my wonderbread Oscar mayer turkey sandwich and haven't had screaming diarrhea yet....You can be a dive bar without being a nasty bar." "I'm new to the area. Attending Mmi. saw this place and stopped in. Great dive bar atmosphere. Cold beer good food. Friendly staff  we recently moved to the area and wanted to try some local eateries. My wife myself and 3 of my younger kids went there for happy hour...2-6 Monday through Friday.  They had half off appetizers and .45 wings everything we got was excellent great happy hours too!!!!" This place is awesome for breakfast... Come check it out! We come on Sundays and absolutely love the breakfast... And conversation. Wanted to enjoy a burger and some wings. At first impression this was a nice place with country western atmosphere and friendly staff. However It took over 10 minutes just to get our order taken. We were brought drinks right away. Another 10 minutes after that our order was taken.  We arrived around 550 pm. 645 rolled around and still were sipping on pepsi with not even an appetizer in sight or any sign of our server. Others who had came after we did were being brought food.  I really wanted to try the food here but was so angry we walked out and went somwhere else. First time I have ever seen a roach crawl across the table as dinner was being eaten.  but a place that I would find myself visiting at least three times a month. The first time I stopped in it was almost out of desperation for lack of other close by open breakfast options. When I stepped inside it was exactly what I'd always imagined The last tome I was in I was waiting for my motorcycle to be finished woth service next door. The wings tastes awful and the fries were clearly frozen store bought. The place still smelled like rotten feet. Later that night I got terribly sick and had diarreah for hours. Clearly the chicken had turned. Will not go back! Truly awful! Our group ordered so many different things and they were all great!  One of the best steaks I've had.  GREAT Band too! "From the outside it doesn't look to appealing and neither does the inside My cousin plays  on a pool league every week and that is enjoyable. Not the best service but I was impressed by the quality and amount of food!  Elliot is amazing.  If you ever want to have a party they can accommodate a lot of people and have a room in the back that works out fantastic.  The food is great and portion sizes are quite large!  Love this place!" Ok breakfast for the money. Older place with a little bit of a smell to it but friendly service. This place could use a fresh coat of paint and spring cleaning but has a lot of character. friendly bartender/waitress. Inside was nicer than I expected.Large clean bar and seating area and food was great. Had the Philly and it was well prepared. Will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu  the place needs an upgrade and less karaoke nights. It's frustrating when you come to eat food at a restaurant and almost every night people are doing karaoke."  the hamburger was fair. Would I go back? Probably not." My family has a lot of great memories here and that has been over 42 years now.  So needles to say it has been around for a long time and that is nice to see places still here that have great memories.  The food was really good and the music was great (just need to turn the volume down a little).  Great place to go dancing.  The service was really good too! Came to the Wagon Yard for breakfast and I got to tell you how.........wait for it! Well I rate this a 3 because well 1st they didn't have enough help.....and you asked for something it never came back. Overall for a dive bar it was ok. Remember when ordering eggs with cheese they mix the American cheese in with your eggs so you don't get the shape of the square cheese just sitting on top........lol Pocket friendly and I have to admit some of the best wings I've ever had. This place has a definite country feel. A couple of pool tables and dart stands for the gamers. Mostly has a restaurant atmosphere wit tables for dining. Don't dress up but definitely enjoy yourself and relax. Angela was my bartender and very friendly. I'll definitely be back with my family for some country music and food. Reminds me of Texas. My good ole' home state.  you can hide here and enjoy a fine breakfast."  went for first time today. looks maybe a bit tired but food was spot on. i'm a very picky eater i got the smaller hamburger and fries and could barley finish.so much food my friend got the all you can eat beef ribs (sunday and monday) bartender/ waitress was prompt and friendly  will def be back."  and that honesty is most certainly felt in it's food.  The RIB's are nothing short of amazing and the people are a moment in time when America was a place of genuine character.  Coming from Hollywood where everything is fruits "Worst experience we ever had! Would not recommend this restaurant. The waitress we had was very nice but the food was horrific we sent the steak back because it was burnt. They came out with Second steak and could not cut it even with the steak knife. The manager came and told us our meals were on the house but never come back and find a different place to eat! We were shocked but still willing to pay for our drinks so we waited for the waitress to come with the bill and then a different waitress came and told us to leave! We were not rude   except for the steak and eggs. Burgers and wings both great; just generally good food!" "I drive past this place daily and (thankfully) I finally decided to give it a shot.  $.55 wings m-f 2-7 for happy hour.  They're large  was so helpful! We will be back for sure!" This prompted me to order the same chicken sandwich today as a takeout. It took 30 minutes to get my order. I live around the corner so I took my first bite in less than 5 minutes of receiving it. I couldn't even bite all the way through because of the grizzle. So I took a bite from the other side with the same results. I removed the extremely small and thin patty and tried cutting away the grizzle but found the entire grilled chicken breast was so rubbery  some of the best grilled wings I've had! Despite all my complaints I would go there every night just for the wings. And if the food tastes as good as it looks I need to go back for a burger and onion rings. This place is certainly a hole in the wall and I'll certainly be back."  my son had the chili cheese burger it looked mouthwatering and according to my son it was one of the best burgers he's had since we have been in Phoenix.  Service was very friendly and it was a very kick back relaxed atmosphere."  the food is great from the one sandwhich I ate. I did signup for a ""discount card"" they offer. It is a point system and you get discounts off of the food and a special something on birthdays." "Everytime I go to this places I am surprised.  I just expect it to be bad but the food is actually really good. I have had a salad The epitome of a GREAT sports bar!" "CASEY JONES PUB AND GRILL-- WHERE THE BIG GIRLS-- ALL GET DOWN WITH THE JELLO! HELLO! What an influx of con queso that was! Recomends the three: Burger with Lentil  they had UFC 116 on for free. Not many places in California even show the fights and they definitely are not free! Also after 10 p.m they have $1.50 small pitchers of domestics. SOOO that speaks for itself!! The food is typical barfood but it is very good so you can't go wrong there.  I will continue to go here whenever I come to phoenix!!"  but the service seems better and the food sure as heck tastes better.   They make some pretty good BBQ here as well.     Not a gourmet dining experience but they live up to the expectations of a sports bar and then some."  I need to say that I'm an acquaintance of one of the owners here A generous two stars for this visit considering the filthy table."  good beer experience.  They have finally started expanding their beer list from the regular domestic beers.  They have some local beer as well as Odells!!!  YUM.  Plenty of TVs to go around and a cute little train motif for the kids." Love this place.  We go all the time.  Wings are the best cocktails are good and well priced.  Don't confuse with the terrible place with a similar name on Thurnderbird and 43 avenue. vFJmFFfPVhHkC3bWOeZnNA  friendly staff and decent food! Short  rings and sweet potato fries. Now compared to other bars like Tailgaters the same order of food plus a bucket of beers and 4 Malibu n Cokes = $45 with food being just as good. So if you want bar food this is not the place to go. By the amount of empty seats the problem is your food pricing. Your a bar not a fine diner!"  we were rewarded with two burgers that not only seemed to be bleeding but the cheese the oozed out of them reminded me of a horror flick where the guy gets stabbed and his guts just pour out.   After taking the burgers back to the kitchen and being assured the would be taken care of  we migrated to that area and got to horse around a bit. For a Saturday night  but that is coming from a Raiders fan. :(" This boring/neutral review pretty much sums it up. Um...Cheers?" I love their cheesesteaks. And I love the beer on tap- it is the coldest beer I have ever had and I look forward to it. YUM! Wish they still had Sam Adams on tap though. ;-(  is terrible.  A week ago I went in; it started the season off on a bad note... I even called the manager over to explain that I am a loyal customer and hadn't seen it this bad EVER.  He didn't have much to say as I gave him some gentle feedback on my experiences The cheese curds are glorious!!! Reminds me of Midwest food and the service is good. Great place to watch football games and have a good time But whats new with karaoke..."  exactly how you ask for them. Normally I order a burger medium and it comes well well well done. Here you order it medium Overall though it was a fun night with good service!" $2.25 bud light draft. $3.00 craft beers on Thursday I think. Anyway "My father has been going there for years and I have met him there. I recently started going there on my own and found it to be an excellent place to hang out or eat. They are a sports club that actually shows hockey games  too bad its a Packers bar! LOL" Great place for food! I really like their Philly cheesesteaks & honey hot wings. Awesome place to eat & drink  but I'd say it is worth a visit if you are within a few miles." Be sure to try the Pizza roll and their queso dip if you want more than excellent fried zuk for an appitizer" "Friday Night Fish Fry and the Clam Chowder are Fantastic!  Good Service Lastly the check. There was a comment card great i thought heres my chance to share feedback oh i couldn't because it was pre filled for us with ""excellent"" scores all the way down I have pics to prove it. Well I won't be visiting anytime soon. Thank you to the waitress Marci!"  I don't think I would go there for anything else. They actually have a pretty nice selection of tap beers and from what I saw Great rotating beer selection. Great staff. Colorful characters nightly lol. "This place is fantastic. I had a Philly Cheese steak that was greasy and delicious. They have a pretty varied menu so you're sure to find at least a few things you like.  It's a bar so don't expect it to be quiet Wow....really?  Unbelievable...we will never return and I sincerely hope anyone reading this will think twice before patronizing an establishment that treats people this way." "Awesome food good people always consistent great place to eat! Philly cheesesteak sandwiches Fun place to go and see some Packers take em down! The only complaint I have is that it's a Green Bay packers bar. We need more arizona cardinals bars!!! This is after all Arizona!" Every TV (and there are many) is tuned to the Pack on Sundays!"  awesome wings! Casey Jones on Bell is always a great place to meet a bunch of friends. Service is always on point and the staff is super friendly. The food is never disappointing and always hot and fresh. It was disappointing to see the one on 43rd Avenue and Thunderbird close but I know that was a different owner."  and green peppers (for free). It was delicious. Also Comes with a side of your choice (their fries are pretty good). Also got the tasty pazookie for dessert and shared it with a friend (it's big enough for three people). Overall  great staff and a really fun atmosphere. Good for relaxing and having some drinks with friends or partying until 2.. highly recommend this place for a night out" Casey Jones is where I go to eat. Their sandwiches are great. Sean is the best. Marcie is a great waitress. Came in today on a whim during my lunch break with a coworker. Place was your average bar an grill with basic food you would expect. They had pretty good lunch and drink specials. I ordered the green pork burrito from the lunch special menu and we got some wings since they were also on special. Wings were average and sauce was clearly store bought but they were juicy and cooked well. The burrito again was good but nothing special. What really held this place back was the service. Our waitress was stone faced and unfriendly. She overcharged us for the burrito and then acted like we were inconveniencing her and didnt even apologize. Im ok with mistakes as things happen but to act that way was ridiculous. I would probably not bother coming here again.  and a cute little train cruising around the ceiling. Half order of nachos is huge (be forewarned) Love this bar. Mike is the best bartender here! Karaoke on Friday nights and awesome drink specials. I always have a blast here!  staff is awesome. I'd recommend it to all my friends!"  so no clue on general seating service. It does tend to collect a rough crowd  the sauce I got was a little on the sweet side but I'll get a different one next time. My son and husband fell in love with the boneless wings though! I also got a request to come back for breakfast! Hahaha" ***NO FIREARMS ALLOWED***" Probably won't be going back." Always great service and friendly staff! I just wish they had my favorite video game Big Buck Hunter :-)"  feels like a nice neighborhood bar. Cool model train overhead in the main bar area. Prices reasonable." Good People and good fair priced food !!!  my bar tender is still washing dishes when my friends is ready to pay." Amazing food and friendly staff. We will definitely be back. We shared a pasta dish and the fish and chips. Everything was cooked perfectly and have a very balanced flavor. Would highly recommend. And a true Bloody comes with a beer chaser as well!!" "True Packer Bar. THE place to be if you want to hang out with other cheeseheads. I got to the bar an hour early and the place was packed. There are lots of tv's. The bar also has off track betting so some tv's have the horses on. Our server was not friendly. I don't think she smiled once. She was also slow. I had to go to the bar for a beer later in the game. Our server was nowhere to be found. Other servers around us seemed to be nicer and quick with their orders. I had the grilled turkey sandwich and asked for rye vFJmFFfPVhHkC3bWOeZnNA This is a great place for amazing food and an awesome staff. Even the owners take time to say hi and check on their guests. I had the shrimp and grits and I will definitely order it again.  especially when a packer game is on. Expect it to be busy during football games but they have a ton of seating. Great bar food and beer specials." Good American food! Have not been disappointed ever by the quality of the food. The mushroom cheeseburger is excellent! You can't beat Casey's for pub food. Try the salmon dinner.....best in Phoenix. Great customer service and off track betting available. If they had the MLB package would be even better! We had a great time. The food was great and the server was very nice. We have been going there for ovr 20 years and they are still on it. Customers matter. thank you  that used to take really good care of us at his previous job. The first time we stopped by Juan was our server and he was very friendly and accommodating. We have stopped a couple of other times to say hi to Easton. He is great and always takes really good care of us. We will be back. Food has been good too Hint: try their soups. Really! They are made from scratch and just fantastic! My favs are the clam chowder and the cream of mushroom!!!!!"  and I like how it is not a big ""showey"" bar. It's a great neighborhood spot to go. Just had the buffalo chicken wrap with sweet fries like I always do and not once have I complained. Don't let the exterior let you fool you if you are a city folk."  great atmosphere.. Try the philly cheese steak.. Yummy. Wait staff if very friendly and willing to fit your needs." Every Friday I am here with the company. This place is always freaking good. By far best bar-food - always consistent. Great cheesesteak friendly servers great game atmosphere just spot on with everything will be back  the place was not full and they were not that busy. We had a party of 5 and sat in a corner booth. We sat for roughly 20 minutes and was not acknowledged by any staff. One of the waitresses was pregnant and was waiting on a table right in front of us. She ignored our party several times and didn't say hello  it's preseason and I understand that not every broadcast has it but if you are a PACKER bar shouldn't you have ALL the games?!?! Frustrating... I had a lot of hopes especially moving from Wisconsin but might need to find another pack bar." The songo (bingo with songs played) was pretty cool Shocked at how good the hot wings are at this place.  Decent beer selection including micros and macros.  A great place to watch football this fall and winter.  Terrific service in a very comfortable setting.  a nice bar and killer food on the menu.   This is a Green Bay Packers bar so when they are playing the place is packed. They have TV screens everywhere with all different kinds of sports playing so when their isn't a packers game you can get a comfy spot.  The servers and staff are top notch. They have a train that runs along the ceiling of most of the place.  It's fun to watch.  We love to come here for the yummy drinks (they just added a new drink menu with awesome sounding fruity drinks - YAY!) and their Philly cheese steaks  soups are good. Phillis are huge and great drinks and beer selection."   (jalapeos are optional)and all a hot a gooey delicious mess. The bread is fantastic on this sandwich. They have a great. Homemade spicy mustard wings sauce. They have a nice assortment of beers on tap. They have very good service and personable waitresses. Lots of TVs to catch all the games." Don't pass up Casey Jones if you're in the area!"  pool tables and of course the seasonal games.  This place can get unbelievably packed during the games so make sure you arrive early to get yourself a seat.  Go Packers!"  WI (planning our move to the Phoenix area).  We wanted to watch the Packer game with some fellow cheese heads and this place came up with a simple google search.  It was awesome - flat screens all over "We've eaten here a few times and love it! Good food But seriously this place is a much try and make it your home and local bar/restaurant to go too!" Food is awesome and bar staff is always so nice to me everytime I go in for a pick up! The wings have tasted different the last couple times I've gone though but all in all they are awesome  but that's a fact I'll overlook to have a small taste of the Midwest in the desert!"  i will not be back. I didnt even finish my food hardly expect for the sandwhich and left to finish eating something at home. I was not impressed with this place. $12 for a cheesesteak is way to high for the quality. Maybe they are great for beer Consistently over the years PERFECT ! Great friendly service and the food ALL OF THE MENU... never disappoints! Occasionally when I want a perfect burger or some sick friend is craving one I call here. The staff is always happy even to hand over a take out meal. Please don't ever change! Oh yeah friendly bar and sports tv.  for either a fun date or to take the whole family.  Excellent lemonade." Final bonus big booths to fit an easy 8. And if the surf videos playing or the fake birds in the fake trees are too much for you Note that you have to order sides like fries seperate--which annoys me.  Cheesy decorations...blah blah blah" Burgers are the BEST I have had at any restaurant.  Especially now that they offer a veggie or turkey patty for those watching their weight.  LOVE IT!" Service was just fine. This is a place we'd come back to  because they do the best fish tacos of anywhere I've been.  I always get them on flour tortillas because corn tortillas turn to mush no matter who fixes them.  Daughter and son-in-law had burgers and they raved about them--one had the Kilauea and the other had the Hawaiian.  Great service.  Prompt.  I have eaten at this Islands many times over the past 7 or 8 years  but it's not high on my list.  There are so many more cherries out there." "I went to Islands this past weekend looking for a Turkey Burger...and man they did not disappoint. They substitute all of there beef burgers with Turkey burgers if you like...and man i was so happy to hear that because i don't eat red meat. They have 12 burger selections along with various other items...but the burgers are what you should go for when coming to Islands. I had the ""Big Wave"" burger with Cheese...it also comes with Lettuce  and they keep getting it wrong.  I love the food so I keep coming back "Awful. Everything is way too salty and overpriced. You can get a better burger across the street at 5&Diner. Cool decor  so I'll review.  Fries: 1/5. Chicken 4/5. Prices: 3/5. Service 3/5. Average: 3/5." In my opinion this place is on top of their game in terms of service and food and is a solid burger place in my book."  and gave us the perfect amount of time to look over our menus. My boyfriend got a chocolate shake - mmmmm I should have got one- Delicious. Side Ceasar salad to start - nice and fresh and crisp lettuce - always a plus. We got a Burger and a chicken lettuce wrap for lunch. His burger was cooked to perfection and my chicken lettuce wrap was very tasty. And ofcourse their french fries are awesome aswell . Got our bill- very inexpensive. Great atmosphere  cold beer and friendly service. Chain food yet worth it. And Mondays kids under 12 (I think) eat free!"  but the service was fantastic!  The service is the only reason it's getting 2 stars.  My husband had one of the burgers and he said that it taste like a frozen burger patty.  I had the Kobb salad...It just wasn't good.  We did have the nacho app...Half the cheese wasn't melted It's been at least 5 years since I have been back to this place.  We went just because it was in the area and we were hungry.  The plus side was that I was able to order something that had been taken off the menu AGES ago - The Flamingo (chicken sandwich with honey mustard basically).  The fries were great - and also unlimited.  but I don't think Islands has it. The restaurant itself is very clean and the bathrooms are well kept. The only downside is the acoustics in this place. It can get very loud when its busy and almost annoyingly loud when there are a few kids in the joint." I ate about 1/2 of the burger and asked for the check.  The bartender brought the check and didn't say a word Next time I'll drive out of my way to a close Red Robin. Everything is much better there." Go and have fun now...........!" Tonight my bf and I was here the service was alright the buggers was good the fries was a bit over cooked I think he overheard me talking about Yelp every time he wandered close by." Great burgers and great service.  Love the Hawaiian burger with fresh onions rings.  Alonzo came by and asked if we wanted more iced tea.  We asked if our food would be coming soon.  Soon another waiter stopped by (which we assume was the manager as he did not introduce himself) and apologized for the long delay in bringing our food.  After that either Alonzo or the manager stopped by every 5 minutes or so to see if we were okay.  When the food did arrive "The restaurant has a nice atmosphere. The servers kept up with the waters and soda for our table with out needing to ask. The two people with diet restrictions were able to find healthy options. Actually they thought it had a lot of options. I had the Hula burger with bacon and island reds (fried onion strings). It was great a very tasty and juicy burger. One of our group wished they had different music to match the theme (like Bob Marley  my last visit I changed it up bit.  I was a bit disappointed as I didn't get much blue cheese on my burger.  I'll try it again and hopefully next time there will be more." Sorely disappointed with this chain that lost its way. 4 stars to the waitress who knew how to handle a disgruntled customer. In and Out would have been a better choice."  swiss & mayo. I substitute cheddar instead of swiss. I  also crave the Kona Pie with mocha almond fudge ice cream and Oreo cookie crust. Fun Hawaiian ambiance with surfers on the TVs instead of sports. Easy island escape in this 110+ degree weather!" All in all a solid burger place." I really like the Tortilla Soup and the Wiqui Waqui Chicken Salad.  I also love the atmosphere.   Great place to hangout out with friends or take the family for a rather inexpensive yet wonderful dining experience. I stopped in in May when I was going to buy spices down the street.  Haven't been to an Islands in a while.  Had a very good blue cheese burger.  The service was good.  I got there right after opening time so the place was almost empty to start and only got about 1/3 full by the time I left.  the burger itself was thin and didn''t taste like a good beef patty. the bun and french fries was also meh. the service while friendly seemed a little rushed." I might be back if there is another specific reason or if it is the closest options. Otherwise Definitely recommend stopping by for an awesome burger and fantastic sweet potato fries." "Just found out this location will be  closing on 12/22 and it will missed!  This Islands has been a go-to place for our family for over five years. The service was attentive and  quick even during busy hours.  Great convenient location to have a sumptuous burger with a cold beer.   The revamped kids menu is impressive as well. Islands staff  this is one with the least ""church flow"".  Ya know how those breakfast places always get packed at about 11:30 to 12:30?  That's church flow.  This one - not so much.  Not sure if that's saying something in general about the area's lack of churchiness Service was fine... our waiter was sweet and i was pleased that everything arrived exactly as we ordered it.  3 stars because it's a chain but it's a consistent one at that - I would not hesitate to return!" Now be advised the Pancakes do come in other flavors...but the strawberry one's are fantastic. So if you want a giant sized great tasting version of Strawberry Shortcake...then go and try this new treat at IHOP. Eat  I found myself picking off my son's plate! My husband's omelette was smaller than my son's that we ordered off the kids menu! Weird... just weird. I don't think we'll be coming back. I'll stick with the Good Egg."  usually a good sign. We had stopped going there a few years back because the food was not the best.  They have improved a lot. Yesterday the staff was wearing orange t-shirts to promote a new menu based on the Lorax movie coming out soon. Tried the Green Eggs and Ham with Rooty Tooty Bar-Ba-Looty Blueberry Cone Cake  even with how busy it was. He was prompt and brought out everything we requested right away. Our food was a bit slow to come to our table....35-40 minutes after ordering Daughter and hubby love the New York Cheesecake pancakes..." "We stopped by after a unexpected dental procedure for my wife as she wanted something soft to eat and pancakes filled the bill.  The food was O.K. but our server seemed more interested in us getting leaving.  She took our order and delievered our food with no problem  and the last time I had been to one was not memorable - I just ate there. But this one actually made me rethink my opinion. We went on a Sunday for breakfast cause it was close to the new home and well  meaty bacon for the same price and I NEVER leave hungry. Sorry IHOP you've disappointed me one too many times." Went to have a late breakfast at about 9:30 P.M. Chicken Florentine Crepes were amazing and service was still spot on. Usually that late at night the service tends to wain. Good job and great food.  not very happy they don't seem to have the NY cheesecake pancakes anymore. Hubby was unhappy This is my first five star rating. Our server Miriam was bright smiley and energetic. She did a special order waffle for us and it was delicious! I live the theatrical way she poured our coffee. She even poured our refills!! The facilities were clean and the place was very busy but we were seated immediately. This is our second visit. We will always visit this location when we are in the area.  and by the way... the New York Cheesecake is back : )" "My friends and I come to this IHOP location almost every Friday and Saturday night for the great food and service. I always ask for Ernie because there's no competition and he's simply the best. He's our go to server because he is very efficient and fun to talk to. In addition I was at this part of town and stopped at this IHop for lunch. It was such a pleasant experience with a really great waitress. She had only been working there fo about 8 months. What great service. Thank you so much!  no nothing!! I was very surprised by that. They clearly aren't concerned with customer service whatsoever given their reviews everywhere online. I checked my food when I got to my car and they barely gave me any topping for my blueberry pancakes and clearly didn't understand what ""extra butter and syrup"" meant! If I wanted to deal with them I would've gone back in but I was SO over them by then! If I hadn't been set on their pancakes today I would've gone to 5 N Diner or Denny's!! I know better for next time."  screaming across the reateraunt....and not being polite or respectful to other quests. The thing that bothered me the most is that I told multiple waiters to get a manager to ask them to act like humans  Always late night and always have the same waiter I think this is the best Ihop I've ever been to. Best pancakes I've had in a very long time. I'm extremely picky about my pancakes. Theirs are huge and fluffy. I give it 4.5 stars. Portions are huge. Waitstaff is very friendly and efficient.  What else do you need in a chain breakfast place? Crepes gave me appendicitis.  Ended up in the hospital for two days. 8/10. Would eat there again. Bring lots of sanitizer with you or try not to go to the restroom. Avoid it at all costs. Looks like it was last cleaned weeks ago!"  but we always request for SEAN!!! Hostess says he's always requested and that's because he makes your day and welcomes you like family. He calls my son muscle man and my son always enjoy remember him. I have the same thing all the time and Sean already knows it. So long as he's there and my server we will continue going. Wish there were more awesome people like him!!!" Our server was fast and friendly. The restaurant itself could use a deep cleaning and a remodel due to showing its age."  how do you mess up hash browns. Even the pancakes were not great" "Rude customer service! We sit and wait for someone to acknowledge us. Fifteen minutes go by and I finally ask for a server as no one was coming to our table. They bring our drinks and get our order taken care of. The soup arrives after the main meal because the server forgot about it. The hash browns which are part of the meal never arrive and as we inquire about it the server looks surprised ""Do you want hash browns?"" duh! It comes with the meal.... We didn't have enough silver wear. Our drinks never got refilled and by the time I got the creamer for my coffee was cold. Then the server has the balls to say ""Everyone happy?"" With an attitude. Bad experience! Nick Best dining experience ever!! Service was awesome! Food was amazing!! You should eat here!! "Went in around 130 in the morning and waited for 10 minutes to be seated.  Male waiter took me to my seat and I waited another 10 minutes for him to ask if I wanted something to drink.  After watching him stand and talk with other tables for another 10 minutes I left.  This guy only had a couple tables "Tried to eat here but stood in line waiting to be sat in a half empty restaurant for 10 minutes and finally gave up! At 9 months pregnant Do not waste your time or money!!! The service was fair however when I asked to have my turkey sausage cooked on the well done side I was given a shock!!!! I ordered a side of hash browns and because I wanted well done sausage the cook decided to pluck a hair from god knows where and place it inside my hash browns..... The follicle on the hair was still attached!!!!! So it was intentionally pulled from his body and placed inside my food. Glad I inspect my food before I eat it! .....to the waitress that served us and gave my kids the yogurt Poor service. Waited like 5 mins on a slow night to get seated another 10 for drinks and then waited 27 mins for no Mal. Yes I timed it. Ridiculous  slow service. I wouldn't recommend coming to this location." I understand this much work needs more employees but as customer and restaurant/coffee shop owner it's not customers issues you are under staffed ..." "Only gave 1 star because 0 wasn't an option. Where to begin.. first. Walked in on crutches. Stood in line.  Then finally got a seat. No silverware for anything ordered coffee. Asked for 2 tickets. Made it VERY AWARE that I needed decaf husband even said caffeine will kill her (won't but can't have it for medical reasons) came out we regular and ""decaf"" I confirmed please make sure 100%that this is decaf I CAN NOT have regurlar. Said it was. Trusted that. Asked 5 times for silverware so we can stir our coffee.. I stirred with my finger so that I could actually enjoy my coffee. Nope it was cold.. had to walk up on crutches multiple times and ask for silverware before we got it (after causing a scene). Then 33 min after we ordered we still did not have food. Walk to restroom and came back. Dirty gross bathroom. All 3 other people in my party had their food.. I did not have mine. They brought out mine all on seperate plates. Asked for extra crispy hashbrowns. Mine were the only ones undercooked.  The waitress I couldn't tell if she was new or not An overall we were very satisfied with our meals and service and all for $26+tip"  keep driving a few miles to the next one! I won't return to this location again!"  cheap breakfast. We have been back a bunch of times since then and it's been the same each time. All I can say is Yay!"  and $8 options plus their faithful standbys. I am talking about the Super Bird people the best sandwich for the last 4 decades.  Anyway in this economy sometimes you want to just chill out and talk to your friends and Denny's has always been that and so much more for me. Reunited and it feels so good."  seating both inside and out and the service is great as well. I know Denny's is a chain and most are probably the same to most people...but if your ever near this particular one....give them a try and i promise you won't think it is like the other's. Eat Denny's always available after the club! Cheep food and service! It's what's for breakfast at 230 I'm the morning!! It's Denny's? Good bfast this morning! UYHa5iKUddnZrlxF7taI0Q 9 pm is quiet and the service is great. Food is Denny's good and quick.  I was not able to finish the huge plate full of food. The waitress was exceptionally nice and very efficient. I would come back to this location next time I feel the need for a big breakfast." Food & service is usually really good. Before it was a Denny's. On a busy Sunday there is no place to wait in comfort. The AC sucks & they don't accommodate seating for large families. We waited more them 25min for them to say it will take longer to seat us cause it would be a fire hazard. Sad thing is NONE of us are over weight. They could not accommodate a seating for the baby in a high chair."  it's critical that employees and managers go above and beyond to compensate. That did not happen on this day.  Not even close."  no one even took our order. Only 4 tables in the whole restaurant! We have a baby and a three year old  but the goal of any food service establishment is to make sure customers keep coming back.  She totally failed to fix the situation.  I think it is time to take a break from this place.  The service is not what it used to be two years ago.  I will say that the people working there are very friendly.  Maybe I caught them on a bad night but I won't be back for a while.  Beware the wait time if you dare to eat here!" Food was blah. Nothing special. Kim our waitress brought her kids to work they were seated next to us. They screamed bloodly murder the entire time and every time they did she would go over to them. Your at work not at home. She never came over to check on us or anything more concern about her kids. The hostess service is great. The waitress service is very poor. Had to ask twice for water. we were ignored and mocked. Unless you want to waste time DON'T GO TO THIS DENNYS." It took 44 minutes for our food and the omelet was served with unmelted processed cheese slices. I ordered the Tuscan Super Bird... poorly prepared  I haven't set foot in a Denny's in twenty years.  Now I know why!"  or anything had to ask him for EVERYTHING. then he asked for my visa but the guy never ran it. the food was good actually but the service just isnt gonna fly."  the have recently renovated the place and it is very nice. People hate on Dennys in general but I have never had a bad experience." Service is terrible at this location. We saw several people leave because their food was taking to long. Took forever for a server to take our order and had to wait to check out. Won't come back to this location. First dennys I've seen with a patio. Good costumer service fast.  Typical food you can get at any other one. Breakfast always hits the spot when coming to dennys. The inside is clean but a little clustered with seating close to everyone. The menu they handed me when I walked in felt like it hadn't been cleaned since the place opened. had a horrid odor and I just walked out. if they can't clean their menus how can I expect them to clean the kitchen where they make my food. Food was ok. but the whole place was filthy. Food everywhere when talked to manager the person behind us told the manager how she dirty her table was when she was seated also when she left still was not cleaned. I'm not sure but I at least expect a place to be decent.  This was not at all  make sure that you check that you get those extras while at checkout otherwise you're most likely not going to get them. The weekend staff on Sunday behind the checkout counter makes you think that they hate their lives The staff is real friendly but my eggs are always cold like they got made first and just left there for 10 minutes. "One word.....""DISGUSTING"". The server was clearly not there (in other words out to lunch). You could hear the cooks complaining to servers I love this place!  We have eaten here multiple times and have always had great service whether it's middle of the week or a slammed Saturday morning breakfast. Food is always out fast and hot. Keep in mind it is a Denny's after all and I've been to them all over the country and have to say we love coming back here!  so we dined inside.  Service was good and quick.   Our Grand Slams were just as we ordered." Came for a quick lunch and we were left waiting for about 10 minutes before some one approached  us to be seated. Multiple servers kept passing by and chatting behind the counter and would only say ill be right with you. When we were finally seated our server had such a low voice i could not hear him and had to ask to repeat everything before giving up.... on my order i asked no mushrooms no onions and my food had plenty of mushrooms... and they forgot part of my order.... after getting our food corrected we started eating. Then we waited another 15 minutes after we were done waiting on our bill. When he finally dropped it off we went and paid and the manager made a genuine effort to apologized  1st time ever at a Denny's...i'm ready to go back very soon" Worst service ever I waited for sugar for an hour I asked three different servers to bring the sugar for the coffee with no answer so I just walkout "Our server tonight was amazing very attentive and our food was brought out fast and fresh.  My husband and I both had just gotten off work and normally (no offense) we don't expect much from Denny's but tonight they were amazing.  Only bad thing was the very ignorant person a few tables down from us who kept shouting about how he was a sous chef at a restaurant in Scottsdale.. Kept exclaiming he wanted to talk to the chef after his meal.  slow inattentive staff. Smug manager. Never again!! And sticky dirty high chair that my guest had to wipe down herself! Close this place down!"  not much to expect as is...but I think there is at least a level of servitude you should live up to. Lack of service. Lack of respect. Utterly disgusting. Tables were dirty as fuck. The people didn't look clean. Took 20 minutes to be acknowledged that we were even there at all. Then people were seated and taken orders before us. Why the hell is this even still in business?! Manager looked like damn dunce." "I tried to place a togo order at this location. I say ""tried"" because despite repeated calls over a two hour period tonight Had a yummy grandslam breakfast on my birthday.  Updates look beautiful as does the new menu options.  I miss my crispy Buffalo chicken salad but the chicken avocado salad was yummy.  Wait staff was very pleasant  and we had really great experience once again.  the bacons were burnt so did the English muffins dried and burnt ! The omelette also was not cooked right. They were busy and didn't have enough staff. I don't really like denny's but sometimes I go there but this location was the worst and I would never ever ever go to this location again. Never !!!"  so who am I to say if the chicken is really good or not?!?! I am fine with some fried zucchini or those stuffed jalapeno things or even nachos minus the meat. I remember their wraps as being really good though! Don't confuse the bartender by asking for a foofoo mixed drink. You mill be lucky if they have some flavored vodka. Beer is king here and I seen a many people do Irish car bombs but hey you cant really get those wrong now VpQZo6KV8CqkIG_MRQ3jiA Basically it's a great neighborhood bar to chill and watch some sports on the many t.v.'s and eat good food." Never had a bad time and if I were a fly on the wall Brennan's is a solid spot to catch a game and grab some yummy pub food in a laidback environment." """I've been going to Brennan's for many years now. I decided to write a review since I have stopped drinking. The food during the day shift is always hard for them to not overcook the fried food choices. And don't even bother having a french dip  we love Brennans and we can call it our home away from home." VpQZo6KV8CqkIG_MRQ3jiA "I've recently been trying to find a cool place to play shuffleboard in North Phoenix.  I was trying to find a place to hang out near my bro's house so we could go hang out for a bit and have a beer.  I found Brennan's online and noted that they had shuffleboard.  WIN WIN!!  The review said that the staff was friendly and called you ""honey"" even if it was the first time you had ever been there.  BANG!  sounds like my kinda joint I definitely will go back since the food was good  and just an all around bad attitude. I was just in utter shock how a person that relies on tips for their living could be so rude. Since the last encounter with him "Not many places do Killian's Red in pitchers "Not sure why Brennan's was not on this list.  This a great place if you like laid back dive bars.  We have been going there for 6 years.  On Saturday's they have half price burgers that are phenomenal.  Saturday nights they have trivia.  Pool tables  just as delicious and more local! =9"  etc. Had to basically yell and wave my arms just to get the check...we complained about the service only to get a ""thumbs up"" and a smile then walked away....LITTERALLY. No joke. The manager kept saying he would get our server to us Pool tables need a lot of work but a good neighborhood bar." "BRENNAN'S IS THE BEST! What an awesome place to come and chill with my dear friends. Not to mention the staff is the best. Jaki  Kaleigh and Wayne. I don't ever have to wait long for a drink. Oh yeah and sex trivia on Saturday night is so much fun." Its sad cause I used to go here with all my friends every Monday and this place had good waitresses who cared but like I said earlier these people now don't care one bit. NEVER AGAIN. Thank Jackie for the great experience and hope you can find another dump hole to work in 6 months when this place is closed." Awesome 4 Peaks Kiltlifter on draft and $3.50 Fireball Fridays! Great service from the bartender  the service was good. I have a feeling the food is second to the drinks."  half price Mexican appetizers and $2.00 margaritas on Tuesdays!!" Hmmmmmmm when u walk in there's a mold smell. There is a one stall bathtoom for a pretty big bar. I find that weird.  They claim to have happy hour special which is a quarter off . Seriously ? Why bother ? Seems like alot of regulars come to this barm we r only stopped by cause we r going nto movies next door.  Let me say this place has the saddest rueben I have ever saw !!! See photo. My husband order ordered chicken wings he liked the sauce. We appear to be the only one in the place eating food. The waitress was super nice.  Thanks fpr paying attention dawn .  brunet) answers the house phone and has been talking for 15 minutes as I write this..  ????  WTF..  never coming back.." "Great atmo for a mon. Bartender is nice and they have all the bar games. Ping pong  but it was 3 minutes after last call. The bartender who was kind at first also joined in the banter of telling us to leave. It was a very poor example of customer service. Especially for a group who was hoping to make it their pub of choice close to home. We won't be back."  first time was a little slow but awesome. Second time I asked for no lettuce or tomato on my burger and the male bartender said ""it comes on the side anyways"". Got my burger with the stuff on it. Third time I went in there the same male bartender walked past me three times without saying a word. I had to get up and walk out. Pretty pathetic to be honest." "Closest bar to my home. Decided to stop in for a beer and potatoes skins and wings. The appetizers are great here. Sat down and had drunk friend of the staff show up at our table claiming he knew us. The staff quickly ushered him off but returned a short while later again. The waitress took our order. Asked for two blue moons tall. Returned with beers and then asked if we wanted oranges. We  said yes. Waitress returned with two orange slices face down on a napkin! Ate the great potato skins and wings. Tabbed out I split the bill with my brother we both left two dollars each  the main reason we come here is because of the wonderful bartender Wayne! He's always in a good mood and you can tell he genuinely cares about the people who frequent this place. Thank you Wayne!!" "I come in every Tuesday for enchiladas. I always get amazing food  we had to be visible to her standards. And wouldn't give our cash back after she took our bill. Kept an eye on all of us the whole night and when we would want something she would give us a tone. Also started to clean our table up when we werent even close to being done yet. SUPER RUDE. Our whole table couldnt believe the service we were getting from her. We love going in there cause every waitress we had was a sweetheart but after her I don't think we will be back as much."  and by design with a high occupancy it does not feel cramped ... They have a fun version of sexual trivia on Saturday nights    and all around just clean plain fun.   Love this place.   All the bartenders rock." Dying o our lip 6ty  o k k  I'llo I I o pk ok ll y u u 0 [9)ll)l)loil Kiki ll [I I  but it was early NYE and the place was empty. I feel sick to my stomach. Never again at this place! Stay away from the burgers." VpQZo6KV8CqkIG_MRQ3jiA Many of the patrons that frequent there know each other very well." Great place to go and have a pint or 2.  They have darts ping pong and pool to name a few games.  Drea gave us outstanding service and always with a smile! vWcUrFcweGXAWsil_pfpjw This Whataburger is like stepping onto the set of Cocoon. The average of the diners has to be over seventy.  but that is what they normally do. If you are in a hurry you shouldn't go to Whataburger. They start making your food when you order it I have eaten here several times. The burgers are always good. I went there last night around 9 PM. I order a double meat hamburger. I must say it was one of the best I have eaten in a while. The service was above and beyond what one would expect from a fast food restaurant. The workers were very friendly and offered to refill our drinks. "They make it the way you like it. This location has been solid for a few years. I don't come her often  not too bad though. Can't really say anything for the inside as I haven't been in there in many years." This is one of the friendliest stores Whataburger has.  It's not in the best neighborhood but the employees are outstanding.  Best onion rings. Staff super friendly. Best ever... hot...fresh...delicious... Staff was fantastic... Will definitely return soon  and open 24 HOURS!!!!!!" Give this place a try next time you're considering one of those BIG fast food joints for nasty breakfast! You won't be let down!"  actually.  Green chile burger and chicken strips with gravy both tasted good.  Very friendly service.  Recommended."  I saw the ingredient details online and BARF! Grilled chicken or not the numbers were pretty bad." vWcUrFcweGXAWsil_pfpjw Whataburger does not even come close to In & Out quality so don't be disappointed and because the comparison is not fair." lunch.  I come here all the time.  Always very clean and the customer service is outstanding!!  Much better than any other fast food place!" "Eating a whataburger. It's fantastic. Haven't had one in years. It's a perfect compliment to a football game that may be a blowout. My burger had no less that 8 pickles on it. I'm sick of this one pickle bullshit. The bacon could have been thicker  but this was the absolut best customer service and most polite fast food place I think I have ever been to. The food was good and the prices a little high. I'd go back."  I can't tell if it's because I'm so dabbed out or I'm just truly hungry and the onion rings are always alright with some ketchup My favorite fast food breakfast. Biscuits and gravy are better than any chain restaurant by far.  and the second time there was so much grease that my stomach hurt before I could finish my food.  Service has always been slow I was there last year with my parents and extended family. Service was terrible - slow and rude. I would not go there again.  but wasn't as torturous as I was anticipating." Over all the night was a big disappointment for the money paid. The jokes were corny and the accents difficult to understand. Pete Swartz (female)made it bareable. She was very good in all of her roles so kudoos to her for make the night bareable." So go with the right attitude and expectation  the food arrives more quickly from the Kitchen.  This is a welcome improvement ." Have the gravy and biscuits they were really good along with two turkey patties.  Service was outstanding. Service today he was friendly crisp and efficient.  I had biscuits gravy bacon and eggs; it was a great breakfast.  My wife had the pumpkin pancakes.  stayed on top of service and very friendly. Great prices too. $3.99 kids breakfast and pretty big portions for that money. Only thing Mystery Theater was cute and funny. Food was aweful and very bland.  I don't think I have a place for you because I don't have a full staff.  This was on a Saturday morning and right before the holidays!  He saw me standing and waiting by the door while others were coming in to dine.  He said somewhat rudely ""You can sit down and wait.  I'll be right with you""  I never once was  rude to him and I was waiting patiently while he assisted the lady with a party of 8.   I was shocked by his tone and so I walked out. Never eating at that Coco's!  I found a local cafe down the street and so glad I did."  I woke up early and decided to get a good breakfast before I had to go to work. I sat at the counter and waited almost 10 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge me  french toast and potato pancakes are a good value.  Service was friendly Coco's gong down the same path as Marie Callendars.."  my salad was drenched in dressing with shredded iceberg lettuce. At this point I didn't have time to send back since the babies were getting restless but of course our waitress was no where to be found so I paid up front. The man up front happened to be the team lead so I told him about how I couldn't really eat the salad and he took 25% off our bill so that was handled well. Also  food was bla and cold then the cashier shorted me 5 dollars. My husband called and the lady on the phone didn't care at all. Said the till was short yesterday. I'm writing the company. People are stealing and it's wrong. They should be fired and put in jail. Never again. If you do go here be careful. Count your money before you leave. Don't make a mistake like I did. I learned my lesson that's for sure." I don't have a problem with their good usually (we have been here numerous times) but their service stinks and just keeps getting worse.  We will not be back unless they get new management." "Very poor customer service. Hostess was rude and ignored us when we arrived. When seated finally she had a bad attitude. Also The worst.  Rude servers and hostess' plus the service takes forever to get anything.  The place is run down and smells of food that has been sitting for a while or even gone bad.  I'd rather travel to the next location than eat here again.  It's worth the drive to go to another location. Worst eating experience I have ever had.  We received our drinks right away but after that nothing about it was good.  I ordered the prime rib and my wife ordered an omelet.  After about 25 minutes the waitress came and said we were just waiting on the omelet.  I gave her a funny look and should have known that my prime rib had been sitting out for a while.  When the meals came everything on my wife's plate was stale like it was days old.  The prime rib looked and tasted the same.  The baked potato was the only thing on the plate that wasn't bad.  I will never eat at any coco's after this.  The hostess and waitress acted as if they were doing everyone a favor by being there.  They were rude to the core.  Don't waist your time. Great lunch at coco's today.  Everything we ordered was delicious and service was very good.  Iceberg lettuce wedge was very good as well as BLT. "My lunch here was just okay. Only prob is that I it took so long to get the food here. Not to mention the taste level is pretty much mediocre. Probably even lower. Service here was slow "My mom loves Coco's. So I normally take her every other week. I've got to admit they have a great selection and very tasty! Today for lunch I had the Bacon 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ  you will find some REAL characters. My favorite is the older couples who don't speak to each other but instead read the newspaper. And the trucker guy who says things like ""Thanks little lady"". Not to be rude PS the biscuits look amazing."  this place  is just my speed and we will be back... A LOT!"  but it wound up being my lunch. Most of the dishes range from $6-$9 and they offer lunch and dinner all day long. This is a great place to bring your family  you don't have to wait too long and the service is very good. The regulars are friendly with our son and the food is awesome! I usually get the machaca and eggs This place is great.  I have only had breakfast but the food is sooo good. It's a really small place so there us usually a wait but it'sworth it. Enjoy. : )  this is a tiny place full of regular customers.  The portions are generous and the price certainly is right.  The waitress wouldn't stop asking my 2 year old what the ""Easter Bunny"" was bringing her.  It got kind of old especially since we don't worship Bunnies at our house.  Seating was tight and we got to sit next to a guy having breakfast with his girlfriend and happy to say that his wife was home sleeping.  I wouldn't say that that the clientele all lived in the trailer park but some do.  If we go again we'll try and get there early before the crowds.  The bacon was especially tasty."  he said he got a few funny looks. THis is a great place for basic breakfast faves. Nothing fancy (you're all sort of crammed in there)  but really comfortable and good food." Wear Cardinals gear during football season and you get free coffee!!!!!" I've had better.  That's really all there is.  The service was nice enough but I just don't really care for this place.  I really felt like I was eating in some po-dunk town with all the strange ""characters"" dining here.  At least it didn't make me sick."  and that's it. One of the waitresses was talking about 2 guys sitting at a table talking for over 3 hours - don't be rude "Ya'll come! Friendly down to earth good fixin's and hot coffee! 2 tv's in case you dine alone  peppers and potatoes. It was huge! It was nummy nu mmy in my tummy. The best part is.......wait for it.........they had my favorite coffee ever! Farmer Brothers! I am not a coffee drinker and don't claim to be but I will drink a pot of that Farmer Brothers it is so good! Warning do not order the sausage gravy I look forward to eating there every once in awhile. I love to support privately-owned neighborhood restaurants."  I have been very disappointed with the quality of their food.  I was there yesterday (with my folks) and ordered 1/2 grilled cheese and a bowl of French Onion soup.  My sandwich was cold That's how good this place was."  but salsa was too watery and made them runny. the toast tasted like white bread but they said it was sourdough. the hash browns were the best part of the meal. it was very cramped and there was no clear path to the door. you sit basically on top of other guests - no real space between tables  and there is a good ""vibe"" to the place.  But without the food to back it up So if you are anything like me and like to bring business to people who really go the extra mile to make a difference in people's lives This place is like a step back in time. When food served in a restaurant tasted like mom would make. I eat here mainly for breakfast and iv'e never had a bad meal. The portions are plentiful and the food is good. I'm not talking fancy just good food for the money. They also have awesome meal deals.  country style breakfasts. Very good value since some of the other nearby breakfast places charge much more for smaller portions. Everything tastes fresh (no frozen potatoes!) and the service is friendly. I just wish it was a little bigger inside the restaurant I really enjoy this place. It is always busy and the food and service are great. It's the small town resturant in the big city. I have even tried their lunches. They made a pretty good burger and buffalo chicken sandwich is great. They have great daily specials as well. Friendly ladies too. Thanks Ladies =)" Very friendly staff and a really good chicken fried steak and eggs. Your coffee cup will never be empty." so I thought I would give it a try.I walked in the joint to give it a try and the looks i got when i walked in where enough to make me want to run out I have never seen more racist freaks crammed into a small place in my life  I can no longer count on my expectations being fulfilled.  I feel so CHEATED!  I would much rather see a fair price increase than have to search for a new favorite spot." 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ "Eggs Benedict were good not great. But the staff was very friendly and attentive. Good american breakfast place. Close quarters for seating "Very at home feeling cafe. The staff is bright and smiley. There are a lot of regulars. The food itself is really good if your looking for mom's cooking. Atmosphere is a ""comfortable active"" feeling. I got the corn beef hash plate. Very good. Must try the home fries. All together a very nice quaint eatery. Will return!"  overall it was a great experience and I had a good time just sitting there eating watching the price is right on their 20-year-old television.  I'll be heading back there for sure." Staff was nice and that is what prevents them from going under the 3 star mark." Tina was a delightful server. She took my dietary restriction into consideration and suggested I have the hash browns with my meatloaf. A good suggestion." Love 40th Street Cafe and can't wait to try it for lunch." Blueberry pancakes were very bland.  No flavor at all.  Excellent service however. Love the staff the eggs and bacon were perfect. This is the type of place I'd recommend to bring a family to eat at. I am giving it a 5 great experience.  and the service was great. It's a great neighborhood joint."  she was very friendly and never let our coffee cups go empty.  We will be back!" Great little small local cafe spot for breakfast!"  home fries.  That's what you need to get!! Great service!  Awesome menu!" I doubt I will be able to get Mr. B back.  Once bit  I felt like an outsider because everyone seemed to know each other and the servers. The second time I went-the servers remembered me and welcomed me back. They even remembered what I drank. Needless to say-this a a friendly local place with simple good food at an affordable price. They must be doing something right because there is always a nice crowd of people but you can still get a table. They top off your drinks the entire meal!!  I enjoy this cafe and frequent it often."  disappointing. The food and service were nothing to write home about. I got the Eggs Benedict. The hollandaise was tasteless and coffee tasted like dirt.  My plate was taken away by Tina without being asked if I was done.  The same server didn't even thank me when she gave me my bill.  I would have had better food and service at Denny's." Great selection of food and good prices. Had never noticed it tucked away in the plaza till a friend of mine mentioned it to me. I was not expecting much from the outside but I am glad I went in. I would surly come back to 40th Street Cafe.  The quaint diner feel was so unique and nice... that would bring me back for sure." I opted not to report this to the health department and decided to post to Yelp instead."  all bacon. PERFECT mix of salty and sweet!" "Good food at reasonable prices. This place is the neighborhood restaurant you may remember from your childhood; a great place to feel at home  my server recommended chicken strips which are hand made from fresh chicken and did look delicious on another customers plate. Decor needs a little tidying up. I love the fact that they're honoring our service men and women but it is a little hodgepodge. Worth a visit if you like good food and places that like their regulars enough to know their names!" Bottom Line... I'd definitely go back & I'd definitely recommend to a friend!" Plenty of food at a good price. I look forward to coming back and trying a different item on the menu."  Kim and Tina are the nicest servers in the west!!! Great atmosphere. Delicious ruben and potato salad. You can't go wrong here for lunch or breakfast"  and pecan pie slice purchased to go didn't make it out the door! :)" What a find!  Thank you Yelp!!  We came here for breakfast a week or so ago for the first time and my oh my.  It was fantastic!  My husband could tell it was good because I actually ate all of my scrambled eggs and I rarely do that.  My husband ordered the chicken fried steak.  They hand bread this here and he said it was phenomenal.  Everything about our breakfast was great from start to finish.  This place is tiny and in a little strip mall next to a dog grooming salon.  We will definitely be back! 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ Our usual place was packed so we checked Yelp and found this place. It's not much to look at really. A definite hole in the wall kinda place. Which are the best!  The staff was super friendly and the food was very good.  We thoroughly enjoyed it and will be back. "This place is awesome.  It's a small restaurant in a strip mall.  They have really good breakfast.  I love their biscuits and gravy.  The prices are really reasonable and have great customer service.  It's funny I have eaten at this place 3 times now Definitely worth the visit."  but I suspect they will soon." It is a small place and I was too full to try their homemade pies. I will have to go back next time I'm out here." "One of my favorite places! It is the closest thing to a true diner Arizona and Phoenix has. This place has always been my go to. Great food  but it is just too small and the food is subpar.  With all the other breakfast spots in the area  spoiled/sour but that seems to be the trend  in Arizona.  I would go back for a lunch option but to be honest I would not go out of my way to eat here. It is far from my neighborhood. I only stopped by because I was running an errand nearby." Amazing chicken fried steak. Definitely worth the wait. The gravy and orange juice were really good as well. Even though they were super busy the waitress kept up! "Hidden in a strip mall with all the usual stores you'd find on a busy intersection. All the staff are very friendly and treat you like family. Nothing we've ordered has been extraordinarily great Inexpensive quality and quantity breakfast!!!!!!!! I will definitely come back."  community cafe. Enjoy it for what it is. There are very few left."  reasonable prices and atmosphere. Nuff said." We left happy & full & I'm sure we will be back!!" Homemade pies made by Peggy are yummy to say the least."  but the food was super heavy. Seemed like they had a bunch of regulars. I would say we had an okay experience  i am enjoying the decor American Pride. I feel at home. Service is top notch. The food is amazing."  fast service. They need a bigger place as it does get crowded and noisy." "Quaint little neighborhood place.  I've been for breakfast twice and lunch once.  Their chicken fried steak was not one of my favorites   but some of the potatoes were undercooked.  Service was good. The place was full Don't give it a second thought and try this out once and you'll keep coming back!"  but that makes it more like home. I DO wish they offered fresh fruit...oh  then go elsewhere. This cafe is just that a little cafe with American breakfasts including chicken fried steak and corn beef hash." I have no reason not to give this place five stars. I walked in for the first time and sat at the counter. The regulars were sitting there and struck up a conversation with me. I asked them about the food. They had nothing but good things to say. I had the chicken fried steak or I guess it's country fried steak it was absolutely delicious! There was a lot of food more than enough for me! The eggs were cooked perfectly! This is definitely a place I will return to. Although it is small I absolutely loved the family feel!  the wait for your food even longer.  The waitress spilled coffee on my leg and wouldn't even apologize. The food is average." "This is the friendliest restaurant you'll find in town.  Excellent service and really tasty food. I can't eat gluten and they were willing to substitute fruit for toast. Reasonably priced  huge portions. If you come here just be ready for a different environment. Loved it that on the walls are pictures of veterans. Leave your Scottsdale attitude out the door and just enjoy this different cafe. Enjoy." 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ  not great. It was not quite hot enough. Fries were yummy. Servicer was pleasant.  Looks like a lot of regulars come here as it was always humming." "Just had the #1 breakfast special . It was perfect . The home fries are the bomb ! Tina was my waitress .  She always remember me . And she's efficient   family owned cafe with tasty yummy comfort food that we have enjoyed for years.  Prices are very reasonable for the quality you receive.   Coffee is always hot  etc.  My guest (who'd never been here & to whom I'd highly recommended the 40th St. Cafe) had a similarly mediocre meal.  Maybe an off day for the cook? I still like the diner vibe and the service is just fine  funny and make you feel very welcomed. Highly recommended." The search for our favorite weekday breakfast place continues : )" You may especially like it here if you are from the Midwest. I know my husband loves the 40th Street Caf for that reason. The caf has a pleasant small town feel  and awesome food. My wife and I were looking for a nice homey place in the big city and found it here. The place is always packed though that never deters the wait staff from taking time to check on us  menu carries the usual favorites and then there's a section of customer faves. Small and crowded but you're made to welcome and part of the crowd. Food great- this place is a treat!" The food is delicious and they have the best biscuits and gravy. The eggs are never overcooked and the bacon never undercooked. The community atmosphere is reminiscent of small town diner familiarity. You can't help but feel it as soon as you walk in the door. I'm always running into friends who love this place as much as I do. The waitresses and staff are always friendly and accommodating when I come in with large groups of people. It is definitely  worth the wait on the weekends. 5 stars all the way. Love the food and family atmosphere... They know you by name. I recommend everyone go here.  which is unusual for me to do. My husband ordered the chicken fried steak skillet and it was huge and full of flavor! We would pick this place over the trendy & loud brunch spots any day of the week.  Planning to make this our 'regular' spot."  so if want to dine outside on a beautiful day you'll need a little luck. The staff was very friendly and attentive - my coffee cup was never empty! Food was presented well and tasted great. Everyone at our table enjoyed their meal and agreed this cute little place is a gem. Definitely recommended." 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ  biscuits and gravy!!! All sooooo good and the staff was so friendly. I can't wait to try the pancakes next time." My new #1 breakfast stop. Great hash browns with peppers and onions. The never ending cup of coffee is just that with the great service. We were really made to feel at home. Thanks again!  acknowledged me and she brought the food in no time. I also ordered bacon instead of ham on my sandwich which wasn't in menu and she did it for me. Very satisfied with my visit will be back for sure." 