Good for 1-3 hours of summertime fun." "Went here yesterday to experience what it's like in an indoor waterpark. Overall it was nice except everyone had to exit the water not once but TWICE. Let's just say not everyone swimming doesn't have bladder control. Anyways  he just loves a party especially if it involves water.  I think this place is a great party idea and of course you can come anytime as they're open all year............the perks of an indoor water park.  I've had great experiences here but my last was a little different as the chlorine seemed to be at a higher level than normal  we were asked to exit the water for 30 minutes while the chlorine worked its magic on the *contaminated* water.  Perhaps it was this experience that really turned me off We went on a Friday and it wasn't too busy. We all had a wonderful time until the end. We were in the womens locker room and even though they had a family locker room there were little boys there about 6-7 years old changing in the room too and one walking around with no clothes on. I had my little sister and did not appreciate it at all. When I talked to staff all they asked me was if they had autism? It doesnt chnge anything.Come on there was a family bathroom right there. And they didn't seem too concerned about my complaint. And the bathrooms were nasty. But if you don't use the locker rooms or bathrooms it is good. T-aIp7pFkZbL71CJAZ9SJA  etc. The bathroom  changing areas get full fast and maintenance can't always attend to them as often as needed."  I think it's a fantastic option for those days when you're kids as out of school and you just want to read the internet....or a book." 7. Water temperature perfect."  and were the only people there for a while. Kids had a great time. It was perfect for 4 year olds. Once it got crowded we left though."  not even getting my my face wet and my eyes were burning. I think it's a cute facility that is better suited for younger kids.  They have so much packed into a small area. I didn't find the fees as a Meck Co resident to be ridiculous either. The facility does provide some vest as well I have not been back since the new company took over last year."  it will be torturous. You will wait in lines. It will be worth it only if you're on magic mushrooms. I fully endorse that." Go during the week; the lines are shorter and there are less drunken rednecks sweating over your shoulders." The best part of the whole adventure for my sister and I was talking the niece into going on the log flume ride. She was nervous that it would go fast and that she might get wet What does Carowinds have going for it?  Its proximity to Charlotte and an option for something to do for a day during the summer.  Other than that It's great for kids if you don't mind spending all of your time surrounded by other's crying screaming kids in kiddy-land or in the over-rated water park. Speaking of the water park - why is inevitable that when you finally get up to the top of the slide something breaks? This park always has something breaking mid-ride. There have been tales of people stuck on top of the Drop Zone for hours- not sure how true that is."  the rain killed it though. Nothing too spectacular here that I couldn't experience back home. I definitely appreciated the short lines but it was kind of annoying going on a school day...teeny boppers galore." I haven't been to Carowinds in years.  We went once as a family day trip and a few times in school.  My favorite part was the guess your mph pitch game.  We couldn't care less if we won a prize (we never did) we just wanted to see how fast we could throw.  I guess around twelve yrs old we threw in the forty mph range.  AND WE FELT LIKE GODS.  Right next door was the ice cream sundae stand where you could get your dessert in a mini baseball batting hemet.  I still have all those helmets.  O there were the rides.  Back then the Carolina Cyclone was the new coaster with a loop and two corkscrews.  White lightening was a simple one loop and up a hill and then again backwards.  I always liked the swings.  Maybe because it was beside the ice cream sundae stand.  They had Rip Roaring Rapids which was a little float going down a little river with water splashing everywhere.  And for some reason we waited 2 hours to ride this each time.  Im sure none of these rides exist anymore but back in the day it was great.  Me and chickie ended up living a couple of miles from Carowinds a few years ago but had no desire to visit.  and Nighthawk (if you're willing to wait).  Carolina Goldrusher is good for those who are not into high thrill coasters.  Vortex is also fun  and well worth the admission price." It was really exciting when other Asians saw us and we thought the same thing  Carowinds is a decent theme park with great roller coasters and bearable surroundings. If you spend the whole day there and enjoy the roller coasters Another interesting feature is crossing the state line while in the park - it was pretty neat to be in both states at once (one foot in one  but you can print out tickets plus parking pass all at once. We got an online discount which saved us a bundle from the full admission price."  t-shirt and slippers would also help save some bucks as you wont need a locker thats costs 10$ and 5$ deposit." They're is PLENTY of people watching going on and all in all we had a great day we were there for almost 7 hours so we were all tired and let's say some got a little sunburned....me :("  food and entertainment. there's lots of parking and its a great place to spend the day with the family and or friends. the water park is fun too! there's something for everyone to do and this is in my neighborhood. literally right down the street from my house so in the summer time i can entertain guests by taking them here." True this place doesn't have near the crazy awesome thrill factor as say Cedar Point Your best bet is to get a season pass....you would be crazy not to get one. Regular admission at the gate is $51.99 and that's not including the $10.00 you had to pay to park. A gold season pass (which includes free parking and admission to SCarowinds) is only $79.99 ($69.99 if you buy 4 or more). I should be a sales rep for Carowinds the way I speak so highly of them. I guess I took away a star because during the summer months Fun for everyone over 46 inches! Great place to cool off in the summer. Water park- coasters. What more can you ask for. Season passes are well worth the money. The only thing that I'm not pleased with is the cost of food and drinks. I recommend eating before you go. The only recommendation that I would make would be to open up the picnic area for those who want to bring in their own food for lunch. We brought our lunch and ended up eating it in the (air-conditioned) car as you aren't allowed to bring food into the park. Now having a large picnic area that no one is using seems like a huge waste of space to me. Either open it up to the public or bulldoze it and put in another roller coaster."  we're done--OMG NO WE'RE NOT"" moment." this is one of the better theme parks.  it has some really great rides and is very family friendly.  it has the southern charm from all of its employees.  it is a fun place to stop and play for a few hour.  you can do almost everything in the park in half a day so it makes it nice if you have pass to go and just spend a few hours.  if you like theme parks this is one you need to go to. Went Saturday for the first time in forever.  100 degrees felt like 120 on all that asphalt.  Thankfully they were giving water away all day because food prices are out of this world.  We did pack a cooler for lunch but ended up financing someone's retirement with an afternoon snack at Chick Fil A in the park.  There were a couple of coasters that were new to me.  The water park was too crowded to enjoy.  All in all an enjoyable day but glad to see my driveway at 130 in the morning.  Park was fun and lines werent extremely long.  Food was horrible and overpriced.  The best part of the day was watching Snoopy on Ice.  Great show and air conditioned.  Will go back in another twenty years.  lines are much shorter and you can take your time. drink plenty of fulids! get a souvenior cup and figure out the cheapest place in each section to refill. in 2011 the boomerangbay huge container was around $15 but you could refill it near the kids park for less than $2!!!! a great value!" "What a fun time at scarowinds!  You can tell they put a lot of effort into it and nothing beats being at a park at night. Only problem I had was only you couldn't find anyone selling hot chocolate and no one knew where you could. 45 degrees outside and no hot drinks for sale?  Need some work on that  I had the best night of my life with my friends ( and scarowind buddies XD) ! Obviously I went at 6pm and left at 12 am means it was awesome! So I can't wait for next year Scarowind! Love love this theme park!!!" Carowinds is fun.  It is a little small compared to some parks I have been to.  There is a lot for everybody.  Just not for me.  Check it out if you are in the area.  It is a unique place in that it is the only park in the nation that is in two states (NC and SC).  Some of the rides even cross that border.  Quite interesting if you are into that kind of trivia." Ride the Intimidator. Some say to visit the great wall of China before you die...I say tide the Intimidator. All in all and great time for all. And I'm sure at some point in the future I'll be spending another balmy summer day at Carowinds." Be sure to pack your own water and sunscreen.  They charge you an arm and leg for food (and just about everything else including parking).  Have fun!"  but definitely not with just my wife and I. If other friends or family came to town at some point and I knew they were into these kinds of rides I'd be willing to shell out the cash to visit again Great park for family fun. They even host music festivals there which is fantastic. Something for everyone for sure!  we would take that money and head to Myrtle Beach instead." This was supposed to be a fun family day and it turned into a bigger headache than anything. We will not be returning."  strawberry that is. the  tickets are reasonable but so worth it. carowinds is amazing Avoid! Go to Wet n' Wild Emerald Pointe Water Park instead!" All in all a pleasant surprise and worth a trip if you can find a good deal."  but I definitely enjoyed the shorter lines. The park seemed cleaner than I remembered it being a few years back and all of my interactions with the workers were pleasant. I am always thankful for the free cups of water. My only complaint is that there is little to no shade in the entire park."  it seems I found that coaster freak again after all. Catch you in the Carowinds ride lines." "We were there the week of the big heat wave hitting the east coast at the end of July 2011. On our way home from our week long trip from Orlando we decided to stop in NC and visit Carowinds. Very glad we did. I would have to say the kids enjoyed the day we spent at Carowinds as much (if not more) than our trip to the Magic Kingdom. It was a work day Most of the rollercoasters seemed to stop way too short to actually get any enjoyment from them."  the little kid inside me comes out and play. The coasters are awesome and worth the wait. I suggest going during the weekday when the park first opens up. Most rides have very little to no wait. Boomerang Bay is great too. My advice: be prepared to get a wedgie on the black body tube slide."  but I can't imagine summer without Carowinds." Awesome rides!!!!! Both children and adults rides were terrific! We went on a Friday and there were no lines! What more can you ask for? Hope your family has as much fun at Carowinds as we did!" The only plus was that we had very limited wait times (the park was not that crowded).  The longest we had to wait for one of the coasters was around 20 minutes - and I am sure that would be longer if we came during the summer months."  shocking since they're a bunch of teenagers working for the summer! But if you want a fun way to get the blood pumping  you can use it for both this theme park and Kings Dominion.  Can't beat that."  so the only 2 parks in the world that would be 5 stars are the Magic Kingdom and Cedar Point in Ohio. For a regional theme park this place was awesome. We bought the Platinum Pass and are using it at Cedar Point and Kings Island this summer  this is a confusing park to navigate & it is desperately in need of signage!  I overheard others having the same problem.  Specific problem is the incredibly poor customer service attitude.  No one can answer a question.  We had to speak to 4 different people to enter and to buy two upgrades.  And I cannot tell you how confused they are in Cinnabon...oh my that was just ridiculous! Poor Carowinds in my opinion is crap. Poor customer service in all parts of the park. Managers of the park know this and they dont do a thing about it. Six flags a few hours away is so much better. Carowinds for that they offer is not worth the drive or the money. The food is very pricey and its not that great. Carowinds is a fun place.....where else can you spend $4 on a bottle of water?! Carowinds is a great time I have taken my kids often. There is a pub across the street from Intimidator ride on Carowinds Blvd called Drunken Goat if you bring in your ticket stub they will give you 50% off an appetizer!  I made that mistake and got my brain fried.  But if you pick decent weather this is so fun!  I love the big watersides!" "We went during an extremely hot Saturday in August so I would not recommend going at that time but that is the only time we could do it so we made the best of it. It was incredibly crowded and they warn you on the website not to go on Saturdays but again we had no choice and wanted to take our two kids 13 and 15 year olds to do the coasters. I have some tips that we found that will hopefully make your trip more enjoyable. They do offer fast passes but they were $40 extra on that day(different prices at different days) so x4 that was not happening for us. one thing we found out that if you ask for a large cup of ice water (instead of the tiny tiny ones they first offer you) they will give you the larger ice water cups for free! Otherwise Fun tip - a whole pizza costs $11 but a slice costs $7 Im done w this place."  but I think I have either grown out of themeparks or this one just didn't do a go job of re-instilling the magic of them."  so we went hungry. We had our eyes set on going on the Intimidator and the Hurler but at 5:30 sharp security started shunting us out so the park could prep for Scarowinds at 7 pm. We had a fun time playing the carnival games and the few coasters we could get on  for I had terrible vertigo for the remainder of the afternoon.  Not a very wise decision for someone who suffers from motion sickness.  :(" This is a great park and absolutely a must do if you are in the Charlotte area. Very comparable to Cedar Pointe and more affordable." Park isn't very clean. Bathrooms are filthy and smell awful." - The staff can get a little obnoxious with their scaring attempts" Guest services said we don't need a wristband and they restaurants said we did.  We had a printed voucher that we paid for that wasn't honored.  $150.00 mistake (5 people).  It pretty much put a huge damper on our whole experience there.  Also we went to Dinosaur alive at 7:10 and they were already closed!  Nowhere on the dinosaur tickets we purchased does it say anything about that time!  We would have had a great time if we were better informed and people there knew how to do their jobs." A little expensive but a load of fun! Absolutely love carowinds! Bring the family and spend the day it's so much fun!  as were some others in the park that day. This has happened to me several times at Carowinds and I really don't understand how their coasters malfunction daily I'm glad I can check another amusement park off my list  then this is the place for you. no other entertainment was available while we were there. off season I guess. won't make the 3 hour drive again from Charleston. would rather drive a little further and go south to universal. much better value for money spent." Preferred parking is only $10. Bring your own chow and have a great time." Im not a rider but I love how my kids have a great time. I think their rides are great and just enough for their age range. I love how it also only takes me about ten minutes to get there. A great place to end the day with my kiddies... If you are going to visit one time. I do recommend getting the ""fast lane plus"" option as the lines were an average of 1 hour each. Fast lane plus made everything a walk on. And front row preference on most rides."  2 orders of chicken wings that were the smallest flavorless wings we have ever had We did the Walk with the Dinosaurs and it was pretty disappointing. The attraction is very poorly maintained. The landscaping was haphazard and all the water elements were dry UPDATE:  That nice guy Jerry?  Just another CS liar.  Promised to make my daughter happy with future Carowinds experiences and reneged on every single promise.  Not happy with this place.  They won't be getting our money next year  they also refused to do anymore to compensate me. This also wasn't an emptied manhole  no doubt. The people are nice enough. The group hospitality is very good with great brisket and chicken. They make you feel welcome. Just enjoy it."  mostly because we luckily came to the park on a Sunday that apparently wasn't very popular and thus didn't have to wait very long on any lines.  Had we come on a ""normal"" day "DO NOT BUY THE MEAL DEAL AT THE PARK OR ONLINE. I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THE MEAL DEAL.  At 30 bucks a person YOU think it will save on eating costs. ..NOPE you get 5 places to eat at and YOU do not get to choose what you eat the employee failed to mention this. NO healthy coices from the 4 things you can eat and DRINKS not included. Carowinds made 20 bucks off us cause after 2 meals each of crap pizza and nasty ""chicken"" fingers we gave up. DO NOT FALL FOR IT. Otherwise it is an amusement park full of wild children and crazy pushing people. Not like I remembered as a kid. Prepare to see a chiropractor cause rides are old or whiplash causing. The intimadator bout killed me whoa. Employees were nice cept for meal deal scam lack of information kid. And the park restrooms  WERE A NIGHTMARE. So nasty. Save your money go to Dollywood way nicer crowd and their meal deals have real food  choices. Thanks Carowinds but never NEVER again." "Carowinds is a wonderful amusement park and water park.  It is small enough that you can ride every ride in one day and large enough so you are never bored. Buying a Gold Season Pass is the way to go.  After 2 visits you have gotten your money's worth. Parking is free with the season pass  especially once the two new slides open up. Carowinds also provides job opportunities for young teenagers starting at the age of 15! Most of the employees are relatively friendly except for the Wings restaurant. Everyone is grumpy there. But at least they give a good amount of fries. Wish I had more time to experience the WHOLE park! I went from 11-7 and only got through 3 4 of the park. (Note: rode The Intimidator twice within 20min)" FYI: The all day dining pass dose not include any drinks at all  although the tickets were very expensive compared to other theme parks I have been to. Rides were pretty fun Great rides! I have always loved carowinds. I like it better than universal studios. I think the rides are better at carowinds. The only thing is they are a little pricey but they do run deals sometimes. Most amusement parks are pricey anyway. I'll definitely be back! The negatives and positives kinda balance each other out. The best part is watching your children smile and have fun (in between heavy applications of sunscreen). The best part for me was at Harmony Hall. A large air conditioned food court where live bands play. Yes my brisket platter was $14 "Went today for the first time in a long time.  Not as great as I remember but definitely worth it.  There were quite of bit of rides.  We are traveling and there is a kennel for the dog.  The price was 10 dollars for the dog you jave to walk it and feed it but they will give it water.  The pens are small for large dogs  courtesy and the customer is always right b c they just dropped a freakin mini fortune on this crappy amusement park that post hours of operations for stores and restaurants as suggested times. And you only get 1 star because I couldn't leave it blank"  my kids have fun and we have season passes.  I am yet to make it to the Halloween Scarowinds but heard that was the best.  The waterpark is cool.  My only complaint is it is very pricy.  I think it's like $4.00 for a bottle of water. you can't bring your own food in there. One time we went there and rented a carriage and got some drinks and my husband said Definitely stop in if you are in the area. I will be back at some point!"  evidently it's worth money to wait in like to be told you're too fat to ride." "Had our bags stolen when we were required to leave them in unattended cubbies to go  on a ride. Park was beyond rude and unhelpful about it. Food is expensive and nasty. Make sure you put your things in a locker since the park does not watch or care about your belongings. If the park is demanding you leave your belongings  funnel cake and a Panda Express.  Buy the premium parking and eat off the park TIP (the best tip you can ever get here): go to ANY concession stand (that has a fountain) and ask for a COMPLIMENTARY ICE WATER. For liability and your safety Over 100$ worth of money spent to only have been there for a little over an hour. It was a waste of my day time and money. It was my wife's birthday and instead of being able to enjoy the day we had to leave because of the issues from the ride malfunctioning. A day looking forward to having some fun turns into a damn headache. It's sad when a park can only give you a drink for compensation." n9iK0s1dKxv5JLi3u1eTkQ My wife and I bought tickets online in advance to the park. We came on Halloween night for Scarowinds. Well we were here for 30 minutes before rain and lightning came. We went to guest services and they told us there are no refunds. If you plan on going to this park make sure to check the weather or kiss your $$ goodbye.  but the park layout is kind of all over the place. It is a lot like King's Island in Ohio although I would say King's Island definitely has the winning edge. Favorite coasters were Intimidator and Afterburn."  realistic scary experience ever and the lines go fast!  I will go every year and I LOVE HALLOWEEN!!!" The theme park of the Carolina's that is made for each member of the whole family. They always have new rides every year. Always check out the Sky tower when you check this place out. It may not be Six Flags or Disney world but it is a lot of fun. Its opened from March till November. "It is a re really great place to go out for a day and just enjoy the thrills of each ride. They have rides that are suitable for all ages and for all types of thrill seekers  but lines are too long for 65 year old with bad feet. Today was sunny with temps at 81. Thank goodness for stiff  breezes and intermittant shade or I would have had to drop out of line. Might have to by pass these two headliner rides next trip. I had  my shirt pocket bottoned down but came open during Fury run and my small credit  card holder flew out near end of ride. Very helpful employees checked accessible area and found it  but it's a really cool experience to feel like you're flying. Don't ride it if you're claustrophobic. 3.5 5" Fury 325 was an great experience once we got past the 3+ hour wait. I imagine it's just going to be worse the rest of the season.   For a smallish amusement park Parking for the day is $15.00."  but pack a picnic lunch and tailgate."  is unacceptable. There s not much to do aside from the rides for young kids- unless you pay extra for entertainment- and the layout of the park is terribly confusing and poorly planned. The water rides were not in operation either- which should have been reflected on their website. Due to the complete lack of water fountains  and a drink for two people.  The new Fury 325 ride is awesome.  I have never been on anything so fast before in my life.  Bring a couple dollar bills since the new ride has 0 cubbies for you to put your bag or things in when you get on the ride.  They make you rent a locker for that ride.  Once you get going down the hill all your worries will disappear.  My favorite ride is still the Intimidator.  Great fun  we had a great time and will definitely go back since we have the season passes.  My only piece of advice is if you don't want to shell out the money for the fast passes then make sure you go on a rainy day My biggest complaint from my trip to Carowinds would be the fact there are ZERO signs around the park to point you in the direction of a certain ride you may be looking for. In every other amusement park that I have ever visited they always have tons of huge signs or ""street signs"" pointing in multiple directions for all of the different attractions. They have maps at the entrance so be sure to grab one."   first I spent the extra money for the special parking but it was no where to be found i even asked security where it was at he had no clue likely it wasn't super crowded.  Then we paid and we attempted to go on multiple rides but half of the rides were down.  Every person that works here is about 18 and under I swear they are all young and they are rude no professionalism what so ever at one point they were arguing over the microphone.  I would never come back here I'll stick with six flags" Brought my family here and it was a lot of fun.  I did not have any expectations. Our 5 year old stayed busy & entertained. The water park especially made a hot day pleasant.  and Boomerang bay also has a great area for little ones. The one serious problem I have encountered is charging $18 for a small locker at Boomerang Bay $23 for a large. Even if I had $18 extra dollars to spend no way would I pay for that! Very frustrated." All said it is an okay place to go for locals but I would not drive out of my way to go. We live close so it works out for us." Overall the rides are mediocre and you won't get to ride many because of extensive lines (we made it to 5 in 10 hours). The majority of the rides are identical to those at Kings Dominion in Virginia   and rode about 4 coasters. So it wasn't too incredibly packed. Robert at dippin dots was extremely nice and helpful to us and we weren't even purchasing anything from him. He supervisor at ""The Juke Box"" where we purchased a beer was not very polite at all. His name was Jordan. Maybe he was just having a bad day  my 7 yr old loved it but the downfall is half the sensors didn't work until you were at the next dinosaur. The Fury 325 according to the kids was so scary they loved it I will not be reviewing it anymore because I'm not going on it LOL sorry. We had a great time Snoopy area was the only rides my son could ride he's 50"" :  the girls had a blast they loved the Nighthawk they loved the fact that they went upside down. we didn't hit the water park or water rides. They shut down the ""high"" rides about 9:30pm due to the weather. Lots of rides if you go after 4pm you will not have enough time for all the rides. it would take a couple of days to go on all the rides pick a cool day and spend the whole day there. the food is expensive we spent about $40.00 on a hamburger Had an awesome time with my church family. The park was full of adventures. We got there early therefore it wasn't long waits for rides. We had 5 bus loads however the entry was very smooth. Most of the crew enjoyed the water park which was very packed but eventful.  it's not horrible for a large theme park but some little changes would make a huge difference..."  but when you wait for 1.5 hours only to be told roller coasters are suspended due to weather and then are told it will be another 3 hours before they are back on...you'd expect some sort of return pass if you decide to leave. Instead If you found this review helpful My family of four and my in-laws have had season passes for the last few years. This amounts to about $600 between the six of us. Now I understand that this does not include the food we buy and the drinks by when we are at the park. We are beginning to believe that our money might be better spent On a different kind of vacation for the family."  we are used to the best coasters on the planet at cedar point. These were very comparable. The fury war awesome. So was the intimidator and night hawk. We will definitely be back."  i will continue to come.  They are expanding the water park next year.  The  water park is already big"  magnets and the list goes on and on. The food was kind of high for what it was but that is a commonality of most theme parks. Now for the rides... the coasters are plentiful and you will not be disappointed. There are also a nice selection of carnival type rides as well.  The employees were nice for the most part with an exception of when you ask for a glass of the free water that they announced numerous times over the loud speakers as perk on a hot day. Seemed as though it pissed off the teens working the drink concession stands. There is also a nice water park attached to the park that is included on the ticket price. This is a great park and you will not be disappointed!"  but I can't say that it is a place that you'll want to go all of the time. Although there are some downsides "Apparently I'm still a kid at heart and more of an adrenalin junky than I remember. Visited the park for the 1st time in many years. Love the new entrance with the Fury 325 greeting you as you approach. Ok If you are within 200 miles from Charlotte I suggest you do visit this place atleast once."  within certain areas. Food options have increased and improved with fresher foods and a wider variety of choices. (Expect to pay tourist prices everywhere within the park.) Parking is not free  will gladly pass up Kings Dominion and travel the extra distance to come here. That's how great of a time I had."  BUT they make you PAY for a locker! I bought a souvenir cup and then had to pay again to put it in a locker to ride Fury! Never have I had these problems at Carowinds until this year! They need to visit other parks and take a few pointers on guest service. Contemplating on whether I'll even go back again. The only reason I give 2 stars is because the coasters are great and I have great memories of visiting here when I was little. I even remember being able to pick where I sat on Intimidator. So sad Carowinds has become such a disappointment. Plus don't even try complaining to guest services. They could care less about your complaints and then tell you some bs excuse." The rides are great and Scarowinds around Halloween is super  fun and unique. The day is ruined however when the park closes and it takes over an hour and a half to just leave the parking lot. It's unsafe and irresponsible of the park. This is a frustrating and possibly illegal practice (admission confusion is a common problem at other parks too) and something hope Carowinds will change to better serve their customers."  spend the money on the fast lane or don't bother. It's only open from 7pm to 1am and you won't make it on more than 3 rides." "I drove from Roanoke Rapids to go to your   carowinds park.  I arrived there at 3:09 and rode  ONE ride headed to ride another ride when the guy that was operating the ride asked what time it was. I replied 4:15 and he said the park will be  closings at 5:30. My family and I went to customer service  because we were not  told that the park will close early when we went through the scan person and ticket persons line. We asked them when we arrived and they answered ""we are opened to 1am"". Custom service said ""we have to pay for another ticket"" and one of the ladies  that worked in guest services said ""that sucks"". WHAT DOES THAT MEAN.!!!!!.  We sadly  LEFT with extreme disappointment! I will not recommend anyone to go to the park. What a waste  or overcrowded parks. We were not the only ones upset with the experience and heard many negative comments while walking through the park.  But instead of limiting entry and trying to create an enjoyable atmosphere for their guests Deceitful business practices. Will never comeback and will always talk this place down to anyone thinking of going." "My partner and I drove 4 hours to come to this park and got to the park a little after 10 they had all the rides going but then shut all the good roller coasters down around 11am. They said due to wind factors however the wind was not even blowing strong the day we visited the park. The park is mainly ran by a bunch of teenagers who don't know anything about good customer service or how to operate the rides. On the pirate ship ride the teenage boy who was operating the ride had no idea how to stop the ride or allow our lap bars to release. Instead of realizing the lap bars after the ride finally stopped he then made them tighter as everyone was screaming at him telling him he was not loosing the lap bars he finally realized what he was doing. The rides are extremely old and safety precautions are not taking seriously at the park. They would be better off with signs posted ""ride at your own risk"" the service at the restraints and gift shops were horrible. This is by far the most rude and unsafe park that I've ever been too. I would definitely not take your family. My suggestion is to look somewhere like Dollywood in Pigeon Forge  or just passing through and have the time money Having been to many amusement parks n9iK0s1dKxv5JLi3u1eTkQ We'll be back again later in the season when the water park opens. Thanks Carowinds!" ive been in a few adventure theme parks and this for sure was the worst of them all!" "I really enjoy the rides at Carowinds! My friend and I arrived at the park last Saturday around 9:30 am. The park wasn't open yet but we were allowed to go on in. We immediately got in line for Fury because we knew the line would be crazy long later on in the day. I'm glad we did that because we weren't waiting in line long at all. Fury was amazing!  That first drop is like no other roller coaster I've ever been on. Up until about 2 pm the lines weren't long. The wait was maybe 20 minutes at most which was great. However We spent the afternoon there and this has been my experience: too expensive for what you get.  that speaks to a much larger problem with the park. I don't remember these things happening at Universal or Busch Gardens or any of the other parks I've been to. Next time I want a coaster fueled adrenaline rush I will save my money and find a cheap flight to Orlando." "Such a blast!  We grew up going and returned recently. I have to say it's only gotten more fun! The new coasters like the intimidator and the fury put the older ones to shame! Definitely download the app and use it for wait times and deals on tickets "Go during the week and the lines are a breeze! No fast pass and my husband and I hit all the major rides in under 3 hours. And we stopped for ice cream in between. Most of the complaints about this place are from people that don't go to amusement parks often. There's never a refund due to weather  I can send my employees on a great outing and all Carolwinds wants is equal value to give to their season pass holders. The problem....you will never see your part of the trade and calls emails will get ignored....for being such a large company Cedar Fair does not understand B2B"  but my girlfriend loves them so I find myself here more often than not. We took advantage of the season pass which is a great deal if you plan on going more than once or twice. I can't compare it to other amusement parks but I will say this. The park is always clean  I am really really disappointed Carowinds.  We were planning on spending practically all our summer there but I'm not sure I want to ever go back.  :(" It takes forever to go through the bag check. They should have more people checking especially on their busy days. The prices for food and souvenirs are extremely high. They really need to think about revamping the park and focus on guest service. They need to bring in someone from Disney to show them how it's done."  Saturday. The lines were surprisingly not too bad. The only thing I hated was the lack of shade." wonderful park for all ages.   we spent entire day.  the best part asides from the fun was the free water! Worst food ever got sick.  Will never go back to the park. I didn't expect the best food in the world but I didn't expect a burger that tasted like I was biting into playdough with seared sides. If you don't care about the food what else do you not care about.  so I can't help but compare this to 6 Flags which is my favorite roller coaster place. This one has less roller coasters Waterpark only...its very cool for 2016...I love it here...traffic  the only problem and finding a chair lol.  I am fortunate to cherish fond memories of her here at Carowinds. This is where I grew up and it never gets me old..." Good luck on your visit here. Fury325 is an awesome coaster  c'mon!!! Maybe I'm spoiled by the Charleston County water parks 2.5 hours down the road but I would happily put that money in my tank and make a day trip. Small loan needed aside  I went to guest services and explained the situation they were very very understanding and gave me another ticket. I believe the women's name was Lisa who helped me and her supervisor Caleb. I love this place (from the little I saw) and truly appreciate what they have done for me. By allowing a rain check ticket so I can come experience it fully."  and it can take hours before you are able to participate.  Each game is about fifteen minutes long and the setup is fairly large This location has moved to 10403 Park Rd Charlotte NC 28210. Once again the staff was very nice and polite."  and coats and the staff put our food that we brought in the fridge for us. The goodie bags for the kids were full of fun stuff the kids loved.  We ordered pizza and soda and although there was a mixup with the soda (it wasn't delivered) the staff promptly provided a substitute. Everything moved right along. I knocked off 1 star because we had some kids in our party who struggled with getting their packs on in the dimly lit room and it may have been helpful to have an additional staff there to help instead if just 1 who kept telling the kids they were old enough to know how to do it themselves. That definitely turned some of the parents off. Otherwise it was was a great experience and the birthday girl had a blast!" Took my nephews out here with my mother. All four of us had a great time. It's great exercise and fun for the kids. After you play they give you a print out of your scores. They also do for birthday parties too. The staff also play sometimes too. "My son had his birthday party there and the staff was AMAZING!!  The adults had a great time playing laser tag and they all wanted to come back again.  I loved the atmosphere and I definitely would come back again and again.  Even my 8 year old was able to enjoy!  So if you are looking for a place where the family can play together and also get out their frustrations by shooting each other (smile) My brother was in town from military service with his wife and we just want to have fun. So we out went out as a family. All five of us played laser tag and the escape room. The price wasn't bad at all and we had so much fun. I won the laser tag game I had to show my younger brothers and husband I play no games hahaha We won the escape room too. They have another room that's harder we might do it soon. "This place is awesome.  No other putt-putt in the area.  They serve booze  especially the underground section. Lots of places to unintentionally chuck your ball into the great ball graveyard. Holes are tightly packed  I didn't see if they had the space invaders but they may have.  And their hours are kind and allow for diverse levels of enjoyment- come in the morning afternoon with the kids  but the $5 person fee is a little steep considering that the course is pretty simple and straightforward.  There aren't any windmills or clown's mouth-style holes which are often kind of the staple of the mini-golf world.  Some holes were fairly challenging but it seemed that too many either sloped away from or towards the hole.  As a result  contains some challenging holes and half of it is in a ""mine"" with black lights AWESOME. The only complaint I have is that a lot of the wholes seem to be in drains  and were happy that some of the holes were indoors and some outdoors (hooray for the cool ""mine"" after playing in the 90 degrees!).  The course is well maintained Definitely worth a stop. I think they could do a bit more to make this a destination mini golf course (if that kind of thing exists)." Took my kids last summer (2015). What a gem. Awesome staff and the putt-putt was awesome (as was the arcade and grub)! On a trip down south with the family we stopped in to check out the track and more. My daughter and I ended up taking advantage of the Richard Petty Driving Experience family discount. We both rode in a car around the track.  The staff was awesome and it was a blast.  We would like to thank Kat who runs the program. Thanks for a great day!! "We took my Father in-law to experience one of his life dreams driving a Race Car. The folks there were so kind and helpful. We decided to let our 7 yr old do the 3 lap experience and he came away all smiles. My 4 yr old was sad not to be able to ride due to size requirements  even openly mocking the people who were driving including calling my son a moron to his face. I have never been so disrespected and I would not return if they were the ones paying me."  but I don't mind that kind of thing so much in a bowling alley.  Hopefully you won't either."  because it's part of the Food City strip mall and there's no recessed step down into the bowling area like most alleys have.  An OK place to bowl  all games and shoes are a paltry $2! Fantastic. And quite simply I cannot bowl without alcohol. It's like some people with karaoke. Of course each time I fell on my ass (and it was frequently) I blamed the slippery floor. It COULDN'T be that third pitcher! I don't know what the drink prices are there "" we were told on our way to turn in our sweaty shoes. ""Aww I'd like to be more like The Dude from the Big Lebowski every time I go bowling I am still searching for a ""GOOD"" bowling alley." I don't know that I would personally return to this location  the best thing I liked about this place was that the Budweiser bottles are shaped like a bowling pin. And someone else was paying for the game and shoe rental. I threw respectably and got to talk smack to my fellow bowlers. That'll do  it isn't anything stellar.  It is clean and they do have a decent beer selection for a bowling alley.  The owner/manager is really nice and helpful which makes me want to like this place so much more.  I feel like there isn't really a good bowling place that isn't Lucky Strike (which tries to be more like a dance club than anything else).  So until I find a happy medium  but it's actually pretty nice inside. It's great for kids...they have light-weight balls and they'll set up the bumpers for you. The food/beer is reasonable and usually after you pay  it's OK and it will certainly do in a pinch.  I really would love to find a ""good"" bowling alley in the area  but its very wheelchair friendly. The staff helps with whatever they can So I would call this an authentic bowling experience whereas Lucky Strike (or even Scottsdale Lanes) is more like the refined I guess just 3 stars cuz of  lack of cool vidoes The staff is nice. The scorekeepers have recently been updated from what I was told and do the job - nothing fancy. If you're looking for an ""old school"" bowling alley - a place to have fun without the attitude or frills then this place is it."  they wont fit the balls.. which in my opinion is like the # 1 thing when bowling... having a ball that fits... oh well. The lanes are oiled to hell and you feel like youll slip every time you go down to bowl.. thats awesome.. pay 15.00 to fit my fingers into smaller holes This place is dated. The bar improvements look nice if the temperature wasn't sweltering...the monitors are old too. I'd much rather go to the alley on Scottsdale and Thomas.  message me if you want more details....I bowl a lot and can help you out! Later fellow Yelpers!" **the only reason they got a 4 and not a 5 star review is because Lucky Strike is a tiny bit better I went here with my family last night and had a great time.  After a warm-up "This place is in sort of a rough area. It's not the nicest bowling alley in the whole world Shea Village is kinda hidden on the NW corner of Shea & 32nd St.  You won't see the building right away but you will see the sign  but the ones they have vary. This bowling alley is a good one because it's a little off the beaten path which means you can actually call and reserve a lane at 6:00 PM on a Saturday night for 7:45 PM. The bowling alley is full of hs students You're on the road to recovery my friend...a changed man 