The shelter itself is large and the volunteers and vet-techs that you interact with are very friendly. The dogs are constantly walked and you can tell the animals receive a ton of love from the staff. Adoption is made easy unless you rent in which case you should probably bring a letter from your landlord stating you are allowed to adopt. Another perk is that when Crosby had ""kennel cough"" we went after hours to get him some medication and they still let us in and treated him...In short  but the fact is that this organization connected me with two very important cats in my life  and she left us waiting as she chatted on her cell phone with a friend: she only remembered about us as she was walking out for a smoke and saw us sitting in the lobby." VkFDer80GOrelWALdgNReg Just check it out if you're curious.  You won't regret it!  Your new furry friends will appreciate it as well!" The shelter is great and I'll probably get another cat in the near future. Check this location out!"  I didn't get my doggy from the ARL (sometimes the heart doesn't get give you a choice) but my experiences there have really taught me a lot about animals and have only served to heighten my love for my 10yr old rescue pup." Great place to find a dog or a cat Adopt an animal today!" Stop by the ARL! It is worth the trip. :)" I have gotten two great dogs from ARL over the years the staff is polite and really cares about the animals and finding them the right home. They get the animals the best vet care they can and i believe they have an on site clinic. I would suggest even if they have a special on adoption prices pay the full amount if you can.  From what I see they take great care of the animals and could use all the money they can to make sure this continues. I will most definitely be back and plan on telling all friends considering a pet to adopt from the ARL!"  and I hate to knock even a single star off for ARL -- but this Yelp review seems to be my only way of warning others to seek another trainer for their dog behavioral needs! :(" The only reason they only get 4 stars is my poor puppy is SO sick.  We've had him for 3 weeks and he's got an awful cough that hasn't been responsive to any antibiotics.  I know its hard to keep all the dogs isolated  but in some cases it has to be done for the good of the animal and for the safety of society.  I admire the work and staff of the ARL and will continue to devote my time to them and thank them for the wonderful work they do on behalf of the city of Pittsburgh and all of the wild and domestic animals alike.  We are so lucky to have them in our area and as our city shelter." They are a NO-KILL shelter too. Always a huge plus."  cat herpes is fo' life.  Poor little guy.  This also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future.  Bad shelter!"  this shelter will make sure you are happy with your adoption and literally will do everything in their power to ensure both you and the adopted animal are ok.  The shetler staff care deeply about the animal AND the human's well-being!"  this place will only be associated with making a terrible day that much worse with their lack of caring or empathy." Weak leadership. This is the cities highest cat and dog death rate of any shelter or rescue in western pa"  unless you state you will take them back) cats because they are ""overcrowded.""  They will tell you that your cat has a "" behavioral issue"" to address turning said animal away. Mark that you will take your cat (or dog This place is amazing for so many different pet oriented things.  I'll definitely be coming back here whenever I need something for LME." I love my animals so much and I will always check here first for pets before anywhere else." But they made the whole adoption process easy and after almost a year my cats are still lovely and gives me so much love."  and receive a microchip. Your first vet visit after your adoption is half-off their already cheap prices at their in-house vet clinic. They also give you a little goodie bag along with the pets vet records.  I'm so thankful for the furry friends I've adopted from the ARL!" I'm sure this review will end up with the ""Not recommended"" reviews.  It seems all the truthful reviews get pushed to the back?!!!"  I was surprised to learn from our vet that the cat we adopted was feral--you'd think that would have been an important bit of information to share with the adopting family I took her for a 6 month check up recently and the vet was so nice. He took time to look over her and was genuinely kind to me and my mom. Sometimes people who work with animals lose their people skills We took our kitty here to get spayed at the east liberty location.  Although they accomplished the job for a very reasonable price they were just extremely rude.  I know that you're probably not making much working here receptionist ladies but just try to be nice.  which resulted in it opening the next day. The listed emergency number did not answer and when I did get ahold of them I was immediately told it would be at least $160 to have him seen. I had to take him somewhere else get him seen and then back to the animal rescue league to it done right. My poor baby went through hell. Never again will I take my dog there." VkFDer80GOrelWALdgNReg  they whisked us over to the main building. The whole process took about 20 minutes. The staff really cares about the well being of their animals. It's great place!" OH YEA! When I asked if there was another option besides paying this outrageous bill Maybe they just need some stronger management." Would I ever recommend them? Absolutely!"  no he wasn't dropped all the way but pulling and tugging and poking resulted in a bloody UTI. I'm very disappointed. Just because it's cheap doesn't mean it's worth it. Please reconsider their clinic Great place. Hank is one of the best things that has ever happened to us. If we are ever looking for another furry addition to our family Website updated on the hour.  Clean.  Friendly and knowledgeable staff.  Odd location. As much as I love the idea of saving a poor helpless animal from being put to death this place could use some work if they intend to adopt animals out! First and foremost the customer service here is terrible. My parents have visited the shelter on more than one occasion to view the dogs ready for adoption and have yet to be greeted with a friendly helping hand. If they had they would have a dog right now. Its hard to enquire about a dog when no one or information is available regarding the dog. In addition I believe adoption fees ranging from $175.00 to $350.00 are a bit much especially considering the funding the Dane County Humane Society receives.  Perhaps they should consider arranging discounted fees with vet services they use.  I understand it does cost a great deal of money to home an animal which should be taken into consideration by the adoptee however you shouldnt have to spend hundreds to get a dog. I mean considering they put thousands of dogs to sleep each year!!! Nonetheless if you can rescue a animal from here...There is no greater gift than the gift of life!  I think it's all the more reason why we should adopt our dogs and really be able to rescue them. Avoiding a shelter because of that will not help the animals. PLEASE consider adopting before you look to a pet store or a breeder!"  the worker who had checked us in called the rescue and our dog was picked up the next day.  DCHS didn't even have her for 24 hours and even admitted they knew nothing about the rescue they sent her back to.  Over a month later and she still is not adopted from the other rescue and our feelings and needs were totally dismissed.  NOT humane treatment in this case." Remember to support animal shelters and rescues! Buying an animal from a pet store or a breeder means denying a shelter animal a chance at life. Anyone who has ever adopted an animal will confirm that they are the best!"  since its run by the county) is filled with lazy uncaring employees.  I will goto a breeder or find a" DdaBJ-NJrvXSjfNRhbA71Q  but I loved the fact that they allowed us to do this because we had fallen in love with this dog. When we got him he didn't have a huge interest in food or toys but within a few weeks he really warmed up to us and now he loves his treats  emotionally draining. There are wonderful organizations who do their best by putting the animals first. Dane has a long way to go......" Update: cat hates me. Judges me endlessly. So I treat him like any man I've dated and I ignore him until he's hangry and comes to me for love (and food). Our relationship has improved with my new strategy for making my kitty love me."  so the animals can stay longer than if they were in larger cities with more strays.  They stand a much better chance of being adopted."  you can do so here: http://www.cuhumane.org/donations/index.html"  I was immediately helped by a volunteer that explained the adoption process to me.  They let me view where the dogs were and they even let me go outside to play with the dogs.  They also have very helpful information papers on the dog cages so you have a good basic understanding of the dogs.  After you decide on if you like the dog or not  where they identified some tartar(which the vet said didn't warrant a dental cleaning until her next appointment) and that she needed a rabies shot(was $15 at the vet I took her to). Just some things to note: you are required to take the pet you adopt to the vet within one week of adoption and you get a 15% off coupon at this local pet store along with a bag of food I have a pet adoption application pending.  So I am keeping my fingers crossed. Hopeful I get to come home with a new walkin buddy! Never really thought of adopting animals here but a good place to take the kids and pet the cats. "I adopted a dog a few months ago. She is a 3 year old border collie lab mix named Lily. I know when the dogs are given up the humane society relies on the former family being honest about the dogs behavior. I was told she was a friendly  training methods and temperament of a dog I adopted until after he attacked. Unprofessional. Rude. The dogs there are all sad." My family and I adopted two kittens from the shelter. They did a great job explaining the process of adoption and adjusting to home life. I felt like my pets were really cared for before we came along. The staff are very compassionate and helpful! They do great work here. Donate or adopt! 