 but they are closed by 4:30. Let's see if their next repair goes as smoothly as the last ..." I like this place because it's family run. My last repair was on our refrigerator. Parts were ordered quickly and installed in a timely manner. Technician was friendly. As was the office staff I spoke with. I'd recommend them to anyone looking for reliable service!  and I told them so. They promised to call me and schedule when they got the repair request. Fast forward to December 28 "Just call someone else. Lol. The guy they sent to service my dryer made every excuse so he didn't have to work. He didn't want to walk down the block because I had no more parking available. I even offered to help carry his tools for him! Call another company  I was charged $278.14 for a 30 minute call.  I was shocked at the price of being charged for a service call on both appliances which the dryer requires a $9.99 part and I was told by repair man my washer just needed to be cleaned!  I informed him that I use afresh every month and keep by water lid open to dry after every use.  He just looked at me with no response  and lazy. I had a service appointment scheduled and they would not even come to my house to see what was wrong with my washing machine. They insisted on ordering parts for my washing machine before they ever even came to look at it. I'm sure this guessing kind of work is convenient for them "Our Maytag washer started making a horrible grinding noise the other night. I googled ""charlotte appliance repair"" and several places came back so I selected the 3 closest to my house that had decent reviews. The first place I called had a weird voicemail system that actually hung up on me. So I called Carolina Appliance Services. I spoke to a human being This is the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Not a way to gain a new customer!!" Each interaction with this company suggests that they are an amateur organization who only deals with their customers when it is convenient to them to do so. I would love to comment on their actual service prowess  it will now be another week and a half or two weeks for the part to come in again - leaving us without a dryer for a month and a half. I would never recommend this company to anyone. Probably the least professional business I've ever worked with. Beware!!" The final result - DW was used two times- Best Buy took it back and we are waiting for our Bosch." Very rude and unprofessional guy! Not willing to work out anything with the customer. Very short on the phone. I called for some appliance repair... Called back after almost a week and flat out said he was booked for over a week. He did not even offer to make an appointment after his busy time. Would not recommend this company to anyone.  part came fast- called & came on time. Very happy with service & would highly recommend."  he stopped me and said he was NOT interested in working with me because he was worried that if he did a bad job the insurance company would be coming after him.  He actually started an argument with me.  I assume he was the owner because he said ""my company"".  But my simple question was 'Isn't that what you do?  Fix dishwashers?'...why is this company even on my home warranty's list of providers.  He argues so much that I didn't even get to tell him this wasn't part of an insurance claim.  So to recap...very rude Extremely happy! Kevin came out - diagnosed the issue & quickly got the part needed! Fast & pleasant! I'm very displeased with the service and I will be calling Lowes to ask for a different maintenance company. Kevin does not represent the company well and was unwilling to help with the repair. His ignorant remarks are very unnecessary and unprofessional. I will not be working with Carolina Appliance Service again."  including off-brands like Bosch.  Thanks for a great job today!" MUNTz9X8jZE45OQm_76jcg  it's easy to find and easy to access (no bad traffic issues).  Check them out - you won't be sorry."  Jerry was so kind as to give me a few extra minutes to clean up my mess of a kitchen. I fully trust Jerry and Appliance Service Unlimited. I would recommend them over and over to anyone in the Middleton area looking for a repair person." I got an amazing deal on my refrigerator at Handy. Ron and his employees are very friendly and knowledgeable about all of their products they sell and service. I'm a customer for life.  and I learned a valuable lesson about making easy tasks difficult (to summarize: don't)." I've used Handy to service my Affinity dryer and my Whirlpool refrigerator. I like that they usually send the same tech. Rates are reasonable and the staff is friendly. No complaints!  at least then it would have warranted being hung up on."  only dryers.  Ninety Five bucks for nothing.  Don't go here ever."   I called Handy Appliance. They were my Hail Mary or I would lose everything in my upright freezer. It was filled hundreds of dollars in product and thousands of ounces of milk for my infant that could not be replaced. I was told that they would not be able to come until the following week. It was heartbreaking. The woman on the phone asked if she could call me back. She did and after speaking with the owner and the service technician  just gave it the complete tune up and called to say they were finished with it just two days later.  I brought it home and it's working as well as when it was new.  I was afraid I would have to pick up an expensive vacuum in order to pick up dog hair in our house  even though it wasn't necessarily the most expensive one. We got a Miele and it's absolutely blown us away; there is a factory warranty on the motor "Tommy Tucker sells the highest quality vacuum cleaners....and they are ALL ABOUT service as well!  They recently helped me unclog a vacuum hose and didn't charge me for their trouble.  (And it was not the vacuum I had purchased there several years ago).  They are always friendly  and they'll demo the vacuums for you and explain everything. Really nice guys and worth checking out if you're in the market for a vacuum that's not a piece of junk."  I was able to solve the problem quickly and without spending a dime.  The next time I need actual service  cleaned out the problem and then carried it out to my car - all with a big smile.  I always have excellent service at Olsons.  I own a Kirby and they are always helpful with the care and maintenance.  I highly recommend Olsons!!  When I am ready for my next vacuum cleaner Buy your vacuums here! And get them repaired here too!!!" OejdaKwkMAHvNe5mL2-emg  was very professional and had my dishwasher fixed in less than 20 minutes.  His prices are reasonable and his work was top rate.  I would highly recommend his company and will definitely use them again." "John is warm and trustworthy! He is reasonably priced and does reliable work. He repaired our refrigerator and was able to repair it right away. I would welcome him in my home anytime  he had everything and got'er done! The time he was here I could hear his phone ringing and he never answered it! He made sure I was his concern while he was here. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND calling John if you are in need of some repair for your appliances! I did read the few reviews on Yelp while he was here and all of the positive comments where spot on! In short if you need a repair guy and don't call John you are doing yourself a huge disservice!" John came over on the same day that I contacted him and he kindly explained to me why my dryer wasn't drying as it normally does. He then advised me on how I can easily fix it on my own! Amazing. I will be calling him when a real repair is needed!  so I have no choice.  In the past I have always had issues getting things repaired within a reasonable time.  In the past I've waited 2-3 months after getting the run around from Metro Appliance.  This time I waited 2 weeks.  I didn't complain even though the repair guy promised 1 week.  I guess they are getting better." Only complaint is I think they charge the home warranty customer more for the service call than they do for customers with no service contract.  The terms of the home warranty specify that the contract holder is responsible for the cost of the service call up to the $85 deductible  did not charge me and it now works.  Lazy lazy people that find it is easier to make the $65 service fee than actually fix the problem.  FYI the Home warranty company is Old Republic Home Warranty and I have never had a more terrible experience with any warranty company.  All of their service contacts are horrible."  and they tried to charge me 2 service fees to fix one problem with my microwave.   Don't deal with these people if you have a choice." 5CfsPNHmj7J8l1qXk-USsw  the scheduling woman was one of the worst customer service experiences I have ever had."  their prices are reasonable and they charged me appropriately for the work done. They are now my ""go to"" shop for appliance repair! Thank you!" this is the worst service I have received .. better yet treatment from a COMPLETE stranger."  the service man that came to my house left after about ten minutes because he was scared of my dog. Who I had already locked up per his request! It was a complete and total waste of my time. Not to mention the ignorance of this ""small business"" because apparently the fact that my dog is a pit was the real problem. Which the idiot didn't even know till I told him! If I had said boxer would you have left my house?! Horrible company."  and they saved me money. I am not sure why there are these other negative reviews. I found Frost by seeing one of their trucks in my area when I needed the help. Before I called them I did look them up on Yelp and read the reviews before I called. I approached them with caution because of the review but my experience was the polar opposite of what these reviews indicated. That is why they have earned 5 stars from me." I would highly recommend this company."  but our consumer based society needs to put more emphasis on repairing things and keeping them out of the landfills.  We've probably saved hundreds of dollars on credit card interest alone by calling 602-25 FROST---as advised so long ago by Barry Young on talk radio.  This is a great  then came to my house to repair it when it was determined it would need a new part.  VERY HAPPY WITH THE SERVICE!"  and dishwasher repairs and maintenance over the last 15+ years. They always come through with timely and cost effective repairs and upgrades to our older equipment. Their advise on when to get new appliances has also been very sound. They are first rate and the cost is very moderate. WELL DONE Frost Appliance!" Owners are husband-wife and could not have been nicer. Yay for ABC! Do I hear Michael Jackson and a dance coming on??? Sorry but these guys are great."  I can be super frugal and there was no way I was buying another vacuum when the one that needed fixing was over $400 to start out with. But over 7 years later Rude customer service on the phone-like you are doing me a favor even answering my questions regarding bringing my vacuum in for repair=I am going somewhere else. "Once again I dragged myself out of the house on Saturday to buy vac bags. And once again they are closed. Good family owned business "The best vacuum store in Phoenix HANDS DOWN!! They sold me a reconditioned vacuum and it was as good as new. I get my bags there too. Appreciate their environmental views (reuse instead of throw it away) and that they are a family owned business. If you need your vacuum serviced You cannot get much better than this place. Great customer service and attitude. They guarantee their work and products. I will always buy from these wonderful people. The best in Phoenix "This is a family owned business.  They are the best in the vacuum world. You will definitely get the best deal in town for purchase or repair.  No run around Always love to give my money to local shops!"  even if it doesn't gain them any business! They sell and repair vacuums and accessories." SaStkl2wAsvwzT1AjjG4tQ  Larry's always friendly and honest and their repair services are just as great.  I try to buy local as much as I can and you don't have to pay more to do it here." Customer service was very nice. They were quick to diagnose the problem and repaired within a day. A great find! "They brought my puny little dirt devil back from the brink and gave new life into my dog fur sucker upper! I really thought I was going to have to buy a new vacuum but ABC completely overhauled it and I swear this thing runs better than it did brand new! Not only was the price for the tune up and repair very reasonable Brought in my vacuum for a major overhaul.  Fast no hassle service.  Came back looking brand new.  Works great.  Thanks!  friendly service. Didn't have a receipt and they took care of us just fine Great local company. Helped us with a referral to someone who could service our central vacuum and got us set with some accessories! Thanks! Best place ever for vacuum repair!! Quick affordable service! Took vacuum in in a Monday and had it back by Thursday. Will be a customer for life! Great service and fast turn around. Brought vaccuum in for a broken belt and they fixed it better than new. They give great advice. 5 stars  they are so good.  Excellent high quality products.  Not the fake cheap stuff that really doesn't work at Best Buy I'll never come here again and if you are a do-it-yourself'er I would encourage you to find another appliance parts business never take returns. I will never return to this store."  brushes for vent cleanings. The place is a typical full to the brim parts warehouse that lacks the visual of a large chain - but they have what you want at a reasonable price. I have never used them for repair service Stay away from this place.  I like to support local businesses but I went in to buy one wheel and three axles for my dishwasher lower rack.  A total of 4 pieces of plastic.  They charged me $6.50 for the wheel and $6 for each axle.  I felt like they were making up the price while I was there but I did not have my phone to look up the price and I was in a hurry.  With tax this was $29 and they had the audacity to ask if I wanted to buy more for stock.  I told them not at these prices.  I checked later and on the GE parts website it was $2.25 for the wheel and $1.25 for each axle.  So $6 vs. $24.50.  Shame on me for not checking first and shame on them for 4x the price.  I am all for local owners but not when this is the way they conduct business.  Find somewhere else to go.  You will be glad you did. SMALL CLAIMS COURT IS A BLOCK AWAY...I'M GOING TO RUN THERE MONDAY!!!!!!!!!!" STAY AWAY AND LET ALL YOUR FRIENDS KNOW TO NOT SHOP HERE!"  the fellas working there were very helpful in explaining to me how the parts all went together! And not once did they make me feel stupid about something that turned out to be so simple :)" "I've lived in this neighborhood for 20 years and the guys at Major Appliances have ALWAYS come through for me! On my fridge "THESE GUYS ARE CROOKS!  My mom ordered something from these guys and decided 2 days later that we didn't want the part. We even offered to pay the shipping costs to have it returned. They said it was not refundable!(we hadn't even received the part yet). They did not state that policy at all when we ordered the part or EVER  and after showing them pictures of small terminals I needed (~$5 for a pack of 10) they convinced me that would not solve my problem and insisted I needed to buy an entire coil assembly.  I figured why not buy it and test my current coil against the new one with a multimeter to rule out that as a problem "Dishonest - cant give zero stars so I give one.  Asked them to do about 15 minutes worth of work- ( I did not know the order that 5 wires were to be connected in - two screws needed to be unscrewed the order changed and two screws put back in.  The guy behind the counter clearly knew nothing about the part but said he would just copy one that he had in the store.  After implying it would cost 40 dollars I showed up later that day and he starts with a story of a part I never asked for nor did I want that is 38 bucks each and they come two to a pack but he will cut me a deal and only charge me 120 bucks instead of the 40 he told me earlier.  I told hiim a brand new unit cost 315 bucks why would I spend 120 to fix a part from 1987.   First he goes on about how he spent 2 hours working on it blah blah  wb3FCElK1qhnU2WNPLICjA "This place is awesome. I brought my Dyson in which was dirty and not suctioning. They told me when to call for a quote "I like this place! I needed my Necchi sewing machine to be serviced/repaired and found this place on google. I called ahead to ask what a typical repair price was and they said that it would be $29.99 for a diagnosis and then they would call to let me know what the balance would be if I decided to go ahead with the service. I asked if repairs usually cost $100 or so and the guy on the phone assured me that they don't "If I could give this place zero stars I would. Steer clear of Mr Vac & Sew if you're looking to trade in an old vacuum for one of theirs. His inofrmation about trade ins is very misleading. I brought in a one year old vacuum to trade in on another and was told up front (I'll give the owner this much) that the trade values could range from $0 to $100. I found four vacuums that I was interested in and the owner told me that a trade in was not available...for any of them. Come on....FOUR DIFFERENT VACUUMS - FOUR DIFFERENT MODELS and no trade in allowance? When I asked why  honest service every time.  Do yourself a favor and skip the hours on the internet comparing prices - just go straight to Mr. Vac & Sew to get your new machine.  You won't be sorry!"  you're dead with these guys.  Time to join the rest of us who have gone beyond 1970. Never ask to speak with the owner. His motto is that he is always right. Way too much attitude.  He obviously missed the class on manners and treating his customers with some level of respect."  but when we were stupid enough to try to  buy a new one for $500 again he would not even through in a set of bags. we purchased a new vac from another store and love it .  buyer beware by the way i saved oved a hunded dollars at bed bath and beyond for the same vac." The guy that owns this place is a bully.  He talks to people like they are stupid and his customer service is awful. "Customer service is alive and well at this business! I have been in twice recently and I am very happy with the excellent knowledge and amazing customer service I have received. If you need a part So far I've had to buy parts for my Dyson vacuum and Nechhi sewing machine and have really appreciated the expertise in both these regards. I never felt pressured to buy something out of my price range and would definitely recommend this place to anyone." Support your local business & buy here!" BFTdwov5iuYO3Mp9-CueVg I will never buy a machine at a big box store again. Thank you   then Mr. Vac & Sew is  it. This store stands behind every thing they sell. I have dealt with them for 27 years.  They have a great repair shop and will let you know ahead of time what your repair will cost. No surprises when you go to pick it up. Straight forward and honest. I love dealing with them. Go in and see the owner I would recommend to all  instead he matched us with just what we needed.  He price matches any store or Internet price you find.  He also provided an additional warranty on the machine we purchased.  We were very happy with our experience at this store. He has definitely found a new  Would not even look at my unit told me to try his expensive piece of junk that would not work when I got it home and refused to give me a credit This is a small business that truly captures the heart of America.  This is very refreshing after visiting the likes of big boxers down the street.  Do yourself a favor Was shopping for new vac and stopped in to see the selection.  Larry was very informative and direct about his recommendations. I was so pleased with his recommendation of my Miele Neptune purchase that I recommended my Dad to stop in and he ended up purchasing his Miele from Larry as well.  but was unhappy with the cost everyone in town was charging! I found the exact model that I had been wanting for $200 less than everyone else! The prices here are insanely low for brand new machines! I will never buy a vacuum anywhere else  the owner took care of me when I first came in and explained the whole repair process to me! It was a breeze! And I am super happy that I found the hand held I wanted This guy is a total jerk.  I have spent a couple grand in the store and one day he yelled at me for questioning a repair.  The New York attitude is awful.  Use another store. Took my Dyson in for repair. The repair was completed on time but owner was rude. He appears to be very knowledgable on the Dyson brand. _IGM5Fp1Z43OwZ4-Ca6qaQ This place is great! Fixed my sewing machine quickly! And when it acted up again fixed it again quickly and asked me to bring it back if I run into any more problems. Staff was super nice!! Purchased a Miele canister vacuum. Very knowledge and friendly staff. Best price in town.  I was so uncomfortable with the customer service that I took my vacuum and left."  this guy's style is undeniably off-putting. His tone is condescending with a hint of that northeasterly disdain for the rest of us The biggest thing that surprised me about this place were the prices. I've searched everywhere and this place beats the prices of everyone hands down. He was even willing to order me a model he didn't have on hand at a discount. Eventually I settled on a much better model for only $50 more than the one I went in to buy. Overall it was the best experience I could have asked for and I really appreciated the transparent and direct manner that the owner handles business. I'll be going back for all my needs in the future for sure!" "I took my Dyson Animal that I paid $600 for and had used for 5 years.  I was close to buying a new vacuum but I'm so glad I chose to repair!  This place does incredible work.  When I got home  power trip (maybe a woman thing? since he seemed to tone it down for the man in the store?). I will definitely never go back here.  Life is too short to pay $108 and be treated like a piece of dirt." Why did I buy from him instead of Amazon.com? Because he will beat any price Contacted by the owner. He kept me updated on the progress of my equipment repair. He was willing to adjust the price due to the delays. He has a one year warranty on repairs and parts. Mr Vac & Sew fixed my sewing machine.  Who knew it could work so well!  Great job! He's a HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE PERSON!" We've had nothing but good experiences with Larry and highly recommend his business. He's knowledgable and honest in his dealings. We've purchased and had repairs/service done. He and my husband joke back and forth and it's a pleasure to do business with him. I have been bringing sewing machine and vacuums to Mr Vac and Sew for 20 years.  Good service  knowledgeable and more than fair when it comes to pricing (the Miele I picked up was priced significantly below Amazon). Do yourself a favor and check this place out."  I spoke to a woman and related my story and she lives in the area and knew exactly who I was talking about.  She said that he is famous in her neighborhood for this crap. and said her neighbors do as well.   That demonstrates that word of mouth can have a powerful impact on a business...both positive and negative. Sorry 