Now if only the key copies they made were accurate..." They even cut keys that actually work." The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is because I was once (out of 50 times) given very bad advice about which stain to use that basically ruined a brand new $1000 wood door Shout out goes to the check out attendants "This was my first time to this Home Depot.  Very impressed with the customer service here.  We were redoing a bathroom and went in for more tiles.  They were out of them.  However  so I'll focus on that.  I feel bad for the lady that works the paint counter.  Each time I'm in there she always seems to be by herself with a line of customers all wanting there base paint tinted.  I don't believe there was ever a time I could just walk up to the counter and have my paint mixed for me.  Give that woman a hand."  for better or worse. It's a convenient location with a decent selection. 'Nuff said."  remember guys this was last February. So apparently there was a run on ACs last winter.   Anyway it's still working great even after I dropped a screw inside of it on accident and I'm happy with my purchase.  The staff did a good job helping us find the AC and I'd  be more then happy to spend additional dollars at The Home Depot.  I might even get that peace lily after all."  seek them out and skip this one (especially if you're going to have questions)!" But yea if your in need of some nice plants to go in the kitchen or patio OR you just want to spruce up a few things around the house I am not a Home Despot fan in general as I like to favor small hardware stores instead.  But I was here with a friend who is in the middle of a home renovation project and needed my help.  I was here at an off time and on an off day and the customer service was great.  3 out of the 4 people who helped us really knew what they were talking about.  I really felt like I was in a home depot commercial with the friendly workers explaining their products to you and helping you make smart selections.  In the course of an hour in the store at least 6 people asked me if I needed help finding something.  In Home Depot I often have to walk around for 15 minutes to find a sales person who knows nothing.  This Home Depot was quite different from the rest. VERY disappointing to me."  and that was an adventure because the employee working in the lumber section had never used the wood cutter equipment. I'd say that 9 out of 10 employees will purposely avoid you or won't be able to answer your question. Now I'm writing this while on hold on the phone for the garden center" This particular Home Depot is located just beyond Penn Circle in East Liberty ('Slibery) and is off a one-way street.  Don't come here for a relaxing shopping trip.  Be prepared for insane parking lot wars and lots of chaos once inside.  But if you live in the East End "After several other trips to this Home Depot (it is the closest option for me) the service has been better. It is still heavily dependant on the day person Waiting 20 minutes to get one piece of wood cut in an empty store on a Friday afternoon.  Priceless!  this is probably the best you're going to do for hardware in most of Pittsburgh." Tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency.  fail. qA1PXTv0snTO1gpNPm-Jfw "I've always enjoyed this branch for my home repair needs.  It's quite close and never too busy.  The staff have always been nice and helpful.  One complaint I have is that the key maker machine here seems a bit off.  Of the three times I've come to make copies of keys  but yet it seems like we barely fit in the parking spaces. With such a huge lot available Only downside is the parking lot craziness. I felt like I was going to get hit or hit someone else everywhere I turned."  everyone we came across said hello and was kind. it was actually surprising. Kudos to home depot. They are doing something right to have so many happy employees. Yesterdays experience is the reason for 4 stars." "Much better than I had expected for a home improvement store within city limits! Staff were helpful and knew exactly where to point me when I needed some guidance. The organization of the store is pretty much like Corporate dictates - the same as the rest. The items offered are reasonable quality I really like this shop. I can just spend hours walking around getting ideas of things to either update or change around my home. All the sales associates are extremely useful and educated. Occasionally it is difficult to seek out someone to aid you because they may be busy helping other customers.  and when you do see an employee they walk the other way half the time. The employees are nice but I get the sense it's managed terribly.  For the amount of business they do you would think HD could up their effort here."  ease of shopping and knowledge of the staff this does not compete with several Lowe's outlets I have frequented.  It is quite difficult to navigate on a busy weekend with parking difficult and carts all over.  It is difficult to get in and out of their lot as well."  I must say that I've always had a positive experience with the staff at this Home Depot. Somehow they've done a great job of never making me feel like a complete idiot when it comes to home repair. If you live in the city "I've shopped at several Pittsburgh locations over and while all staff are friendly and helpful there's something special about the crew at the East Liberty location. It doesn't matter if I'm buying light bulbs it a sink They hired people that had to be required to do certain areas correctly."  but it looked like there were a lot of employees with smiles on their faces to help if you needed to find anything or needed advice on your current project." (of course i took pictures)"  I was in and out in no time with exactly what I needed." "Meh. It's a Home Depot that is no better and no worse than any other Home Depot I've been into. I was looking for one specific item in the plumbing department and their selection was only one and it didn't have the features I wanted. Oh well Not customer service friendly. Self checkout is the only option and is a joke. Employees would much rather carry inappropriate conversations for the work place than assist. Sorry won't be back! If no stars could be given that would be more accurate. Pineville Home Depot - probably be better to your customers.  You lost two today." Patrick asked me if I needed help as soon as I walked into the store!!! Thought I was at Chick file or black hawk hardware on park road. I have a home 5 miles from the store. I have been in the store over 200 times. Only about 10 % do I get offered help. Some get an attitude. Thanks Patrick for your customer service Always our go to store for house hold repair stuff. The HD has really stepped it up with lots of help. No more bare isles - employees everywhere "I would not recommend going to this Best Buy location. I recently purchased a big screen tv there and had the worst experience a consumer could have. I originally found a tv at their Rivergate location and they did not have any in stock so I went to Pinevill. When I arrived I was one of maybe four people in the store and no one would assist me. After waiting for twenty minutes I went to customer service where I waited another five minutes. Then customer service wouldnt help me. I knew the tv  very shiny and makes you want to buy stuff that you can't afford without taking a small loan out."  computers and small electrics in the back. My friend needed a refill cartridge for his inkjet printer and Best Buy can be counted on to have a decent supply. A decent price? Not so much."  not twice but three times.  It started last year when I purchased a new laptop to replace my 4 yr old one (which I also bought at Best Buy).  The Geek squad did not listen to my concerns and wiped my old laptop clean WITHOUT contacting me as they stated they would.  I lost a lot of important information!  Then stating that both my computers were ready (while contacting the wrong person over and over again).  When we went to pick them up they were not ready  they were well enough staffed.  I walked straight up to a young lady at the checkout who was friendly and efficient and I chit-chatted with her as I dug through my wallet looking for my debit card.   I have very limited patience for shopping Good service here. I was greeted upon entering and thanked when exiting. I wanted to see what the deal was with the Samsung Gear. The sales associate in the department was knowledgeable about the product and could answer my questions. Not a rude or discourteous person in the visit!"  i brought it back to them in the same condition they sold it to me as.  Then the manager told me we would not have sold one in the condition. But they sure sold it to me. BUYER BEWARE." Waiting in line no one here....3 employees standing around and no one says anything. Horrible service. Next time ill just order on amazon  Best Buy! You have great employees and I'm more likely to come to this location the next time I need some gadget-techie-game item." Thanks to them my husband is on the PS4 every night (that's a different story  MATT not working. I walk out if I don'see those three guys.  The others prove me right!! Every time. NO one speaks or offers help. Just my 3 guys. Thanks Matt!!! Will see Steve for ALL my computer needs. Thanks for bringing him back!!! Hola Christian  angry as Trevar at the front door asked me to stop and show him the contents of my purse..I had a receipt in hand  also to put his hands in Trevor mom purse to see if she stole something. My son would be fired. His mom would have pursued justice and acknowledged and vindicated. It is 11-27-2015. Michelle Gaines has not responded to 2 attempts to make my complain sent to her 11-18.. Raven Phillips has not responded. I was watching security ask black students to leave apple store. I was enraged and brought to tears. I now know how it feels to be discriminated against.. Security told them they knew they would steal. Brought back memories" "Cyber Monday - Store pickup. One person working. Only 6 people in line when arrived. 20 minutes later 4 people still in line. You print your receipt and bring it into the store. You're just PICKING UP "The place is good. I think the sales person lied to be about it being the last day of the sale as when I checked the next day it was Stilton but I guess what do you expect. Also he left to get my 3 iwatches and was gone for about 20 minutes. Hello  that chrome books don't come with a manual.  Since I was giving this as a gift I would have rather given it with a manual instead if the quick start Guide. The gift receipt that I requested online when I placed the order was not provided at the original time of pick up and I was told that another gift receipt could be printed later. Next time I buy  good luck getting issues resolved.  They must not pay well because management is awful and cares more about checking their cell phones to see what their ""boo"" is up too." Awful service. There was a long line and only one employee at the checkout. We bought two games. Both sealed. Opened up one game and there was a disk inside and then opened up the other and there was NO DISK.  Kyle  and Veronica were a awesome help and friendly. They were patience throughout the whole process when we were having issue with sprint Wonderful people & better yet. .had the stuff I wanted! And the one part they didn't have will be in I a week I saved time and money!"  knowledgeable and helpful sales folks who negotiated good pricing and delivery folks were good as well.  I cannot imagine a better place to buy appliances in the Charlotte area."  and it's nice when the quality of service is as good as or better than the big chains. Queen City didn't disappoint!" We'd recommend them over the national big box stores I highly recommend Queen City if you want a knowledgeable sales team that goes the extra mile "They don't stand behind the products they sell. $3  it's really inconsistent. And they've mixed the wrong color for us more than once."  nobody until I reach the 3rd associate who's able to guide me right where I need to be. But by then I've made my way through the entire store looking for a product that's generally right where my journey began. If you're looking for humidifier filters or a pumice stone to make your toilet bowl shine... you're screwed. Wait no  and I found the correct brackets at a local hardware store when an old man working there saw me wandering around and chased me down to help me. SERVICE.)" We had special ordered doors which were delivered late. We received no notice that there would be a delay and calls to the millwork department went unanswered or a long time was spent on hold waiting for someone to be tracked down. In-person visits were very stressful because there was never enough staff in the department and oftentimes there was no one around at all. Overall we've not had problems with the store but after the experience we had with the millwork department it is doubtful we will ever return.  true Chicago dog style! Great hot dog!"  authentic and delicious.  If you are there shopping and you need a break or a quick lunch?  Definitely the place to go."  batteries - almost anything you want. Just bought my brand new fancy battery charger. Quick check out "Some days the staff are really helpful but at other times it seems like I can't find anyone to help me. One time I had to get a bathroom vanity and a toilet onto a cart by myself  just gave it the complete tune up and called to say they were finished with it just two days later.  I brought it home and it's working as well as when it was new.  I was afraid I would have to pick up an expensive vacuum in order to pick up dog hair in our house  even though it wasn't necessarily the most expensive one. We got a Miele and it's absolutely blown us away; there is a factory warranty on the motor "Tommy Tucker sells the highest quality vacuum cleaners....and they are ALL ABOUT service as well!  They recently helped me unclog a vacuum hose and didn't charge me for their trouble.  (And it was not the vacuum I had purchased there several years ago).  They are always friendly  I totally love that they have the same song playing that they have had since the dawn of time playing on the loudspeakers." "Don't shop here.  The owner John Menard is PURE EVIL...  Menards is a terrible place to work  and I'm happy that they were willing to make a small exception to their rules If I have to ever return here it will be only for the lumber and building materials selection which is far superior to The HD or Lows."  but the lack of wasp spray had me downgrade a smidge. We stopped in here looking for 2 things: some wood stain touch-up stuff and wasp spray. They had numerous options for the first  but when all you need is bags on concrete it's annoying to have to make that trek. The new checkout lines are set up in a really dumb way. It forces the checkout person to have their back to you for most of the time that they are checking you out and you have to bag things yourself now. Inside the store I've had to hunt around when I did need help with something  but what I got instead was a poorly organized store.  Had to hunt down a putty knife.  Spackle and wood putty are on a different side of the store from putty knives and sandpaper.  They carry a random assortment of food items "Was hoping to get the right parts for our leaky shower handle.  Its a sad day when YouTube is more helpful then these employees.  As my wife points out  money saved is time spent."  I accidentally dropped a bottle of rust remover gel in this store and it spilled everywhere. I did the right thing and went to the service counter to let them know. The guy behind the counter said nothing and called someone to the front to clean it up. It was an awkward exchange given he didn't say anything. Usually a costumer service person would say ""don't worry about it"" or ""no problem"" after you apologize for making a mess but whatever  albeit shoddily since the ends were all chewed to bits. Glad I grabbed a big old stack of sandpaper "Wow. Literally worse customer service in the department store industry...what a JOKE the staff (older man and ""manager"") at customer service acted as if I were interrupted the pope for god sakes (no pun intended...okay maybe a little) I didn't realize pay customers I just wish you could enter and exit through both sides of the store like at the Depot." Worst customer service ever! 45 minutes before closing. Employees avoid you  instead of helping you find what you are looking for. Then when you ask for your paint to be shaken. They tell you in a stern voice NO WE ARE CLOSING AND DON'T HAVE TIME. $350 purchase and they make you bag it at the regester. time to switch to Home Depot.  was very professional and had my dishwasher fixed in less than 20 minutes.  His prices are reasonable and his work was top rate.  I would highly recommend his company and will definitely use them again." "John is warm and trustworthy! He is reasonably priced and does reliable work. He repaired our refrigerator and was able to repair it right away. I would welcome him in my home anytime  he had everything and got'er done! The time he was here I could hear his phone ringing and he never answered it! He made sure I was his concern while he was here. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND calling John if you are in need of some repair for your appliances! I did read the few reviews on Yelp while he was here and all of the positive comments where spot on! In short if you need a repair guy and don't call John you are doing yourself a huge disservice!" John came over on the same day that I contacted him and he kindly explained to me why my dryer wasn't drying as it normally does. He then advised me on how I can easily fix it on my own! Amazing. I will be calling him when a real repair is needed!  competent service at time of purchase of a single Stihl trimmer and HONESTY in repair service that kept me from buying a new one of same when I didn't need to.  Repairs weren't instant but were done in less than time projected." Can I give no stars.  What a horrible place to get service work done. got an estimate for tune up on a hedge trimmer and a weed eater.   So the hedge trimmer they gave me a horrible estimate that was more than double what it should have been when I said no they told me I owed a 18 dollar fee for the estimate and said I should just leave the trimmer since it is not worth any thing.  I ended up selling for 150 on craigs list FYI with out the tune up.   they even charged to add string to test the weed eater.  Place is a total rip off I will never go again.  I said you wouldn't !!I know you sold it.So the person on the phone became irate and told me he could do what ever he wanted to with my property!! and in fact he did sell it and then he hung up on me!!! If you do need something repaired go to Arizona Tree and Turf Equip Co 1502 W Bell Rd at least they're honest and wont sell your property!!!"  but I brought a lawnmower in for repair. They called me to pick it up and it was $55 or so for the tune up. They said it was working (they also said it was a piece of junk and I should get a new one).  When I went to use it the next week it still didn't work. I just bought a new one elsewhere. It wasn't worth the effort to argue with them on a mower a friend had given me and that someone had left out in the rain (prior to me bringing it in for repair). I was thinking about bringing my pressure washer in for repair This is my go to place for all landscaping equipment purchases and repairs."  I rented an Eleit chipper from American Equipment Rentals(AER). I had never used a chipper and was impressed with the helpful personnel at AER.They walked me through the operation of the machine and even had me bring in some of the shrub that I would be chipping I went here with my grandfather when I was a little kid so we could snake our drains. But I needed to grade my uncles front yard with over 30 tons of dirt and a few other things so I called and try said it would be around $225 for the small or medium skid steer and I got there and billy was great and talked me threw all the procedures and told us to get 2 different buckets (one for moving dirt the other for dragging the high spots down) it was very simple and there machines run great and I will continue to rent from here till they decide to close as I hope that's never and I will always give them a call when I need something for my construction business "out of business on april 30 GJIl37k1Kitq5r43eUZ1Kw  I went back to return the unopened bags and was told I couldn't because I didn't have a receipt. I explained the situation to the manager at the store and customer service online and nobody seemed to give a $%&*. I can't believe Oreck lost a customer over $16." "This is the first time I've had a bad experience at an Oreck store. My 6 year old sweeper suddenly began spewing dirt out. The bag wasn't close to full yet and it didnt appear anything was stuck. The sales associate without opening it up began to insist I needed a new roller brush for $40. When I showed him it looked fine to me and wouldn't that be covered by warranty If you are going to get an Oreck This location on Camelback is CLOSED. Called the number listed here and guy told me closing time but failed to say the number belongs to their Scottsdale and Shea store... quite a drive. "Boo bestbuy. You are a major inconvinience for me. And your employees are brain dead. I only like the fact that you are close to my house The WORST Best Buy I've ever been to.  I was charged $231.27 for an AMP install ... and they crossed the wiring so my right speaker was in the front left and the left speaker was in the right back ... and it kept shorting out on me.  And it sounded like compete shit (go figure) because they never played with the settings.  I went to the Manager Kevin S (he would NOT give me his last name) and he was a total unhelpful prick.  Anthony was the kid who f'ed up my install ... finally I got Keith to FIX the mess up ... Shop ANYWHERE but this store run by complete ASSHOLE PRICKS.  And what ever you do don't let Anthony touch your vehicle! In the words of Napolean Dynamite: ""Gosh it is the one closest to where I live.The staff couldn't care less and customer service is pure crap.I have given up shopping at Best Buy at all because of this one store.I refuse to spend money with a merchant that obviously thinks nothing of their customers.The few times I did go  this place absolutely blows. I'll enter in a new reason (though all mentioned are perfectly valid): Limited Clint Eastwood selections in the movie department. Fie!" I can't comment on anything except for the returns/exchanges department. We went to return a part for a fridge that we ordered online and there was quite a long line by the customer service department (it was lunchtime). They could have brought a few more personnel over to help. The return itself was pretty pain-free - he scanned the item and returned the funds to my credit card.  too. I suppose this is a lesson in backing up one's computer and data. And a lesson to put the computer on a stable surface when doing some supersonic idiotic disconnected not respected rap and dance number from an 80s classic teen movie. I can live with this." I have learned my lesson for the last time.   I will now purchase my electronics from one place and this place is newegg.com  These guys know customer service and have a customer for life." Didn't try too hard to sell me on the Geek Squad warranty.  Left happy and it didn't take forever.  AND I'm typing on my new laptop RIGHT now!" Methinks not.  Never again.  NEVER again." This is not the experience you want when you are making a large financial commitment."  then register ran out of paper once she was ready to process my return and took another 10 minutes for her to find a manger to change the receipt paper.  Employees are rude and mostly brain dead at this store.  I'd rather drive 20-30 minutes to Fry's Electronics in Tempe than ever return to this store again. The manager of this store needs to be fired."  the missing star is because of the douchenozzle manager. The large black guy who runs the store is obnoxious. I have watched him time and time again question employees who are going above and beyond to help me. He questioned the little asian guy who was discounting my computer to make me happy For those of you that order through the website beware!  If you use your debit card you may not be passing go to get your item until 1-2 days later." "Ok has been 7 months since my 1 star rating.  I thought I'd stop in to buy a new camcorder.  BIG MISTAKE.  One guy working in the department while the store manager and other employees talked at the customer service counter about what they watched on TV last night.  After asking 3 times for the camera guy to request some help  Best Buy will always be my go to spot for must have items.  Damn enablers..."  I didn't see a soul that was working in that area until I reached the casher. Casher was very nice gal though I've been a premier silver member for the past few years and just got extended till 2020 so i consider myself a fan of the place. The location is so convenient for me plus i've had nothing but great experiences with the staff. If i've had any problems with an item there's no questions asked and they take it back.  it's Best Buy. But I do love it when they have stuff on sale. ""Sons of Anarchy"" Season Three for $34. What's not to love???"  they have hardly any wireless routers and when you ask somebody a question they are always in a hurry to get away from you to go on break i would not return to this location at all" Customer service here is terrible.  Guy working there wouldn't accept my tv even though it was under warranty.  Finally had to call a manager at a DIFFERENT Best Buy location (Scottsdale) where they told me they would gladly fix my tv for free.  Not worth the hassle to go here.  avoid the one on 20th St & Camelback like the plague  so be sure you check before coming." kEqcAtMaC6hcY8Wbi1nxtA kEqcAtMaC6hcY8Wbi1nxtA "I got appointment with Geek Squad in camelback best buy in phoenix  they sent to my house a personal without any acknowledge about Home theater then we went there last week and they were promoting Direct TV and Cox the Direct TV guy was real nice THEN we happened to pass by the Cox cable guy who wasnt talking to the customers but busy on the phone  got me for $1.75 in gas." Everything i am looking for is always in stock and great service.  Never have to look for someone to help me as their staff is always very quick to notice a customer in need and in helping me find whatever I am looking for.  Great place!  I have no problem with the customer service at this location. But I wish such a big chain would not forget to supply their stores with the simple/affordable options. This could be my old fashioned preference Why are the prices increasing as the competition disappears. Ever since circuit city went under the prices went up drastically. I also don't like when the push the extended warranties. i wonder why this kind of mass commercial mayhem can't break through to mainstream USA. we'd eat it up! we'd gorge ourselves like swine "I went to a best buy in Tempe and was very pleased with the service. This store however has been terrible. The service is slow with long lines and miscommunication between fellow co-workers  the staff has been courteous and helpful. They were especially helpful and patient in helping me navigate the ins and outs of the tablet and the Android world  though it is always really full(the Lot). THey do charge for Delivery. But  Office Depot andstaples  had nothing like it in stock. I call Best Buy before going over. They have it. It's the best price I found from my on-line search. The cust service guy on the phone says he'll hold one up front with my name. No waiting The reviews on yelp or Best Buy aren't that great maybe I should have listened to them." The staff inside this location is the best... always helpful and pleasant to deal with. "Not a big fan of best buy. They are over priced and staff is not helpful. I am surprised that they are still in business. I would shop amazon "Haven't been to a best buy in years because I always had poor customer service. Today was sadly no different. The store was mostly empty and there were plenty of employees around  Yet not one of them stops to ask if you have any questions or need help finding anything. The cashiers are like brain dead zombies. I get asked every time ""Do you have our rewards card?"" I say ""no."" They then continue to ring me out without even telling me about it. Customer loyalty is important in retail. Your doing it wrong Best Buy. I hope that these yelp reviews really make you look at your company and fix it. This review brought to you by all the customers you are pissing off. We now return to our regular scheduled program It is painful to shop at Best Buy even when you know exactly what you want. Best Buy has the worst customer service and they don't care."  and they often have discontinued items on display. lame." I ended up having to return the ""universal"" charger because the adapter plug wouldn't even fit into the camera." Best shopping experience *ever*! Can't believe this kid has only been working for a few months at Best Buy. Valued asset!" Client service is awful. Nobody knows what they can or can't do. Waited on manager to come over to see if they could sell a video game and he said if it's not our policy we can't. Real qualified manager if u don't know the policies. Have had bad experiences multiple times at this location maybe why they have such bad ratings. Try and help the client that is your job don't just try and find every reason why u can't help. The employees of Best Buy are super shady. Purchased over 2000 laptop out of state. Purchased additional ram to be installed by best buy and their geek squad. I stopped by to pick up and they want to charge another $30 for the install. I can't believe how dishonest this company is. The geek squad manager implied she didn't care what the salesman from another store told me. I guess they are all independent!  Customer service is extremely lacking. I knew I should have went to Fry's Electronics!  but I'd happily come buy toys from these people." Was mad at them for making us wait 3 1/2 hours for my roommate to get her pre ordered phone but they let me watch movies and gave me coffee Something that should have been handled by a phone call--cost me an hour of my time--no big deal in the scheme of things--but it could be so much better so easliy--with someone at Best Buy paying attention and following the Nordstrom way."   seriously makes us feel at home. Love it and will always continue our business with bestbuy because of him. Thank you." I am just going to buy what I needed on amazon and do same day delivery - which is free during the Christmas season  this cheap imported crap we're accepting as merchandise has got to stop. I'm now assured that at least 50% of electronics that I purchase will be returned. So what are my options? Usually to buy something more expensive...I guess so I won't take a risk buying from Best Buy again." This is a great Best Buy location and Davey really treated the customer right. Thank you again Davey if you read this You earned a customer for life with me." I pay for tech support... but they aren't much support at all.  I let the geek squad dude know exactly what the issue was and I brought my comp home in the same condition. Ughhh  I would probably never go back. Not worth my time or money" "Selection sucks. I find myself walking in just to walk right out. Not sure why. Maybe the customer service. I am borderline not wanting hear them speak to where the heck is all the employees at. After an altercation with the manager at this store a few years back Could use more curb appeal. However it always has whatever I need in stock and one of the better ones.  I'll go to Fry's or better yet order from Crutchfield."  helped the man and walked away when I felt I had made it clear that I also needed help. I ended up walking out of the store because I would rather take my money somewhere with actual customer service skills. Audio express is right around the corner and is 100% better than best buy for any car audio needs. If I really needed something from Best Buy Vanessa in cameras is very knowledgeable and friendly! Answered every question very professionally! Looking for a tablet.  Jay (Samsung rep) was phenomenal. This man knows more about his products than anyone I have ever met. He is great about helping you compare products. Telling you honestly what each can do and what they can't do. His customer service is above and beyond and very rare these days "Updating my review:  apparently the return policy is 30 days if you're a reward zone member "This place is good for printer ink and paper but the rest of the stuff is overpriced and the staff are not very knowledgeable or helpful really.  The only think I like about this store is the ability to order movies Very nice customer service. My son is very exciting to wait his new season benefit. It's spent his one hour to get the code. I can imagine how patient they are. Excellent customer service and the guy who assisted me with the modem-router was knowledgeable and helpful. My husband and I went in to trade our IPhone 5s in for the new 6s and it took 10 minutes for someone to talk to us. Not that it was busy there were just no workers around.  Then we had one woman ask us if we were next but help someone else instead. Finally we did get someone to help us.  He discussed our current phone plan and our other options. Once we decided which we were going to go with he then had another guy help us.  The entire process took over THREE hours! My husband had work he had to get done and I had to wake up early the next morning.  This process took up our entire evening. "Super irritated! Bought a Bose sound system for just under $1000 and the sales person acted like he was doing me a favor by ""throwing in"" the blue tooth adapter. Come to find out Best Buy threw the adapter in as a bundle because the new Bose models were coming out and the blue tooth is built in. After spending that much money there Thank you so much for your excellent customer service!!! I appreciate the patience and am ecstatic that the item was in the storage facility here as opposed to having to drive to the Thunderbird store. Thanks again!!! Skip an in-store visit and buy whatever you need online. 0 stars for service. Try not to come here."  off the top of my head - he's always been so helpful and cheerful when we check out. I promise you that I have never been treated the way I am here at this location and will not visit any other Best Buy but this one. Thank you store manager for managing your people in such a way that it reflects to your customers; me." And that's just the way it is at this Best Buy." They don't help!!!!! I first went in to get my phone fixed I was told my phone was out of stock !! But I got a box that was supposed to have my new phone in it which was empty! So I called they said the phone is on back order i will get one when they are able to send one out!! So on week 3 i called the rep said that the order was standard so she will switch it! Once it is switch i will get a phone in 2 days (i called on weds it should have been here Friday)  I called back in Friday to check my delivery status and guess what NO REQUEST WAS PUT IN!!! they are the WORST COMPANY Best advice for 'Best' Buy? Just DON'T do it."  their customer service and their desire to make the customer happy!"  I was prepared to BUY). I eventually went on the hunt for an employee. I honestly felt that the employees I did encounter were avoiding making eye contact with me because that would lead to them actually having to do their ""job."" What a concept. I was just about to walk out of the store when my BF cornered an employee for help.  She assisted us (they didn't have what I wanted) and suggested a different store to try. I appreciated her assistance and she was friendly. However  but today went rather well. I went in to have my cell phone upgraded and was helped by an associate named Marcus. He was super friendly and very helpful. Even though he was new Amazing store. Always has been my favorite since a kid."  I had to come leave a review. Thanks Geek Squad  Office Depot andstaples had nothing like it in stock. I call Best Buy before going over. They've it. It is the best price I found from my online search. The cust service man on the telephone says he will hold one up front with my name. No waiting  in here to help. If you need anything I'm over here"" He would not move from in front of the laptops that I wanted to look at and possibly buy. It was no need for him to be aggressive. He could have just waited a few minutes and then sold me a laptop. I left the store without buying one today. I'll be back later in the week. Just poor customer service from this guy."  knowledgeable human being who works in this place. I'd rather be stuck in Newark Airport than shop here."  I said boobies. Sure sign of my gayness. But a shim? How many of you know what a shim is? Hmmm? A shim is a small wooden plank I use to steady a wobbly table. And I looked high and low for these babies. Finally I'm sure I will see you in a few days  avoid this location if you're looking for any type of cutting services for lumber. there machine has been broken since october."  as this is the home depot closest to my flat!" You know what i expect?  I expect a store to stock the things they sell and several others you always make my visits enjoyable." i'll have to change my regular depot to this one if that's the kind of service they offer!"  great customer service coupled with excellent and reasonably priced selection? See ya next Saturday  you usually wait awhile before you really find it. But they have nearly everything and I can always head there when I'm in a bind." "We were on a mission to find insulation that was not cellulose or fiberglass. We found a company online that sells polyester so headed here to find out if they could order it for us. Turns out they could and we ordered enough for our attic and were happy they could help us. However  the have virtually no carts or trollys. To top that off you get accosted by illegal immigrants as drive in to the parking lot and while leaving."  hardware and other goodies.They convenient hours because sometimes I just want to complete a project on a Saturday and they're open 'til 9! I usually spend more than I plan to because they have so much cool stuff. I just wish it were a LITTLE closer to my home." The staff is usually fairly nice and knowledgeable. The rental department seems to have lots of options Lots of parking in the lot. The staff is very helpful and friendly." Extremely helpful and positive staff. Did an online order for pickup and then did some miscellaneous shopping.  Special thanks to Tracie at the customer service desk who directed us away from and to items that were better suited for the job we were doing. I always have a great experience here  Roddy went above and beyond in helping me to resolve an issue with homedepot.com. Thanks to his exceptional customer service If you need to hire some extra hands there are lots of 'employees' waiting outside in the parking lot.  I wouldn't recommend hiring them." I literally only go here because I have to "This location is a total war zone and no one knows what they are doing. Its almost like a Home depot in Mexico City... if there is such a thing. You have to take a number in the paint department... almost like a deli in New York  you will always be lucky enough to find day laborers loitering at the entrance. You'll know your shopping experience is complete when you return to your car to find someone begging for spare change ""to catch the bus""."  let's face it - they're guys helping guys...conversations are stereotypically short and to the point with very few niceties.  The 3 (count them - 3) guys that helped me today were nothing but genuinely friendly.  I would gladly go back without The Boy in tow and feel comfortable knowing at least some of their guys are the good ones there and actually want to help me. :)  (Wish I'd caught their names....I think I was just too busy counting my lucky stars that I didn't have to lift that stupid bucket....)"  and I got to feel hot in the process! WIN!" Chris is awesome! Super knowledgable. Extremely helpful.  but still spend a good chunk of change at this HD and I wanted to know how to make the most of my budget. She explained the spend level I needed to reach discounts and also how the bulk buying worked. Great help for my future jobs!  Thanks!"  I hope you are working this weekend as I am flying in to do a few more projects." Went there last night to get my home key made.  Saw a uniformed Phoenix Police officer in the store.  Not sure if this is a one-time thing or they always have an officer on-duty.  But overall service was great and fast.  Definitely a place to go to for all your hands on projects.  or patio pavers any different from the Del Taco down the street. There also won't be anybody around to help you if you are wondering the difference between Douglas fir and pine. This store is very busy  the staff including the manager running the store finally figured out that the someone had set the door up front in customer service (where the rep who called me said it would be) dahhh.  When I commented on how ignorant everyone was the manager started threatening me and I thought I was going to have to call the police.  I have written a letter to corporate about this store and manager.  If you must shop at Home Depot make sure it isn't this one unless you are experienced in Martial Arts.  It truly is the ghetto and the staff reflect it."  and....even helped me get everything into vehicle.  That kind of customer service is almost extinct and he should be recognized for his effort and professionalism."   but it is hard to deal with.  I used to be in there a lot.  All of the workers bust their guts trying to get the orders out and correct.  They are exceptionally helpful and try their best.  Apparently I was expecting the worst. A day wasted and mess left everywhere. NOPE. On time Love the staff. Very helpful and happy to advise even if the Home Depot cannot be the end supplier. Ask for Tevin ! The best ! DC77ROlgfnpxQNFKQbbpnw DC77ROlgfnpxQNFKQbbpnw  and this is by far the worst one I've been to in the country. I just bought a home in the area and have been to this particular location dozens of times over the last 10 months. The staff is in not knowledgable  I had to snatch a star down because there's a bit of a wait (5-10 min) for assistance every time."  I will drive three times the distance to go to Lowes. I worked at Home Depot as a teenager and I remember managers would chew our asses if we didn't greet every customer and asked if they needed assistance. I guess standards for hiring have gone way downhill. I wasted an hour of my day."  but it had all I needed for my fence / gate project. This store appears to be fully stocked and prepared for all the odd requests. It was slammed this morning with other people's Saturday projects but it seemed to handle the traffic well. I will definitely be back to this location."  it usually done with minimal personality and little to no professionalism." I'm in and out of this store allot and for being a very busy HD they normally have what I need and plenty of checkout lines open."  even a 1 star review if far too generous. Its a shame; they lost any chance of my next order which would have been about another 3K in a week. Their loss is Lowe's gain." "Let's be clear; still unacceptable to put a pallet of blocks on a slope. Still I am updating as HD did address my issue reasonably regarding the incomplete order. . Really the 5 stars to belong to three ladies who work there. Period. One; the lady near the car  loading area on managed account side (right entrance if facing) there almost every day. Two; the lady with the blonde braids today in tools that helped me find a pair of overpriced  you can find anyone to help you). No one is ever in the lumber dept. and only one person in the paint dept." The meth-addicts in the parking lot don't help either. I would be really scared if my wife said ""I'm headed to Home Depot; be right back.""" home depot....again another disappointment" I came to this Home Depot couple months back but never wrote a review. When I came to this Home Depot I bought over $1000 worth of material to build a fence for my backyard. I've had the worst service I've ever had and probably my whole life. I bought a bunch of fences and it took them over four hours to take him all the way to the front. It was it due to high busyness in the store for the store was pretty empty. Who is the lack of employment that was inside the store. To where you can barely find any of employees that could help you with anything. Yet there contradicting their own logo as in how can I help you. I actually drive miles out more further to different Home Depot just so I can get the right customer service that I'm looking for. I would recommend this Home Depot to anybody I know it's a franchise and everyone knows what Home Depot is but this Home Depot is as if it wasn't part of the other Home Depot's I feel like they do their own thing and it's horribly managed. It's sad to say but now I understand that everything points to the leaders of a business. Also the location is always packed and I run into a lot of people who do not speak English"  roaming the aisles like a kid in a candy store DC77ROlgfnpxQNFKQbbpnw They made me wait for 20 minutes to get some wood cut and never shows so I left to go to Lowe's where I got Service. This Home Depot Poor service. This was the 2nd store that day in the same area where I had problems with people in their customer service departments. Maybe it is due to the area which is a low rent area which of course attracts a different type of customer."  but not this one! The customer service here is just horrendous and the vast majority of the employees have no clue what they're talking about. Anytime I try to make a return they make up new return policies and interrogate me like I'm some sort of criminal. Just go to a different Home Depot." "Quick and efficient service. Needed a truck for rental tried to do the math on it all to get the best deal vs renting with uhaul. Uhaul charges by the mile "Horrible customer service! People around here don't know where their own items  are. Then midway to finding the right aisle in the store the guy helping me stops to help another customer and leaves me walking on my own. when I find the area myself he doesn't even ask if there is anything else I need. Maybe the fact that I'm picking up a tool cabinet and I can't carry this shit myself  only measured and that it would take 1-2 weeks to actually install (if I was lucky) I tried to figure out what I could do to get this door in as quickly as possible. Getting their door department on the phone was near impossible. I spent more than 15 minutes on hold on three separate occasions and got disconnected twice. Having them look up my order was like pulling teeth and half the time they said they couldn't find it. It was a nightmare. All I wanted was a back door. I ended up using Serviz and they were fantastic. If you need a door Bill deserves Employee of the Month for going above and beyond!!!!!"  which was in the shopping cart.  We cancelled it through the credit card company  all of the time. Can be messy/disorganized. I would call customer service lackluster but you'd be lucky to get any help at all. Hopefully you know what you need and where to find it."  which is why the manager refuses to make shopping at this store any easier. The tighter that he cuts the staff and the least inventory he keeps on hand bodes well for his bottom line. As I write this I've been waiting 20 minutes for someone to come and get a product off the top rack. Pathetic!!!!" I love this place especially because my daughters and I are starting our little garden of flowers can't wait for the outcome  and represent under 10% of the people I have to deal with ."  not one person asked if I needed help after being in the store for 30 minutes looking for one thing. Terrible customer service. Lily at the self checkout was rude and not helpful at all. When I asked to speak to a manager about her rudeness you go there thinking you will get a good deal but believe me you can do better at Home Depot I bought 3 gas stoves for $349 each plus delivery found better ones at Home Depot for $329 I had already purchased the $349 so it was too late but guess what I'll be at home depot next time.  and they deliver and set up without my havng to look over their shoulders and they don't add on a bunch of extras like Home Depot." I will use them again and again for appliance repairs. Superior service at fantastic prices." "I had purchased the entire kitchen appliances that were used reconditioned appliances with warranty's of six months below  $1200.00 stove  set up an appointment and called me back with a diagnosis.  The unit had to be replaced.  An estimate was emailed to me and a they followed up with a call to me to review estimate.  Everything was handled by B and B.  Great service!!" I have had them out to my home multiple times over the past year to repair a number of older appliances and they always do a great job the first time."  it was broken from day one. Told me they would replace it with the exact same model. They brought something totally different. Oh well  friendly & didn't cost an arm & a leg (: Thanks!" When it rains it pours! Dishwasher just took a dive - tech came out ... too pricey to fix - gave me 1/2 store credit from service call fee & went on in bought a dishwasher had it installed the next day. Simple & easy =  my favorite thing. "These guys (and gals) are terrific.  Good inventory of high quality second hand goods Thanks for only charging the 5% restocking fee for the washer/dryer that luckily wasn't unloaded from the truck (percentage charged by visa?) as opposed to the usual 20%."  give them a shot. You will pay a little more but not much and much more convenient. A friend recommended them to me and I was very pleased." Still extremely happy with our new washer.  We bought our machine without even going into the store (I know that sounds crazy but it worked out)." Sure hope this isn't how they ordinarily conduct their business  just dropped off my stove that no one on the planet could figure out how to get it to work with propane and not only did it only cost me $70 but they did the work same day!  What else is there to say??  I am so pissed that I spent money to have 2 other people come out and take my money to leave me with a stove that still does not work.  I am such in a good mood that I dont have to get screwed anymore "I have been shopping here pre yelp and I must say over the last 15 years I have had nothing but excellent customer service and superior pricing. The sales people are honest and forthcoming about all new and used appliances they carry. My most recent experience was outstanding . Additionally I saved four hundred dollars compared to the place that advertises the lowest prices. They have a no pressure sales staff Scheduled an appt.  Called to follow up on day they were to show up and didn't have me down.  Should have listened to the other  yelp reviews...  was again there for a couple hours after realizing it was not able to be repaired.  Only charged me $25.  Really great guy.  The only reason I didn't use him this time was because I couldn't find his number.  Unfortunately  fast delivery and great service. Will buy again Amazing quality and service. The minute I walked in I was greeted by a professional and helpful staff member and helped me get my new washer and dryer. I had spent years with cehap products never knowing what to buy. Finally B&B came to the rescue and helped me get the best washer and save money. From the purchase to the delivery and installation I cannot say enough great things about B&B! We have had rental properties for 5 years and B& B is our go to for appliances and service. The employees are very helpful and knowledgable. Sometimes we buy new and some times we buy used. The employees have always been very helpful to help way out the pros & cons and make sure we get the best for our situation . I can't write a review without mentioning the great service dept. We have had nothing but great experience when we have needed something fixed and repaired. Great combination of new and refurbished stock. Easy to work with and prompt. Good business to business owner. Recommended  delivered timely. Love the warranty and prices. I would recommend them to anyone!"  they handled it well. Previous experience had all been 5 stars but it was a little frustrating dealing with a dishwasher that never worked. 4 stars We could not be happier and will continue to use them for all our appliance needs - they are the best." Outstanding service. Mike blessed us today and we hope we can return the favor and pay it forward. They will have our business for years to come. We were looking for a local business with heart and we found it!!!  and fridge all under $1300 and they were able to deliver the next day." I will be recommending this store to everyone I know who needs any new appliances"  and went out of his way to keep looking while we decided on a few details. Delivery and install went smoothly as well I can 100% guarantee that the next time I need to replace something I will be calling up B&B." I found B&B Appliance customer service and quality of appliances to be top notch!  I went in today to purchase a new microwave.  I found their pricing competitive to the big Box stores.  I will definitely buy from them again in the future. "When our washer crapped out we were dreading doing research and paying too much. Obviously went to B&B bc it's highly recommended and its in our hood! We were in and out in no time! This place is the way to go! Our guy was honest and super helpful. For $50 bucks they deliver and take away the old washer. So thankful for B&B! We didn't have to spend our Saturday shopping for washers  or a dozen different kinds of herbs for my most recent foray into window box gardening.  They are cheap as can be  be recognized for working hard and to enjoy where we work and who we work for.  It was a nice eye-opener to see how a huge American retailer has instilled such loyatly and pride in its team members." The fact that it's pretty easy to find a decent parking spot and the people in the store are generally helpful in directing you to the correct aisle or recommending just the right do-dad to fix your whatchamacallit The carry almost everything I need on any given visit." If you thought this was useful  but was able to cut the copper tubing I needed to get done.  This location is solid in service and what I also notice that there are a couple workers with disabilities that are just as capable and helpful as those without.  Kudos to this location for their diversity in their team."  and friendly.  The installation went well with a completed job in a few hours. I would recommend the window buying and installation process from Home Depot to everyone." The selection and in stock status of this particular location is very good.  The store is always clean and they will help you load bigger stuff if you need it.  That's a win-win for me as I cannot lift heavy stuff." most people don't see the difference in service at all the home depots but i do every ones knowledgeable and will help you with everything.i have had no problems at this place. the only thing is vic at the return desk i call him pony tail because he has a pony tail. but he just rushes every thing but anyway i never leave with out spending at least $100. this home depot always has everything i need plus a little bit more . this is the home depot you want to go to out of any of the other locations "I am far from handy so I usually like to go to small places like Ace hardware because I know im going to get personal help all the time versus trying to chase somebody down at a big warehouse only to find out they have to chase somebody down in that department (you all know what im talking about).  Well this home depot is not like that.  Most of the employees are actually giving you eye contact and care to assist.  I was building a wooden shelf display for my business and didn't know what type of wood In all fairness the workers are friendly and do not let you just drift around the warehouse."  a good place to shop. This the the best Home Depot and hardware store in the area. They have helpful courteous staff members and good prices. For such a large warehouse it is easy to move around in and find what you need."  I went to Lowes and found a similar hot water heater and their contractor and installation price ($275.00) were both aligned with my expectations." fumble when I complained to them looking for help with Maytag. Woo hoo! I'm a fan."   Chuck and few others. if it wasn't for those few guys I would rate this place with 1 star." Hadn't been to this HD location in a while.  The last time it left a lot to be desired but this trip was quite nice.  The store was clean and they had plenty of the gardening supplies I was after at a terrific price.  The staff was very courteous and helpful as well. Great store! The employees are always friendly and helpful. The store is clean and the inventory is good. I like that there is an online inventory system! I'm usually at my local depot in NY. I was on a trip and checked out some appliance. The prices are way off and over priced! I noticed how they got more crazy pricing out here then in NY. I tried to tell them about some deals I get in NY. And they weren't doing anything like that either. I didn't purchase anything.. Was feeling great on the transaction. So I shopped around.  others are oblivious. Visit the Home Depot during off hours / slow times to get some real help. The sub contracting of delivery and install is a huge weakness. Home Depot uses the bottom of the barrel providers when it comes to delivery and installs. If you can possibly buy appliances and other products that require delivery or install elsewhere The kids classes on the weekend are fun for my son but the one time I took a class on how to make a rolling storage cart I showed up and there was no one there to teach the class. 30 minutes later after I already started to walk out they found someone teach it." I'm not sure if Joaquin and Johnathan at the paint counter were having a bad day or what...but they were quite rude. I stood and waited patiently at the counter they did not greet or make eye contact with any of the customers. When it came to my turn I waited for them to finish what they were doing and when 2 customers appeared they helped them. I was kind of shocked. I was with my fianc and couldn't believe it. Joaquin made eye contact with me a few times as he was working with one of the customers that went in front of me. I finally had to ask an employee that just arrived for help. These guys obviously hate their jobs or need a vacation. Disappointed with blatantly callous and childish behavior. We received excellent service. Hayden had a smile and was going the extra mile to check the price of an item for us. Mike was on break but noticed the item we wanted didn't have a tag and jumped in anyways. Although the store was hectic due to the holidays the customer service from these two were above and beyond. It isn't the closest location to me  he doesn't wanna help me and when he did he was giving us horrible attitude and almost screaming at me!!! Like they ganna give me shit for free Pretty good selection. Busy on Saturday mornings. Good prices. Hard to find someone to help when you need it.  this home depot is like any other home depot. Solid and cheaper than other home improvement places. The parking lot is a bit chaotic Communication issues... Bunch of rednecks around this place. A word of warning. Ask for your credit card back because the cashiers just forget it and then if you call back they pretend to have returned it to you...  I would rarely come to this store." My second and third experience here was purchasing Christmas lights with my brother. My brother drove so my insecurity in the parking lot went right out the window due to him having a huge truck. I think guys have a sixth sense for where items are located because he went straight in said ""hi"" to the greeter who was in the process of offering help and found the holiday light section. I wanted icicles so he grabbed them (or what he thought was icicles) They just delivered the dryer this morning and they showed up on time and literally within 15-minutes it was set up  but show me the cheaper items that meet my needs (and that's the one I almost always walk away with).  They also know how to translate my 'I don't really know the proper way to tell you what I need Will not return to this location."  is the parking lot.  It is one of the most horrific layouts every conceived.  The perimeter is a maze of bullsht and I almost get in an accident every time.  I would literally slap whoever came up with the design."  this is a toy store for big boy's!!!!!!!!!  I could get lost in the tool section for hours Stop me already. I cannot get out of here without spending a few Franklins. Definitely the place to get your stuffs. Got to get the crew back to work. Me myself and I and maybe a friend or two. Beers on me fellows. I hope we actually get something done. Yikes!"  and I'm not even sure if I had the correct receipt. But the guy at the return desk was awesome. He had to get on the phone and pull some string  that money is going to Lowes on FLW down the street.  They screwed up bad.  I have also offered the services of my (very good) attorney to my contractor So 2 of my 3 items had been previously owned and returned/refurbished. If I wanted refurbished items I would have bought them on eBay for 1/3 of the price." "My husband wanted to come in here and check out a jigsaw he saw online. They didn't have the one he wanted so they offered to call another store but they didn't have it either. I didn't know jigsaws were so in demand! Lol  this place makes you feel like you are that day's only customer...  The entire staff went above and beyond to help me locate 5 small items Came here recently to do some shopping on dining room lights.  Saw a lot of lights but didn't see anything I like.  So I had to shop somewhere else.  I wonder how much their electricity costs monthly with all the lights lit all day long.  thanks for supporting basketpong home depot. Oh they have really good 'helpers' willing to work cheap conveniently located it all Home Depot parking lots lol" This location is well stocked and the garden section has great seasonal stuff. I'm here once a week thanks to my dog constantly destroying the yard. Maybe I need to yelp a pet trainer instead."  that does not work. During the first 3 years you must return it to Ryobi and they will determine if it needs a tune up $80.00 or if it defective. REALLY.  As far as I am concerned "I just moved to the area. I'm planting an herb and flower garden in our backyard. I can't say too many great and amazing things about the service. It's a big box store so my expectations aren't high but this store exceeds in all categories. Emily was my assistant she was amazingly knowledgable  very bad experience. Learn from my mistakes." If I could give negative stars I would do so . I will be contacting the better business bureau as well to file a complaint. Let's go back to sept 2014 I was excited to our beautiful custom front entry double doors in a rustic design for my beautiful scottsdale home. I'm told doors will arrive by late October no problem or so I thought . I receive a call early November stating my doors were in so my contractor picked them up and took out my old doors. First problem to arise was they were pre drilled which we were very specific when sitting down with Blaze the door order man. I figured ok I can work past this then there was a large chunk out of the door in the astrick as well as they did not properly do the recess of the door causing it to not lock or close properly ? Omg many of these issue back and forth with 2 different store managers I have ordered 3 doors all of which have arrived Damaged !!!! Wtf people do your job and give it a quality inspection before calling client to let them know their product is in. It's now end of March I'm still yet to receive my doors. Time to file a complaint and contact 3 on your side . Stay far away from Home Depot unless you want to be treated like dirt and have you're money stolen from you. "I am a general contractor. This is a great Home Depot. They have knowledgeable staff -1 stars cause it is a bit pricier than some other chain home improvement stores."  but their hands are tied as we are all waiting on a 3rd party."  was greeted by friendly staff and quickly found the coffee and restrooms. The coffee was hot and the bathrooms were clean. Everything that I needed was easy to find and the prices were all appropriate."  is willing to sell defective products and could care less.  After waiting 30 minutes Thanks to both of you gentleman. Our project was a success!"  not keeping an appt and not recognizing that the dual unit was never hooked up only one pump has worked ( the smaller since day 1). the issue was brought to our attention as we had enough of Orangutan warranty service co and called our own recommended company who stated that the unit was never installed properly and they cannot fix because wires were never run from the larger pump. We were disgusted that home depot company never mentioned to us and after much communication over the last month "Why I Love Home Depot.  Bought a new LG washer and dryer for our son for Christmas (actually had it installed the day after Thanksgiving). 36 days later the washer is leaking at the door. Went to Home Depot and they gave me the LG Service number (which didn't thrill me). Called LG and they wanted me to trouble shoot the washer myself. Not happening. Went back to Home Depot and expressed my displeasure and John (super helpful sales guy) called Dawn (awesome manager) and a half hour later I was out of there with a delivery date for my son's NEW washer.  Dawn said to John ""we need to make this right""....and they did!!!"  but the woman at returns did not make me feel welcome at all. I was exchanging two ratchets that broke for my husband. After waiting in line I get to desk and the lady with really short hair tells me I need to take them to hardware and ask the hardware guy if I can exchange them. What? When did this policy start? I was confused because they never said that before with any other Husky brand tools I've done this with. They have a lifetime guarantee. So I go to hardware and find a young kid who has only been there few months. He was very friendly but had no idea what I was talking about. So I grabbed my replacements and headed back to the desk to wait in line again. I got a different lady who was friendly and began the even exchange. Here comes miss snoody pants  this store is the best from the wonderful contractors checkout people like Linda that has been there forever and always makes you feel special to the amazing Pro desk where everyone is knowledgeable  and it appears as if customers are a nuisance when engaging with store personnel.  I recently bought 25k worth of items and will never utilize Home Depot again for any large purchases." The paint department at this Home Depot is totally inept any customer service whatsoever. I can't give a negative rating so I gave a 1 star rating. I waited in line for 10 minutes while they took care of a customer and then got a gentleman who talked to me about my paint. I only needed one court for the inside door I picked the red he said it would show up pink so I went to pick another color and came back. I was standing there and he wasn't waiting on anyone yet....then all of a sudden  a man showed up....and he immediately decided that he would take care if him instead if me. I waited another 10-15 minutes and this girl was done with her large order......told her what I wanted and she told me to come back on 10 minutes......I returned in 15 minutes she was waiting on someone else.....my paint still needed to be mixed. I needed one semi gloss quart if paint how damn hard could that be????? Certainly will not be coming back to Home Depot anytime soon. Ace is a smaller family hardware store but certainly has 100% better customer service! "Complete garbage.... Went to talk to the rental equipment department as my wife and I purchased a new home and are looking to heavily change up our backyard... Rude customer service... Treated me like I had no idea what I was doing and basically turned me away Dedra at the customer service center was a breath of fresh air.. All other employees are a bunch of screw ups DONT hire for a kitchen remodel at all F5-k-QxSGuK3oGNMknFFDw I just stood there and remembered all the other times I get no help from this location I Left!!!! I will go to ACE Hardware were I know they will help me without wasting my time The customer !!!!!!" 