I recommend Burland.  HIGHLY." Bring everything to these folks - they are eager to assist you and offer honest  great place.  I will definitely be back!"  and after reading the other reviews on this page I had my heart set on finding the perfect ring there. A week later we were walking out of the store with it. The entire experience there was perfect. I love my ring. We worked with Jan who was so sweet and couldn't possibly have been more helpful. They worked with my budget We found the prefect wedding ring for my finance here.  We had a heck of a time finding something he liked and that looked good on him.  Trish and Helen were both super helpful and very friendly.  Our perfect and unique wedding band was ordered and came in very quickly - it looks perfect!  We are so glad we came in! Let's just hope the love of my life will have it!" I needed a replacement watch battery for a movado watch and had limited time before businesses were closing. Called around and was getting ridiculous quotes of more than $50. Called burland and they welcomed me and fixed my battery in less than 10 minutes & less than $10. They were very friendly to top it all off. Roommate needs to get a watch fixed and I'm definitely referring him here. Thanks I know where I'm going when I need a real watch repair or just a watch battery or want to pick up some bling."  but they're next to a great little mom and pop Italian deli. Beautiful jewelry and delicious subs? Score!!" I appreciate how well I was treated even though I wasn't dropping a dime on their merchandise.  If I am ever in the market for some beautiful fine jewelry  cut and clarity. They took the time to show us what they had in stock and were very friendly and professional. We did pick out a diamond and a setting that day. They held it for us until we made our final decision. There was absolutely no pressure to buy. In fact they understood that we wanted to look at other places before making that final commitment. After looking at a few more places and not getting as good a service as we did at Burland we decided to go with the first one that we had picked out. They made the experience of looking for the prefect ring so pleasant. We were so impressed by them So I am such a procrastinator! Went in on Thursday 10/13 4pm to find a wedding band to match my Tiffany's princess cut with bezel setting. Trish was awesome I showed her kind of what I wanted and she had a band and had it altered and it was ready that Saturday 10/15! amazing people! I will so be back to have any jewelry made or sized. Or anything for that matter. Great prices for what they have. I love this store. Got my engagement ring and wedding rings here. They have less-pricey stuff too! Employees are super nice. I was so happy that I found this place.  I was looking for the perfect ring for that perfect question.  Helen and Jan were so wonderful they worked for 2 hours to find the right one and even though they didn't have it in the store they offered to order it so I could see it with no pressure to buy.  The ring was even more perfect.  Let's just say someone is going to be happy at Christmas!  what a great little family owned business that has a great selection of jewelry at a great value.  This place doesn't do well because it is at a great location it does well by its customers and has been in the area for year.  I discovered it going to Nicoli's Italian grocery next door when I lived in the area.  Check it out and you will see the great people that work here." "This place is great! The people are very nice and helpful. I got a sterling silver ring for Christmas and it needed to be sized up... not even a full size. I was so distraught when I couldn't find a single jeweler who would re-size it. Then I found Burlands. Not only did they re-size it for me items here? All that and a family friendly atmosphere."  Mark and all their staff treat you nto as customers but as friends they want to keep.  They exemplify the kind of business I want to do business with!" I can't say enough good things about Burland." "What a great bunch of people! Very nice to work with and very reasonably priced. I needed some work done on my wedding set & had taken my rings to a ""big name"" chain at the mall for an appraisal. They quoted me 4x's more than what Burland's charged me. Definitely will recommend this shop to all my friends and will use them again." "I was very fortunate to inherit my grandmothers platinum engagement ring. When the time came to propose to my sweet woman What a great local shop run by genuine and skilled people! I would definitely not hesitate to come back for my future jewelry needs and I highly recommend Burland to others looking to get an appraisal."  Mark. They were great to work with and had all of my pieces ready in less than a week (took them in Friday and they were ready Wednesday as promised).  They cleaned the rings I was wearing for free when I brought in my pieces and gave me scrap credit for what was removed from the restyled piece. Prices were very reasonable for repair work and a gold chain and silver necklace that I also bought. I was pleased to see a nice selection of quality gems in appropriate settings in their cases -extra points for not carrying ""chocolate"" diamonds (aka charcoal) or other nonsense.  Will definitely be sending the husband there for special occasion shopping!  So glad to find a family-owned jeweler with old-fashioned values." I went to Burlands to redesign my fiance's  mom' s ring into my engagement ring. From the moment I met Jan I knew I was in great hands. Burlands provided me the creativity to update the ring within an amazing time frame and it was extremely reasonable! I will never go anywhere else! My fianc and I were thrilled at the outcome as was my future mom! Thank you Burlands!  and it needed a new battery as well.  I called ahead and asked if they did watched repair which they said they did. While they did replace the battery they maladjusted the watchband and as a result the watch would not latch.  This was very disappointing since it now fit worse than before. The young man who had been helping me admitted to not knowing what he was doing and that they did not have a watchmaker on staff and was kind enough not to charge me for the battery.  He meant well so the experience wasn't a total bust. However if you are looking for a ring or other jewelry." We just went in to see if they would resize a cheaper watch and the gentleman there offered to do it for free! What a great group of people working there. "I received a necklace a few years ago as a gift and it's absolutely beautiful but I knew it would see the sunshine more often if it was a ring.  I took my beloved necklace to these folks to create a sparkly new ring.  It took about two weeks and it was reasonably priced (I think?  This is honestly the first time I've ever had a custom piece made).  They were very friendly and accommodating.  Location-wise "Great service.  No pressure. Honest and reasonable pricing. Why would anyone ever go to a chain location?  This place is great  and had many repairs and I have no complaints. I brought my daughters necklace for a simple repair and they did it for free cause they didn't have to use any new materials. My son wanted to change something on his class ring and they were very honest and told us how to get the changes done for a cheaper cost. I love their honesty. They always remember our names when we come in. We are life long customer." "We got engaged and needed rings. Off we set on the ring-buying adventure and while it was entertaining and slightly horrifying to hit the mall and other chain retailers- think new car-buying at it's worst- eventually we needed to get down to brass tacks. I yelped jewelry stores in the area and up came Burland. Intrigued by the reviews "Wonderful and honest.  You feel like your home.  Out of three estimates for my estate jewelry  maybe they had something that would have worked. Oh well... there are other jewelers in town."  excellent service & beautiful quality jewelry!"  but we surprised once again when we were charged only $40! The service was great and it was so nice to know the ring was in great hands. I got the ring after the weekend and it was flawless. It looks brand new!" I know very little about jewelry so I always worry that I'm going to get fleeced.  This family-owned business appreciates each and every customer.  I will definitely return."  and were able to put into action the additions that I requested. We also purchased my husbands wedding ring through Burland. It was so unique and not like anything found in those big box jewelry stores. Even though there was a delay in some bands ordered for my ring  their incredible customer service is not to make up for a lack of quality products. They have a beautiful selection "Wow! Never thought it would be so easy to purchase wedding bands. Very impressive service and prices. Went to Tiffany and other jewelers and found it astonishing how much they overprice their jewelry. I worked with the dad and one of his sons and granddaughter. All so intelligent  and Trish was always extremely helpful & bent backwards to make sure everything was perfect. I will never go anywhere else... We love Burland!" "Such an amazing jewelry shop.  My fianc and I went to Shane Co and had a nice experience but we really wanted to support a local shop if we could. Not only did Burland search and find me the exact ring I wanted "If I could give them more stars I would! They went over and beyond to get my rings finished!! It's hard to find great customer service and great prices! They definitely have the whole package! I Love them! Excellent team! I cannot thank you enough Larry  the ring could not have been more perfect and my fiancee absolutely loves it.  We'll be back." This place was amazing they seem to have a huge selection all I was doing was getting a ring resized there price was awesome and they are externally helpful and professional can't wait to get the ring back Hidden gem! I found an awesome family owned and operated spot! Great staff on top of  the Awesome service! Great prices! I'll be back! Awesome customer service! I had my wife's grandfathers ring repaired here and it was a job well done.  The ladies who helped me were over-the-top nice and even offered me a COLD bottled water as I waited for another quick fix.  I would reccomend this place for all jewelery repairs.  Great service and very fair pricing.  gave my kids ring pops and helped my mom and I figure out what to do with an heirloom ring someday down the road when we decide to split up the stones.  All told  but I was on an unreasonably tight deadline and ended up finding one somewhere else. But Burland were the most friendly and generous and personalized service and this is where we will take all our repeat business. They are so kind and we feel like special customers. We even sent a wedding photo to them with our thank you! Thank you so much and I would advise anyone to go here - they will certainly help order in if they don't have something and their service is beyond anywhere else." Being in a jewelry store is not secondhand to me but I feel well supported here!" I got the most amazing engagement ring! Burland is awesome!! Go here! My fiance and I are so happy we did. Marc Will find you the perfect stone! on a limited budget we bought a beautiful ring. This experience changed my opinion of jewelry stores all together.No more mall stores for me-truly a blessing to find this store."  but there was some excess glue type stuff on the ring and the pearl and the pearl was placed in the ring slightly off center. I am grateful that they fixed my ring  I decided to just wear them on different fingers. But the nice woman and gentleman gave me a ring guard and spray (to clean my rings) for free! Great customer service. I'll definitely be coming back for future needs."  then Burland is the place.  I won't go anywhere else!" "My wife and I had a fantastic experience at Burland and will continue to seek their expertise for all of our jewelry needs. Back in December we brought our wedding rings in to be sized - they had been purchased elsewhere. They discovered a problem with one of our pieces and immediately helped us to contact the original artist and obtain a replacement piece. Both Larry and Trish worked diligently and helped make our rings available under a tight time crunch by our wedding date - even under the pressure of holiday rush. In January Burland also completed our appraisals on each piece so we could add them as scheduled property to our insurance policy. All of their staff is equally friendly and honest with their advice. After our experiences here  you haven't even been able to wear your ring yet?! So this was Saturday afternoon shortly before they close and they called me to pick it up on Monday! It is a very family friendly and family oriented store. We came back to get my wedding band here and will be handling all of our fine jewelry needs through Burland! Amanda also helped him pick out my valentine's gift :) thank you "Burland has done several repairs for me on several different pieces of jewelry.  They are a family owned/ran company and great with customer service.  They were upfront about pricing and called if there was any additional work needed.  They do custom work as well very clean and fantastic customer service!" "Great service- I had a Gucci watch refurbished for my daughter.  The staff is very friendly- I enjoyed looking at many different jewelry options.  Beautiful silver collection (my favorite.)  A little bit out of my way but well worth the trip for special repair or requests.  I would like to see more of a selection "I went in because someone told me my diamonds were loose. As it turns out they were not. They cleaned my rings Very friendly and expert staff! Were able to get my fiance's ring sized down in under and hour for about $50. Would highly recommend it to anyone! Went in to have my band on my watch shortened & Marc did such an awesome job.! He made sure it was the right size on both my wrists since I am ambidextrous!! And then he gave it to me for free I had to double check -- never met such a nice man!! I took a look around their jewelry selection is small but they have some unique pieces-defiantly a place to check out when I want to purchase another fine piece of jewelry for myself. I left there feeling I have found MY jewellers! Will definitely be going back."  she scoffed and looked over at her colleague and blurted out that it wasn't real and that she could have another one of her colleagues look at it for us.  Then she looked up at my fiance and said that emeralds are just as expensive as diamonds and if it were a genuine emerald that he would've paid well over $50k for it.  I really don't appreciate her nose-in-the-air demeanor for the fact that we were unaware that emeralds are as costly as diamonds and to imply that I am going to base my love and acceptance of an engagement over the cost of a ring.  For the record "My fianc bought my ring here and I'm glad he did! I wouldn't recommend going to a corporate store just to pay a huge markup. We got a beautiful ring for a fraction of what you'd get at the big names places. Plus when I accidentally broke my ring I cannot say enough about how amazing these guys are. My husband custom made my engagement ring here and after he proposed we returned to have it sized and purchase his wedding ring. The staff all seems to be family and are SO friendly. They have always been extremely responsive and helpful. We even returned just recently when I was pregnant for a ring representing my daughter and they were so happy for us and our new addition. We will continue to come here for all our jewelry needs in the future and encourage everyone we know to do the same. This family owned & operated store is the best.  Everyone is friendly and they're always willing to help you out.  So I had some spare diamonds and my mother in-laws ruby ring and wanted to create something out of it.  I worked with Amanda who came up with my necklace design and I love it!  they know how to do business the right way!  The Burland Jewelry Center still knows the meaning of customer service.  Everyone I encountered in their store was extremely friendly  he suggested that dipping the rings would make more sense financially and we did it! They also sized the rings and took off the soldering that my mom had previously done. Everything cost about $160 and the results were amazing! Marc did inform me that after time the white gold would wear off  especially Trish were extremely genuine and I got to know each on a first name basis and they lit up each time I came in. I had such a great time forming a bond with the folks here and couldn't think of anyplace better to go! I'm happy to report I gave her the beautiful Asscher cut ring they helped me piece together last night and she is so excited to sport it on her finger. It is just absolutely stunning. Thank you guys so much for the quality  I left ready to bring in my Burberry for my next stop here for a new battery.  This saved me considerable $$ over previous places in the mall.  Best of all its close to my neighborhood." "Just wow! From the minute I stepped in through the doors I was treated like gold! I needed to change out a diamond stone in a ring and they priced it reasonably "I've had three pieces of jewelry repaired at Burlands in the past year and they do exceptional work at prices so low I'm shocked every time they hand me the bill! I saved over one hundred dollars by having them repair and service my 15 year old Movado watch. I highly recommend them for their skill "Burland Jewelry was a lifesaver the week before my wedding when I was given my grandmothers old ring and wanted to take the stones out and put them into a necklace to wear on the big day. Trish was so helpful and we picked the perfect setting. She had it to me the day before my wedding and it is beautiful. Thanks "I found this place from Yelp reviews & I'm glad I did.  Wonderful job sizing my ring.  Final price was even a little less than the quote.  I think they have a unique variety of contemporary jewelry.  Staff are friendly  I needed my wedding set sized and they took care of that for less than another store quoted. All in all  I am so happy this was my first choice! I received the best treatment with absolutely no pressure. My now fianc and I chose a beautiful ring we both loved. Thank you to the Burland team! Especially Trish! You helped me and my fianc feel very at ease! I felt welcomed "Awful! Bars on the doors locking you in like a cage entrance. I was hesitant about going into such a locked in establishment - I didn't know this was the ghetto nor did they have any fine jewelry on display. Customer service was horrific! The jeweler {Mark} was arrogant and disrespectful and offered less than scrap gold value for over $10 