FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! . . . . BRING ON THE BEER!"  but at least it's different from going to an ordinary restaurant." sbW8qHJgzEIH42B0S-3New I like the atmosphere.  I like the bar area.  Perhaps next time we'll just stop by for drinks instead." Food is just ""ok"" Drink prices are fair but not great." Overall Dave and buster's is unique to the Waterfront  fun and laughter and maybe stop somewhere else for drinks and a bite to eat (skip the bountiful chains that span the Waterfront and try Blue Dust on Amity Street)." The manager was really nice... Of course that disgusting sandwich that I didn't eat was free."  so I can't rate the restaurant part of Dave and Busters." "We came here on a Saturday night and luckily it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be. I love playing ticket games so luckily there were a lot of games to chose from and not many video games (sorry video game lovers!) We only played $20 worth of games and surprisingly we were there for awhile. I love their new Wheel of Fortune game! On our first play There are so many other choices for lunch that are local and close.  I would definitely recommend another in Squirrel Hill - I suggest you use Yelp to find you a better one (then come back and play! ;-) )"  I had a bar tab (that wasn't out of control) and my night ended up costing me $60" "I love Dave and Busters!!  It is a great place to go when you are wanting to have a great time with a great group of friends.  If you find you and your friends bored on a Friday or Saturday night "Dave and busters is the best place to eat and play games. There is many fun games and prizes to win. I highly suggest if you want to plays games  I didn't like my experience at Dave and Busters. I remembered it being a fun place to go and unwind as an adult. but between all the kids and the crappy service Not a cheap night out you will end up spending money here.  But it is busy fun entertaining and a good time out.  I ate dinner here and the food was great i also played pool and the arcade games.  my Tropical Mojito was awesome! My friend and I are definitely planning on going back on a Wednesday for half-price games AND half-price drinks."  but only order beer at the bar and don't expect a smile."  but only after I eat elsewhere first." - Fun time overall with the wife." Mediocre service. COLD food! Our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted. Bland food. Crazy overpriced. Long waits in the arcade. 1 beer per hour maximum.  Avoid at all costs. Fair manager.  we had empty glasses and our waitress had never even come around to see if we needed refills except for one time. She said she'd come back right away with our refills...yea * they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having a guardian over 30 years old" We went before 9 pm and there were a ton of kids there on a Friday night. I do suggest if you want to avoid the children to go after 9."  D&B's is a good spot to stop at for food and entertainment.  Just don't expect to be seated in the restaurant portion  I was really impressed! The amount of tickets to be won was incredible. We usually got 200 tickets per play on average. Compared to Playdium here "A fun place and lots to do but a bit pricy. $20.00 will buy you a hundred points which will last you a little over an hour.I recommend the bowling game   PA last night. Waitress mixed up our credit cards and gave my brothers credit card to someone else and he theirs. Charged them already too - both incorrectly My brother had to walk around and find out who it was. Waitress never apologized. GM was extremely rude and refused to give my brother his original receipt back saying they had thrown it out. DID NOTHING TO REMEDY the situation and ignored us the rest of our visit - not even a refill. After spending over $300 plus games "Most of the games were out of order and I had to find one of those referee looking people to fix 2 of them that took some of our credits.  Apathetic service staff all around  in that time-frame we played 250 credits (cost= $40) but it was half-price games."  they split the difference between fun and professional. Special shout out to Riley "I still love this place!  I spent my 36th birthday at D&B's and it was a wise decision!  i had so much fun  but a great spot to enjoy a few drinks & watch sports on the big screens. It's great for adult fun after 10pm. Great for a first date if you like to have a good fun & feel relaxed"  about the same quality that you'd get at an Applebee's or some place similar -- good but not great.  My steak was tough I had been here one other time for an organized happy hour for a past employer and remember very similar service but I never got the chance to give them any credit.  I think D&B is an awesome place when you need some space for your next event." It's a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards I held for it."  staff is friendly and its a good way to waste time before a movie. They do have good  food. Gets a 3 stars because I get bored easily at this location."  but it has gone down hill over the years. The games are not as fun and do not give you as many tickets and the prizes have gotten cheaper in quality. It takes a whole heck of a lot of tickets for you to even get a pencil! The atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest games and diverse groups of people! Now "I was here on 10 3 and I have to say this was a horrible experience.  Me and a friend went here to eat and play a couple games afterwards.  It took the waitress at least 10-15 minutes to greet us and by that time we knew we should just order then because we might not see her again.  We ordered and got our drinks and well let's just say we didn't see the waitress again until she was giving us our check (some manager delivered the food to the table).  No refill on my beverage I recently stopped there with my girlfriend and her kids to celebrate her daughters 21's birthday. I ordered the fish and chips. Don't order the fish and chips unless you want to lube your insides for months. I know I probably got the one that got away and they refried it 3 times. The outside breading was hard as a rock and had no taste. The fish itself was bland. After a few bites I called over the waiter who was very nice and funny and complained by showing him how hard the fish was by tapping the fish against the plate making a loud thud noise. He grabbed my plate and took it to his manager. But before doing so asked if I wanted something else I said no I had lost my appetite. The manager came out looked around and walked right out of the area. I was thinking he would have stopped but didn't oh well. The waiter took my meal it off the bill. I have eaten there before and the food was good. Sometime you just get one that isn't.  the last couple of times I've gone I've gotten 2 hours of arcade games for a very cheap price (Mario Kart  let me say that I find the people who usually work at Dave and busters usually don't care or seem to be angry and hate their job. A friend and I went here and found that a couple of the machines ran out tickets and someone was always there and happy to help. The staff went out of their way to make sure we had a good time. The manager Tony was very sweet and made sure everything was ok. Every staff member we talked to was extremely nice. This is by far the best Dave and busters I've had been to!" "My sister and law wanted to go here for lunch so all the kids could play games after we all had some lunch together. This place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms. All of the food looked great on the 16 page menu. When our food came though "We checked in at 7:00 pm on a Saturday with a group of 19 for a birthday gathering.  We were originally told 9:00 pm is when we'd be seated To top it off the bathroom had no toilet paper and there was pee everywhere!"  and I felt really bad for the employees that had to work that day Awful awful. Spent 150.00SERVICE WAS TERRIBLE. Took 27 minutes to even be acknowledged. Really. The only saving grace was the kids had fun and the hostess took AMAZING care of us......  Mikey & Big Bob for the 96.1 Kiss FM Listener Appreciation Party.  Kiss really knows how to throw a bash- $10 power cards I guess they are also remodeling their price area so for now there is a make-shift area to cash in your tickets. Everything was pretty picked over  which I have never done before. It was a Saturday night and as someone who works in a restaurant im very sympathetic when it comes to service. We sat at the high tables in the bar area and we did not get greeted or even acknowledged for 30 minutes. I personally had to get a manager and explain to him the situation and he treated me like I was stupid (maybe because im 17?) Also not to mention the little girl next to me is balling her eyes out because she told her server of an egg allergy she has and they still managed to mess it up and give her food marinated in egg. Last I overhead they are heading to the hospital. I'm not writing this message to be spiteful  etc.) and not well maintained or managed at all.  The broken games were sort of comical after a while  over hyped but a hell of a time regardless.  I think if you have a big screen tv at home and a wii you could order pizza get beer and have friends over and have the same experience without the price and glitz.  I've yet to eat something here that impressed me.  The arcade is a bit dated but I like playing the big trivia game more than anything (again  since it's very average. With all these good restaurants close by Fell asleep last night before I got a chance to do my review this place is pretty cool it's just an arcade with a bunch of games they have a bar & u can order food as well the prizes have gotten better however there a few games that weren't working I always go there to either eat dinner or have drinks .never had a problem with the food or drink.sometimes i will play games there sometimes.the girls behind the counter are very nice even the one guy Brett is also nice.he works very hard from what i can see as well as the girls that work there . even the one girl behind the counter was dressed very nice.when i do go there they do know what i like to eat or drink. Although the restrooms should be cleaned a little more. Wednesday's are half off game night. Menu includes some meals that also provide ten dollar game cards. It's loud and crazy but that's what is to be expected. The kids love this place. It's ok. Not my thing but I understand the fascination. sbW8qHJgzEIH42B0S-3New Great games and prizes. Amazing food.great way to enjoy your day with your family!!! Super busy place.  salad and a quesadilla shouldn't take that long. Games were fine. Mens room didn't have any paper towels to dry hands with. Huge fail for this type of venue."  but not a place i would frequently waste my money."  Sean and the managers made sure that our experience was memorable and even added extra touches that made us feel special. Thank you "This wasn't the cleanest place. Dirty paper towels all over the women's bathroom. No changing covers on the changing tables to change your Babies. Very disappointed when I came here compared to the other two I've been too. Also they aren't following corporate policy. Which ok  we went through $50 of games really fast. The gift section is full of fun tchotchkes and prizes if you pay enough to rack up the points! Nevertheless Had an awesome time here with my hubby the food was amazing but the games cost so much an the prizes where ok but all in all a good time I'll be bring the kids with next time  but after my husband came out of the restroom he told me how about 5 other guys walked out of the restroom as well that had not washed their hands and immediately went over to start playing games.  All I have to say is no thanks." "The food was good but we Waited an hour for our drinks then 1.5 hours food then an hour for our bill. Won't be back! Not busy at all so not sure what the problem was. I'd hate to be there when they are ""busy""." I would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat. Drink play games fine. I will never order food there again." Went to Dave and busters to eat.... NO FOOD. Went to Dave and busters to play.. NO GAMES. Then I thought I'd wet my whistle with a cool glass of H2O..they even RAN OUT OF WATER... Some lady even yelled at me in line to purchase game tickets accusing me of cutting line. SUCH HOSTILITY. dave and busters? More like BEAVIS & BUTTHEAD. SMH "This is a place I'd go to just for the games. The food was bad. I had the chicken sliders and there was two pieces of wood in the sandwich which I found in my mouth. Granted the manager did take off the price of the sliders but everyone's fries were lukewarm. My sister got the chicken fingers and wow I'll be back for sure but this place needs some serious staff updating."  but the staff rudely expressed this and smirked at us because we were under 21. Awful place with rude people." Moved onto gaming area where approximately 1 out of 5 games were not operating properly. This place has really gone down hill in the past 3-4 years. We will NOT be going back!"  eat somewhere else then head here to play." 4pm on a Friday afternoon and I got turned away for being 8 days under 21 I had no intention drinking and there was all of 4 people in the place even if I was 21 I would go to rivers downtown it's not like they can put a wristband saying I'm 20 or anything. worst service wver i asked for someone to come over 3 times and we sat at a table for 20 minutes while a whole swarm of servers were just walking around passing us. not to mention alllll the tables in the whole game room were dirty. even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us. drinks took forever too and it wasnt busy at all the bartenders didn't care much they stood there for awhile. we will still go here just not try to eat. they need some structure in the work atmosphere. I am extremely disappointed in how the staff and manager delt with this and will not return to this specific Dave n Busters."  some creepy middle aged man came up to me and my wife asking if he gets us a certain amount of tickets on a game (which we had to pay for) then we buy him an alcoholic beverage. What in the world is wrong with this man?!?! Couldn't find any management workers to advise so we just walked away and avoided him for the rest of the night."  this place is highly unhygienic. they don't clean any silverwares "The service was terrible. Games are games at any Dave & busters but service makes or breaks this place. I understand it was busy tonight because of the fight  and hopefully we will be able to find prizes worth taking home!" Nina the manager and Ashley the cashier extremely RUDE. refused to give me back change from kiosk malfunction. made me leave because I was with my girlfriend who was 20 and I was 23. supposed rule about someone under 21 needs to be with someone 25. rule is in about 3 size font. highly recommend that no one ever goes here. Worst service ever and all of our food was either cold or not what we ordered. Waited over a hour for our food as well. Our service was awful as well. Bathrooms were so disgusting and un-kept. I don't think I have one good thing to say about this place. Games - who doesn't like game? They have a ton of variety from hoops to racing. Afterwards (if you're lucky) you can redeem tokens at their reward store." The show itself was highly entertaining and the crowd seemed to agree -- Lee kept everyone on their toes for the entire 60 minutes.  I can't wait to check out more shows here and flex my skee-ball arm!"  don't try to eat here. Just come and play the games  however things went south fast there were children everywhere and i am not a nice person aroud children when i drink...lol. these kids hogged up everygame the entire night leaving me creating my own entertainment  which involved staring at there young moms and older sisters. I wish there were no kids. After a few hours and a 3 course meal i decided to make my own fun.  I kicked a child off a racing game chair and they precided to cry like a little girl.  She was definitely old enough to understand why she was wrong. After a few choice words with management i will never go back there again and will only lock my kids inside of my car somewhere more adult like seabase." "How ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids. I drove 40 minutes to take my younger brother to Dave and Busters for a fun afternoon but we were denied. Their policy states anybody under the age of 21 must be accompanied by an adult over the age of 25. I'm 22 years old and I don't understand why I can't bring my 12 year old brother to play games. We've gone many times a year for the past 15 years. After todays experience If they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating. 2.5 hour wait and then cold food served. Did not have enough staff in kitchen and never bothered to provide updates. Bathrooms atrocious. Nothing positive to say other than don't go there.  the server kept calling me baby all night. Staff is rude. Half the games don't work. The food is the only good thing this place has because it's somewhat unique. I did a survey that was on my receipt and gave my negative experience and it said a a manger would be in touch based on my answers and it's been a week and no call. What a joke."  a man shows up out of nowhere with a camera asking to take our picture for a keychain--it's free but he's ""working for tips"". Other than these two odd happenings I come to D&B for the games and not the food. Aside from the horrible customer service I've experienced Games were fun...as always. Eat before you come to play!"   the yummy eats and most of their cocktail menu is pretty darn impressive. I always go for the Passion Fruit Sangria or the Backwoods lemonade that comes with a shot in a mini Solo Cup. They can be pricey after a while that's why I show up for happy hour. If you're into gaming do show up on a Wednesday where all games are half off." sbW8qHJgzEIH42B0S-3New  and it can take hours before you are able to participate.  Each game is about fifteen minutes long and the setup is fairly large This location has moved to 10403 Park Rd Charlotte NC 28210. Once again the staff was very nice and polite."  and coats and the staff put our food that we brought in the fridge for us. The goodie bags for the kids were full of fun stuff the kids loved.  We ordered pizza and soda and although there was a mixup with the soda (it wasn't delivered) the staff promptly provided a substitute. Everything moved right along. I knocked off 1 star because we had some kids in our party who struggled with getting their packs on in the dimly lit room and it may have been helpful to have an additional staff there to help instead if just 1 who kept telling the kids they were old enough to know how to do it themselves. That definitely turned some of the parents off. Otherwise it was was a great experience and the birthday girl had a blast!" Took my nephews out here with my mother. All four of us had a great time. It's great exercise and fun for the kids. After you play they give you a print out of your scores. They also do for birthday parties too. The staff also play sometimes too. "My son had his birthday party there and the staff was AMAZING!!  The adults had a great time playing laser tag and they all wanted to come back again.  I loved the atmosphere and I definitely would come back again and again.  Even my 8 year old was able to enjoy!  So if you are looking for a place where the family can play together and also get out their frustrations by shooting each other (smile) My brother was in town from military service with his wife and we just want to have fun. So we out went out as a family. All five of us played laser tag and the escape room. The price wasn't bad at all and we had so much fun. I won the laser tag game I had to show my younger brothers and husband I play no games hahaha We won the escape room too. They have another room that's harder we might do it soon. "This place is awesome.  No other putt-putt in the area.  They serve booze  especially the underground section. Lots of places to unintentionally chuck your ball into the great ball graveyard. Holes are tightly packed  I didn't see if they had the space invaders but they may have.  And their hours are kind and allow for diverse levels of enjoyment- come in the morning afternoon with the kids  but the $5 person fee is a little steep considering that the course is pretty simple and straightforward.  There aren't any windmills or clown's mouth-style holes which are often kind of the staple of the mini-golf world.  Some holes were fairly challenging but it seemed that too many either sloped away from or towards the hole.  As a result  contains some challenging holes and half of it is in a ""mine"" with black lights AWESOME. The only complaint I have is that a lot of the wholes seem to be in drains  and were happy that some of the holes were indoors and some outdoors (hooray for the cool ""mine"" after playing in the 90 degrees!).  The course is well maintained Definitely worth a stop. I think they could do a bit more to make this a destination mini golf course (if that kind of thing exists)." Took my kids last summer (2015). What a gem. Awesome staff and the putt-putt was awesome (as was the arcade and grub)! 