 this small gallery is a worthwhile diversion in the Strip District.  The small space features one or two distinct installations  but only to hold my spot as the favorite son." The Exhibits were few but there were some powerful ones and some funny ones. All really modern even in how they were presented. A cool shop - definitely a place to buy home decor items or gifts. It was worth stopping in especially since it was free. It adds a good dimension to a trip to the strip. I definitelly recommend it. There is probably at least one thing here in for every type of person. "Beautiful exhibits and retail Store. Be sure to visit the Studio on the lower level. There's more art down there and a great program of workshops for all skill levels. The visiting artist list is the most impressive one you'll see any where. There's a Drop In studio that's always free to do on your own  roped off for the trading of exhibits but what I could see was exciting. This is definitely on the list to check out when I return." "Really marvelous art presented in a beautiful setting.  The gift shop is one of the best in the city.  They feature crafts from artists around the world and local.  Shows are well lit and well presented.  Downstairs are studios where they teach classes on metals Some advice: Try not to go during one of the quarterly Gallery Crawls because there'll be a looong line for the elevator to get in." "a really interesting space for intstallations.  I've only been there a few times  knoweldgable curator named Kate!"  Short are the Nights'.  There is also an another piece to this exhibition open at 943 Liberty Ave on Friday and Saturday from 11am-8pm or so called Paths. It's a pretty cool exhibit "Over the holidays I had the chance to see the show 'Parallel Universe'  at the Wood Street Gallery.  I thought the show was kind of cool and I left wanting to find out more about parallel universes. But after a quick internet search I found to my surprise and disappointment that the catalog statement "I wish more people knew about Wood Street Galleries! It's right in the heart of downtown and admission is FREE. you get to see great art and or displays. Bobby and I always find ourselves here to escape the hectic downtown scene. They are closed Monday and Tuesday I believe. I'm always amazed at the different types of displays they have. Another great thing is that the displays are up for 3 months at a time If you love installation and the arts leaving this place will be bittersweet. Wood Street feeds the famine but leaves you hungry for more." This is definitely a stop for any art lovers." I highly recommend you stop by Wood Street with some time and experience the current exhibit before it ends in December." the neighborhood's a a little shady at night... but it's alright." 2nd degree celebrity sighting - the promoter was supposedly the son of Max Weinberg? Hi Boss!"  do NOT walk alone here at night) those are the negatives offhand.  The good is that some obscure independent bands play here for a relatively inexpensive price  but honestly I can't imagine the place is a gold mine regularly and the music they host is important to Pittsburgh(in my opinion)  I just gotta say ""M is for melodrama"". Penn Avenue is perfectly safe as long as you aren't stumbling drunk and or being a complete asshole."  and a two-star rating as an art venue. There's a lot of great shows happening here on the cheap -- it's the kind of place you can take a risk on a new band you know nothing about without much wallet pain. But the art -- there are exceptions "I agree with the comments posted by others.  I give it four stars because it really is a great benefit to the local community and the get some amazing bands.  I also really like how simple they have kept it.  Also agree that you need to check the website regularly.  But honestly  he was kinda nasty and condescending.  don't know if he was just having a bad day or this is how he always is Wonderful shop with amazing owners! We needed a picture framed and were referred here by some good friends of ours. Steve and Wendy were the best. So friendly and professional. They have lovely art for sale as well. Check it out and see for yourself. You will be  glad you did!  Steve and Wendy are friendly and knowledgeable.   Love this place."  which is a blend of woodwork and other types of craft with art.  The exhibit was very interesting and I would recommend checking it before Nov. 1st.  The center itself is pretty breathtaking with wood planks holding up the building and a great view of the city through it's long windows.  I have several friends who do woodwork Do yourself a favor and stop in this place - it's a gem here in Charlotte!" The Interior Architecture (Combination of a burned out Church (Brickwork and woodwork and the Modern visible steel structure and cement floors) - Almost looks like a Architecture teaching tool!" Looking forward to stopping in for a few openings later this year. Cheers."  product and messages. I was a little disappointed to see only a small number of artists in and available." The Light Factory is awesome. It puts on very cool photography exhibits and has a variety of educational programs for digital and film photography for teens and adults. One example: The Light Factory did an amazing photo and art exhibit on post-Katrina New Orleans after taking a group of high school photography students on a trip there. I have taken two of their photography classes and really value what I learned.  Met a bunch of geeky nerds like myself and had a great time.  You may think the prices are a little steep at first  this does not detract from the quality of the exhibits within.  ""Suspicious Minds"" was a surreal photography exhibit at different points beautiful and eerie. It was a demonstration of the skill and artistry when you manipulate the film  just attend and look around. It's even free to drop by Spirit Square and just take a self-guided tour. You'll be glad you did."  NC.  The other exhibition was called ""Street Wise"" looked like photos from the 1950's of people standing in the streets  but I think this is a ""See it once"" kind of thing."  and definitely friendly on the wallet when you need something to do Uptown." I was in here looking at their rental spaces for an event next year.  The downstairs gallery is beautiful!!  When I was there multiple art pieces and items were on display.  Just gorgeous.  They have a number of event spaces in case you are looking for your next corporate or private event.  Competitive pricing and they even have an Event PROFESSOR on staff!  Lol!  How do I get this job??  Very helpful folks and clean nice spaces.  I will definitely think about doing an event here.  Thanks guys!  but there was an outdoor section which was pretty neat and then an empty room where we sat to eat over look the city through the outside bar.  Five Stars! Ill be back."  but great if you enjoy the beauty in art or need to find somewhere to escape a hot day. The building itself has spaces on the top floor that artists rent out as well as conference rooms. The architecture is lovely  and the rooftop 'Living Wall' couldn't be a better place for pictures! This is a great way to kill an hour or two browsing We held my daughter's wedding reception here. Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Great views of The Queen City. Highly recommend for your event. How's that for a midday snack?"  the new place is opened up and full of life!  When I went they had live video art and abstract graffiti art.  The weirdest part about it is that dance music now has a direct connection with modern pop art.  Anyways  as I would have liked to have had more to look at. Good thing it was gallery crawl night *I was able to get some better deals having arrived later in day and a couple hours before closing."  probably the best in Charlotte. Unfortunately the owner is difficult and peculiar and doesn't connect well with people. Serious outside artists intimidate the owner which lessens the quality of art exhibited. The last show I went to see there kids were everywhere unattended by their parents abusing the art works. A good gallery MUST have principles." "Pretty space but NO customer service from the Owner Operators. Was really rude when I followed up on one question. ""I am not at your beckon call It's the perfect place to wait and enjoy some R&R if you're picking someone up from the airport and really it's just a fantastic little place all together." They also have a drive-thru option if you're in a hurry." "I purchased the Yelp deal and wasn't able to use it; none of the staff even knew about it. It wasn't a huge deal at the time (though it really would have been nice to use!) "Awful. The sweat panted ( hey put a little effort in to it ) crabby ( if you you think your job sucks find a different one ) ' barista' ( being able to work an espresso machine is not that much more difficult than a mr coffee) at least gave me some fodder for crappy service reviews. Lazy The staff sucks beyond rude. Shouldn't be in business. Don't know how to make drinks. Don't waste your time or money going to this place. The nut job lady in the morning needs to be on meds. It is a coffee shop. also sells yogurt. WiFi did not work. If you need your fix it is better than nothing  Even though they are literally 10 steps from my apartment. Food is ok. Nothing super impressive. The ice cream is ok as well. Hard to want to go there when there are other options with better quality. I have never had issues with the staff. They do seem welcoming at the drive thru. Now  you won't regret it. The barista offered to make an off menu smoothie based on the two I was contemplating and for a second I responded like a deer in headlights. We are all familiar with hearing 'No Substitutions  not walkable. Not prime coffee shop territory. It can't be easy to keep a coffee shop in business up here Ive been here before and the food and drink is ok. Its above average for the area and about what youd expect for a small cafe. The problem i have over and over is the service. The people arent unfriendly just not attentive. Three times ive been in and every time they are under staffed. These poor employees have to run a register and a drive through window at the same time. I cant tell you how many people ive seen just walk out because theyre being ignored for the drive through. They need to work on customer service and scheduling.  and in my opinion she could have open the door and said "" hi I will be right with you."" I say this because I was starting to think the place was closed.   It's ok I guess.  The employee was nice I just think they need help or a staff meeting on how to run the drive thru." I go here regularly and the staff always treat me very kindly. The coffee is very good - they use JBC.  I go here because most of the time I don't have to wait too long at all. I like their baked items as well. They regularly rotate their art and I like checking it out when I come in. It's also generally a quiet place to sit down and get some work done. I've known many of the artists over the years and have seen practically every exhibit." Love stopping in here on First Fridays. Usually love the pieces here. I really liked the piece in the tiny back room during the March FF. It made a great statement in a new way on our weight obsessed culture. "One of my favorite Art Galleries on Roosevelt Row  extremely intimate and the PA/sound is great.  Unfortunately I find the booking to be based around MySpace bands ... lots of children (who mostly are friends of the young bands playing) and sadly zero liquor ..."  however Bright Eyes has yet to play there. Aww shucks." Bonus: Almost all the artists here are local.  Can you believe all the talent around this place?" It is a coffee bar fully equipped to take on live music acts. I'm not sure what the status is or if they are even pursuing a liquor license I hope Modified never goes anywhere.  I've got some iffy memories too that are mostly tied to how sketchy the surrounding neighborhood used to be It's usually packed with a very young crowd and the small venue doesn't serve any alcohol. A concert veny" Modified gets 2 stars as a music venue. 4 stars as an art gallery. Averaged to 3." Great location. Usually amazing shows. However I don't usually come down here unless there is someone or a band specifically I enjoy playing here. Great local bands are always here though and the art is always enjoyable.  leagues above all the other galleries. Be sure to stop and see the art here if you are out then."  it is a prime setting for a start point or an end point to your First Friday tour."  Curtis Peoples and Tony Lucca.  All were fabulous and the crowd was too. Despite the chilly temperature inside and a humming sound-system that was a bit distracting  but if a band I liked was playing or a group of friends wanted to go check it out ""Hello Phoenix! I want to hear all of you singing along on this one! Even you  though somewhat small and not necessarily the best in terms of acoustics.  They always seem to get some of the more interesting indie acts and attract your typical downtown indie-hipster/artsy crowd." "modified is a great place to see a show.  it almost reminds me of basement shows back home- intimate "This place probably gets the best lineup of bands in the Valley year-in and year-out. Owner Kimber Lanning is such a sweetheart and is constantly fighting to make Phoenix cool. This little shack of a venue (seriously  and it definitely feels smaller when it is the summer.  but that's part of what can make a dance party so memorable."  so I recommend just taking breaks between hot and sweaty sets to grab a nice bev there and then return."  they just need to work on sound quality."  but if you're looking for some interesting bands playing in a (very) intimate atmosphere and don't mind a little hipster sweat flying around  there aren't a whole lot in the downtown area. I guess all I can do now is hope that someone else will come along and start up a place like Modified." This place could be great if they just put in a bar  check out their events calendar on their website for gallery shows or concerts or film viewings. love you modified see you this friday hopefully?"  either. And I've never felt challenged by work here. I just reminisce on the days when this was a venue and the displays were more accessible. At least it's still good for conversation  (Feb. 8th) at 7pm.  Don't expect to see stuffy art aficionados milling about with glasses of champagne. Do expect to see transvestites on 8 inch platform shoes dancing and laughing with the  glitter dusted  and you need cash to buy tickets at the door as well as drinks inside. Just beyond the back porch you will find a table where you can purchase tickets for alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. If you have a body bubble It's such a gorgeous house in not always a very nice neighborhood."  but I probably won't be back unless I have to.  The Alwun House was very interesting to say the least and everybody that visits and works there is very nice."  and casual. Street parking in the neighborhood." F3L3UuWJUez6ybJr4y5Agw  poetry and rotating exhibits. You can become a member for $25 a year  it's just beyond the bright lights of downtown. It's not a bad area by any means - but you should pretend you're just outside the downtown area of any real city. Alone at night is silly. Alone at night and wearing flashy baubles or having an expensive camera dangling from your neck is just downright stupid.  Follow the rules of common city sense  but we took a taxi which worked out perfectly.  Just be aware of parking issues if you drive."  there was so much hype about this place that I was expecting a LOT more.  Very small gallery and the space itself seemed kind of run-down and not that clean.  They gave us wine  so the only potential problem is walking to or from your car if you need to park a few blocks away. Just be aware of things around you (like you normally are F3L3UuWJUez6ybJr4y5Agw I will definitely  be back soon!!"  and aren't shy about it.  We'll be back."  much more. I shop this store frequently even bring out-of-towners here. My aunt sometimes makes trips from central california just to shop here. Check it out." Friendly and helpful associates - such a great experience!!" This is the place to take out of town guests to find those unique imported items"  we bought a lot of things!  We were there for the latest wave of outdoor patio decorations. Left with 2 big pots "Very cool place...HUGE! Lots of nooks and crannies with a wonderful selection of Day of the Dead- themed items. I bought two DOTD-themed tiles for $9 each. Wish I could have bought more LOVE This place - looked on YELP for Mexican pottery for my patio and as usual YELP doesn't disappoint. Great selection of all things Mexico - including great pottery at really good prices.  and miscellaneous items.  The prices are very good and the owner and employees are friendly and helpful.  We always have a good time there Juan and Alex were very friendly anD help. Their products are good quality and prices are fantastic!  I was quoted a price and an estimated turn-around time.  I will return again when I need great framing done that will last a lifetime or more.   Thank You Pat and Robert!" "We entrusted Robert Hilton with the framing of a lithograph by a modern American artist and couldn't be happier with the result.  These guys are every bit as good as the frame shop we used to rely on frequently in Brooklyn  courteous and professional. They are always ready with expert framing advice with years of experience behind them. They take the time to do the job right and yet come through for me in a hurry when I need a large job done fairly quickly for an upcoming event. I highly recommend Pat and his staff. Be sure to take a look at Pat's phenomenal photography when you stop by." "I had a delicate stitched piece that I needed framed done here and it was great service.  The biggest reason I decided to have the work done here is because I noticed a few art pieces that were done by the staff member I was speaking to.  I figured The fine gents here will take great care of you and they do beautiful work. I'll never use anyone else.  not to mention Scottsdale/Sedona/Jerome galleries - very high quality work at very reasonable prices. You will thank me! I live over an hour from Esprit Decor but I promise you I will never go anywhere else! (You should see my piece - really  & I firmly believe that their operation might possibly - be the BEST in Arizona! Their top shelf work defies logic & standard practices of most small business owners in the 21st century! A testament to this - is customers can utilize a LAYAWAY plan - to suit a budget  they take time to understand your tastes and home decor before they suggest framing looks.  Pat is an intelligent and well traveled artist that uses imagination and his years of experience to produce the best look for your works.  I would never consider any other place "Art pieces are special and intended to evoke an emotional tug.  Pat and team understand how to present a special piece in just the right frame. Of all the art I've collected Great business! I took a piece of art in to get a new mat and frame and from the second I walked in I noticed the great customer service! I told them that I wanted to keep it simple with a rustic frame and as soon as he put a couple options down I knew just what I wanted. My frame was done in 3 days and when I picked it up it looked even better than I imagined! This is my go-to framing store from now on. Couldn't be more pleased with their work and customer service. They have some amazing art on display as well and I'll be back again soon just to see if there is anything that would look great in my house. "I went to Egypt and bought some art (Papyrus) I am not a big art person but I really liked them and wanted something special to bring home for my house. I wasn't sure where I was gonna have them framed bit I knew I didn't want the do it yourself frame so per usual I yelped to find a company. These guys were not even 10 minutes away and had 5 stars on nearly every review. I stopped in the next day. I was met by one of the owners he was friendly and gave me a ton of options on how I could frame. He also gave me a tour of their place to explain their process and he took his time which was the best part. I was surprised as to how much framing costs it seemed expensive to me  What a great neighborhood framing shop!  We have had several pictures/art work framed with outstanding results.  They do quality work with a trained eye for what mat/color might look best!  We have never been disappointed and will continue to use Esprit Dcor for our framing needs.  reasonable and timely!  What more is there?  Will be back again."  attention to detail and quality of work.  It was the nicest work they had seen.  You won't find this level of creativity and quality anywhere else in the valley.  So  but just haven't had the time... so I will second everything in David B.'s review.  More later..." "Alan did a beautiful job with two pieces I brought to him. It's my first framing experience in Phoenix The next time I need something framed  but Framin' Works has the latest in technology - Alan set up my materials and we checked out different proportions right there on the computer screen.  It was great to know how my art would look before it was finalized  though I intended to hang the photos in the bathroom "Alan totally helped me out a couple weeks ago when I was in a rush to get a family photo framed. I found him thanks to yelpers stating how awesome he was- and they were 100% right. He was friendly  great service and equally excellent quality of work. Good selection of frames & mats. I highly recommend Framin' Works - all my framing work will continue to go here." "Found Framing' Works on Yelp...  Shop was tricky to find but once there all was good.  Alan was great to work with...patient while trying to put the perfect mat and frame together for my husband's Christmas gift.  A few weeks out This store is great. Helpful and friendly. They have paper and crayons for kids. They gave me a coupon and a free print! Professional framing done right is totally worth it.  The folks at Framin' Works really know what they are doing technically and they have a great eye for what will make your piece of art really pop.  Not to mention that I am always happy to support awesome local businesses."  they went the extra mile when I was in the store. They let me bring in my puppy and even gave him a treat which in hot Az is a big help. They also got me a couple options of stock frame which was above and beyond. Great local business Was referred by a family member a few years ago and they have never disappointed. Allen has always gotten my holiday framing projects done on schedule and at the highest quality. They've even coached me through sizing and canvas issues when I've enlarged photos all of which have turned out great. Take a look for yourself...  and gone to Michaels for all my framing needs. The picture I had was so large that I decided to call them with the dimensions of the picture and tell them what I was looking to have done. The lowest prices they quoted me was almost $400 I will definitely be back and recommending Framin' Works to friends." We just picked up two pictures we had framed. Beautiful work! Love that they took the time to go over different matte and frame options. They have so many unique choices. We couldn't be more pleased and will definitely use them again! And since I go there a lot I know they aren't marking up there prices!  They have a great selection & the people have always been very helpful & nice.  I have also run in there when I need an item to finish up a painting (there paint supplies are a bit pricey) but there frames are great! Don't go during the lunch hour as they share there lot with several popular restaurants!"  and good prices.  Sure the price isn't going to top the deals you can get with coupons at Michael's My only negative comment.  The Katubah looks so good in its frame that we want to hang it now." I definitely recommend this place for any framing you need to do." My husband and I were doing errands and on our way to Michael's to frame two items. He saw Aaron's Brothers and I am so glad he did. They were so helpful and picked out items that made everything so easy and reasonable!!!! Thank you! "I can't recommend this place enough - we had a world map measuring 4 feet by 6 feet; the staff at Aaron Brothers was great in helping us get a good looking frame for a great price (cheaper than several other places we checked) My husband and I needed a frame for one of our photos so we ended up at Aaron Brothers. The staff was incredibly friendly and helped us find exactly what we needed. They have a really unique selection of frames too! I'm definitely a fan.  and they have a buy one get one for a penny sale often enough that you can score some serious deals. They have every possible size and shape frame and when there is a sale on or if you have a coupon it's really no more expensive than Michael's or other bigger box stores. Great selection of art/craft supplies and fun stuff for the kids as well. I feel like Aaron Brothers is kind of a sleeper but more people should put it in their rotation." Was quoted over $150 to replace a piece of glass on a picture.  Went to a local independent frame shop and had the glass replaced for under $39 including remounting the picture. Seems a good bet that the Aaron Brothers are related to the James Brothers.  The only difference is that Jesse and Frank didn't have a website! Love the people here. So friendly and genuinely interested in helping you. Very reasonable prices. Beth and Nicola were fun and knowledgable!  and for the small art section they do have some more unique items that you don't necessarily find at a Michaels. However 90% of the items are not labeled properly or have no price tags so I found myself constantly having to bring items one by one as I found them and ask for the price. I actually ended up buying something I thought was $5 less because the whole lot was advertised wrong. It was extremely frustrating because I brought in a family member and talked up the store and their ""Storewide"" Summer Sale  friendly and helped me pick out a frame/matt combination that looked excellent.  Took about a week to get it back and am very pleased." 