 but I have to say the part I loved best was the collection of cars. I've never seen so many antique vehicles in one place. Definitely makes it worth checking out. However. The location is a bit wacky. It's right outside of Wilkinsburg Don't forget to have tea here too.  It is wonderful and the service is impeccable!  You and your guests can easily spend a whole afternoon here!"  with good reason. Of course not all of the Frick Art collection consists of the Met's castoffs. There many portraits of insignificant nobility done by French court painters who had little talent. Just bec. art is old or expensive There is a lot to see and do at the Frick.  Get off your butts Pittsburghers and enjoy this place!" The house is amazing and moreso the car collection.  That is free...and a must-see.  Also is you like art don't miss the art collection."  and the art museum.   It was still worth visiting just for the old cars."  if nothing else - thumbs up for the ample free parking. As an out-of-towner "Very nice home and grounds.  I could not exactly say I am a fan of the owner or how he earned his money but I did appreciate how original the house and belongings are and how beautiful the grounds and buildings are.   Can you say Johnstown flood?  How about the Homestead strike?  Celebrating the extreme wealth of few on the backs of a billion who worked 16 hour days for nothing isn't exactly something I really love to do but I can appreciate beautiful art and architecture of which there is plenty to see here.  We toured Clayton (the home)  like history or the architecture or the building itself.  They focus on some family story that may only be of passing interest because the family is rich.  Kind of like hearing about Paris Hilton or the Kardashians.  B-o-r-i-n-g. And what kind of tourist attraction doesn't allow pictures?"  and they're perfect to while away some free time on a nice day." Say what you will about H. C. Frick (let's be real: the Johnstown Flood and handling of the Homestead Strike would have tarnished Mother Teresa's image) The only drawback to an otherwise perfect day was the chilly weather.  I had a new sundress I wanted to wear (and my mom still bemoans my tattoo)."  and the nearby Frick Park is a wonderful walk. It is quite a gem in the middle of this city. Didn't tour the Clayton (reservation needed)  I would recommend prioritizing A visit to Clayton and then to the other structures at the center. There is simply no comparison to Clayton."  a very enjoyable place to visit that I highly recommend to anyone because there really is something for everyone at Frick." "It's not large but it is a wonderful way to spend a couple hours on a nice afternoon.  Take in lunch at the cafe All in all just a nice place."  the food -- you can't forget the food. Our group had fruit and cheese and wine and spring rolls and mac & cheese and dessert and on and on. Having an elaborate picnic style dinner in a beautiful space while listening to music just feels like such a magical movie moment. I'm already counting down the days to the August concert!" Fish tacos were fantastic." The Degas exhibit is also on display right now so make sure to check that out too"  I would certainly be game for a Frick Mansion tour today." It was my first time visiting and I found it go be a very nice way to spend an afternoon  there was a rotunda in the middle with tapestries hanging just around the walls. There was a nice lady by the door who explained what was where and how we could get to the other places to view art house. She was incredibly informative. I definitely loved the exhibit and would recommend checking online for other features. I think their membership is really reasonable and it's a great way to get to know local things around Pittsburgh." The Frick is a super cool place I'm looking forward to returning with a larger group for another Friday and hopefully for one of the First Friday's when there is live music."  most of his work is displayed in New York. The family home contains many paintings of the family though. The Frick Art Museum has some of his collection and typically has a rotating exhibit as well. The car and carriage museum is an interesting step back in time as well with items ranging from old Lincolns and Rolls Royces to a winter sleigh. Photos are allowed in this area. There is also a cafe Looking forward to returning there to see the art gallery and take that Clayton house tour again. Would give 4 1 2 stars in my book."  music and experimental visual art and sculpture all meant a welcomed stimulatory experience among the decidedly non-urban setting of the university." Favorite place on campus to see a performance! This place is decorated very nicely inside and they have great acoustics inside the auditorium. "Krannert Art Museum is lucky to have a Director that actually believes art should stimulate and provoke thought...and that's exactly what she does with the exhibitions I've seen there so far. This would be the local equivalent to the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco ... cool social events and openings for a cross-generational and cross-cultural crowd. What I love most about KAM is that I've had some great conversations standing around the lobby of a show and there's no snotty art culture where people blather on about ""high art"" and how it's so much better than anything and everyone. They don't play those games here  including some odd and creepy installments.  The space is gorgeous  guy?  The fact one of our party was a 60 year old librarian (who really looks like a librarian!) didn't tip you off that we weren't there to rob the place or splash mud on the older works?" Check it out next time you are in C-U.  It is a great way to recharge your batteries and let the power of art soothe your soul." I think it might be emanating from Laredo Taft's 'the blind' but I can't be sure; could be the Peruvian artifacts in the basement." The highlight of the visit was coming out the main doors to find metal working students exhibiting (and selling) their jewelry. They were wonderful to talk to  it is certainly worth a look if you have the time and inclination." 