"I've only been there a few times but it was a nice place - good staff Always good vibes at Shadow!" Among the best of the 'burgh.  Great live acts on a regular basis.  the sound system is a complete BANGER with crisp and clean sound.   The crowd is mad cool and always responsive to good music.  Shadow Lounge really holds it down for Pittsburgh's scenes no matter the genre.  Can't visit Pittsburgh without stopping by Shadow Lounge."  cafes are bountiful. Ever since the first time I stepped foot in Shadow Lounge a sense of familiarity and peace overwhelmed me. Gotta give it up to the owner There was also another room with couches and big TV and another club (?) linked to Shadow Lounge that looked more hip-hop and danceclubby. There was no dancing going on though and the room was rather empty."  it was impossible to get a drink at the bar. There were two bartenders trying to serve 300 people. In sum  and nice environs! Go here!" "Just relocated to Pittsburgh (2010) and heard about this place. Saw two concerts (Bilal and Tobbey Boney) for under $30 bucks each.  The drinks are yummy  plue DIRT CHEAP!   The owner ( dude with a fro think beard) is really nice.  Heck Great club bar lounge venue. Great mix of people and music with decent bartenders and good prices on beer.  and not just standing and staring on the side lines. Did I mention that it was a live 10 person salsa band? Yes I will be back every time I am in Pittsburgh!"  I went here to check off another life list item...SPOKEN WORD! I did it! The crowd was open & welcoming to all that performed. There are some awesome artists in Pittsburgh! Also for $5.00  but tasty. The key lime pie martini and the steak burrito are a great pairing! I continue to love this place ZDKi3qsO8lSSogrIdbLJKg "Absolutely amazing! Great staff and service! Best music in Pittsburgh  or mix up something special and surprise you if you would like. Again...I'm probably not cool enough to hang out with them I just went to their Titletown Soul & Funk Party and it was a really great time. Great music Best jazz open mic I've ever seen. Possibly the best in the U.S.  it's a great way to enjoy the band and still carry a conversation.  Definitely stop by and check it out- you won't be sorry!" Who wants to go with me on a Wednesday for ~experimental~craft~drink~ night? Oh  but the grilled cheeses moved this review from a three to four star rating. Fun night  AVA is one of the most underrated place in Pittsburgh for night out." There were zero other people here aside from my friend and I.  and not even a good view? not the best venue i've ever been to..." I hope to stop in again soon . It is worth the trip."  because I think it's a place we don't have anywhere else and I'm happy to have been finally!"  some places in Pittsburgh can not offer.  Ava offers that and then some.  The atmosphere is awesome and gives off a neo soul vibe.  All of the Bartenders are friendly and can mix a mean drink (especially Asante) This is the only place I will go for happy hour or just to chill and have a drink.  Justin and staff keep up the awesome job ...Ava is my favorite spot  but I have to say the part I loved best was the collection of cars. I've never seen so many antique vehicles in one place. Definitely makes it worth checking out. However. The location is a bit wacky. It's right outside of Wilkinsburg Don't forget to have tea here too.  It is wonderful and the service is impeccable!  You and your guests can easily spend a whole afternoon here!"  with good reason. Of course not all of the Frick Art collection consists of the Met's castoffs. There many portraits of insignificant nobility done by French court painters who had little talent. Just bec. art is old or expensive There is a lot to see and do at the Frick.  Get off your butts Pittsburghers and enjoy this place!" The house is amazing and moreso the car collection.  That is free...and a must-see.  Also is you like art don't miss the art collection."  and the art museum.   It was still worth visiting just for the old cars."  if nothing else - thumbs up for the ample free parking. As an out-of-towner "Very nice home and grounds.  I could not exactly say I am a fan of the owner or how he earned his money but I did appreciate how original the house and belongings are and how beautiful the grounds and buildings are.   Can you say Johnstown flood?  How about the Homestead strike?  Celebrating the extreme wealth of few on the backs of a billion who worked 16 hour days for nothing isn't exactly something I really love to do but I can appreciate beautiful art and architecture of which there is plenty to see here.  We toured Clayton (the home)  like history or the architecture or the building itself.  They focus on some family story that may only be of passing interest because the family is rich.  Kind of like hearing about Paris Hilton or the Kardashians.  B-o-r-i-n-g. And what kind of tourist attraction doesn't allow pictures?"  and they're perfect to while away some free time on a nice day." Say what you will about H. C. Frick (let's be real: the Johnstown Flood and handling of the Homestead Strike would have tarnished Mother Teresa's image) The only drawback to an otherwise perfect day was the chilly weather.  I had a new sundress I wanted to wear (and my mom still bemoans my tattoo)."  and the nearby Frick Park is a wonderful walk. It is quite a gem in the middle of this city. Didn't tour the Clayton (reservation needed)  I would recommend prioritizing A visit to Clayton and then to the other structures at the center. There is simply no comparison to Clayton."  a very enjoyable place to visit that I highly recommend to anyone because there really is something for everyone at Frick." "It's not large but it is a wonderful way to spend a couple hours on a nice afternoon.  Take in lunch at the cafe All in all just a nice place."  the food -- you can't forget the food. Our group had fruit and cheese and wine and spring rolls and mac & cheese and dessert and on and on. Having an elaborate picnic style dinner in a beautiful space while listening to music just feels like such a magical movie moment. I'm already counting down the days to the August concert!" Fish tacos were fantastic." The Degas exhibit is also on display right now so make sure to check that out too"  I would certainly be game for a Frick Mansion tour today." It was my first time visiting and I found it go be a very nice way to spend an afternoon  there was a rotunda in the middle with tapestries hanging just around the walls. There was a nice lady by the door who explained what was where and how we could get to the other places to view art house. She was incredibly informative. I definitely loved the exhibit and would recommend checking online for other features. I think their membership is really reasonable and it's a great way to get to know local things around Pittsburgh." The Frick is a super cool place I'm looking forward to returning with a larger group for another Friday and hopefully for one of the First Friday's when there is live music."  most of his work is displayed in New York. The family home contains many paintings of the family though. The Frick Art Museum has some of his collection and typically has a rotating exhibit as well. The car and carriage museum is an interesting step back in time as well with items ranging from old Lincolns and Rolls Royces to a winter sleigh. Photos are allowed in this area. There is also a cafe Looking forward to returning there to see the art gallery and take that Clayton house tour again. Would give 4 1 2 stars in my book."  and test a lens. There were several other customers in the store and he did his best to provide attention to everyone  but unless I'm in a pinch I'm probably going to order supplies online from now on."  Bruce created a customer for life.  I am in their debt.  Don't walk.  Run to Bernie's.  I can't wait to go back to visit Pittsburgh again so I can walk in myself and meet Bruce and see the amazing selection they have first hand.  This is customer service So I think the kind of experience you get depends entirely on the person you run into. I can see how someone would be put off by the dark haired guy I ran into first "Up-charges most of their products that you can find on B&H for way less money. Sales person treated me like I was a very inexperienced. Not a bad place if you're in need of camera gear without a moments notice Zhrz3u8oBwwc2MTeMK5mYA  and they charged me an extra 4 dollars a roll for no reason.  On the website they say $8 but they charged me $12.  The owner is very pretentious and rude.  When I told him that it says 8 dollars online he didn't care at all.  When I dropped my film off the high school kid didn't even tell me the price because ""it is too much for me to calculate""  Also  this is the only game in town. Makes me glad I live in New York City. You would think a store in a dying industry would thrive to provide better customer service  heck they even pointed me in the right direction to get a job (I just moved to Pittsburgh) all in all  showing that they are not elitist but inviting about photography. They know their stuff and are very helpful.  The best part about a store like Bernie's is that potential buyers of usually expensive equipment can actually get a look at and feel for products before they buy them.  You just can't match that type of experience online and I am proud to support their business." "I gave them a film to develop back in May.  They gave me a nice receipt.  One week later I call  not a great choice. I was once a frequent customer and now I curse this establishment. For the only 'real' camera shop around  they basically told me to go elsewhere. You would think in a dying business you wouldn't turn away potential customers - especially someone who was being pleasant and polite. Even after being a dick  which had a lot of cool stuff like clothing and White House China. the Heinz history part of the museum was pretty bad ass In my making of places I will visit when going to Pittsburgh the Carnegie Museum had to make the list. With the many hours spent in the adjacent library and the museum itself there is really no way I could not make time when I visit. I am not sure if what seemed like ominous dinosaur skeletons are still there or not but either way it will be a walk down memory lane to go.  docents are a reflection of the institution in which they volunteer  but this one was a bit of a disappointment. Major thumbs down to the museum for not notifying visitors ahead of time that the statue room was shut down for a private function during the day."  and one admission covers both. The fossilized dinosaur skeletons at the natural history museum are supposed to be amazing A visit to the Carnegie Museums is a must if you're interested in either art or history and worth the admission price."  but I'm usually tired after doing the whole history museum so I never get over to the art side.  I would recommend seeing the dinosaurs  it does include both the Natural History Museum and the Museum of Art.  To get your money's worth "the Carnegie museum of art has a rich history in the art world that most people would not even know or appreciate. the world renown international exhibitions are something worth making a trip to the museum for. this year's international was very solid in its curator's ability to bring lots of cool artists to the show and have a theme. these shows happen every 3 years as it takes them that long to plan a show of that caliber. the permanent collection is not bad considering it's Pittsburgh and not NYC. people are way to judgemental of cma's collection  adjacent to the museum.  There is paid parking next door to the Art museum.  Metered street parking is also available.  The museum is largely funded through the Carnegie Foundation None of the exhibits were too crowded (on a Sat!)  The museum also has a snack bar & vending area downstairs. Inexpensive and great to grab a quick bite to eat."  a worthwhile diversion on a larger scale than you'd expect in a city Pittsburgh's size My favorite part - the gigantic room with all the dinosaur skeletons and the last room in the art galleries with the modern art... there's a really neat blue painting with concentric circles  it is REALLY worth it to get a membership.  It gives you access to the two Oakland museums  there's a varied selection of modern and contemporary works  which is the only day that they are open until 8pm.  We were there for about two hours and that was NOT enough.  I was very impressed by the geology collection  the museums were both quite pleasant and not too crowded.  Well worth the student price of $11." I thoroughly enjoyed the time I spent here and would not hesitate to come here again. Highly recommended." EEuGTah-oEssSl3o6pK-ZQ what can you say? just have a lot of time to spend! because its soo packed with all sorts of great works and exhibitions! dont for get to take art classes! especially if you have children- there are a lot of things to do.  yeah - i was never the same." All in all I did not spend nearly as much time here as I could have and would have liked. I highly recommend this for anyone visiting Pittsburgh." Can't wait to see what's next on the list." but it is a very nice place. beautiful on the outside and many cool paintings and scultpures. quite resonable entrance fee. great location. they let you take photographs inside. it seems like it would be great for children." This is great way to spend a long afternoon and there's plenty to do in Oakland afterwards." If you receive public assistance you can get $1.00 admission for up to 4 people So this was a really powerful exhibit of an eclectic collection of jewelry.  I strongly recommend reading the accompanying book  personally I like to meander and find different things at different times. I was glad to see that I could definitely get lost here in different ways on different occasions. But no review about art and dinosaurs (natural history) is really going to cover everything the space has to offer "Pittsburghers need to be proud of such institutions. Darren and I came here early last month and were amazed. The Hall of Minerals and Gems is so pretty! A girl could get lost in there alone. I also liked the exhibit of watches as well as the butterfly displays. We didn't have enough time to go through the art museum too much Wasn't the best museum I've ever been to but was much better than most.  I lijed that there were many different features and lots of exhibits that you could touch.  Volunteers were knowledgable and friendly. With so much variety it would be very hard to not find something of interest. Liked it so much that I think I'm going to be a member. We will definitely keep our membership current as the years go on - it's timeless Of course it's no Philadelphia Museum of Art but hey The Carnegie Museum is certainly a Pittsburgh treasure to be enjoyed on many levels both as kids and adults. And based on our experience Carnegie International 2013 was trip! And to see CI from previous years...it was like a hot party that all the great ones are invited to!"  you will spend the whole day there!  A must-see if you're visiting Pittsburgh!" Awesome Dinos and terrific tour guides.  and that was 3 weeks ago. THREE WEEKS and i still dont have it. I live probably 30 minutes from the museum and could have driven there 63838484848485858 times by now and picked it up. Its just sooo unprofessional and annoying. They need to get their office together and deliver refunds in a timely manner. 7-10 business days are fine but 3 WEEKS is UNACCEPTABLE for it to not have even been MAILED YET. So dissapointed and will never use them again."  can you please tell me what day since leaving messages do not gain a response except to be contacted here on Yelp. Thank you."  hockey and salads with hidden french fries (tell me again why they do that?). You'll completely understand when you visit the Carnegie Museums."  I have spent so many hours wandering around the paintings and the amazing fossils!" This museum is definitely worth the trip twice for me!" There are tons of stuff for them to do.  There is also a nice variety.  Something for everyone.  Even my wife and I were entertained.  The price of admission was well worth it considering movies are about $10 for only 1-2 hours.  We were there for at least 5 hrs and it didn't even feel like it.  The best was there were activities that left you with free ""souvenirs"".  We left with various art creations that the kids made that were really cool."  in the sense that everything in kids' lives are sanitized and over protected.  Not this place.  They've left in enough potential hazards to make it very interesting." Beyond that there are always cool displays up in the rest of the museem. Bottom line: Great for adults and kids alike Lots of fun for kids - big and small.  Good place to spend a rainy afternoon! really great place to bring kids. brought my 2 year old here on vacation and she had a blast. Her favorite parts were the painting room and the water room. a must visit if you have kids.  but you can park on site for $5." We will visit so many more times. The staff is all very nice and helpful."  so things I saw are probably not there anymore.  But the interactive exhibits are all about participation.  If it peeked my interest The changing exhibits are great as well.  I like knowing that most times there is going to be something new for us to check out.  If you live in Pittsburgh and have young children seriously consider a membership. It is worth it!" "Affordable and fun. Our children (ages 4 and 2) absolutely love it! Although three hours away  I did find it very cool to see Mr. Rogers' puppets in the cases - never thought I'd see King Friday in person." q50tpzOkywkdHun3X52USg "A great time for grown-ups too!! I came here for a team-building event and was impressed with all the different interactive displays the museum offers. Also This place is amazing from top to bottom. 2 hours down we are still here. I have so many happy memories from this place A favorite museum! Art studio and other inquiry-based children's exhibits are a must-see! We would recommend this attraction to anyone visiting the Pittsburgh area with kids." Miss the ball room w  the music and disco ball. Please bring that back!!!"  and a membership is totally worth it if you will visit with two adults and one child 3x in one year; you even get reciprocal admission to many science and childrens' museums nationwide!"  but this would be a great place for birthday parties after I read their birthday brochure."  if an exhibit opens try to see it early. Simply because kids tear shit up. We went on the opening day of Clifford and by the final week props were missing and there were kid bite marks on Clifford's bones o.0 ." My favorite thing about this museum is the ""funhouse"" slide area. My nephew loves this slide and loves the anti-gravity feel when he is inside. It's too fun!" "Play time!! Brought the little man here for a day of fun and adventure. Walking in you are greeted with bright and inviting colors. We went over to the ticket area with a big sign that says HI (can't miss that) and got our tickets and of course did what most parents with young children do we headed to the bathroom. Next we went into the art room. My son headed right to the paint area. There are little aprons so children don't get paint all over there cloths. After clipping on a piece of paper my son proceeded to make his master piece. Once done we placed his artwork one of the drying racks. Then continued to a room that had sowing machines woodworking and several other stuff. This area my son (4) wasn't as into so we continued on but not before his dad connected on the electrical stuff together to turn on on the little lights and all the trinkets work. Next there was a little area with a slide and some other interesting stuff. It reminded me of the its a small world ride at Disneyland. Just a little creepy with all the dolls and such. The next room was my sons favorite!! There was a huge slide a parachute thing "Buy a membership!  Your kids will love this place.  We still haven't visited every section yet  for us it saved $54. The third floor is the place to be so remember to take your swimsuits along because the entire room is a water feature for the kids to play. The staff here were very friendly and considerate and helpful." Unfortunately we only got to spend a couple of hours on Black Friday here but we had a blast.  The art room on the first floor is so cool  It was my daughter's first art project and we got to take it home.  We rushed past some of the other exhibits displays activities but we got to play with lights and sand before going to the bunce zone.  My daughter had a blast throwing the ball around and playing with the magnetic track next door.  We will definitely schedule in for a longer day next time. -Gfj1gA0Ir07zToO-4fBpw -Gfj1gA0Ir07zToO-4fBpw  I was disappointed that there were no signs explaining the science behind the exhibits. How could they say they do school field trips when there is no explanation of what is being learned? We will not be back. We feel like our money was wasted."  and Seattle and now Pittsburgh.  I love how they all seem to embrace to norms and environment in which they're located.  I was really impressed with the amount of space in the Pittsburgh Children's Museum.  There is ample space and staff to accommodate lots of busy children and their parents.  The exhibits are really unique...  Very different than other museums.  I really "Our 3 year old absolutely loves the children's museum! We visit frequently. Bring a change of clothes shoes for the waterplay area! The food is a bit pricy and not too great And we love the photo booth in the cafe that prints 2 photo strips!"  even for me! We took our one year old and I was worried that there would not be much for him to do. But I was wrong. There were many things for him to put his little hands on and explore. There was even a while floor specifically geared towards toddlers. Awesome!" Wonderful museum for kids. My children have a great time every time! Worth it to get membership because the one day pass is really expensive. "One of the coolest places to take your children in the city! There is SO much to do and they routinely have new exhibits for your little ones to check out. May I recommend doing the arts and crafts room first So much fun!  My kids loved it.  They have a event room that you can rent out for weddings.  Great location.  We all had a great time! this place is big and Bella our little one loved every minute of our visit!!  but I'm really seeing the fun now that the kids are a little older!" Great day and adventure for children of all ages - only complaint is the price. $13 for a 3 year old?  How long can a young one stay out?  Would be much happier if the young kids were in the $7-$8 range.  but they allow you to bring your own lunch which not many places do anymore. The third floor has the water works  7 and 2 year olds loved spending time here and are anxious to go back. I highly recommend bringing a change of clothes or a bathing suit so the kids can really experience all the waterplay floor has to offer." "Decided to make the trek from Cleveland when I saw that Daniel Tiger was doing a meet and greet to mark the opening of the new Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood exhibit Ben Roethlisberger. One hot piece of man-steak.  the best things about Pittsburgh- ever."  honestly we arent playing like champs lately! Whats up with that?!!!! can Cowher bench Ben until he truly is recovered from all his tramatic experiences this year? Batch did us well.... im also not  happy with all the interceptions.......WHY?!!! Ben's a good egg  check out: http:  www.post-gazette.com steelers steelerbars.asp to find out where you can watch a game with the Steeler faithful." No equal. Here we go stillers here we go!!! When you love these guys you will love them forever!  This team wiggles its way into your heart and you will watch them play through good and bad years and they will always be NO. 1!  I was there when they imploded Three Rivers Stadium - living up on Mount Washington.  We had an Implosion Party at the crack of dawn to give that wonderful old stadium a send off that no fan will ever forget!  Now the new (and beautiful) Heinz Stadium has taken its place.  A worthy playing yard for a worthy football team.  Go Steelers Go!  we just need a ring for that other hand..." 5GS5sBSscgcex0IFTDL9Bg 5 time Super Bowl champs.  the only) professional football team in the world..." "Being born in 1970 was about perfect. Pittsburgh was becoming the City of Champions. The Steelers will always be my favorite team. I even have the logo on my neck Born in Los Angeles CA. Never seen the lights of Pittsburgh. Only 1 team gets me emotional and excited in the NFL and that is the Pittsburgh Steelers! I love this team. We are the best fans in the NFL. I went to Disneyland with my Troy Polamalu jersey because I had to represent. While I was there 5-6 totally random strangers chanted out GO Steelers! Now where will you ever hear fans chant that out randomly? Only Steeler fans because we have so much pride in our team. I have always wanted to go up to Pittsburgh and go to a Steeler game in Heinz Field waving my terrible towel. Go Steelers! 5GS5sBSscgcex0IFTDL9Bg  just to catch your games if it is not on local tv. I am a hardcore devoted fan that appreciates all the excitement and joy you bring me along with the frustrations and anger. I will be waving my Terrible Towel 5GS5sBSscgcex0IFTDL9Bg  the five of us are going to get in an RV and drive across the country and go to a game..... right there in Pittsburgh.  Look out!" GO STEELERS!! You rock my world! Give me one for the other hand!" ......and I can't wait for next season when we face the Titans again and take care of business with Lendale White (for a former USC Trojan you stink!) We're going to the Super Bowl for the 7TH time in 43 Super Bowls Can't wait to get that 6th ring  and I never have become uninfatuated.  Now I scream and wave the Terrible Towel around in the air with the best of 'em.   I'm crossing my fingers that we'll be the first to 6 Super Bowl wins..." We love BIRDS and they are easy prey  ;+}  Even these last little red birds plucked out the feathers of the Big Green Birds.  We're going to take them down and use their little bones for toothpicks!"  but number SIX to us! Another record. for 100 yards from Harrison! Congrats to the new STEEL CURTAIN!!.  Arizona Thank you for such a great season." 5GS5sBSscgcex0IFTDL9Bg +1.  Thank you Pittsburgh Steelers." Go Pittsburgh! I love the Steelers! XOXO! S.W.A.K."  suckas! You're funny."  and the Indianapolis Colts' does not have the history and only time will tell.....here we go Steelers National Fixed League on them spread busters.  Vegas owns the NFL!  Sheiiit!!!" Not crazy about football like I use to be when I was a small fry but as far as football teams goes the Steeler are a SOLID TEAM! And their fans are crazy good crazy. Unless you come up against em and then their crazy bad crazy. So upon moving to Pittsburgh several years back I often hid the fact that I always worshiped the Dallas Cowboys for fear of being ridiculed beaten or both. If you live in Pittsburgh you will learn that it is wise to pay respect to the Steelers or else... For those that want to experience what this is like bad can't land tickets to the game I would recommend going 2-3 hours before the game and join in the tailgating festivities. Once the game starts take your friends over to one of the many northside bars to enjoy the game. McFaddens and Bettis's are tops on that list." I'm  not crazy about football but it's a nice stadium and fun to come with other people. The games are fun and the fans are great they are very into the game which fans should be.  because ""this is a five star matchup because we're in it"" and so on." -they beat out the seahawks and I'm glad they did...even though I live in Seattle" Whoops - 6 time Super Bowl Champs!  fantastic Heinz Field and a fab base of displaced Pittsburghers all over the nation."  and last Thursday when the dominated the Panthers.  I don't remember the whole game Under the wire all season except they were expected to be 1-3 with Ben benched for 4 games.  Steelers bust a move!!!"  while reacquiring veteran ex-Steelers had a nominal impact on the field (but whose locker room presence may have been more valuable). Getting to the super bowl this year was a bittersweet surprise  you've made this city proud! We'll do it in 2011 and Super Bowl XLVI in indianapolis! Here we go Steelers Also: I am entertained that I was able to check into an inanimate object.  More of a concept "There is no experience like watching The Pittsburgh Steelers in a crucial game at home.  The stadium is electric.  Steelers fans are insanely passionate about their team Here we go Steelers; Here we go."  Three Rivers Stadium and Heinz Field." Sorry but considering the Pirates allow free entry under 2 and offer discounted tickets for children under 2 if they want to participate in the activities for children's days. So NOT COOL STEELERS!"  tour guide knew exactly what she was talking about with a great personality to match. Had a really great time :)"  Baby!!! Just stating what all Steeler fans know: a Steel Dynasty is still unmatched no matter what team claims the title of current Super Bowl Champs.. Go Steelers!!!" "Yay for Steelers! It's awesome that Mike Tomlin looks like Omar Epps. Also Pittsburgh food is awesome. Pierogi But if you ever go down a mine and there are insects  is a must.  Everyone is so inviting.  Steeler fans are not only the best fans in all of pro sports  Enjoying the simple things in life." Chuck Noll Field was a great place to place to watch the Steelers practice. Handicapped accessible seating and great views of all three fields were excellent. It was fun watching all the action from the stands." Go see something so you can stop singing the same Cabaret lyrics over and over again every time you think of the place!" So I will continue to raise my jazz hands high year after year here because I'm proud of all those talented Pittsburgh peeps!"  there are several free street parking options if you drive around for a few minutes.  Or bus it for $2.25 (at your own risk)." aqNwplp89UTe8dfGXj_yKA  to name a few. Always professional and enjoyable. You can order food and or drink  the waitress was never too far and the food was satisfying. We really had a great time and enjoyed watching a play while eating and drinking. Great time and we can't wait to come back for another show." I look forward to my next visit to CLO." The ushers and other staff were all very polite. I was also impressed by some of their past shows they had displayed on the wall and would definitely go back for another show!" Overall this is a great place to see a show. It's not too big so you still feel part if the performance. The staff is friendly and the plate we had of snacks was really great. Will be keeping an eye out for upcoming shows."  not wait for 15-20 minutes more to give your check with payment to the server so they can charge you.  We thought we could go out to the bar and pay there.  Well we were wrong.  I actually ended up ordering another drink finished it and paid for that one at the bar before our waiter came to collect our tab.  I think in the future my best bet maybe to just pay cash or order at the bar to begin with.  Otherwise loved the place and look forward to coming back to see another great show!" Four stars instead of five because the will call staff was really rude.   I won free tickets (plural) or so I thought.   When I went to will call   etc. I see a lot of shows and very rarely do I pay full price for a ticket.  My second tip is for parking. Come in close here because I'm about to tell you one of my most valuable secrets.... Parking can be free downtown if you're willing to park on the street after 6:00 and walk a few blocks. Granted it's not available on every street but if you scout around you can usually find a spot. Last night I parked on 3rd Ave close to the PPG Building. Sure I had about a ten minute walk to the theater but it feels good to get the circulation going."  and he was phenomenal. There were lots of jokes and good songs with some more tender thoughtful moments near the end.  It's a 90 performance without an intermission  I'll be bringing my friends for a Girl's Night Out and bringing other couples for date nights. What a fun way to spend time together-a meal and a show. LOVED IT!!!!" We're so lucky to have the CLO. Pittsburgh has certainly made a name for itself within the arts and theater world. So many musicals have been performed here in Pittsburgh and the shows are always top-notch quality. "We saw the Pittsburgh CLO's production of Shrek the Musical last night and thoroughly enjoyed it! The characters were perfectly cast and were quite entertaining! Although all of the songs were different from those in the Shrek movies Seeing shows put on by the CLO is a great way to get out in downtown and enjoy the cultural district. Everyone should try to make it out."  the seats in the upper balconies are extremely tight giving taller people very little leg room." (and I also saw the Great Gatsby ballet that another commenter mentioned!)"  then please don't take 'em and ruin the show for everyone else   ;)" THE place to catch touring Broadway shows so its a toyt squeese for a 2 hour concert. but the sound and just the atmosphere makes me forget my knees are loc ated behind my ears. red carpet on the walls makes me get all giddy. betcha a cat would go ape in a place like this. hope its open forever."  Pittsburgh Opera and Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre perform here. So go support our local theater! Just remember it's right here in the burgh Pricing is quite reasonable too. You can go for the cheap seats for $20 on the top tier left or right of the center. $50 for better seating towards the center or orchestra seating for $90 being the best seat in the house. I love that on the website you can choose your own seats. Parking can be found two blocks away for $5 at the parking garage. Take some time out to visit this theater!"  of whom Steve Earle was a great friend. Justin Townes Earle is definitely more bluesy than his old man and while he seems to be a good performer "I recently attended La Traviata here.  Great show!  The Benedum is a fantastic facility for the arts and a true asset to the Pittsburgh region.  The only reason why it is not 5 stars  it always feels really special here.  No matter what event we attend.  Looking forward to coming back during the holiday season." I am taking off two stars because a Captain and coke and glass of red wine cost $22.00." The few downsides to the theater are the high prices for drinks (but that is expected at any location like this) and the lobby gets really cold on winter days from all the patrons coming in and out.  Theater doors usually open around a half hour before curtain time I understand that the Pittsburgh opera needs to get cheeks in seats and that groupon buyers do not constitute their normal patrons On a final note: I can't comment on the small cash bar and snacks that are in the lobby during shows  we got a chance to take in the beauty of the theater  sadly. So props to cultural trust or whomever for keeping this one going.... true Pittsburgh beauty  and I was completely impressed.  This is a painstakingly restored historic building with marvelous architectural and design details.  It is absolutely an beautiful place to go see a musical Great theater !!! Absolutely beautiful .. Live the seating ... Seen Book of Mormon here !!! Loved it  but you have to pay extra if you want to carry it into the actual show.  Kinda strange Do check into it and BUY!!!" I like coming here. Saw the Lion King. Bathrooms get crowded so you better hurry.  I'll be back. "Mom forgot her cane in the coed restroom.  Mom went to see Evita.  She says the lead performer got a standing ovation.  Mom said the people attending the event looked decent but they weren't really dressed up.  It was such an older crowd that they came and left in Access SUVs and a school bus.  The opera noted that they started in Oakland in someone's living room and the opera has been in Pittsburgh for seventy-five years.  Mom said the venue was packed but the last three rows were empty and that's where she sat for her rush ticket.  Mom said this place was pleasant because of the calm crowd.  When I asked mom how multicultural the crowd was.  She said there were a few groups of Chinese people and a few African Anericans  but they made me feel like a priority and took great care of me. I look forward to my other shows here!" Excuse me while I enjoy my nuts."  which was amazing!!! The one thing I really have to applaud about the Benedum is that the seats are all pretty good. I am on the shorter side and have never had trouble seeing  the seats are decent -- unfortunately last night we sat in left orchestra and missed the end of the ballet because it was being performed on the left hand side of the stage (behind the big post that is to the left of the stage). Other than that everything I've ever seen there has been phenomenal!I would say choose balcony seats before left or right orchestra I was here for about 4 hours and got to the see the Pittsburgh Ballet Company perform Swan Lake...the dancers were amazing. The pit orchestra was fantastic. The theatre was simply breath-taking. Such an amazing experience - especially for my first time seeing a ballet! Bravo!"  my husband and I saw the Alton Brown Live show. I had a great time and really look forward to returning in just two days for Porgy and Bess!"  I mean Alton Brown.  That was awesome. #humblebrag.)  I have had some difficult conversations with staff members in the ticketing office  I have never sat in an area where I couldn't see and I am vertically challenged so it's nice to know that even seated in the back I am able to see the show before me.  I look forward to many more visits in the future So I cannot wait until my next Benedum adventure shows itself and I will see Bonamassa every chance I get.  And yes.  I'd do the exact combo again.  But both of my 5-star favorites will get 4-stars if I have to sing in my head (well  I unfortunately don't have enough money to get front row seats. I usually buy the bargain seats in the back for $10-$20 dollars. What's cool is once the show begins you can move up to seats that aren't occupied. You may pay $10 Four stars for the beauty; definitely not for the seats."  bumping me each time she moved about. Her mother was very rude and took a phone conversation during the show. I do believe that there should be better crowd control because of this. The ushers should be watching for such behaviors because it really does ruin the viewing experience. You are unable to take photos That concludes review #200!" It's a beautiful venue and would get my 5 star rating if seating on the upper tier were comfortable.  Alas  they don't always inform you of special name entertainment unless you are a donor. I've missed out on a couple of these attractions for that reason. Still the ticket prices are way less than what you'd pay to see the same show on Broadway and I feel it is worth your money." I will always be back to this theater."  and chandeliers.  From the moment you step on to the sidewalk out front you are greeted by gentlemen who open people's car doors and escort them into the building.  There are wonderful employees who check your tickets and show you which way to go. The ushers walk you to your seat and give you a program. I'm blessed to have been enough times that I know which seats I love the best. I've never seen a bad performance and have always enjoyed my experiences. It's sad to leave and walk back into the real world."  amazing lights. The sound was great for a large space. Seats were relatively comfortable but we didn't really sit much. Had some amazing roasted cinnamon cashews too. I would love to see more there!"  amazing lights. The sound was great for a large space. Seats were relatively comfortable but we didn't really sit much. Had some amazing roasted cinnamon cashews too. I would love to see more there!"  the location is great because theater parking is nearby and there are other parking garages around.  Same goes for places to eat drink before and after the movie." This venue is so beautiful I felt like I was sitting in the beauty and the beast castle. If anyone is looking for a special events venue I would definitely recommend this."  the costumes- beautiful...  My only complaint is the bathroom situation but with such an old & historic building- you gotta expect that.  What an awesome show.  My only question- why did I wait SO long to see this?  I think we'll make this one of our Christmas traditions."  huge beautiful chandeliers and  gorgeous ceilings. There was also a choir group who were singing christmas carols during the break! We sat at the center orchestra seats at row R This place is just beautiful! All the gold and intricate carved details on ceiling and walls is just breathtaking. "Let me just start off by saying: this place is beautiful. The bathrooms are clean and I love myself some theater. But they over charge for a lot of the shows. My last show was the cirque holiday dreams show. I payed a substantial amount of money for my seats and they were in the very back row of the first floor. Not only was the top of the stage cut off for us The missing star is for a strange layout.  The line to the bar at intermission blocked the path to the restroom  it was perfect. We will definitely be back to see other shows at this venue." First tier seats are great.  Don't be scared of them.  The front row has a ton of leg room and make for more comfortable experience for the long legged type. (Like me)" I've seen many performers and shows here. What an absolutely beautiful piece of history and architecture. In addition to the beauty of this theater is the fact that there truly isn't a bad seat in the house and the sound is always impeccable. We are so lucky to have the many theaters in Pittsburgh that we do. Last night was opening night for Shrek and it was so much fun. Brilliantly entertaining for the whole family.  he was kinda nasty and condescending.  don't know if he was just having a bad day or this is how he always is Wonderful shop with amazing owners! We needed a picture framed and were referred here by some good friends of ours. Steve and Wendy were the best. So friendly and professional. They have lovely art for sale as well. Check it out and see for yourself. You will be  glad you did!  Steve and Wendy are friendly and knowledgeable.   Love this place."  NC to see the Body World exhibition at the local science museum I took the 20 minute drive up to the Carolina Raptor center.  The center rehabilitates birds of prey that have been injured with the hopes of returning them to the wild but the birds that cannot be returned are kept at the site and cared for in zoo-like aviaries.  The center affords the visitor an opportunity to learn about the birds and see them up close in a way that wouldn't be possible in the wild.  There are several types of falcons Please cal them if you ever find an injured raptor: 704-875-6521" Stop in for the mini-lecture for an up close view of some of the birds  intelligent displays educational interactions of birds of prey I have ever seen. I bring my friends and family here whenever they visit because it is that cool  hopefully sooner rather than later."  we just walked around to the different cages and checked out the other birds.  If you want to take pictures The birds were impressive and the bald eagle enclousure was great. A little pricey for small children.  and educational experience. Check out some cool looking birds while walking the trails and learn about these beautiful raptors. Great for kids and adults." I think this place was a once and done for me in that I had a good time the first time but I don't have particular motivation to go back. It was nice walking along the trail through the woods but I would consider wearing bug repellant because I left with a few bites (but I'm a mosquito magnet). It's definitely worth seeing this place  but a fun way to see the birds up close and appreciate the relationships between staff people and these interesting animals. A great way to spend a couple of hours in the (mostly shaded by beautiful forest) outdoors." Take your camera and treat yourself  in a beautiful wooded setting. There's also a very cool playground in the middle that my kids almost found more interesting than the raptors. A fun outdoor experience that also serves an important purpose." The entrance fee is $10 and the behind the scenes tour we took was $20 and well worth it. Our guide was a former teacher and was very enthusiastic and knowledgeable."  I have no complaints. The center appears to be well maintained. You get to see some amazing birds you don't get to see very often if ever at all. It makes for a nice day out if you can handle walking into hanging inch warms and the uncomfortable feeling of web on your face. Maybe the inch warm infestation is isolated to the time of year. A few inch warms hitched a ride on me. I was finding them crawling on me hours later." I was impressed with the animals.  They seemed to show very few  and this is a good cause.  But this was our first visit  ignorant people then the workers here are for you. They are brainless jerks. I wonder if the workers will read this but those rude dumb dumbs probably dont know how to read.  Not going back to this place and I feel bad for the birds that have to stay here." We are new to the area but really enjoyed our first season w Strikers.  Super nice office staff & they really seem to love the game & encourage the kids to Have fun & enjoy the game.  The format is slightly different...more like an indoor set up w the walls but it makes for a faster always moving game & helps to improve skills at a faster pace. "I can't tell you how many parents iv spoken to that were horrified at the methodology this organization uses to ""teach"" children soccer. They teach violence aggression competitiveness shame and all the things you don't want your child to take away from an activity you enroll them in so they be introduced to a world-recognized sport they can enjoy for life."  though usually riddled with the sad state of affairs that results from a lack of grammar correction. I liked the interactive aspect of it - almost akin to allowing kids to write on the walls or tag the art. And truly the luncheonette counter footage gave me chills." The Day of the Dead exhibit was kind of lame. I got there after they'd run out of sugar skulls Their permanent exhibit is ""Cotton Fields to Skyscrapers"" about the history of North Carolina and the way its changed from its beginnings.  It was very informative and by far the best exhibit we saw that day.  I loved the lifesize stores and rooms you can walk through to really get a feel of what it was like to live in NC from the Civil War to the present.  It was also a great history lesson in civil rights and how its evolved over the past 150 years or so.  We easily spent the better part of an entire afternoon there and felt good about doing so." General note...don't mistake the trashcan by the door as a trashcan I recommend it for an afternoon outing and to learn about the history and people of Charlotte."  but below the pieces it said who it was on loan from. I question people who want to put their name below the KKK clothing saying it belongs to them. That just seems so odd to me."  but that history hasn't been well-preserved.  Admission is a mere $6.  Some Sundays are free and Bank-of-America cardholders can go for free one weekend a month.  Don't miss this opportunity to glimpse the past." "I visited the Levine Museum this afternoon.  I really enjoyed the history of  Charlotte and the progression from the cotton industry  but as other folks have mentioned your younger kids - I'd say maybe younger than 9 or 10 - or people who just don't like reading a whole lot will take much less away from this museum.  Still  but it's not tiny either.  I'd say it takes about 2.5 to 3 hours to get through it if you've never been.  Some kids may be bored as it's not too interactive.  If you haven't been here Great (and cheap) way to kill an hour or two (or even more if you really want to take your time) on a lazy Sunday afternoon." Side-note: It's nice to find a Jewish-named museum that's not necessarily Jewish-themed."  though an easy maze as you wind through the exhibits.  The Cotton Gin was my favorite part of the museum. The Barbers chairs are cool too!  There is a Small theater also Great way to spend to spend a full day in this museum and still not absorb it all  especially if you don't know a lot about the post-Civil War South." Interesting to learn more about Charlotte and the South!  this should be a stop for most people visiting and or living in the area since it really provides a unique outlook at the history of the South while providing some basic information in an enjoyable manner that would allow individuals to be more understanding of the world around them." "This is my favorite museum in Charlotte.  I love the permanent exhibit that details Charlotte's history.  I have been here three times If you have time to kill and looking for something to do... This is a must see."  interesting and not too 'bookish'.  Loved the ability to go at our own pace Fantastically informative. Admission costs next to nothing and it is totally a worthwhile afternoon experience. I have lived in the South for over 20 years and have not learned as much about it in those years as I did in the afternoon I spent at this museum. udbtIhRXiehLRQoMFKvNXg A wealth of information and very courteous staff. A must see!  make sure you stop by the Levine Museum of the New South. It's a great spot to learn more about the city and state... and how it went from a rural farming state supporting slavery to become the 2nd largest banking business in the country. There is an excellent video that they show that details the days of slavery and then Reconstruction to the modern day banking industry. The museum also showcases racism in the 1960s  interactive museum. Stopped here on a whim and glad I did." "Excellent look at the history of NC and the South.   No sugarcoating of the bad but also justifiable pride in the good.  Four stars only because it's small -- but the museum has room to grow Interesting museum in uptown. From California so it is always interesting to learn about the history of the south. Great family location for an outing to make the day also educational. Brought my daughter who enjoyed the interaction displays that made the experience more fun. Nothing special but worth to come. "Great introduction to Charlotte for people new to the area and interested in having an overview of Charlotte's history.  About an hour or so of exhibits. It was free the day we went I would definitely suggest a visit to The Levine Museum of the New South to visitors and locals alike." It was very interesting to watch Charlotte grow & develop before my eyes. From cotton fields & farms to bustling center of banking & commerce. It's not the MOMA or The Met Rich with information about charlotte and culture and history.  Plan on 3 hours to see everything.  Beautiful place  it was great.  We enjoyed reading about the history of charlotte - from cotton and tobacco fields to textile manufacturing to a city of banking and other large companies.  Definitely a worthwhile hour spent to learn some interesting things about Charlotte." In short: this museum is absolutely wonderful. Go check it out." The woman at the reception desk was very friendly - and be sure to get your parking ticket validated (for two hours) if you park in the garage by the 7th Street Public Market." Don't expect to spend the entire day here Definitely recommend if you're a museum lover!" "Nice journey of the KKK community and selma protest. The cotton gin machine is also overwhelming. History always remind us how we become like this Park in the 7th St. garage on Sundays for validated tickets for the day! Free admission then as well but donations accepted."  not too overwhelming. Was great to learn about the local history. Loved how interactive it was and all the replicas."  finally made the trip there to check out their exhibit on Charlotte's history and their LGBT exhibit.  The latter wasn't as detailed as I hoped but the exhibit on Charlotte was really great!  Nice  and I've learned they validate a particular parking lot on 7th Avenue For a small museum there are so many items to go through and interact with." Parking validated if you park in 7th Street Station garage. I think it's a beautiful space and the recent event I attended here (Blackish) was a success.  we came on a Saturday). Covers a lot of different topics and is full of interesting information. Exhibits are put together well. The staff out front weren't super engaging There is a small Armenian exhibit with interactive dancing and small intriguing items.  It's a fun exhibit." I enjoyed my visit to the museum. They have a parking deck next door which gives you 2 hours of free parking. It was nice but it did make us watch the clock while we were there. They have a lot of interactive and touchable exhibits. There is a lot of history about Charlotte and the surrounding areas. I liked the Belk exhibit the best. They have a temporary exhibit but it was in transition during our visit so our tour fest a little short. It is less exspensive than other museums and I was able to gt a teacher discount.  interesting facts in this museum that you could totally rock Charlotte Trivia Night at a local bar."  I hope they will reconsider their portrayal of the reconstruction era. There is no mention in the film of the brief period in which blacks *did* hold elected office (and did incredible things like start public school systems that served every citizen!) before a wave of terrorism led by educated and plantation-class white men erased the gains courageously fought for and realized for seven years under Reconstruction. Instead Parking was easy - the museum validated parking at the garage next door." I'm glad I found this place. Thank you Yelp reviewers! I really enjoyed this museum. The exhibits were well laid out and I love the hands on aspect like carding cotton and feeling the cotton seeds. I never knew about all the cotton mills in North Carolina and the mill villages. I also enjoyed the Fox Movie Reels that were playing. Another great feature was the little Main Street area with the clothing store Went to see the NUEVOlution! Exhibit today and participated in one of the museums discussions groups. It was a great program and a good way to have a diversity conversation.  be sure to check out their gift shop while you're there. That's right Very cool and casual vibes from this free-to-enter art gal. The staff was friendly and even provided me with a map of the three-story exhibit with some tips and essays about some of the most outstanding pieces.  data that I did not know before. Wonderful 2nd floor exhibit. Totally recommend it. The two young ladies at admissions The Light Factory is awesome. It puts on very cool photography exhibits and has a variety of educational programs for digital and film photography for teens and adults. One example: The Light Factory did an amazing photo and art exhibit on post-Katrina New Orleans after taking a group of high school photography students on a trip there. I have taken two of their photography classes and really value what I learned.  Met a bunch of geeky nerds like myself and had a great time.  You may think the prices are a little steep at first  this does not detract from the quality of the exhibits within.  ""Suspicious Minds"" was a surreal photography exhibit at different points beautiful and eerie. It was a demonstration of the skill and artistry when you manipulate the film  just attend and look around. It's even free to drop by Spirit Square and just take a self-guided tour. You'll be glad you did."  NC.  The other exhibition was called ""Street Wise"" looked like photos from the 1950's of people standing in the streets  but I think this is a ""See it once"" kind of thing."  and definitely friendly on the wallet when you need something to do Uptown."  as what we saw were mostly sticks and twigs stuck into things.  It was not impressive by any means and not ""art"" in my book.  I'll stick to Charlotte's Mint Museum of Art if I want to see something artsy."  I'd recommend checking out the Young Affiliates of the Mint. It's a social group for young Mint supporters. They have fun parties and monthly happy hours on the roof of the Mint. It's a great venue because you're in the middle of Uptown's skylines and have a really unique view of the city."  because it is probably one of the fanciest strip clubs in Charlotte.  You will have to pay quite a bit of money here to get entertained.  I came here for Amateur night  but I was just so skeeved out by the stickiness that I couldn't appreciate the rest of the environment. Also  upstairs. It was OK. Nothing to get a wet dream over. This is not the best stipclub in Charlotte. Personally The guy was a real champ! It made for an awesome show!"  from sexy stockings to tight pants.  I preferred the stockings.  It gave the place more of an old school gentleman's club feel."  I'm no strip club connoisseur but I've been to a few and when I say a few I mean like 3.  This one would have to fall right in the middle in terms of quality of the girls and the fact that the space inside is a bit too cramped.  I don't want to feel like I'm right on top of another.....dude!  Lol.  So would I come back?  Sure  and lay off the cocaine... I mean really!!!??? Who wants to spend money on a lard a**! So turned off by this club. They have way too good of a location for it to be wasted on ugly trailer park trash! Some chick tried to take me upstairs and charge me 45 dollars per song! She looked like ET with a mop on her head. And this other chick looking like a fat ugly betty tried to charge 25 for a regular table dance. I have no problem with big women either All said don't go here unless you're pretty wasted beforehand or you'll be paying a pretty big markup on those drinks! But if you're hungry don't be shy  so my husband and our friends brought me to see what it's all about.  I actually had a great time and was very impressed by some of the women on stage.  It was like Cirque du Soleil!  I want to learn to walk on the ceiling now.  Women are always free and the ladies were so sweet to me - got a couple cheek kisses *blush*.  I'm not going to be ordering a lap dance anytime soon poor service and no contact dance. ... Other clubs in charlotte are better ... Very disappointed ....."  pricy dances ... I am not recommending this shit to any one..." Worst strip club I've ever been to. Do NOT even think you could use coupons or think the manager will honor anything. Received a complementary free pass and was denied by the manager even though there was no restrictions. Worst service ever "This place is a craphole. My friends and I have gone for a 2 AM breakfast a couple of times (I know that seems weird but it's cheaper than eating at the diner that caters the breakfast!) and the people working there are absolute dicks. The girl at the front door acts like she's the hottest thing since sliced bread. The girls that walk around are bit*hes unless you're throwing wads of money out. I jokingly told one of the girls that my friend wanted a lap dance and within 5 minutes he came back really mad. He said she danced and he handed her $30 and she said ""NO! It's $60!""  That's crazy considering the girls don't even look very good! Maybe I'm biased because I'm not a strip club kind of guy but this place is a bad way to end a good night" FYI: No smoking in any bar or restaurant anywhere in North Carolina. If they have a drink special it has to last all day... no happy hours. Sorry but it's NC law." I noticed some people complaining about free passes not being honored. Always make sure to read the cards. You usually can't use them after a certain time or when special events are happening." THE BEST SHRIMP AND GRITS!!! $10 for the lunch buffet and there's a lot on the menu. A favorite is the shrimp and grits. Some of the best I've ever had. I'm not a regular in the strip club but I got card and I can go back for $5 next time! Who's meeting me for lunch?!!  nice layout and smoking hot girls. One of my biggest strip club pet peeves is ""busted"" girls and girls who don't even try to dance. You could tell that these girls clearly have to go through some kind of audition process to work there because all of the girls looked great and were talented dancers. My fiance and I went on Valentines Day with friends who are married. The four of us has a great time and definitely enjoyed the show we were given. Unlike many clubs I've been to  dress shoes when I go to a club .  Girls are attractive .  But avoid upstairs or prepare to open the floodgates of your wallet .  We'll be back for sure but guys and gals put some effort into dressing up for an evening out."  you could get those upstairs quality $30 dances for $10 downstairs from the way more ambitious girls they had back then. I was very disappointed last night. I came with a bunch of money This is almost always the last stop I go to after a night out on the town on a Saturday night! 2 am breakfast buffet is ideal after a night of bar hopping. I get a pretty awesome breakfast and a show. Last weekend I even got the pleasure of seeing a stripper fight. Those girls are wild! Worst place ever!!!  Went upstairs for a bottle then got my credit card run-up 3x the amount and my debit card run-up.  Avoid this place at all costs!!!  Bunch of thieves!!!!! Do yourself a favor and either throw yourself in front of oncoming traffic because you'll pay less at a hospital. I can go on and on but it looks like Action 9 and the District Attorney's office want to look seriously into this matter . This place is a skid mark on Charlotte's underwear. Well  and closes at 3 AM. It is always overcrowded with cheapos who go there for cheap breakfast. Also I went their on a friday night. It was a decent croud. After 10:45 all the drunks started pouring in lol i loved it. Me and two buddies went. It was a blast. Pearls really tried to rape me and i loved it. Going back again. Girls are down to earth and get their job done.  the girl at the front door is super sweet! She's only going to be a bitch if you're acting a fool... which I've seen and it's not pretty."  lots of drug-addict looking chicks and post baby bodies. Men's Club is way better. Definitely quantity over quality at Uptown As long as you want to have fun "I'd go here just for the Cheeseburger. Staff is friendly. Not a bunch of crackheads running around like some of the other clubs in Charlotte. Tons of girls. I think I counted like 50 of them!! Anyways Front door girls are bitches but the atmosphere is amazing!!! Great place to have a good time!!  I found myself rather disappointed. The girls have gone from beautiful and personable to average attractiveness and sometimes rude."  the woman at the counter once inside was consumed in conversation with another worker so we had to wait a few minutes for her to once again check ids to only tell us there was no cover. So from reading reviews I though the dress code for the men would've been strictly enforced but I still saw men with jeans This spot is well worth your time money well spent plenty of beautiful women better than some LA clubs  this stadium gets a high score for you and depresses me." "Well it's no longer Erisson it is Bank of America Stadium which is fitting since BOA is headquarted in the city.  Home of the Panthers the stadium is awesome.  My brother owned seats here for several seasons and I was fortunate enough to use them many times.  If you can imagine ATT Park in SF as a football venue then that would be accurate.  Lots of food options BofA Stadium does its job by providing a great place to watch a game. But don't expect anything to overly impress you  expect a good time.  It is pretty easy to score tickets outside of the stadium even during a sold out game and there is plenty of great food and tailgating going on.  With great players like Julius Peppers and Steve Smith  and it's fun to go out and find a spot where Charlotte really comes together. We can be a kind of hodgepodge  family-friendly atmosphere. And there are always tickets available  I was impressed with the experience.  I came in as a boisterous away fan and left with a great time."  Bojangles' etc. I have to agree with Dave S. - there really is something for everyone here. Great stadium - I look forward to coming back!"  as the seats are all good providing great views on the field. Had upperdeck corner endzone seats about 20 rows up and had a great time. Stadium is older  but it does the job. If you leave disappointed it won't be because of the stadium."  but I think Bank of America Stadium is still pretty modern and growing in charm.  Not sure why people are wanting a new stadium since this one is already good - we'll have another Hornets Bobcats scenario with our tax dollars hard at work." The Panthers did a good job building the stadium "Located right in the heart of downtown Charlotte this stadium surprisingly has pretty easy access to the stadium.  If you arrive early enough I recommend going to Picasso's they have pretty decent wings and cheap beer.  As you walk to the stadium you see statutes of Panthers all around along with numerous tailgaters.  We went to the Saints game and the saints fans are definitely one of the passionate fans in the league it felt half the stadium was Saints fans  plus they're serving Olde Mecklenburg on the 100 and 500 levels  parking can be $20.  There's really no reason to pay more than $10 for parking." The only reason they don't get five stars is because the food (as with all stadiums) is on the expensive side Parking in the area is plentiful & pretty reasonable on game days."  but the upper level is not bad just lots of walking......not good with a toddler........that being said the pregame fire and cannon sounds scared the life out of my son...lol.......and then we got a little wet from all the rain but thankfully they have nice open air areas by concessions to sit and watch the game until the rain passed over. The food is usually pretty good Go Panthers!  You'd be hard pressed to find a nicer stadium.  Good fan experience.  Good tailgating on Sundays.  Decent parking and access. Haven't sat in a bad seat yet- very clean stadium.  Lots of options for food and drink so the lines aren't long- you can even get some craft beer.  I love Sir Purr- he is a great mascot.  My only complaint is that every time I was in line for a margarita they were out (or so they said :)  Also note to smokers- you have to go outside stadium to smoke- not just on concourse.  From what I understand once you leave you can't get back in either.  at a hefty price though. The problem I have is if you want to stand up and cheer some wine and cheeser will yell at you to sit down. It happens every game. We are at a football game here people come on. If you want to sit down  and I was with my mother and two small children. It was a long chilly walk back to our car. Just wish we had been informed PRIOR to entering the store that we wouldn't be allowed back out unless it was on the exterior of the stadium- we would've gone prior to the game instead of after!!" Still five stars.  Had the opportunity to take chickie's son to his first game Sunday.  Awesome experience even though we were blown out by Tennessee.  Amazing to see how the fans act in Charlotte.  So much class and comraderie.  Go Panthers!!!! Even with hiking your butt up and down the ramp you see nice views of the city!" "I very much enjoy stadium tours.  While I have been to more informative tours and more impressive stadiums 000 for my travel and game arrangements. Panthers got blown the eff out but guess what? The city was beautiful and nearly spotless. I could spit on the ground and I would feel guilty. Despite losing $4 Go have yourself some fun...maybe stay for the whole game even!" This was a great stadium.  I came here for The Brothers of the Sun Tour I loved it.  It sucked because it rained at the beginning but it stopped before Tim McGraw and Kenny Chesney started to preform.  I think a great enhancement for the stadium would be to put a little roof over the top seats just so it shelters you a little.   Charlotte is an awesome city and the stadium is very nice.  Im not a panthers fan so I most likely won't be coming here for a football game though.  would have been better if I had gotten into the game sooner!!!"  so no concerns about walking to from the stadium.  All the staff members we encountered were friendly & helpful.  Nice variety of concessions.  High prices clean very well kept stadium  but I like this stadium a lot. My one and only qualm that I've noticed a few other reviewers mention is the flow of people into the stadium. It's always a cluster f#$%^k going in! They either need to minimize the pat-downs I think what I like most about the stadium is the Charlotte skyline backdrop.  On a nice sunny day it's a beautiful shot of the city." There isn't a bad seat here! Great location with awesome views of Charlotte. Sure the food and beer is expensive...but what were you expecting?! Great choice for a bowl game and hope UC returns again." Beer was reasonably priced.  Sight lines are good."  food and drinks expensive of course stadium look nice but then again I never to another stadium so can say I was a virgin.. Lol we were up high sec 540 row 32 but still saw the field so no biggey. I loved it. Next time I'll know how the seating  goes. U gotta see the stadium if ur in nc. You guys are great out in nc."  but I definitely look forward to coming for some games!!! Can't wait to do an update and see what else this place has to offer!" g-Q7G5Q2zHb1BqoF8pq-OA  there was always music playing or something going on on the big screen. They do a great job keeping the fans pumped up and excited  otherwise go online and reserve a spot for $15.00.  Some lots guarantee security and restrooms and an attendant all day.  Now the stadium adheres to all of the newest NFL guidelines pertaining to what you can bring into the stadium.  Ladies were turned away because they had larger than regulation purses.  Those of you with seat cushions read the guidelines.  Diaper bags "I've been here plenty of times over the years for Panther games. I love it! Not a bad seat in the place. I've also brought family and friends from out of town by here even on non game days just to look around. The huge panthers on the exterior of the stadium are very impressive up close. If you're looking for authentic Panthers jerseys or other NFL team memorabilia  get with it and make this facility all it can be."  The game was bitter sweet I am Cincy Born and Bred and TARHEEL WED! GO HEELS THAT BEING SAID... the concession workers STINK on an alarming level.  By and large it takes almost a HALF HOUR to get a drink of ANY sort.  I stood in line for 20 minutes (ALL OF HALFTIME AND THEN SOME) for a diet pepsi... the workers are worse than slow... actually  because The Puritanical Swofford and The ACC deemed the Commoners could not purchase alcohol during the game..if you spent the big bucks on The Club Level Tickets the booze was freely flowing I am told..ACC clearly follows the old mantra..""all people are created equal...some are just more equal than others""..as for the things I can can comment on; getting into the venue through the security line was as hard or harder than any airport..I was specifically warned do not try to sneak booze in as you will be caught..it was hilarious as we approached the gate seeing so many people doing a sudden 180 as they realized how thorough the search was...on a bitterly cold night as you were checked by security; all  hats and coats had to be taken off and the contents from your pockets had to be removed..then you were patted down and wanded...it was a little awkward when they were done because normally when you get felt up like that your expected to exchange Promise Rings or Phone Numbers at a minimum...once inside "The most traditional stadium in the NFL with great sight lines from every seat. The most fan and kid friendly stadium as well as the safest. Great food with Bojangles  but quite difficult to manage when you have small children as they funnel everyone in to a very small area.  While there are good vantage points throughout the stadium The stadium is beautiful with lots of food and drink options."  but that is to be expected. The only thing I would say is there was not much food variety from what I could see at the club level vs levels above us. All in all good visit and would go back again whenever the Steelers are back in town." Nice clean stadium. New audio and jumbotrons make for an amazing time! We went here last week for the Panthers Bears game. Amazing atmosphere and beautiful scenery of the uptown Skyline.  but not the outcome!  Boo!  The stadium is very clean and nice.  Even the Panthers fans were gracious.  We were  not intimidated as some stadiums can be when you are a visitor.  Can stand below before the game to see your favorite players and get a great perspective of the stadium.  Large screens on both ends of the field  which was just fine with me. Learned lots of fun facts.... Now I can impress my friends with what I know.....Looking forward to going back when the field is painted."  this is my happy place. Go Panthers!! Rarrrrrrrrr" Tip:  You can bring two (2) unopened clear bottles of water through security and into the Stadium.  This is something I just learned this year.  It is a nice way to save a few bucks and helps you to rehydrate after a long day of tailgating."  the staff was incapable of understanding that students within the student section are going to sit with their friends and not random people. I saw countless groups get seperated and moved to their ""appropriate"" seat when the staff had been explicitly told by organizers to allow students freedom of movement within the student sections. Thus  the usher came over and started arguing with us. Really? I was completely floored by this guys behavior. Are theses the type of people you hire t be ambassadors to Charlotte? You might want to look a little longer for employees Had a few great experiences here. I did the stadium tour and the lady who gave it was great. Explained history of the team and facility. I also attended two games as well. I sat lower and upper levels and that's not a bad seat on the house. We'll be back for more games in the near future.  get yourself up to a Cook Out and check out the cajun chicken sandwich with extra cajun  they need to take note. I was impressed by the food selection & quality. The bathrooms stayed clean & the attendants were all very nice & smiling. Kudos to the designers & managers of this facility. We had a nice visit to Charlotte & a W in the BoA Stadium." Here for a soccer games. You can bring water bottles( unopened). Also brought some snack and they don't say anything. Once you in they don't let you out. And lady you can bring a small purse in. I love Bank of America Stadium! We go there during the Panthers home games &  almost always get players autographs down where they park.You just need to get there early. The seats we sit in are great. We sit down on the 3rd row in section 123 in the end zone. I've sit in other seats further away & they're also good. The people working in concessions are always polite. Love the stadium!  it's kind of a happy place for me as I love football!! Anyways first of all it used to be a ridiculous walk to get to your seats and if you were in the top tier well bring an oxygen mask because by the time you hiked up there you were going to need it. Now however they've installed escalators and I had a chance to check them out last year. It makes a huge HUGE difference. The steps to the top are still super steep (scary) but doable. The lines here are fast moving "Home to my favorite NFL football team "We went to our first Panthers game here last weekend and loved the stadium. There wasn't a bad seat in the house and there were tons of food and drink options during the game.  The stadium is also in a great area for walking around.  We parked down the street g-Q7G5Q2zHb1BqoF8pq-OA  at least. My biggest issues with the stadium is the bag restrictions. They only allow certain tiny bags in or clear plastic bags. I bought a clear bag and was allowed in and 6 days later I took the same bag and they refused to let me in. Some people walk very far to get to the game so walking back to place a bag in their car isn't all that easy. I also believe they should have more bag check areas because the flow of people isn't good going into the games. Other than this huge issue of bag restriction  but the new tv and improvements on the inside are a welcome change.  This seriously is one of the best stadiums in terms of viewing  we still had a blast. It was cool going in 2 hours early to get close to the players as they were warming up. I'll definitely go again." "My husband and I went to our first Panthers game for the blow out win over the ATL Falcons on 13 Dec 15!  We had a BLAST!  The stadium was great and the staff was very helpful and friendly.  Most importantly  I recommend you give it a try. The experience is great  so I'm used to it and usually willing to pay it if the product and service are on point.  Parking...it's downtown Charlotte so its a premium anyway.  It's not terrible if you don't mind walking a bit."  I'd go as far to say that Panthers fans are the coolest that we have experienced in 3 different road playoff games." Was here for the playoff gem this past weekend against the Seahawks.. Was impressed with the huge video boards and how they were HD.. They looked great and I am guessing that they're new.. Sat in the club level.. Seats were nice except I didn't get to sit in them much since almost the whole time the stadium was standing which got kinda old.. Other than that great time and enjoyed the atmosphere go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers  go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers  go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers  go panthers. go panthers. go panthersgo panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers  go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers. go panthers  go panthers. go panthers. go panthers G O  P A N T H E R S ! ! !  K E E P  P O U N D I N G ! ! ! "Love the vibe and feel anytime I enter this stadium! Here's a tip- to get the best beer options and take advantage of faster lines I'd say walking to age 10 would love it!" The only reason I rate Discovery Place a 4 out of 5 is that they discontinued the laser shows they used to hold years ago every Friday and Saturday nights.  Those were good clean fun for the college crowd." I do love the Imax theatre. We've taken the kids to see movies like Happy Feet and Undersea 3D. That's a blast." Convenient parking and great exhibit - Body Worlds. The IMAX is wonderful - beware lots of kids everywhere!  this was a great experience and I will definitely return to see the other great showings  which was amazing.  They have different shows centered on space and nature.  It is always a learning experience for kids and adults alike.  They also have Pink Floyd and Led Zepelin light shows on rare occasions."  Discovery Place is a great resource here in town. They always show the morbid  which is a definite plus for something located uptown."  pudding and salad boxes. Combo options for about $6 include fries and soda drinks. I'll go with the pizza and the yogurt." This place is full of great knowledge & hands on displays for kids to learn all things science. It's a great place for kids  so you should be able to get in without too much trouble. On top of their specific exhibits (which are great for kids and adults) We also chose to see ""Spider-Man 3"" on their IMAX screen on opening night.  It sounds much better than it actually is.  Specially created IMAX movies on IMAX screens = good.  Regular theater movies blown up on IMAX screens = bad.  The experience made me nauseous and I couldn't ""see"" all of the action because it was everywhere at once.  I'll stick to IMAX features like their ""Beavers"" showing next time. :)" BTW check out the MILF in the photos!" Only disappointment I ever had is I went to see Happy Feet on IMAX and the dude who's job was to roll the film up after it played jammed the damn thing and I never was able to see the show :("  consider a one year membership deal. We *might* get back there one more time in the next year  I almost gagged at the sight of both toilets covered in urine!!  I get that its also parents responsibility to make sure there kids don't pee all over the seats  I was left wanting a bit more.  I would prefer to go to an entire museum that specializes in *JUST* nature or architecture or microbiology because my attention span and interest level is just a little higher.  So come with the kids  maybe 5 - 11ish who would benefit from some of the more mature exhibits upstairs.  While we did enjoy our time there It was a bit pricey for what was being offered.  They do offer a year pass.  We didn't even go to the IMAX - that was extra.  We were only there for a few hours before we saw everything we wanted to and left.  Very educational though." My 13 year old nephew discovered his love of mechanics while at Discovery Place. That is seriously worth every penny. Someone working there spent extra time with my nephew- showing him how to take apart and put back together a robot. Very awesome."  waiting turns and being polite. There is also a cool water area and kids play area for the super young ones so you can bring your whole family! You could make creations from paper and fabric and email them to yourself. Or take pictures of something like a fossil through a magnifying glass and email it to yourself. So high-tech! One of the most fun things we did while we were there was match the poop to the animal - not as easy as you would think! The biggest poop does not necessarily go to the largest animal FYI!" ZBQWSsUXwixFmm3lpegMiA  Charlotte has free 3d movies and larger interactive exhibits.  They lean heavily on scientific method & practice.  Definitely a fun 4-6 hours.  The Cons: $8 to park "This is really amazing if you can afford it.  It was $22 for my boy and me to go.  BUT he had an incredible time.  Couldn't get him to leave and we must go back.  It has tons of science demonstrations that are hands on and they demonstrate physics in a  way that is really fun.  They have several shows per day that teach about animals  I seriously enjoyed coming here! It completely exceeded my expectations. This museum is a must when visiting Charlotte  get the membership!  Admission costs can add up for multiple people." This is also the first visit since they opened the aquarium and rain forest. I felt like I was back in South Florida seeing the ocean life and feeling the warm humidity of the rain forest."  but the parents seemed to keep things under control. I did enjoy the aquarium and some of the other exhibits. I wanted to see the 3d sea film Bottom line if you have kids from out of town visiting this is the place to go!"  Discovery Place is a great place for kids  I had an absolute blast at Discovery Place.  My boyfriend and I spent nearly 3 hours there on a Sunday afternoon - no children "Fantastic place. The exhibit was well done and they paced out the flow of people so the crowding around the mummies was minimal. Interactive area was fun and they made a lot of room for creativity. The ""live"" exhibits where great as well. Overall  is competely interesting for all ages. The exhibit essentially shows what life is like through animal eyes by attaching a camera to all different kinds of critters! The exhibit had something for everyone. Adults got to appreciate the technological and scientific elements Little smaller than one would expect for the admission.  Mind you there are a lot of stuff to do here but I can see when it is crowded that this place is not worth your money.  I can just envision waiting around to do things and your kid starting to get tired of waiting....if empty then you are golden.  We just stopped by since we were visiting Charlotte and needed a kid's thing to do in between the adult things.  Was worth every penny to satisfy our little one on our vacation.  The germ section they have now is a bit scary though for the youngest of them.  as an out of town visitor I found this place to be a very interesting way to spend an afternoon. Everyone in my group really enjoyed themselves and we were totally glad that we took the time to check it out."  not counting break for lunch in neighborhood.  I can't think of any kids place in my neck of the woods that is so much fun and such a great deal.  They got exhibits and tons of interactive stuff "I live an hour away from Charlotte and find that this place is worth the drive for an 8 year old kid.  My son had a blast and keeps asking when we can go back.  ""This museum is so much batter than the one we have at home!"" is what he said Wonderful place for kids and families.  Be sure to go back as some of the exhibits change.  Sue the T Rex and Kapla Buildings have been my favorites over the years. A great way to spend a day downtown." ZBQWSsUXwixFmm3lpegMiA  but I doubt we'd go again on a future Charlotte visit.  Unless we just did the IMAX when the kids are older." While on Spring Break we stayed up the road at Great Wolf Lodge and decided to ride up to Discovery Place. This museum is AWESOME! Our 2 year old loved it. It is a very hands on experience and she loved every minute of it. Her favorite part was using the building blocks in the exhibits on the 2nd floor. My favorite was the rain forest exhibit and her dad is a big kid at heart so he loved it all especially the petting stations in the aquarium where you got to touch the animals. She also saw her 1st 3D moving about lions in the jungle. This is definitely a must do for kids of all ages.  plenty of live animals....  But we really like the ""shows"" they do.  Theres one called sub zero right now where they show the effects of dry ice on things adn the kids get to play in the steam and watch rubber gloves get frozen and crack.... my kids are mesmerized.  Those shows are about every half hour on the weekends.  I think members should not have to pay so much for IMAX tho I can see myself taking my nephew here time and time again. Its definitely an inexpensive way to have some fun with the family." "Terrific interactive science museum for kids (and adults) of all ages. We took our kids along with some friends from out of town  and I hope they will bring it back sometime in the future. All around a great science and nature museum thst has something for everyone!" I would say this place is best for kids 7 and under." We will definitely visit next time we are in town."  but apparently each night is themed.  Tickets are $8-$10 and you get to experience all of the awesome exhibits that the science education center has to offer.  Things are just as fun as they were when you were a kid - just now but recently went this past saturday to take my five year old daughter.She enjoyed it alot but to me it seems alot has changed over the years.i was excited to check out the alien exhibit  the kid zone is downstairs next to the IMAX theater area.  I know my daughters eye's lit up when we finally found it."  so if you find yourself going there more than once a year I highly suggest buying the membership. Be wary of the hours "This is a great museum with fun exhibits. During a normal day there are too many kids running around and taking the run of the place. Our favorite night is every 3rd Friday of the month for ""Science on the Rocks."" They are themed nights for adults 21 and older. There are full bars  even the adults! The displays are all interactive and interesting full of basic and advanced information for all to enjoy. There were also stations where employees had different reptiles and sea creatures that the kids could touch and ask questions about. There was a small area of sea life on display as well as a really cool frog toad exhibit on the floor above. While were there they had a moving dinosaur display "Needed to burn a few hours & decided to check out Discovery Place. It seemed like my hubs & I were the only adults without children there. When in Rome.... We had a blast with all the kids. December is nutrition month. I really like the fat to muscle displays. There was a ton to do & I could have spent several more hours playing in all the exhibits. I loved how hands on the exhibits are for everyone. I also loved that some of the ""apprentices"" are kids. Fantastic learning experience for them. Because I am a biologist  that gives a great understanding of how things work. Lots for all ages  but that is a separate fee from the General Admission fee. Kids love this place.  Now my gripe. Admission for two adults and two kids is about $60. For 1.5 floors of exhibits I did not find much value. There was nothing for me as a parent other than enjoying the smiles on my children's faces. Really guys? I pay you to chaperone my own children. Either charge the adults and not the kids  whose parents were over in the corner on their assorted electronic devices.  This place is little more than a overhyped daycare now.  All the cool things I did and enjoyed as an adolescent were replaced with ""rooms"" that had microscopes that barely worked "Spent four hours here with my granddaughter and didn't see it all or exhaust her either. Wonderful Awesome in every sense of the word. We were there for hours. Kids loved it and it is very reasonably priced.  and they have bars set up as well as music and fun activities to be a part of!"  I was a little disappointed because there were a lot of things that we saw in pictures on their website that they didn't have there. There were a ton of kids there from a summer camp but there was a lot of stuff to do so it didn't really affect our visit. Overall My kids had a blast. So much to do and see. Prices were reasonable . I wish there was a more kid friendly restaurant though !! A great place to being kids.  Completely worth the money.  The only thing that prevented 5 stars is that my son got burned by a hot glue gun at the duct tape section.  While it says hot- not really meant for young children. Reasonable price. Military discount available (just ask). More for children older than 6 y o. We brought our 1 year old who loved the toddler area. The toddler area was small but perfect for the little ones to run around and get into everything without the bigger kids toppling over them. Loved the water table. Guitar exhibition was really cool for us adults. Was pretty bummed that none of the bathrooms had changing tables.  everything else is just ""vanilla"". Overall it's overpriced." It's a fun place for kid's and parents!" Great place for little little kids but I feel like all the good stuff are often closed off when we come. Just needs...MORE!  you could go to both floors - and the exhibits where you could touch the sea life was open too. I went on the 80's Back To The Future night Great place to go to spend a few hours.   Also theirs a private parking lot on site.  Park on the top of the parking garage.  Because there is a walkway from the parking garage to inside the museum. Go down the elevator to the first floor. That is the second entrance into the museum. The two stars is for the parking garage. We waited for over 30 minutes just to pay and exit the garage on a Saturday night. We should pay when we come in or there should be more lanes to leave! "We came here to see the body worlds exhibit. It was really interesting and cool. The whole place was fun. I came with my husband and baby. It's a fun place to learn and spend a few hours. Everyone here was very nice and friendly. I will be back once my daughter is older This is my daughter's favorite spot in CLT.  So many different exhibits to see.  She has spent 5 hours there just doing everything they have.  They have a wonderful summer comp for science loving kids.  Just sign up early.  They reach their limit quickly.  including hands on activities where my son was able to touch a snake and live sea creatures. I think it's great for the school aged kids or younger. Not appropriate for high school aged kids as there were plenty running around on field trips the same day I was there as well. It's nice that this place does ""cater"" to everyone but I believe it should be left to the youngins. There is an imax 3D theater as well and a small cafe on site."  don't be! It is absolutely fascinating. We did not pre-purchase tickets and had no issue getting in on a Sunday afternoon. It was packed with families and children and the vibe was great. While there were a lot of people we were able to take our time in the exhibit and were in and out in 1.5 hours. We parked in 7th Street Public Market and ate brunch ahead of time. Our parking for a total of 2.5 hours was $6 Took my gf to see the body world exhibit. Awesome experience and a lot of fun. It's nice to just roam around and do whatever you want. They had a nice aquarium area. Upstairs is also fun because you can do a lot of things and interact with stuff. We also attended a science show that blew stuff up. I think they offer something different every month so it's worth going every 6 months or so especially with kids. We went another time and they had a guitar exhibit that my husband loved." There are some really great things about the discovery place! I think it is a great place that you can take your kids and spend all day having fun and learning about science. I do want to say that they are busy on the weekends. Parking is $12 and is not validated when you go inside even though it is the Discovery Place's own parking garage. Prices are a little steep for the museum as well so I would recommend getting the Membership for your family. It was easy to get to even though it is uptown.  I did enjoy the gentleman with the ponytail who looked similar to a biker I knew once. All in all I think I prefer the natural science center in Greensboro and sciworks to this place. Not to mention when we walked in they had some huge line problems and had poorly laid out where people should go to wait in line. When we asked about it they blatantly ignored us. Thanks for the poor signage and dismissive staff."  but you can probably find street parking as well.  I rode the train into 7th Street Station and walked up 2 blocks."  project-based activities. You should take your kids and allow them to explore and even chat with them about what they think they're learning through free-play. There's something for everyone young and old to learn here."  it was an awesome place. Very interactive and hands on rather than staring through the glass or not being able to touch. Would highly recommend I really liked it here. The receptionist was a bit moody for my liking but I'll live. I'm an adult and I felt like there was so much for me to do. I recommend bringing kids 5 and up here. The rainforest was so cute. I was in here looking at their rental spaces for an event next year.  The downstairs gallery is beautiful!!  When I was there multiple art pieces and items were on display.  Just gorgeous.  They have a number of event spaces in case you are looking for your next corporate or private event.  Competitive pricing and they even have an Event PROFESSOR on staff!  Lol!  How do I get this job??  Very helpful folks and clean nice spaces.  I will definitely think about doing an event here.  Thanks guys!  but there was an outdoor section which was pretty neat and then an empty room where we sat to eat over look the city through the outside bar.  Five Stars! Ill be back."  but great if you enjoy the beauty in art or need to find somewhere to escape a hot day. The building itself has spaces on the top floor that artists rent out as well as conference rooms. The architecture is lovely  and the rooftop 'Living Wall' couldn't be a better place for pictures! This is a great way to kill an hour or two browsing We held my daughter's wedding reception here. Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Great views of The Queen City. Highly recommend for your event. How's that for a midday snack?"  but I imagine that this is a pretty good joint even by looziana standards.  I always get the blackened platter with chicken and the fish special with one of their rotating toppings JvsCfolT6X9td9spj6Omfg  and the prices were very reasonable for the amount and quality of the food we received. This is definitely a place we will return to  were delicious and accompanied by great sauces.  The typical Nola food didn't fair as well.  The gumbo was heavy on the tomato  that you can't help but chew on two or three in each mouthwatering bite.  I think the deliciousness is a combination of the crawfish "I wasn't quite sure what to expect from this place.  Seeing some of the patrons walking into this place dressed up and at the same time seeing a giant alligator statue sitting in a throne in the front yard.  Once inside it's actually a really nice place.  The service is great  I have room for the key lime pie. The key lime pie is worth the trip by itself. It's just the right tangy and just the right sweet. It's incredible."  but it was blackened with an amazing tangy sauce and came with mashed potatoes and greens. Their menu is really different Dixie Blackened voodoo was delicious." I ordered the Spicy chicken etouffe which was awesome. I ordered it extra spicy and man they meant it. My hubby however said that his blackened catfish was ""eh"". Still this is a good place to chill out with friends on a Friday night."  and have a sit on the front porch while you let your delicious dinner settle. Grab a photo with the giant queen gator in the front yard as a souvenir!" "Right off the one thing that I want to mention about the Cajun Queen when we ate there this past weekend was the Jazz band that was playing.....the band was great :)  We ordered the crawfish scampi for an appetizer.  It was tasty Oysters are also lightly fried and not greasy -Key Lime Pie was good but its more of a white cream mouse filling style than a yellow custard filling style. ( I prefer the custard style)." The Service is always good and friendly!" "One oft favorite joints in Charlotte. Between the jazz band  so rich and flavorful!  Also the bananas foster french toast for brunch is one of my boyfriends favorite dishes he has ever had!"  and DELICIOUS food!  I had the crayfish etoufee - rich and yummy.  Others had the chicken creole  it seemed to just melt it my mouth and what can i say about the fired green tomatoes( hold one second while i wipe the droll of of my mouth) lol .....The staff is great and the jazz band was awesome and played a over all large selection of music...so over all i would put them on my top ten" I'll definitely go back to Cajun Queen and next time I'd like to try some of their more traditional dishes - like their gumbo  the presentation of the barbecued pork chop was simply beautiful! It was certainly the best looking plate of the evening."  but the food was great.  I had mahi mahi with some crawfish sauce and vegetables over it.  Excellent!" It's a charming place however they had some live music which I personally found loud (and this moment right here is when I turned old).If you're looking for authentic New Orleans style food like I was  thank goodness they had habanero sauce to add some taste to this miserably bland dish. they did have dixie lager and dixIes blackened voodoo lager which is the only reason theyre not getting one star. the bartender was not pleasant either she obviously did not want to be there and it showed "The cajun here is fairly original...considering.  The atmosphere is unique in this old home as you can sit downstairs or up.  I've only been once The fish specials are usually pretty good but can be bland. Stick to the dishes they are known for Take the Cajun Queen steam boat Mississippi tour when you are in New Orleans!" The food was ok - and if we'd been seated earlier and able to actually hear the music I would give this place a 4 star review."  were at a party"". The music band plays upstairs and that is where we were seated. We had a short wait around 10 minutes and the manager seated us right in front of the band as if he read my mind. That is exactly where we wanted to sit. I'm not a fan of spicy food and the waiter recommended instead of blackened  but I'd rather deal with the parking than have them move to another location. The tiny old building  it took about 40 minutes to get seated. We had to wait at the bar. The price for the amount of food was a little much  only complaint was there werent enough tortelliini but it was made up by the overabundance of chicken.  My girlfriend ordered the chicken diane and it was amazing Came here for my wife's birthday one year - had great food and the live jazz is a great plus. "We waited an hour and a half on a Saturday night for a table.  Bar area super crowded with one bartender and the speaker system screaming out reservation last names every few minutes at deafening decibels. No place to sit--and tarot card reader girl took up a whole table in the bar. Mediocre wine by the glass and only four rubbery shrimp (although the sauce was great--but we had to ask for bread after they brought the dish )in the $9 BBQ shrimp appetizer.  Finally seated in the room with music (which we requested and they honored) and the music was very average and too loud. We asked for water with no ice and the waiter actually rolled his eyes at us.  5 minutes later the waitress came and asked what we wanted with her order pad out jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw I have been here many times over 20 years and will keep coming back as long as I'm around." If you like your appetizers before your drinks....this is your place. Table had empty salt and pepper shakers. The hot sauce bottles were empty and dirty. This is NOT authentic Cajun food! The Champagne was flat.....horrible experience. Waiter was aloof.  drink up in the bar and in a few hours it want really matter if the food is great or just okay." I'll definitely be back! Cajun Creole is definitely a different type of food than what I usually grab." jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw Best shrimp and grits ever!!"  and creole shrimp. Live jazz was the cherry on the sundae. Speaking of desserts  but the food was the star of the show. Fried green tomatoes The Cajun Queen provided us with a delicious dinner.  I knock a single star off only because the service If work sends me back out here again  love it here! Wonderful flavors in a cozy home like setting.  The etouffee was delish mix of shrimp  delicious food!  My favorite place to eat when I have the money.  Love the cajun popcorn and the dinner specials.  If they ever have the mahi-mahi as a special LOVE the Etouffee! The chicken with rice and beans is amazing. I can't wait to go back. I love the casual feel and the food is just down right good. The drinks are outstanding too!"  give yourself some extra time to dine This is one of our top 10 restaurants in the QC.  Worth a visit This has got to be the most overrated restaurant in Charlotte. I've been 3 times and I have never been impressed.  But this last time was horrible. This is the McDonald's of Cajun cuisine. Every dish we had was completely flavorless. Fortunately it was only half price because of the Groupon that I used. And even at half off it was overpriced relative the to the exceptionally low quality of the food. I'll never go back.  food was also good we would recommend this Restuarant as a place to go." jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw  we had a great time and everyone enjoyed their meal.  So  our table was ready soon after we arrived. Cajun Queen is in an old house in the Elizabeth community (my community) and has great ambiance. We started off with a crawfish appetizer (not the fried one) and it was delicious! I will definitely get tit again! The cucumber gin drink that was featured was also great. I got the BBQ shrimp as my main course and it was also very good. My date got the salmon special and it was great (Maybe a little better than mine Cajun Queen can great really crowded so be aware of that when you plan your evening. And  and forces people to park at other businesses or on the side of the street." "This place is awesome! I bought a groupon spend $20 get $40 so a few of us went to check it out.  They had a live jazz band upstairs which was great.  We shared fried green tomatoes  you are seriously insens.  (that's 'insane' in french.  i think.)" "The best BBQ shrimp I've EVER had. The sauce is good for dipping the bread. Definitely going back again. Shrimp and grits are okay "I do not know how this place and Boudreaux's has the same rate. Being a native New Orleanian I am spoiled by my roots. Cajun Queen is as close as it gets to the real deal. The only thing I just do not care for  big colorful house and its filled with lots of vibrant paintings--one of the rooms even has a fireplace which adds a lot of character.  The food is also very solid--lots of New Orleans specialties served by a very friendly staff. I had the blackened catfish which was very good and came with some nice steamed broccoli and yummy mashed potatoes. I also tried the fried oysters and the gumbo which were also both very tasty. Also I hope I have stirred your taste buds in trying something new and unique from Charlotte. Because mine was!"  and voodoo beer. Throw in some live music and it makes a fun summer night dinner! Been around forever... that should tell you something!" "Amazing Fried Green Tomatoes and Blackened Pork Tenderloin.  I will order both of these next time I go back.  Very cool atmosphere in a cozy old house.  Live bands play upstairs and it can be loud  the best pecan pie EVER!!!" The service may be a bit slow as they are always busy and the servers sometimes get a tad overwhelmed. But most aren't in a hurry while enjoying what the Queen has to offer so it's never seemed to be much of a problem for me." "Went to the Cajun Queen this weekend and I really enjoyed the Shrimp touffe it was just spicy enough and was a really big portion.  My wife does not like Cajun food and had the steak it was probably the worst steak I have ever had  but nothing exceptional.  There are times when the parking is kind of a hassle there; the private parking area is often full." I will not be going back.  Parking was hard to find and it was loud inside."  it was lemony and not as complex as the shrimp. The Blackened new York steak was nice but uneventful (3)  the Mahi-Mahi with Diane sauce on top of mashed potatoes (4)was very good. I tried the special of the day - Pan Seared Duck Breast ( medium) on top of garlic fried potatoes w Craw-fish Etouffe (4.5) really nice combination. It had the best flavors of Cajun Creole cuisine but it was not spicy or heavy. The only weak note was the Seafood Gumbo (2.5) it was just OK a bit bland Live Jazz never hurts (but if you sit downstairs you won't be able to see it and probably can't hear it too well either)."  a very pleasant experience. We will be going back for dinner to try the regular entrees."  and the oreo cookie cheesecake. Oh we also had the Peach Aloha and Hurricane to drink. Everything was great! We cleaned all of our plates and enjoyed the atmosphere. The set up was nice  it would be getting 5 stars but it's definitely good enough for me to make it a semi-regular stop when craving those flavors."  but we never found ourselves sitting around looking for our waiter. He was also kind enough to replace my cocktail when I wasn't pleased with my initial choice (I ordered a Cajun martini  you would think they'd take sustainability and safety seriously. http:  www.montereybayaquarium.org  cr SeafoodWatch web sfw_factsheet.aspx?gid=18"  but the prices are a little high.  I've had better quality for cheaper in New Orleans What a pleasant surprise!! The fried oysters are the best ever and so is the Diane! I had it with the crawfish and shrimp. Even the garden salad was good to be pretty simple! Definitely a great value! My family and I will be returning:)  was extremely knowledgable about the menu and the wine. I suggest what Beau suggested...the pork medallions with pineapple pico and plantains. Amazing!  We sat on the upstairs patio and had a perfect evening.  Can't wait to eat there when we visit Charlotte again!!"  there's a $5 charge for splitting an entree. I'll definitely be buying another coupon for Cajun Queen. The prices are a little beyond making it a regular spot (even with a coupon) but it's perfect for a memorable date night." Awesome Bbq shrimp appetizer! Shrimp and grits with sausage was ol so good! Coming from new Orleans this restaurant was great with a flavor of a nice jazz performance from the 7th street gator band!  but their prices are incredibly reasonable. It is located in a beautiful house and always filled with diners. Make a reservation Friday and Saturday evenings! I love their Diane and Etoufee. It is good with any of their meat choices r 80 i have had better" A little overpriced but the food is really great! And the restaurant has a fun New Orleans feel to it. Great date place!  which made it very difficult for conversation among all of us.  We've eaten our way through New Orleans a couple of times One of our favorite places to eat in charlotte.  They have the best food and services.  we decided to split four appetizers between us.  My favorite was the fried green tomatoes.  The remoulade sauce ""made"" this dish.  It was perfectly balanced and absolutely yummy!!!  If you haven't been a fan of Fried Green Tomatoes Overall highly recommended."  I tried this place for the first time because we had a coupon from Groupon and I have always wanted to try this place because I really didn't like Boudreaux's in NoDa. Our server made a catty joke about his tip percentage after we mentioned we had the coupon jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw Make sure you order the BBQ shrimp"  it was a great meal and great spot!" Went during the restaurant week and wasn't disappointed. I had the shrimp and grits with andouille sausage and a small bowl of gumbo.  The gumbo was a little hot (seasoning hot) but not too much.  The Shrimp & Grits were excellent as well.  The live jazz by the 3 senior citizens was excellent as well.  Overall everything was great and we'll go back again. "Had dinner here on the night of Feb 28th. The restaurant is in a converted old house. We tied a few of the appetizers. All very good. I had the Etouffee with all 3 options Service was solid as well.  Can be tough to converse if you dine in the room with the band...they are really good but  and then began furiously laughing. ""Oh  I would go back and recommend it to a friend!" "I do not understand the hype about this place. Everything is incredibly overpriced and the food is less than mediocre. I did enjoy the bbq shrimp app but the entrees were miserable. I got the shrimp Diane which I'm pretty sure was just shrimp Sat in the sunroom with only a few tables filled was a great atmosphere with a few friends. they have their own parking lot so its easy access. Theyre always on groupon too!"  but overall I usually go for the usual - bowl of seafood gumbo and a side of crawfish touffe which is more than enough to fill me up. Their fried oysters are divine; perfectly juicy with light crunchy breading. If you go in the evenings Went here for our anniversary. The atmosphere was nice. I ordered the chef's special cajun pasta and was pleased by the large portion. Making a reservation as the place was really crowded on a Thursday evening. I recommend eating here to people who enjoy creole food. Oh it seems that they run on reservations so I would recommend one!" We requested to sit upstairs thinking we would have a nice date with some soft jazz in the background. Oh man was I wrong. The music can't wait to go back!"  down home atmosphere. The service is excellent. The food is well prepared.  My only complaint is that while the food was prepared well What a wonderful experience. Had not been here for many years but it seems to get better with age. It is the best Cajun food I have ever and outside of New Orleans. We had the gumbo and touffe and Both were outstanding. Service was also top notch. "Eh. I came in with high hopes for Cajun Queen after being somewhat disappointed with other cajun places in Charlotte. It was ok  mine was crawfish and his was chicken and shrimp. We both loved it and the drinks as well. What attracted us was a deal on groupon but we will definitely be returning! The only negative I would say was the close proximity of the seating in the upstairs room--we were literally right next to another couple and heard their entire (and very awkward) conversation." The dress in my opinion varies.  We were in jeans and button downs while some others had sport coats on.  A really good vibe and I'd feel just as comfortable dressed either way.  You will not be disappointed if you spend a nice evening here for your next meal!" The food and service was excellent. it was hard to believe I was in Charlotte and not New Orleans. "My boyfriend and I ate at Cajun Queen last Friday night . We had 7:30 dinner reservations. We pulled up and they had a valet service - nice touch! Parking can be very difficult over there. We were seated immediately at a very nice table next to a window. I ordered the Diane and my boyfriend got the Etouffe. Both were very good! My only complaint was Good food usually very consistent....Great bbq shrimp. Seating can be tight.  came over and offered something else. We ordered the tilapia special and it was delicious. We also had the crawfish etoufee jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw  and live music was all great.  Drinks were beyond strong.  The seating is a little close  but manageable. Prices match well with portion sizes aka we did not feel cheated. We will definitely  come back for food&drinks only. We will then pickup some Mama R's bread pudding for dessert."  they give you a basket of bread but DO NOT immediately dive into it!! Order the barbecue shrimp for an appetizer which has all of this delicious sauce that you must then DIP the bread into. Do it This was our first visit to this restaurant. It boasts a Louisiana  style menu. However this dish ( cajun platter) lacked any type of cajun spices. You can't serve red beans and rice with no gravy  and consider that to be a  Louisiana style dish. My husband ordered the New York strip and had to put salt on it because there was no flavor. I certainly have had better and I would not visit again. Overrated!  the stuff that counts is pretty banging. Our entrees were delicious and the cocktails were done well. This is one of those places that we will definitely be bringing friends and family to when they visit from out of town."  and you may get towed if you park in an adjacent lot." What troubles me now and has troubled me from the first time I started going to the CQ : it seems like the kitchen believes everything must be really hot (spicy) since it's a Cajun restaurant. But some things just shouldn't be hot. Tonight I ordered the crawfish scampi appetizer. Scampi is generally shellfish flavored with garlic and herbs. Red pepper flakes are sometimes added but not as a predominant flavor. The CQ  added so much chili that it overpowered the crawfish. There is not a lot of difference between the scampi and etouffee which is supposed to be hot. If they would just not be so heavy-handed with the Cajun spices....."  however my 3 star rating is for their lack of vegetarian dishes. There wasn't anything on the menu (aside from ordering a plate full of sides and that get really old) so the waiter suggested the one item they had available for veggie friendly patrons. It was sufficient but not something I would normally order. Either way Cajun Queen is definitely a little taste of New Orleans in Charlotte The food is awesome. The fried clams were fresh and were the best 'Ive ever had.  Great neighborhood. Perfect for Sunday brunch Service is good. Gumbo was a bit watery and a pinch of salt wouldn't have hurt. Gumbo was fresh. The same tomatoe soupy water they use in the gumbo they also add to my shrimp and grits. Shrimp and andoui sausage  was good but grits its self were under seasoned i.e pinch of salt. I think the issue is I just don't think the dollars to dishes ratio is in tact here.  Things just seemed a bit too pricey for what you got.  I'd come back but not without that coupon." I would go again if I have another groupon deal."  especially the crawfish appetizer.  No way I wait that along again before getting back out there!"  I just hope they fix the alligator in the food of the building which seems to have fallen over." The fried pickles are AMAZING!! The Diamond watch out!! I had the blackened catfish with mashed potatoes and it was delicious. I was shocked that I had two pieces of fish as well which was even better. My friend had touffe and she enjoyed her meal as well. I will definitely be back here again for some more yummy spices!!" The alligator statue out front is broken  and crawfish and shrimp creole. They are very good My entree was stellar.  I had the crawfish etouffee which was nicely spicy and had a HUGE AMOUNT of crawfish.  I am often disappointed with the level of heat and this was just the way I like it." I had dinner here last night for the first time.  I ordered the Bayou Platter it was amazing.  I will definitely go back for the good and the jazz.  the bad service I experienced the one time I went here will not keep me from going here.  Love Cajun Queen!" Etoufe is still the best in charlotte." We were too stuffed for dessert but that bourbon bread pudding is calling my name for next time. And there will be a next time."  to say not a great experience.  So fortunate that I was able to get a group-on discount and not pay for a $70 experience that I didn't enjoy.  I wouldn't return or recommend this place." So delicious! Must try the touffe and bread pudding! The restaurant offers complimentary valet and the staff is quite friendly.  we shall request the rooftop each time.  Weather permitting."  loved it.  The shrimp and grits were awesome.  The gumbo was awesome.  The service was great.  The wine list was impressive.  I was totally won over My wife and I love the bar upstairs. The BBQ shrimp app is amazing. Save the sauce from it to and dip your bread in it. Bartenders are great and mingle well socially with customers. Makes it feel like home.  is great. He remembers my name and drink choices. That is very wonderful. I highly recommend either dining upstairs or taking out. Very fine." Overall: I would return here on a date or with friends who were ready to have some drinks."  but found the entrees pulled down our overall rating.  The spicy shrimp app and fried oysters app were awesome!!  The shrimp app was super spicy and full-of-flavor...save some bread to sop up the sauce!!  The oyster app was perfectly fried and came with a delicious dipping sauce.  We ordered the fried oyster entree (which was overcooked) and chicken And the fried green tomatoes are a great starter!"  a live jazz band was playing downstairs. Great spot for date night." Excellent crawfish ettouffe and service. An added plus was the jazz trio upstairs. We had the fixed price dinner for Restaurant Week. Perfect dinner. I want to love this place but the food is not executed well at this time." We will definitely visit again..."  and the absolute best fried oysters that I've ever had. If they only did Cajun as good a they do seafood  and Nawlins BBQ shrimp. They all were delicious! The BBQ shrimp was the all time best!  The sauce that they are made in is great for dipping the complimentary rolls into.  It's spicy but not too hot even though we typically enjoy hot and spicy food.  Entrees... Fried Catfish and red beans and rice were the only downfalls. The red beans and rice lacked seasoning. The catfish was not cooked crispy. It was extremely wet and flimsy. I returned it and it came out hot and crispy! Crawfish  shame on me since I lived 5 years in Charlotte and never went eating there. We had a great time and can recommend it to everyone!"  the service and the food. I've eaten at some real authentic places in New Orleans and Cajun Queen is right up there with some of them. This is the best Cajun restaurant in Charlotte. We ordered the BBQ shrimp Very quaint location and decor! Just me on a Monday night. Sat upstairs at the bar and had a very nice experience with live music and a very friendly bartender.  nice atmosphere. Free valet is a big plus in that neighborhood too.  I like the food at Boudreaux's a litlte better because I love their jambalaya I will not return. If you want real grits  but there seems to be an issue with the male waitstaff not being interactive with the table and not removing used plates and dishes as the evening progresses.  The girls at the door are very friendly and prompt in finding a table for your dining needs. I would recommend using Open Table to book a reservation at Cajun Queen.  The best way to attain a reso in Charlotte!!" I got the touffe and it was delicious. Generous amounts of meat and the flavor was great. It just sucked at the end of the meal when we realized it was Easter and our coupon couldn't be redeemed :( an excuse for us to go again  blackened pork tenderloin with fried plantains. 3 good sized medallions with an interesting bean chorizo sauce. The plaintains were battered with cornmeal and were very good. I also asked for a single filet of the salt and pepper catfish From the camaraderie and excellent service to the food and drinks...everything seemed to be perfect and I cannot wait to return!" Good New Orleans food but a little bit over priced.  I would definitely try it once. Make reservations and ask for upstairs seating near the live music...which they have playing each day of the week. The drinks were excellent and the fried fish made the trip worth it. Great atmosphere!  Located inside a Victorian house with outside upped deck.  Live music and tasty food!! I hadn't been here for dinner in years. Brunch in a few years as well. I don't know why I haven't been here more recently. Great service and the food was fantastic. I had the shrimp chicken Diane with a salad. I think what would have made the dish even better was a little char on the chicken shrimp. We sat on the outside patio and it was a perfect night for this weather wise. The servers were attentive and did a great job with the flow of our dinner. P.s. - I miss seeing queen gator. :*(" "My girlfriend and I tried this out on a whim based on reviews from Yelp and it was very tasty! I feel like the quality of food and the presentation jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw  highly recommend making a reservation you will be seated quickly and highly recommend using there complimentary valet parking you just have to tip the guys  for these reasons I typically visit Cajun Queen on weekday nights. The fried oysters are my favorite - and I typically don't do fried!"  and service. Had the fried green tomatoes (yum) followed by the Chicken tortellini and the sirloin.  Will be back again"  the Cajun shrimp and gumbo had a spicy kick to it but not overpowering.  We enjoyed the bread pudding for desert."  great portion size. Really delicious!  The service was great too. The dcor and atmosphere however Everyone in our party of 3 thoroughly enjoyed their meal. Sat on their outdoor patio which was very pleasant should the weather permit. Would definitely return.  maybe even tomorrow!  I love this place.  There.  I said it!"  the food was terrible. The fried green tomatoes lacked any kind of seasoning and the crawfish etouffee was bland and not at all spicy. The tollhouse cookie pie was also a travesty. How does one mess up a cookie pie?! At least the key lime pie was good  but our server Alex did a great job and was even accommodating to our most demanding guest and made her smile and happy. Restaurant week menu items were of a good cross section of picks as we tried most of them and we're quite pleased." Add to an amazing meal a live band and complimentary valet....this place is definitely worth a visit!"  the dining hall had a dark shrouded vibe going on. The beignets let me down a little bit but the shrimp & grits more than made up for it. The fried popcorn shrimp was also very well done but the highlight for me was the shrimp & grits." This place is great. It looks small on the outside but it's gigantic on the inside. Very quaint and reminiscent of an abode in the French quarter. I had the popcorn crawfish and the red beans and rice here. Both dishes were awesome. The pop corn crawfish was meaty and had a slight hint of spice to it not salty or anything. Let's not talk about the sweet tea. That was just marvelous. Not too sweet. It was just right. Word of warning - if you order a cocktail  and fantastic wine selections. Such a treat for date night!"  service is excellent. I took family from out of town to Cajun Queen and they absolutely loved it. Word of advice  which people seem to be raving about on yelp. It was okay. I found the favors to be very mild and uninteresting; there was no spicier or complexity to the meal. The live music was nice but makes me wonder if this place would be appropriate for a quiet This is hands down my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. I've tried almost everything and have never once been disappointed. Great staff and even better environment. Nothing beats Cajun Queen!! I am going to spare you anymore..but to tell you It will for sure be another 10 years before I go back...thank goodness the company was fantastic!!" "Do not waste your money! The gumbo tasted like the roux had burned and there was no salt whatsoever. I ordered the blackened chicken to be safe thinking ""no one can mess up blackened chicken"".....I was wrong. None of the food (including the blackened chicken) were seasoned with salt and pepper. This was the most bland Have been there a few times and they never disappoint!  The Jambalaya is second to none.  Perfectly spiced and portioned.  The New Orleans BBQ is also excellent.  Great atmosphere and service. Real cool how they turned an old house into CQ." Excellent food the price is comparable especially on the creole dishes. You have to make reservations if you want to get a good seat otherwise come before six o'clock. Great place for appetizers  but every time I go in I can't help but get the Crawfish Scampi to start off and the Chicken Diane as an entree. The flavors and seasoning are unbelievable and the atmosphere is great upstairs with a Jazz band playing every night."  today is my first time sampling the cuisine. I started with a very delicious key line Martini and the popcorn  crawfish both a sweet treat. The crawfish for sure should not be missed. Next course was a very fresh and impeccably spice cup of gumbo. For my main course I chose from the specials menu a piece of Mahi Mahi topped with shrimp taoso ham roasted red peppers and mushrooms served over garlic mashed potatoes.  The presentation was beautiful and the taste divine. All if the seafood was extremely fresh.   My husband chose this Resturant to celebrate our Anniversary and I am very pleased with his choice." "Food was tasty but the seating could be more comfortable to a point of wanting to hang out for a bit to listen to music and have some drinks. Wait staff are very nice a knowledgable about the menu. Highly recommend the ""Shrimp and Crawfish"" app to start and ""7th St. Stumbler"" as you drink. Do the complimentary valet parking sons not to have parking issues." Bottom line: I will not be going back." Great place to celebrate or just enjoy a great taste of new Orleans." "One of our favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  Food is excellent.  Sometimes it gets a bit loud inside when dining (reason for 4 stars not 5)  this is a fantastic place for brunch.  Get there early   but I guess popular restaurants try to squeeze everyone in best they can:-)" "I take everyone that comes to visit me to Cajun Queen!  From the great food (my favorite is the bbq shrimp and bread to dip into the sauce) For dessert we ordered the Tollhouse Cookie Pie.  I had never had anything quite like it before.  It was really good; however  Great food. The waiter Alex is the best at what he does. Truly had a great time!!!" "Food is always good and very consistent.  Coming here for years. Heres a few pics of our dinner: Chicken Diane Very enjoyable dining experience.  The service was friendly and timing was good.  Food was very good quality and taste.  Serving quantities was adequate.  Nice menu selections and drink offerings.  Highly recommend dining here.  it's a different feel. The food was very good and plenty. Staff was very friendly and informative. Very close to where we live and we will definitely be back." wonderful food and wonderful music every night  we had Diane with Chicken and Fresh Fish (blackened Tilapia). Both the chicken as well as fish we cooked well. The topping on the fresh fish were great. The diane chicken had a variety of vegetables on it along with rice. You can also have shrimp and chicken together in it. The food was warm. The third and final course is a dessert of your choice. We chose to have the Key Lime Pie. I cant remember much but I don't think a Key Lime Pie can go wrong at all. The server was definitely very polite and nice to us. She was checking on us at regular intervals and the food was served in a timely manner. During restaurant week Food is always great and service is good! Best brunch in Charlotte. My son loves the beignets and they sell out quick... jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw  enjoying the bar area first.  We popped outside with our drinks and ran into members of the house band. Had a wonderful time talking to the musicians.  The food was delicious "I take everyone that comes to visit me to Cajun Queen!  From the great food (my favorite is the bbq shrimp and bread to dip into the sauce) jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw  it was so loud we could hardly listen to our server. Dirty plates were sitting in our table for a long time. Super disappointed"  even the hostess was great she found us seats upstairs near the live music and the food was everything I expected and more. It makes you feel like New Orleans in Charlotte...we're already planning our next dinner here "The owner could care less about customers. He is the rudest man. The food is so so. Nothing Cajun about it. They did not use our Groupon correctly. That was fine with us We love the Queen and once again we were not disappointed. Outstanding all the way around. One of the best ambiance restaurants I have ever been in. Highly recommend the crawfish scampi appetizer and blackened or fried catfish. Their complimentary valet parking is the icing on the cake. Great place! FYI:  There's sometimes groupons that make it a cheap place to eat! Keep a look out!" "This was my favorite restaurant in Charlotte 20 years ago.  Many new restaurants have come to town since then...and this is still my favorite.  The food is authentic "Came with a friend and the house is really cute. It's a plus that they also have valet parking when you pull up. Inside is nice. Atmosphere is warm and cozy. We sat by the fireplace. I ordered the etouffee with chicken  but was I was informed that option is not available until 4 pm because it's a dinner option. Wth? Why is it on the menu? We were seated in the back which was full. And also full of spider webs and uncleanliness. Don't waste your time. Go to a better Cajun restaurant "Let me just say the only reason I am giving this place 2 stars is because my boyfriend liked it. We went here as our second restaurant for restaurant week. The wine (cabernet) was decent enough. For the appetizer we ordered the gumbo and the caesar salad. I can't rate the gumbo because I'm not a fan of what's in it. I was told it was good though. The salad was just a salad nothing great. For the main course we ordered the chicken etouffee and the cajun chicken pasta. The chicken in the etouffe was the same texture and taste as you'd get from takeout chinese food which my boyfriend said that's why he liked it. The sauce was okay but it didn't save the dish. The cajun chicken pasta was ehhh. It was eatable but again I'd never go back for it. Dessert consisted of bread pudding and key lime pie. The boyfriend liked his bread pudding but I wasn't a fan and my key lime pie was good but I would swear it was Sarah Lee!! I feel no need to ever come back to Cajun Queen "I have been to Cajun Queen Twice and have enjoyed my meal both times. The portions are enough for two to share. I ordered the fried catfish last night and got two big pieces of fish which was way more than I expected. It was well seasoned with a lightly fried coating which didn't flake. My husband order a dish (Diane something) which consisted of crawfish Good cajun restaurant in Charlotte.  The fried oysters are out of this world!  so dark that I had to use the flashlight on my phone to see the menu. The band was a disappointment. Pretty dull much older gentleman playing. The fried green tomatoes were delicious. The fried catfish and the red beans and rice were bland and lacked seasoning. My husband had the blackened catfish which was very good. Service was excellent. Overall it was just an ok experience. We probably wouldn't go back" This place is pretty good. It's more of an upscale cajun joint. If you are looking for fancy cajun - this is your place. I prefer a good dive (there was one down the street from this place - Bayou Kitchen - it deserves honorable mention - it was a better example of real cajun food). The food is good - the location - also nice. I took one star away because it's not as good as the place that was just down the street. "I only hear great reviews for this restaurant. So I knew it was time to go when I saw there was a Groupon. They offer free valet which makes it a lot easier since I had no clue where to park and they will tow your car if you  park else where. The manager immediately opens the door for us as we approach and we got seated right away. We did make reservations in advance though. I was shocked to see a live band playing on a Wednesday night but apparently they are there 7 days a week! I enjoyed the live music and fireplace that adds on the ambiance. Our server was okay Great atmosphere in and old converted home. The food is great too!  just to let you know this is fine dining so be prepare to pay a little" We'd go again for drinks."  but the prices are a little high in my opinion.  They have a Groupon & Living Social pretty much all the time Crawfish is always good. They open at 11am on Sunday for brunch. Price Avg $10-13. The only thing I don't like about Cajun Queen is their tables are too close to each other but they always have a full house that explain why they need so many tables. I hope they will move to a bigger place in the future.  I was looking forward to their catfish.  When the waiter stated that they ran out 10 minutes before we got there Seated promptly at 5:30 right by the fireplace.  Staff friendly and helpful. Ordered fried green tomatoes. Good and the sauce on top tasty still like the ones from Tupelo Honey better. Next time will definitely try the bbq shrimp. I ordered the shrimp creole and salad my husband had the Cajun pasta and cup of gumbo.  Everything was great especially the Cajun pasta.  Next time I would skip the salad if ordering an appetizer because portions are very generous and the shrimp creole was full of shrimp. Only negative is parking. Which is pretty much non existent so make your reservations early.  manager came without requesting and comp our meal. Will definately return!" "We eat at the Cajun Queen regularly...there are always Groupons!  My dad is from Louisiana so he knows his cajun creole food "We had a great experience at this restaurant. Its a unique atmosphere being in a old house. The place was packed the night we went. You definitely need a reservation here on the weekend. We arrived a few minutes early  must have had something or someone else on his mind as he barely had us on his mind. Next time we will ask for Samantha Got the crawfish ettuofe.  It was the best Cajun food I have ever had. Absolutely fantastic. Spicy and extremely flavorful. A must go for any traveler.  went over where the seafood was from and took all the time in the world as he probably assumed they had more money than we did. Needless to say he got the tip that he earned for the service he gave us. I would absolutely go back for the food Food was amazing. I had the Dianne and it was everything I imagined it would be. We had a seat next to the fireplace which set the mood perfect! "Absolutely delicious. The fried green tomato app was my favorite! The salad starter wasn't anything special   etc..We didn't order adult beverages so I can't comment on the bar..We decided to go with the large order of the fried oysters and the barbecue shrimp and a bowl of of seafood gumbo... not  bad but nothing special...would not order in the future...But the fried oysters  & the broccoli was just a giant tree on the plate.   The side house salad we ordered for an additional $4 was awful.   There were romaine core in the salad and one slice of cucumber.  The leaves were so huge that it looked like it was just thrown on the plate without thought.  The waiter was loud and annoying and our drinks ran out several times.   Having to ask someone to refill drinks.....the ""complimentary"" valet was not something I want forced on us either but we had no choice.  When it was time to retrieve our car Will be back during a future CLT trip."  Cajun Queen was one of the first restaurants I visited.  The food was amazing!!!  When family and friends came to town I took them there. They all raved about the food.  The past three times have been very disappointing!  I went there yesterday for dinner. The service was good the food not so much.  I ordered the Etouffe with all three my sister ordered the Diane with chicken and shrimp.  We both were unhappy with our food and the basket of biscuits that were rock hard. I don't know if there is new management or they're cutting back on seasonings to cut cost.  Either way I will not go back. Sad Evening was great!!!! Food was delicious!! Live music!!! Atmosphere for great conversations!!! And a shout out to the bartender Harrison who took such great care of us!!!! Great service and food! The shrimp creole was really good. We really wanted beignets but those are only served on Sunday. Love this place. I always order the blackened catfish with the shrimp topping in sauce. Stupendous!!! The Oreo cheesecake is mouth watering goodness!! I especially like sitting upstairs near the band after 6 pm!! My 4 year old needs entertainment at restaurants and he loves it!!  it was our first visit there and did not feel welcomed at all. We ended up no eating there. I don't care how good your food is if staff is unfriendly I  am not going in there. We drove back to our go to place Razzoo."  not great but consistent. 3 of us had the fish special with crawfish topping and all liked but I gotta say my salmon was perfectly cooked - great job top chief. Our problem tonight was our server. He was just not that in to it. Sighs when asked to explain a dish great tasty......food ........fast service... Other dishes included salt and pepper catfish and bbq pork chop. Dessert included bread pudding and keylime pie.  Overall The food was good. The service sucks!!! The staff is unfriendly and rude. I had a reservation for a big party and we were treated like unwanted guest. If the staff was on point including the valet parkers who were also rude then I would give it a 4 but honestly we will not be returning back!!!  and I will seriously visit this place everytime i'm in Charlotte" "We came in for brunch one weekend and the banana foster French toast was seriously to die for! Though the interior and decor left me expecting a bit more "Wow... where do I  start  everything was great from the time we walked the door ! Me and my husband are newlyweds and we were on our honeymoon in Charlotte  and I  must tell you the manager treated us to a glass of champagne and he seated at a nice table  I refused it. So after 15 minutes under the heat lamp..you get the picture. .the etouffe was bland anyway. Trying cajun yard dog next. . If that's a bust  I'll pass on that from now on. The popcorn Crawfish is soooo good! So tender! They just melt in your mouth. I wasn't a fan of the shrimp scampi. While it was delicious!! It was pretty much shrimp served in a soup of oil and butter. Was wayyy too much! And the seafood Gumbo is really good. It has a small kick of heat and you'll get a couple shrimp in it if you're lucky. My favorite meals are the All 3 Diane and the Special where you pick your fish and either Shrimp or Crawfish topping. Just about everything is served over rice but I prefer Mashed Potatoes. And the hands down best dessert there is the Bourbon Pecan Pie!!! OMG!!!!!! Just think 21 Jump Street in my mouth!! So delicious! We thought the bread pudding was pretty bland though. Not much going on flavor wise  the bad. One man in our group is obsessed with steak and got the ribeye. The cut of meat was GIANT but it was pretty flavorless. It was cooked correctly but not what any of us would call worth $30. It came with a side of very dry  we will definitely be back for dinner some time." "I just LOVE this place.  Best experience is sitting upstairs at the bar.  Order the NOLA BBQ Shrimp; Crawfish Etouffe; fish specials (seems like these never change The flavors are so rich and the portions are awesome. Service was a little slow given there wasn't a big size. But the food made up for that. I would recommend this restaurant to everyone who enjoys fine dining. Also the ambiance makes it a great spot for a date night or anniversary. Throughly enjoyed my first experience. Can't wait to return. "Best Cajun that I have had outside New Orleans.  Service was fabulous  go and eat upstairs when the band is playing. It really sets the tone and transports your whole evening." Enjoyed the creole with chicken. Great spices snd flavors used in dish. Waiter was very knowledgeable and helped with picking the right entree especially it being first time eating Cajun food.  Ended our meal with the toll house cookie pie...YUM!  parsley and our Queen's magic spices - all sauted together. Moderately spiced and served over rice) and some Bignets for dessert (on the brunch menu). We loved the food we ordered so much- and one plate was definitely enough to share. The service was friendly and fast. If we are ever in the Charlotte area  food... all exceeded expectations. The complimentary valet also add a nice touch. Making reservations on an early Friday evening should allow you to capture the experience at its best. ciao!" The food was very good. The service was fast and our server was very friendly. I really liked the live jazz band that was playing upstairs it helped with the authentic New Orleans feel. The complimentary valet was a nice touch. We will definitely come back to the Cajun Queen in the near future.  shrimp and crawfish. Great atmosphere. Made reservations and were good to go as soon as we arrived PS:  Tried booking through Open Table that stated no openings.  When I called direct  but sadly I think we have now given up. The food earns a 4 star recomendation and it is worth experiencing The only thing I get here is the pork tenderloin which I LOVE every time. Very consistent! Prices are expensive and service is not very friendly.  Environment is charming! Love the old house.  and its was perfect. All the protines were cooked perfectly. The spice and flavour was outstanding."  our server was perfect and the food was amazing! I promise we will visit Cajun Queen for date night every time we visit Charlotte! :)" The meal wasn't bad but acceptable at best!"  but they definitely have some things to improve upon if they want to reach 5 5."  and great service. I was in Charlotte and visited Cajun Queen for dinner. There was a small wait so our party headed up to the bar and decided to eat in the bar area. While the bar was busy the bartender was very attentive and delivered great service for both our food and bar orders. This being our first visit the bartender gave some recommendations that were fantastic. The bbq shrimp and fried green tomatoes appetizers were top notch. I had the Duck special that was wonderful and full of great flavor. The bourbon bread pudding was another great choice to finish out the meal. If you are looking for great cajun food in Charlotte this is the place."  that was ok. What I loved was the atmosphere it reminded me of a spot in Brooklyn. The food was excellent I had the shrimp and grits My wife and I always have a wonderful time at the Queen.  This time we took a friend of mine from Indy out for dinner and as usual the meal and sevice shined. We will go back because all the other reviews indicate that we had an unusual visit. I will update my review when I return." We enjoyed our first visit."  red beans and rice and fried green tomatoes didn't have enough seasoning. Everything else was great." The bartenders and waitresses were very friendly and resourceful although the hostess needs to check her attitude. either way "I've been to this restaurant many times! The food and service are great! I love the shrimp Diane! Previously parking was a nightmare  it looks like a house that was converted into a restaraunt which was awesome!  It definitely has a new orleans feel. We ordered drinks & appetizers. The  waiter also gave us a side of red beans and rice. I had a hurricane and fried green tomatoes. For my entre "Love NOLA? Then you'll love Cajun Queen. The atmosphere is beautifully inspired bu the best New Orleans has to offer. The food is AMAZING  they would play a few songs and then take a break so we could have conversations if we wanted. We had some Portuguese guys with us and someone asked them to play some Portuguese songs which apparently they did. You could tell the guy on the keyboards knew what he was doing and seemed to enter another world when he started playing. Overall it was a fun night with good food and everyone there seemed to enjoy themselves." Very bad service. Spoiled the entire evening. I will definitely not visit this place ever again.  but I my  first experience left me nothing but negative thoughts on this place :-(" "This place is awful!  Was with friends for a Birthday and it was 19 degrees outside that night.  The reservation was for 13 and 5 of us got there first.  The hostess said we could go upstairs to the bar. So we did. There was no one there and the chairs were already on top of the tables as if they were closing.  We went back downstairs and asked to be seated. There was only one table in the entire restaurant that had 2 people at it.  The hostess told us we would not be seated until our entire party was there. The birthday boy called the other people that we were waiting on and at the last minute they canceled. We told the hostess the reservation would now be for 5 and not 13. She rolled her eyes and looked at us and in a sarcastic demeaning tone said ""so you're telling me now that instead of 13 there were only be 5?""  And we said yes. At that point I was ready to leave. But we stayed. The food was horrible and they included the tip without asking. I will never go back to this restaurant no matter what "We visited Cajun Queen for the first time tonight. They offer complimentary valet parking. The restaurant is in a beautiful old home & is decorated with scenes of NOLA. We enjoyed the seafood gumbo as an appetizer. The crawfish etouffee & the shrimp Diane were both excellent. We had good service & feel the prices were fair. My husband's family is from NOLA - he's given Cajun Queen his stamp of approval for authentic cuisine. One piece of advice Good luck to you if you decide to book a reservation based on the positive reviews  our experience was great! The nightly jazz band was a pleasant surprise."  this place has made my trip worthwhile every time.  You can usually find a ""Groupon"" online before heading out which will make your visit a little lighter on the wallet -  or in my case allow for a few more drinks from their New Orleans style drink selections. That's just my two cents! i hope this review helps and I encourage you to give this big two story house with the large green gator out front a try if Cajun cooking sounds good to you."  smack the chef and kudos to the desserts." Sorry got to run............."  as it only said just Fat Tuesday and Valentine's Day. I didn't even bother going on. I was so annoyed about the lack of communication on the actual LivingSocial form I just requested a refund." This was a treat.  Loved their food and service.  The bbq shrimp was memorable.  Everyone loved our experience here. "I really love the Cajun food here. Shrimp etoufee excellent. It's even better when there is live jazz too. It's an old house Went on the last day of Restaurant Week. I had been here once before but that was 21 years ago. Wow! They've been around a long time. I didn't realize how small this place is. All of the tables are quite close together. Didn't like that. Felt like I couldn't have a private conversation. Our server was good. But he seemed a bit rushed to me. The biggest complaint I had is that my food was not hot. I ordered the Cajun pasta dish and it came out lukewarm AND it wasn't very flavorful. My husband enjoyed his shrimp and grits.  I have a $25 groupon I want to use (couldn't use during RW) so I'll be giving this place another try. Oh! Love the valet parking!  atmosphere was on point. We did sit in the same room as the band (which we requested) so it was a little loud to be having conversation but we enjoyed the music very much. Definitely recommend and will be back!" I am not a big Cajun Food connoisseur but I know what a good touffe tastes like after a few visits to New Orleans and having eaten it at other places.  We wanted to try this place as the reviews were really good. The service was just good -  the live Jazz music OK and the food was disappointing to say the least. 3 stars for the ambiance. Service was good. No complaints and everything came out as expected."  and crawfish and it was EVERYTHING! My boyfriend ordered the blackened chicken...his food was really good also. The service was great and our waiter made great recommendations for appetizers and drinks. We will definetly be back." BBQ shrimp app was amazing!  Our first time and requested upstairs to hear the jazz band. Great experience and food was true to the cajun experience.  renovated into a restaurant makes the experience very unique.  The food is fabulous.  I ordered the special salmon with crawfish topping and it seriously is one of the best seafood dishes I have ever had.   The rolls are hot and fresh  then get the mahi mahi topped with the shrimp and Tasso cream option and that comes with gumbo! Or you can't go wrong with the etoufee all the way with chicken shrimp and crawfish. They have jazz every evening up stairs and the deck upstairs is perfect for a date night!"  but do not compare to restaurants in New Orleans.  Prompt service and nice atmosphere."  the staff was very accommodating and friendly. Couldn't have asked for a better experience!"  if you go and try to park near the restaurant......BEWARE OF THE VALETS!! One ran up on me yesterday and told me that I can't park where I was parking. I asked him why and he told me its for valet service. VALETS CANNOT STOP PEOPLE FROM PARKING ON PUBLIC STREETS !!!!!!! Or block public parking spots!!!!!" "Charming restaurant that literally makes you feel at home. Great ambiance. Feels like you're having dinner at a friends house. The seating was cozy and intimate. The food is delicious and flavorful. I ordered the blackened catfish and it was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. My date had the shrimp diane Sat upstairs with a live jazz band and had a wonderful time. Must order the BBQ shrimp (tip: dip your bread in the sauce!) and Diane style entree. Enjoy! Parking sucks. Food is high for no reason. Downstairs tables are too close. Not a fan. I was impressed with the quality of food and pricing. We will be back!"  atmosphere and service. This time the food just didn't cut it. My 3 way etoufee had the heat but lacked flavor as did my New Orleans BBQ shrimp appetizer which looked considerably small for the large portion I ordered. My cajun martini was a bad choice as it was not chilled enough and too hot to enjoy. I'll chalk that up as my fault for trying something different. I think I'll wait awhile before returning here." This was my second visit. I love the atmosphere and the waiting staff is very friendly. I ordered crawfish etouffee and it was delicious. The only change that I think they should make is to have corn bread or garlic bread instead of the rolls. The food was awesome! The Shrimp and grits was superb and the fried green tomatoes were awesome. It's so hard to find such good southern food in Boston and to come down to Charlotte to visit this beautiful city is well worth it.  but I must come here every time. The crawfish is as good as any in New Orleans. The staff is great. I wouldn't change a thing." Recommend weekdays or reservations especially if you want a table on the outside patio" Definitely worth a repeat visit One of my favorite restaurants! Food is always good and service is always great! Fun atmosphere! "This is one of our favorite spots.  HIGHLY recommend the fish specials and the crawfish scampi.  My husband has also enjoyed the blackened ribeye and the pork.  Note We enjoyed a very nice dinner upstairs in the jazz room. The musicians are great and really add to the neighborhood ambiance of the space. The food was delicious and our server was so thoughtful and attentive. "I took my mom and grandmother for a Mother's Day brunch. The food is excellent and service was fast (especially for a holiday). Our server wasn't very engaging "The Cajun Queen is probably one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Their crawfish etoufee is amazing  drinks were amazing and the food was delicious. The 7th Street Gator Band was really cool & they brought that Nawlins flare. Thanks again to staff Aaron for being attentive and welcoming. I will return soon." "Best brunch I've had in Charlotte so far. I got shrimp and grits and my boyfriend got the French toast. Best shrimp and grits I've ever had and he literally said ""if I'm on death row  but the fried crawfish was actually pretty tasty. Other than that my main dish was not seasoned well and they should be ashamed of themselves for using baby shrimp in $18.00 dishes. Even the rolls sucked; very dry and tasteless. Maybe I just happened to catch Cajun Queen on a bad day Great atmosphere so I have it three stars. From someone who has been to New Orleans multiple times I can say confidently that the food here is bland has no flavor. They lack the spices and seasonings that true authentic Cajun food has. I ordered the shrimp etoufee and my fianc ordered the pan seared duck breast. Both looked decent but essentially lacked flavor and the comfort you get from eating good ol New Orleans Cajun food. Decent desserts too. Had the warm bourbon pecan pie (tasty but not much bourbon in it)." PS: When a woman asks for lemons more than 3 x you're in trouble (haha)." It was Fathers Day but the place was empty. I'm worried! Hope it was just a slow night for them. I don't know why it's not packed every night. They solved the parking issue with Valet parking so you have no excuses."  but the omelette was very good and the Elvis Presley French toast was appropriately over-the-top rich. The service was friendly and attentive "We always love this place it is always spot on and the cajun creole tastes are true to the origin. Shrimp app is incredible  my husband got the same dish as last time (crawfish & shrimp touffe) & called it one of his ""favorite dishes ever"" & I tried something new (shrimp creole) & loved it just as much as the dish I got the first time (shrimp Diane). The walls are adorned with great photos of NOLA  but because the people (particularly the manger) seems as if he is too good to be cordial and friendly to those paying to eat at the restaurant. Lose the arrogance and be personable or hire someone else to do that job and you sit back and watch the money come in. The food is great. Leadership in these places however are what make your business. Sit down. Read my review. Then change how you handle your customers. I honestly believe a new face for the restaurant is necessary to get you to the next level. The service has drastically declined and I suspect it will not get better until this changes." Awesome food and just as amazing wait staff. Highly recommend the Diane with Shrimp. Also dont forget to look at the daily specials. I had a Groupon for todays visit but have gone before on others recommendations. Will be going back for sure.  and bread pudding for dessert. Everything was perfectly cooked and seasoned. Totally delicious!"  but bring a few bucks tip."  willing to give you the rundown or show you around in one of the three boardable planes. Even our guide who couldn't have been a day over 16 knew more about those planes than I think I know about most things. I think the spot would be grand for any amateur plane lover Great atmosphere having the museum in a hanger. Friendly staff who will answer questions. Cool variety of planes.  but you learn about the story behind the aircraft. The tour guides are very helpful at answering any question you may have and are very friendly and knowledgeable. The gift shop sells models of aircrafts as well military novelty items. Overall  which is unfortunate with how much it costs!"  but our little ones also enjoyed being able to climb into the cockpit of a Vietnam-era fighter jet and other cool planes. You can go through the whole place in about 90 minutes The staff is very friendly and open to answering all your questions."  you can just log on to your student account and show it to them to get the student discount." "The Carolina's Aviation Museum is located adjacent to the Charlotte Douglas International Airport. It is a rather small museum consisting of a variety of Military and Commercial Aircraft's housed in a single hanger. The centerpiece of the Museum is the US Airway Airbus A320 which was force to crash land in the Hudson River after striking a flock of birds which disabled both engines. Everyone on-board US Airways Flight 1549 survived what has been described as ""The Miracle on the Hudson.""   While at the ""Flight 1549"" display be sure to watch the documentary presentation Another really cool feature is that they have preserved personal items from the passengers and flight crew which is a really nice touch. If you're into history  but if you have never been and are in the area it is certainly worth stopping in to check it out."  maybe 20 planes or so.  the largest attraction is US Airways Flight 1549 (miracle on the hudson) ... the actual plane is here.  lots of neat footage coverage detail." We spent about 2 hours and really enjoyed ourselves. This is not an all day outing but it's well worth the time." So yea... worth visiting? Maybe if you are in the area and have time and $12 to spare. Otherwise I will be bringing future Charlotte guests of ours to this place for a long time to come." I really enjoyed my time here and the kids I brought song enjoyed it too! There are some planes that you can get inside of and volunteers to explain it all to you. The volunteers were so helpful! We were able to watch a plan take off from the airport. So cool! I really wish they had a restaurant for lunch. But other than that I really enjoyed the museum.  you get to see planes taking off and landing every minute. It's actually really neat. There's also a museum shop which is kind of overpriced but overall I would recommend this experience to anyone." I really enjoyed my time here and the kids I brought song enjoyed it too! There are some planes that you can get inside of and volunteers to explain it all to you. The volunteers were so helpful! We were able to watch a plan take off from the airport. So cool! I really wish they had a restaurant for lunch. But other than that I really enjoyed the museum.  it's only open during limited hours. However a staff member told me these are both being addressed and will be improved in the future. Additionally they have plans to open a second hangar focusing on helicopters. Overall Restroom facilities were immaculate Overall it was cool and I believe that the admission it's fairly priced. But I just expected more considering that North Carolina is known for aviation." I'd recommend checking it out. The Miracle on the Hudson is interesting to see."  the mystery of why there's a plane here in Delta livery is finally explained. I thought it was the longest possible repair or charter in history. Turns out that this was one of the last DC-9's in Delta's fleet and rather than send it to the boneyard in Arizona  and well lit.  All the planes have interesting histories.  Well worth a visit  the staff was very friendly." The only disappointment I have to mention is that you could not get closer to the planes that were outside. (That said if it is inclement weather outside don't avoid the museum - you're not missing anything if you can't go outside). I also think the museum could diversify a bit more and offer information in the form of an audio guide. There is one 30 minute video on the US flight  especially if they think planes are awesome.  5 and under are free. Children's admission is $8 and adults are $12. I think $12 for adults is a bit steep for the amount of exhibits but with the Groupon adults were $8 each. It's also a good excuse to come to Charlotte so you can eat (hehe - Le's Sandwiches is only a 15 minute drive from here)." "Awesome museum and I had no idea it was right here in Charlotte! The center of the museum is the landing on the Hudson which was amazing to see! I couldn't believe that the whole plane was there along with a lot of the wreckage and some paraphernalia from passengers and whatnot. It truly is amazing what the pilots did that day! They had a documentary running in the museum also that told all about what happen that day and it was crazy to see! Along with that there are many other planes throughout the museum  it takes you to the main airport terminal. It's easier to just call the museum - they give great directions!" I don't know what there is to say about this place other than they have the Miracle on the Hudson plane. That in and of itself makes for a memorable and indescribable museum experience. I've only been to a few aviation museums but this experience was by far a fantastical one. They have many more plane to see and experience as well. Hoping to go back sometime soon!  i just wish it was air conditioned. The heat became a little too much towards the end"  and it can take hours before you are able to participate.  Each game is about fifteen minutes long and the setup is fairly large This location has moved to 10403 Park Rd Charlotte NC 28210. Once again the staff was very nice and polite."  and coats and the staff put our food that we brought in the fridge for us. The goodie bags for the kids were full of fun stuff the kids loved.  We ordered pizza and soda and although there was a mixup with the soda (it wasn't delivered) the staff promptly provided a substitute. Everything moved right along. I knocked off 1 star because we had some kids in our party who struggled with getting their packs on in the dimly lit room and it may have been helpful to have an additional staff there to help instead if just 1 who kept telling the kids they were old enough to know how to do it themselves. That definitely turned some of the parents off. Otherwise it was was a great experience and the birthday girl had a blast!" Took my nephews out here with my mother. All four of us had a great time. It's great exercise and fun for the kids. After you play they give you a print out of your scores. They also do for birthday parties too. The staff also play sometimes too. "My son had his birthday party there and the staff was AMAZING!!  The adults had a great time playing laser tag and they all wanted to come back again.  I loved the atmosphere and I definitely would come back again and again.  Even my 8 year old was able to enjoy!  So if you are looking for a place where the family can play together and also get out their frustrations by shooting each other (smile) My brother was in town from military service with his wife and we just want to have fun. So we out went out as a family. All five of us played laser tag and the escape room. The price wasn't bad at all and we had so much fun. I won the laser tag game I had to show my younger brothers and husband I play no games hahaha We won the escape room too. They have another room that's harder we might do it soon. "Had a charity golf event here recently. Solid 3 stars! A nice open course that wasn't too long or too difficult. Par 3's were not that long and there are 1-2 par 4's reachable on a good drive. For a private course  Cedarwood seems like a solid place to check out!"  the facility was beautiful  and staff was friendly. The food was pretty good.   The layout was perfect for an event like this -  there was plenty of room for lots of large dinner tables as well as a dance floor.  They kept the beverage stations open and well stocked.  The bride and groom were very pleased and the guests had a great time." Casual dinner with members tonight and food was great! Service was inexperienced.  Always love the location and people!  south Charlotte location and value can be matched. The course is very easy to walk and play and not get worn out. The staff takes care to continuously improve the course and watch the conditions. The grill room has really solid food choices including a southwest chicken salad "This place is awesome.  No other putt-putt in the area.  They serve booze  especially the underground section. Lots of places to unintentionally chuck your ball into the great ball graveyard. Holes are tightly packed  I didn't see if they had the space invaders but they may have.  And their hours are kind and allow for diverse levels of enjoyment- come in the morning afternoon with the kids  but the $5 person fee is a little steep considering that the course is pretty simple and straightforward.  There aren't any windmills or clown's mouth-style holes which are often kind of the staple of the mini-golf world.  Some holes were fairly challenging but it seemed that too many either sloped away from or towards the hole.  As a result  contains some challenging holes and half of it is in a ""mine"" with black lights AWESOME. The only complaint I have is that a lot of the wholes seem to be in drains  and were happy that some of the holes were indoors and some outdoors (hooray for the cool ""mine"" after playing in the 90 degrees!).  The course is well maintained Definitely worth a stop. I think they could do a bit more to make this a destination mini golf course (if that kind of thing exists)." Took my kids last summer (2015). What a gem. Awesome staff and the putt-putt was awesome (as was the arcade and grub)!  don't be scared - there's a pretty nice beer selection as well.  For only 4 refrigerators they fit a lot of options inside." My favorite aspect though has to be the almost monthly wine dinners that the shop puts on in conjunction with some of the best restaurants in the Charlotte area. They are always extremely reasonable in price "Surprising find by some good friends. This wine bar had a great patio to hang out and drink wine. They also had a pretty great selection. The selection was more randomly broad  outdoor patio(where you can bring you dog).  All of this right by the lake.  These guys also schedule tastings and pairings at some local restaurants.  Ranging from (25-80)ish per person It's worth a drive from anywhere in the Charlotte area to see what the UCB has been keeping to itself. This place is equally impressive for the intimate conversation of a first date  take your dog and enjoy an adult beverage next to the lake." "Great place for a pre-dinner or post-dinner glass of wine.  Nice relaxing patio right by the lake.  Wine and beer. A few snacks I'll definitely give it another chance sometime. Hopefully they'll work on their snacks and cheeses! It wouldn't be too hard!" I have to admit that this place doesn't come to mind too much during the winter; but every summer the Wine Vault manages to stay on my ever-changing list of places that I want to be."  but even without a kitchen they need to put together some kind of nosh plates and simple edibles to go with their wine and beer selection.  Duh." Great wine list price not to bad either... Come during the evening enjoy a nice brezze off the pond while you sit outside and people watch... **Something I'd like to see wine vault do:  set up easy recycling" DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE... DRINK then DRIVE.. (SOBER)" "I've been going here for years (college and after) ! i love the atmosphere and the location.  Most of the staff I've encounter are overall friendly expect for the manager-a RACIST! I think here name is Lisa (unless they have more than 1 manager) Other than that...great place for conversations We'll be regulars after moving to Charlotte!"  food options and the selection is over priced. I've experienced rude workers from time to time. If there staff was a little bit more kind and their prices weren't so high  I bought some crackers and cheese from inside. After about 30 minutes they asked us to leave the tables and sit elsewhere because ALL of their tables were reserved for people drinking. They were very rude about it. This will not drive me away from coming here The staff is friendly and seem to know their stuff. I am a little disappointed in the by-the-glass menu. I visited in May and again in September and nothing had changed. Pretty disappointing in that regard."  went here earlier in the summer and tried it again a few weeks ago . They have a wide selection of wines and the employees are happy to assist in helping you chose a wine. There isn't a ton of seating that's the only drawback at least inside there isn't but other than that a nice chill spot to hang out." "Hands down the best way to improve mental health:  a glass of wine at the Wine Vault.  They are always pouring something tasty by the glass so you don't have to be ready to commit to a bottle.  Sometimes it can get pretty crowded on the patio especially at the end of the week in summer  and patio in Charlotte!!!" A nice and friendly place to sit outside and drink. Always a good time. Excellent set up for any weather situation. They tend to have live music on Fridays and Saturdays. The Wine Vault sells local beers an wine ice cold available for purchase by the glass and bottle. Very knowledgeable staff and chill atmosphere. Dog and kid friendly as well.  fellowship and live music. I don't venture too far away from my living area due to the great ambience and experience of the Wine Vault. Having great & late night food options a few steps away is a added benefit as well." Tip: wed 7pm tastings.." Love this place! Huge beer and wine selection and well priced. Location is great by a cute pond and live music is regularly there during warmer weather. My favorite thing here by far is that they are dog friendly inside and out Great selection of beers and wines.  Fridays and Saturdays with live music.  Wonderful atmosphere! The inside (especially the furniture and bathrooms) could use an update upgrade. But maybe the little bit of ""grunge"" is part of the appeal for some!" I love finding places that will be added to your rotation of favorite spots. Tucked away in a shopping center near UNCC is the Wine Vault. Sit outside and people watch or brig your pup (there were some inside when I visited) and split a bottle of wine (responsibly of course) with some friends. The glasses we sampled were $7-8 and were a proper pour. If you are in the University area this is the best spot to grab a glass or two of wine  in a non-chain hotel bar.  fantastic prices. You can easily get 3 great craft beers for less than $10. Go on the weekends  I almost didn't want to talk! Bring your laptop and a book to read over a glass of wine and you will have a great afternoon." "Great place and awesome ambience. My mom and I loved the wine. Only reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the female employee was rude to my family after we bought a bottle of wine. Let's be clear... If you work at a place "Stopped into The Wine Vault this past weekend for a ""Pictures w Santa"" pet-charity event and had a really good time.  The ambiance was cool and the wine shop was just precious! With lots of fine wines and a dining area + patio set up  as I do not live close at all. But it is worth coming down here in the spring and summer. Great wine selection. You will find any wine here. You can purchase a wine per glass that they have on the menu or you can pick a bottle Nice place with outdoor and indoor seating. Glasses of wine are priced well. But someone needs to talk to the wine tasting bartender. We go wine tasting frequently and their pour barely allows you to taste each offering. $5 for a few drops and you don't even get to keep the glass. It's the perfect place to wait and enjoy some R&R if you're picking someone up from the airport and really it's just a fantastic little place all together." They also have a drive-thru option if you're in a hurry." "I purchased the Yelp deal and wasn't able to use it; none of the staff even knew about it. It wasn't a huge deal at the time (though it really would have been nice to use!) "Awful. The sweat panted ( hey put a little effort in to it ) crabby ( if you you think your job sucks find a different one ) ' barista' ( being able to work an espresso machine is not that much more difficult than a mr coffee) at least gave me some fodder for crappy service reviews. Lazy The staff sucks beyond rude. Shouldn't be in business. Don't know how to make drinks. Don't waste your time or money going to this place. The nut job lady in the morning needs to be on meds. It is a coffee shop. also sells yogurt. WiFi did not work. If you need your fix it is better than nothing  Even though they are literally 10 steps from my apartment. Food is ok. Nothing super impressive. The ice cream is ok as well. Hard to want to go there when there are other options with better quality. I have never had issues with the staff. They do seem welcoming at the drive thru. Now  you won't regret it. The barista offered to make an off menu smoothie based on the two I was contemplating and for a second I responded like a deer in headlights. We are all familiar with hearing 'No Substitutions  not walkable. Not prime coffee shop territory. It can't be easy to keep a coffee shop in business up here Ive been here before and the food and drink is ok. Its above average for the area and about what youd expect for a small cafe. The problem i have over and over is the service. The people arent unfriendly just not attentive. Three times ive been in and every time they are under staffed. These poor employees have to run a register and a drive through window at the same time. I cant tell you how many people ive seen just walk out because theyre being ignored for the drive through. They need to work on customer service and scheduling.  and in my opinion she could have open the door and said "" hi I will be right with you."" I say this because I was starting to think the place was closed.   It's ok I guess.  The employee was nice I just think they need help or a staff meeting on how to run the drive thru." I go here regularly and the staff always treat me very kindly. The coffee is very good - they use JBC.  I go here because most of the time I don't have to wait too long at all. I like their baked items as well. They regularly rotate their art and I like checking it out when I come in. It's also generally a quiet place to sit down and get some work done.  paying little attention. It can be a bit dry when one is not on an organized trip with a guide to point out the interesting parts which keep them entertained. There was such a group in the next room "This tiny museum is so cute and has a ton of artifacts!  Its free so thays a bonus and in walking distance from Union South. The dinosaurs  the UW Geology Museum includes great informational pieces to enhance your understanding of  particular displays.  I'm a rock hound and really enjoyed the multi-faceted collection that they've assembled from around the globe.  I particularly enjoyed the Wisconsin rocks and minerals display.  Be sure to check out the huge Earth rotating outside the museums doors.  Very cool place."  music and experimental visual art and sculpture all meant a welcomed stimulatory experience among the decidedly non-urban setting of the university." Favorite place on campus to see a performance! This place is decorated very nicely inside and they have great acoustics inside the auditorium. "Krannert Art Museum is lucky to have a Director that actually believes art should stimulate and provoke thought...and that's exactly what she does with the exhibitions I've seen there so far. This would be the local equivalent to the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco ... cool social events and openings for a cross-generational and cross-cultural crowd. What I love most about KAM is that I've had some great conversations standing around the lobby of a show and there's no snotty art culture where people blather on about ""high art"" and how it's so much better than anything and everyone. They don't play those games here  including some odd and creepy installments.  The space is gorgeous  guy?  The fact one of our party was a 60 year old librarian (who really looks like a librarian!) didn't tip you off that we weren't there to rob the place or splash mud on the older works?" Check it out next time you are in C-U.  It is a great way to recharge your batteries and let the power of art soothe your soul." I think it might be emanating from Laredo Taft's 'the blind' but I can't be sure; could be the Peruvian artifacts in the basement." The highlight of the visit was coming out the main doors to find metal working students exhibiting (and selling) their jewelry. They were wonderful to talk to  it is certainly worth a look if you have the time and inclination."  check out what used to be the movie theater inside. Houdini performed there back in the day!" "I took my children here while visiting my sister in Champaign.  I was expecting something along the lines of the Normal Children's Museum.  Wrong.  It was nothing like it.  The place was dark and dingy.  It needed a thorough cleaning.  I was afraid to let my children play with the toys there.  We could barely fill up 45 minutes here.  Most of it was spent playing with Thomas the Train...which they have at home.  The water interactive display had no water in it.  The sand exhibit was missing some sand.  The boat display was poorly built and dangerous for small children to climb up and down on.  It wasn't worth the time and effort for us to make the hour drive to just go to the museum We complained and were reluctantly given our money back.  This was a joke- do not take your kids here."  few play stations and fewer that actually worked. There was absolutely nothing to commend itself about this place.  What toys they had were either broken or of little entertainment value.  There were microscopes that didn't work or had nothing to look at through them.  There were computer screens around the place that showed nothing of interest or nothing at all.  There was a ship's wheelhouse with all sorts of switches and buttons and a giant TV screen but nothing worked.  I felt completely ripped off and was intent upon asking for my money back but felt that would be futile and only lead to a confrontation.  The Website makes it look interesting and the promos lead one to believe that they hold events of interest.  Don't be fooled.  This is not a place to take children unless you want to give them a lesson in failed enterprises i've gone to places that r free and are cleaner than this one!  So if you have children with any type of repiratory conditions I would definetly stay away!" "We had such a great morning at this children's museum! It's such a gorgeous space  and the architecture of this space is stunning! Our visit lasted about 2 hours and I recommend this as a family destination!" A joke. Not sure if it's a joke on us - or the kids. I've taken my kids here several times - mostly because it is one of the few things in town for them to do. I wouldn't recommend it. Dirty - everything is dirty and dusty. Broken - all the toys/exhibits(seriously - it's a BIG stretch to call them that) are almost always broken. And if your lucky - the dino exhibit outside will be open. I've been there 3 times - and have NEVER seen it open (all times were in the summer too). Plus - $7 to get in??? Seriously?? Save your money & take your kids to the pool - they'll enjoy it way more and you'll actually get your money's worth.... "We came as a family outing over the holidays. It's a great local place for a town this size but held surprisingly a lot. My three kids 9 Overall: The Orpheum Children's Science Museum is a good way to spend a few hours with the kids.  Children will benefit from the many science lessons found throughout the museum - and they'll have lots of fun doing it!  Admission is only $5 per person (as of January 2015 * * for awesome outdoor seating" Misses the 5th star for lack of indoor seating and no real food selection for a place you would imagine would have a great full kitchen." UPDATE: Forgot to mention this place deserves 1/2 more star because they replaced overrated PBR with HIGH LIFE for their ultra-cheap draft beer!  Yum!" * The beer tastes watered-down and the food is ridiculously bland and over-priced."  the decent beers and the average but very cheap food... I HATED that as a gay couple we felt really weird with all the drunk 30-40 somethings disapproving and some strange looks from staff... however things seem to have changed in that regard and we haven't had any adverse experiences in the last 6 months. Yeay." Cowboy Monkey tries a bit too hard.  And on Friday nights is absolutely infested with frat bros.  WTF.  That said The outdoor seating is nice as long as there's no one puffing around you." $2 PBR bottles all night long.  Attentive and nice barkeeps.  Mix of 40somethings and college kids.  Decent sound.  Class organization all around." "Decent music spot and great in nice weather to sit outside and have a beer.  But do not go there hungry  but if you have never been to a really cool place then I guess Cowboy Monkey will do. I saw a lot of older people and not many young people  I ordered the gazpacho. It was bad. It was really just pico de gallo with more cucumbers. Not a soup but more of a raw salsa with large chunks."  Cowboy Monkey does not serve their tasty Tex-Mex fare during winter or early spring. They open just in time for EbertFest at the end of April. If you like Americanized Mexican food  to sum it up I got punched in the face by an enthusiastic dancer and got WAY overcharged.  So "Definitely a solid place to go for some Mexican style pub food and a brew during the summer. This place is nice and intimate for venues as well  and wrote NO TIP on the tip line. Later my cleared bank statement says the jerk gave himself a $5 tip! That is not ok!" if you are looking for a dj who cranks out the frat favorites of 2007 and does it loud and proud... you will love this bar.  if you are looking for a chill place to hang out with your friends and have a couple decent beers Great patio. Odd bathroom set up. A nice little cocktail menu for a slightly more upscale dancy bar.  Would go again...mostly for convenience.  :)  if you are not a fan of sweet drinks do not get the flavored margaritas  it is totally out of place in the downtown area.  And let's not talk about food  we got a gift certificate to the bar and bought rounds of shots. Cannot think of a better way to spend a sunday." Love the salsa dancing here! This is a great place to sit outside and enjoy a cocktail and the weather."  don't sweat it; just walk to one of the many other good bars in downtown Champaign. We started going to the Tuesday-night trivia at Jupiter's at the Crossing Great during the spring/summer/early fall because of outdoor seating!  Also during this time the food is great!  Trivia is fun on Sunday's with Dave.  I don't frequent during the winter because the inside is pretty dark and decently small.  I hope they expand their inside into where Carrie's used to be and do food year round! rQo3lrePdOiNtEs3t8zfQA "Cowboy... I came here literally every Wednesday night for latin dance nights even when I had a final exam the next day or was tired. Thank you for being free entry. I understand that you had to stop serving us dancers free water after so long It's perfect rock n roll club!"  Let me start by saying the whole ""bar scene"" isn't really my thing. But we went here for a friend's birthday and I was thoroughly impressed. The staff was welcoming The best part of our visit was the jazz band outside and the service which was excellent!  They have a huge drink menu.  My margarita tasted like orange juice...no hint of a margarita:(. The nachos were just average mostly goopy.  I will go back for the music but will only order a glass of wine as they need to work on shortening their list and doing something inside the kitchen/bar outstanding:)  but something fishy happened at their cash register. I closed my tab which was only for one drink + a decent tip and the next day when I looked at my transaction I saw that they had charged me $25.  Not an honest business. Will not be returning."  going with 3 stars. If based on patio and beverages alone...well Food is always consistent and tastes well. Beware things can be a bit spicy. The waitresses on the other hand are not good. They tend to have a difficult time bringing drinks in a timely matter and are just not that smart when it comes to their job.   On a positive note their manager is very friendly and the bus boy takes pride in keeping the place clean!  Patio atmosphere is nice but music tends to be a bit too loud. "Outdoor seating is awesome!! Great location. Food is yummy. Can be spicy. My friends love the bean dip. Servers can be on the slow side. However The service was good that night because the waitress kept coming back to fill our waters and ask us how we were doing. Cowboy Monkey is very good about accommodating larger groups; they pull small tables together to make a large one."  and the trivia (once it got going) made for a fun night."  sat down and waited 25 minutes with no one acknowledging our presence. We left and went somewhere that appreciates our business."  I figured I would try their food and wish I had not. The guacamole was a crime to avocados everywhere First time there.... Very small place. Bartender was SUPER RUDE. Not kidding. The whole place smelled bad and all in all I just don't want to go back there. "Nice atmosphere with the patio seating. We aren't from the area and wanted to try a local beer. Waitress could not tell us anything about the beers on tap. Menu listed regular beers on tap that weren't. The waitress knew the names of the beers they had There is so much beautiful and famous artwork. Such a beautiful collection of Katsina/Kachina dolls. I loved making cornhusk dolls as a girl. I still have them to this day. It's a great place for kids and adults. I have such great childhood memories here. I haven't gone in years but checking out the website Been here 4 times in the past 6 months.  I love bringing out-of-towners here.  Excellent art and history exhibits specifically related to Native Americans from the southwestern United States.  Reasonably priced entrance fee.  Go on the tour - they will tell you really interesting things about each of the exhibits you otherwise wouldn't know - makes the visit much more enjoyable.  A must see for visitors to Phoenix!  which may be the only time I'll ever use the world ""beautiful"" to describe any building in Phoenix. It resembles images I've seen of Roman villas and its courtyard is very mellow  it packs a punch with razor sharp exhibitions and a physical plant that is both cutting edge and serene.  Well worth a stop for road-trippers driving between austin and los angeles  which I think speaks highly of the layout.  I definitely recommend the museum if you have an afternoon you are looking to fill and/or just want to learn more about Native Americans." To my yelpers: Please realize that each tribe has it's own ways and unique culture. Open your heart and mind and take in the colorful culture I grew up in!"  the gift shop:  Authentic stuff at hon estly reasonable prices -- that does not necessarily mean cheap:  It means *reasonable* for the authentic quality." Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz..." The gift shop too is a nice stop before we continue on our day." What an excellent excellent museum.  You leave much more informed and with a necessary touch of white guilt."  I really enjoyed my visit to the museum and learned a lot about the local Native American cultures. This is also a must visit when people visit you in Phoenix. What I especially love about this museum is that it presents the Native American cultures as living  but decided to go because the girlfriend wanted to. I'm an acrylic painter and all the art on display was beautiful and varied. The building itself was gorgeous. The only problem I had was the security guards. We were constantly followed by a heavyset black man and stared at regardless of where we went. I believe in no way did we look suspicious I felt a chill and many conflicting feelings at the exhibit. It portrayed as well as I can imagine the emotional realities of being a thoroughly conquered people."  you have to go to both the Heard and the PAM plus the Taliesin West (I always spell that wrong) building by Frank Lloyd Wright. It isn't all pools  and I would definitely recommend visiting if you're ever in Phoenix." "What a great place! I truly enjoyed just hanging out and looking at all the stuff. Cadie had a blast playing in the canoe and I geeked out taking pictures. A great place to spend the afternoon. Might I suggest hitting the light rail and checking out more stuff along the path. It's a great way to get out and about for not a lot of cash. If you don't already "I love going to the Heard especially for their Native + You event every 3rd Friday. The Heard honors the traditions of the past with exhibits such as 'Home' but still allows contemporary Native American artists display their works. It seems their mission is to educate the world of the Native peoples' history as well as their future.  You can not help but appreciate the Native culture That last part I found out because I was there 45 minutes early.  It opens at 11am on Sundays.  Ah well I had so much fun at NU last night! There was an live auction where you could bid on pieces created by the Crafty Chica (Kathy Murillo). Participation was free and you got a vial of Crafty Chica glitter and a glitterific auction paddle just for registering! My favorite part of the night was watching a lady outbid herself (3x) to win the Glitter Bull Dog..lol. Best of all proceeds went to benefit Valle del Sol. NU is by far my favorite event at the Heard!  I meant modern ""art""? A bunch of colors randomly thrown on a canvas is not art.  A bunch of cans or piece of metal welded together to symbolize anger or oppression  but I wouldn't say I was overwhelmed.  The exhibits were fairly interesting & informative and the building was very attractive  history of Native Americans. I love it. I was recently there to see the Indian Market and seen the Boarding School exhibit and Kachina exhibit. I love seeing all the Kachina dolls. When ever I am in town I know I will always go there to check out the new exhibits." I really enjoy this museum.  I have been several times since moving to the valley and always have a good time.  There are usually special exhibits as well as the permanent collection. Native American culture is so rich and the traditions so deep but they focus about 5 percent on this and 95 percent on being displaced and anger at reservation life and .. hold on.  dont bash.  i understand that they were wronged.  i am Japanese American and I KNOW what it is like to get land taken away and hearing stories about being a tax paying citizen and get taken to jail.  but ... i just wish the focus was on the beauty of the traditions and cultures.  i really wanted to take away more from it.  maybe i went in with expectations to high?  i live in hawaii so i see alot of ancient cultures and traditions and thought this place would be similiar.  and for 12 bucks a person to go there... at least parking was free! and there seems to be interactive things for kids too!" The regular exhibitions were also very informative - learned a lot about Indian people and their culture while here. Truly amazing and also very heartbreaking (the boarding school exhibit)." Now you've heard...and the word is Heard." So now that I've spread the good word on the Heard  full of energy and my 3 year old and I danced for almost an hour. My margaritas certainly didn't hurt! I had a great time and I am really looking forward to September's event  in fact got married there in 1999.  It is one of the most extensive collections of Native American artifacts and history that I know of.  Goregeous galleries.  My one suggestion would be to offer maps of the museum But if you are not much of a fan about old old art and culture...you may not enjoy it." If you are interested in Native American history and culture you need to visit.     I have been to the National Museum of Native Americans in Washington DC.      The Heard runs a close second in their exhibits.    You should put the Heard on your places to see when in Phoenix. We were lucky enough to see an Apache dance group and participated in the dance.  That was fun!"  stop in for a bit to eat after exploring the museum.  Don't forget to pop your head into the gift shops  so it may be tough to keep small children interested if they are not into art. There was a room with some interactive things but it was a relatively small portion of the museum. Overall it is a very cool place to visit and i would recommend it." Recently I visited this phenomenal Native American Indian museum for the second time in my life on a cold and rainy afternoon.  I think many others had the same idea because the place was crawling with visitors on a Monday.  There is so much to see and learn about that an afternoon permits only a taste of things.  I think I could easily spend a few days in a row here. Don't miss the Kachina display or the very sad and moving installation about the native American schools where young people were taken to be ""civilized""." Highly recommended if you are in the PHX area." "The BF and I went last weekend for the first time after hearing great things about it (and after buying a 2 for 1 Groupon a while back).  We were not disappointed.  My only regret is that we couldn't stay longer because there is so much to see.  I really enjoyed ""The Boarding School Experience"".  Very interesting...but very sad.  Can't wait to go back!" I highly recommend going to this museum at least once Excellent museum to explore native American culture. Very tastefully done and not so large that it can't be explored in an afternoon.   A bit pricey at $15 per adult Such a jewel here in Phoenix.    The Heard Museum has one of  the best Native American presentations.     It is well thought out and exhibits continue to change to wet your appetite for another visit.    It is a must visit whenever you are in Phoenix.   I highly recommend that you visit the Heard Museum.  the next time I am in town."  it's not my favorite museum in the city.  But everyone who lives here should visit at least once.  I think it would be a great place to take out of town guests as well."  and coffee shop too. Definitely a must to see if interested in Native American cultures They have museum store as well where a lot of the stuff made by Native Americans can be sold here. Although most items are pretty expensive."  you can easily spend two or three hours just taking in everything that is offered.  There is a wide range of items on display from dolls to paintings to glass work to clothing and jewelry.  Another cool thing is that this museum allows you to photograph anything that you want."  and just about anything else.  Went here with my Australian friend because he was interested in it.  A lot of the material will be familiar for anyone who's grown up with it as part of history class "This was a good experience for me.  I'm not a big museum guy but it was enjoyable.  I will say that it gets to be overload after a while.  I mean how many cradleboards can one look at and still feel the need to see more.  Beautiful blanket exhibits and the kachinas were interesting.  My only gripe was the poor coffee shop they had for a refreshment break. Seriously the worst coffee I've had in quite some time.  That aside Authentic Hopi piki bread sold here in the city of Phoenix... A must try for the adventurous foodie. As for Native Arts & Culture it is the next best place to be for art during the Heard Indian Art Market SG_gEmEXL4ID6RAEinC5Bg They have a nice shaded courtyard with a cafe and two shops"  this is a great place to visit and learn about the different tribes." The $15 dollar admission isn't too bad.  Free parking was an unexpected treat.  There are also discounts for seniors  and a vast collection of Hopi kachinas. One of the contemporary exhibits is a glass sculpture that is created to mimic a traditional Southwestern fence made of ocotillo branches. The museum grounds are beautiful and rather extensive. In the courtyard SG_gEmEXL4ID6RAEinC5Bg "Beautiful collection of Native American artifacts. New exhibit on Indian schools is heartbreaking. Gorgeous collection of Hopi pottery and katsina dolls. Very up to date on new tribal names If you have a military ID you should come here because it is free for you +1 guest. This museum was a lot bigger than I expected. I actually didn't finish looking at all the exhibits before they close so next time I need to go earlier. There was lots of information about native america here from what they used to their jewelry. There was also a free tour which I took advantage of and you might as well because it gives great insight into their life and culture. I believe the girl who gave the tour was a cherokee indian who was attending college nearby. There were also interactive exhibits for little kids so if you had little kids this would work well for them. "The Heard Museum has a unique menagerie of ancestral and contemporary Native American and Southwestern items in an approachable and interactive atmosphere. Most of my visits have been one of the seemingly innumerable museum sponsored events hosted for local artists or Southwestern festivals. I definitely recommend checking out the market festivals as they always draw interesting and unique local artists and products. As with any museum Beautiful place and beautiful grounds. The contemporary art pieces are not quite art museum worthy.  However the katina doll collection was awesome.  They have Barry Goldwater's personal collection of Katina dolls on display !    I highly suggest using the guided tours some costs are unavoidable  but I probably won't be back.  An attraction like this is usually a one-time thing for me."  when we got a chance to read the Fair booklet given museum visitors We don't have anything quite like this where I am from but Detroit has a museum or two of it's own that hold a bit of clout if I say so myself. :)"  the museum shop is just not affordable - was disappointed to see I couldn't get any souvenir." I love me some education! ;)" I definitely recommend stopping by at least once to visit. I can see myself coming back again."  there are people that are able to answer your questions. Their knowledge is vast about Native Americans. I would definitely revisit this place over and over again." I highly recommend going to the Heard Museum to get your culture fix."  paper thin bag that I have to carry on my back. There are numerous other women with purses significantly larger than my bag all around me. Nonetheless  as they've currently got an exhibit on American Indian Boarding Schools.  Not sure if I'm a huge fan of the whole Indian Art thing "Fantastic museum. The Indian exhibits are expansive and usually heart wrenching. It is worth going on one of the free guided tours (they run frequently). My guide was very knowledgeable and provided much insight to all exhibits If you're visiting the Phoenix area from a location that doesn't have something like the Heard and you want to go home with some knowledge of Native American and Southwest art I highly recommend a visit to Heard." There is also a small collection of other tribal artifacts from elsewhere in the world. These don't make sense- they should loan to other museums and expand their interactive exhibits." "If you want to learn about Native American art and history  tons of great art and history here if you're into this subject matter. I would probably choose some other attraction if I had the choice." First Native American museum I have been to. It was interesting to learn more about the Native Americans' history as I have only seen sections dedicated to their culture at NYC museums. "Pro:  Absolutely beautiful collection.  A great mix of ancient through modern items.  I especially enjoyed the kachina dolls.  Con:  it cost my family $84 admission (my husband paid before I noticed the price and could say ""NO!!!"").  $15 for a ten year old?  Exorbitant!" SG_gEmEXL4ID6RAEinC5Bg Good for only one visit.  Very overpriced  but kept the kids entertained.  The museum is pretty large and has a lot to look at.  It's a beautiful museum.  I just felt it was a bit overpriced." Had a lot of fun at the LEGO exhibit. I will definitely return. My favorite museum in the city. The biggest collection of Kachinas I have ever seen! Don't forget to hit the bookstore as well! Great reads! I'm curious who goes there to buy $40  what a great place to learn about Native Culture."  I didn't want the long line so went into the building to find a water fountain and then left If you can get a free admission at Phoenix Public Library The admission is $18 for adults and we spent a couple of hours wandering around reading and enjoying. I would definitely bring any visitors here and wouldn't be bothered that I have already seen it." Jam packed with artifacts and contemporary pieces representing every tribe from the southwest snd a smattering of other regions. Tables inside and out - it was too hot to sit outside but it was also too cold to sit inside and I wish I had a sweater - apart from the air con the staff were kind and the food excellent - it is more expensive than some of the other options locally but it is a great place to have a break from the fascinating Heard Museum. The crispy chicken tacos were fresh and delicious and I enjoyed the special lemonade. Popular with local business people. "One of the most well done museums I've ever attended. I had a chance to talk with some of the staff This was a very interesting museum. There is a lot to look at and learn. The people were very gracious and knowledgeable. I felt like I came out refreshed and my boyfriend learned some more as well. It's important to me that he understands my culture and the culture of all native nations." A great place to see the art and culture of the Native Americans.  The gift shop also has a great selection of jewelry and art for purchase. Great for info on the indigenous culture of the area  daily living and spirituality of the Native Americans whose lives were portrayed in this beautiful museum. Consider spending three or four hours in this informative and relaxing environment." We had a number of guests traveling to Phoenix for the first time for our wedding so I was thrilled to have a beautiful cultural landmark to show off my hometown. Its central location off the Metro Lightrail connected to all things hip and happening in the valley was also a huge bonus." "The free admission on Sundays during the summer time is one great way to spend the day.  Be sure to look up the schedule of performances and include it in your visit to the museum.  We saw a beautiful display of hoop dancing and other traditional dances accompanied with a brief narrative explaining the meaning/purpose.  This is a very family friendly museum all the while providing the opportunity to learn about the history of amazing people from not only Arizona but of the United States.  Also  I would highly recommend going to The Heard Museum for a different perspective on American history." It was a dinner using Fida's recipes. The food was good and some of it was interesting as well. It didn't begin at 5:30 like we were informed. We had assigned seats. There was Mariachis playing. The margaritas were too strong to enjoy. There was a booth to get your photo taken but no where to be seen. No one really instructed us on where to go or what the evening was going to be. So you ate and that was it. I was expecting more Admission for adults is $18 and free for Native Americans."  was very knowledgeable and patient with the many questions and interruptions from a few children in our group. They have a huge gift shop with authentic Native goods. We ate from a White Eyes fry bread food truck parked in the lot and it was fantastic. The Heard is definitely worth the price of admission and is one of the best museums I have visited."  in addition to poignantly highlighting many of the transgressions against Native Americans by European settlers. The boarding school exhibit was truly moving "I am so happy we went to the Heard museum. This was an excellent experience for both my husband and I. We truly appreciated the museums architectural style and their focus and dedication on the preservation and detailed representation indigenous/native lifestyle and customs.  There was quite a bit of information within this museum that we thought it was useful to go to split our time. We spent three hours and then came back in the afternoon and spent another hour or so.  There are cultural items such as clothing "Excellent collection of Native American art and culture. This is a definite not miss. Whether you are familiar or have no history "I thought the price was steep but within 15min Of entering I was SO pleased. It was so beautiful and the collections were amazing. I loved the videos too...I cried watching ""Home"" - a must if in town!"  she was awesome and it was very informative! Definitely recommend visiting this place." "I happened to walk in 5 min before a tour so i didn't have to wait long. Highly recommend to take a tour! It is very informative Wonderful opportunity to explore Arizona history and culture with air condition. Fabulous gift shop and cafe. Beautiful art and achingly sad stories of past treatment of native people.  etc.  The glass jars that held the medicine in the pharmacy were all uniquely designed by her and hand blown by a friend.  She even put inside the jars the actual scientific herb or remedy and had her pharmacist friend instruct her as to how much to put into each jar and what scientific name to use.  This is a very intriguing and extraordinary exhibit.  It is $3 for adults and they will validate your parking in a near-by lot."  my grandma said ""I'm bored."" So we gave up and went to Pizzeria Bianco for lunch. It was a good day out."  varied display...probably best for little girls (mine ""oooh""ed and ""aahhhh""ed the whole time) and doll collectors. Very nice staff  this is a delightful place to visit! My cousin took me here as an early birthday surprise and it was pure amazement! The admission was $5 and you walked around each room This place is pretty cool otherwise -- massively huge desserts (I nearly went into sugar shock eating their brownie with ice cream -- the brownie was bigger than my hand) and staff made up just like Alice Cooper." "I just had to go here to check out a place owned by Alice Cooper.  I ended up getting a meal that was good and gulped it down with a nice beer. A bit dark but hey  staff has always been friendly.  Food is good too (which doesn't always happen at a ""theme"" restaurant such as this)" "This is a cool rock 'n' roll bar but the food isn't anything spectacular so I don't recommend stopping in for dinner. But Coopers'town is the perfect place to chill before a concert or game with a group of friends. There's a large patio and the staff is cool. And it is one of the cooler bars in downtown Phoenix. On the weekends Tech Note: Alice Cooperstown's website looked very familiar in style. A quick keystroke to Hard Rock Cafe's website showed me why." If you want a fun place to go for happy hour  I have bumped up my star rating to 4 stars. I have tried a few more things on the menu and I highly recommend the crispy chicken wrap...it is delicious! The atmosphere at Coopers Town before a game is awesome and is a great spot to hit before a game. Plus how can you go wrong with $3 Bud The place is kinda nice inside but I'm SOOO not into the Themed Restaurants.  They were cool for a week but that week has long passed." i think the food is pretty good and a nice place for lunch since they are pretty quick and have alot tables to sit at.  they have great happy hour specials... and the best part is that all the servers have that really freaky eye makeup...  so I was happy. It's a diner with flair. How can I get the big-gunned black-t-shirted waiter dudes wearing make-up to call me ""sugar""? Hmmm... help me out here."  so we came back and ate more.  Little disappointed that more game-goers didn't party at the bars after - kind of weird.  Since they are a block from the park.  Ah well  and you can purchase overpriced Alice Cooper t-shirts and other stuff the whole year around." "Let's start with this; my waiter was a 30 year old guy with eyeliner caked on. Okay... that's it Cooperstown does have an outdoor stage and can be a nice place to catch local bands." Same goes for the service--it's always fast."  and I agree with another reviewer that the make-up is a bit cheesy (especially since they only do the bottom half!) but it adds to the atmosphere.  The locals say you can even catch a glimpse of Alice here when he's not on tour." I'll go back when downtown or maybe take an out of towner."  it's done in an alice cooper theme. there is a large variety of collectable rock and roll memorabilia on the walls signed by a variety of artists. there are gigantic tvs for any sports fans. these tv are seriously huge. the menu is fun and is fairly extensive. the food has always been really good. they have burgers The service was very quick and efficient.  I see no reason to go anywhere else before a D-Backs game."  save the guitars and album covers neatly arranged on the wall and the service dolled up like Cooper in his heyday. But really Thanks to Jim B. for the recommendation to come here.  It gave me conversation fodder :)" The goofy staff ""uniforms"" didn't bother me at all.  My waitress even charmed the kids -- despite having trademark ""Cooper"" eyeliner This is a place I hope stays open forever.  Good prices too.  Really good for the area and what you would expect." "Nice sports bar atmosphere right around the corner from the Phoenix Sun's Stadium.  Decent prices for food near the sports arenas and plenty of screens for the avid sports fan to get their fix while downing some beers with the boys (and gals that enjoy sports).  My eyes kind of hurt looking at the font of their menu themed restaurants are for the lamez of the world. they do have some bangin hot chicks working here. but nothing to get myself worked up about. next it will be McFarland's and it will become a lame comic themed bar. or worse. why do our local celebs blow?"  just steps away) and to drink (or sober up) after them. It has a family friendly environment that will make anyone in the family happy to attend." TGI Friday's. Chili's. Applebee's. Cooper's Town. These restaurants/sports bars seem to come out of the same factory. I was really hoping Cooper's Town would be different food-wise. But the menu looked terribly typical of what you'd find in any ol' diner. I had the vegetarian quesadilla out of hunger and everything else looked terribly deep-fried. It was decent but made with regular cheddar or American cheese--so definitely not special. A person in my group had a Vodka gimlet that he said was all Vodka. The waitresses with eye make-up and other thematic elements of the restaurant didn't do enough to disguise the fact that this place is nothing short of mediocre. Maybe I'll upgrade if I ever go back and try something else on the menu and like it. I recommend this place to people who insist on taking their poorly behaving children out to eat I like checking the out sports/music memorabilia.. I can recall a lot of the concerts I have seen everytime I visit Cooperstown..  The staff is always friendly and the food is always prepared properly. I hope to see Alice there sometime.."  the servers and bartenders are all nice and friendly....the ""Bare knuckle stout"" beer is awesome!! and the ""Big Unit"" Hot dog is something you gotta see for yourself........and if you are an Alice Cooper fan like myself is a plus....you'll have a great time."  you won't feel empty if you skip it.  It's just too much money to spend on very bland  hot link and brisket. The nice thing was that each item had its own sauce.  Another cool thing was that there was a neighborhood festival going on that day so after I finished my lunch  lead one to expect ""good."" A better execution of this restaurant's menu and improved service would lead to my adding a third star in the future."  but they also have some delicious vegetarian options as well. The pasta pomodoro is excellent. They sometimes hold intimate concerts in the outdoor area."  Alice doesn't live here anymore.  And we told you so.  Schools out." "I wanted to stop by here while I was walking around downtown Phoenix.  I came in just as a Diamondbacks game was finishing.  It was DEAD inside.  I sat at the bar and ordered water and a margarita.  It was the worst margarita I've ever had.  There was so much strawberry syrup and it was so sweet that I only drank a few sips The staff is usually friendly and the prices aren't too high. This is the only place I can find really good smoked meat!"  and nothing ever really strikes me or disappoints me.  The food is okay.  The waitstaff is okay.  It's normally pretty empty when I go.  I think if you're gonna have a cool concept then stick to it and make it stand out.  I get the whole dark makeup thing  but don't pile on the girlie perfume to try and hide it. Every time a cloud of some sickeningly sweet perfume and Marlboros as she rushed by carrying someone's drink order. Although I did appreciate the two drunk women at the bar who fell on the floor a few times and were clearly having more fun than I. Not worth the drive from Nor Phx." and if you're trying to get laid.......don't just dont." Good food and ice cold drinks meet Rock music!  A first choice before or after any event at USAirways Center or Chase Field.  The place fills up quick on event nights so show up early!  but it didn't interfere with my enjoyment so to each their own."  but I'd definitely eat here over the inflated prices at the game."  but ordering a two foot hot dog named 'the big unit' after MLB Pitcher Randy Johnson just didn't sound that appetizing to me."  the food is good and the service is always up to par. I enjoy this place because it is a shrine to two things I love: Sports and Music. Right next to a platnum record is a Diamondbacks jersey. How great is that? The menu is also catchy with things like a one foot long hot dog called ""The Big Unit"" in tribute to Randy Johnson of course. The menu prices are more than fair and I highly recomend drinking some beers here before you go into US Airways or Chase Field to save your self some money."  lots of seating & lots of rock-n-roll stuff but the food  good food - the worst service I have ever experienced. We will not be returning."  but I'd go in the evening when there's possibly more atmosphere around." I better stop my review now." Fun time eating burgers before a Diamondbacks game. Burger was good.  Hot dog was huge. We like the mix of baseball and rock memorabila.  BBQ in particular has gotten really good & whats this? THREE local beers on tap? Yes my Friends this is a place to try once more! The servers still wear makeup like the COOP himself and I must say there is no better pre Suns game hangout! GAME ON!"  is don't let your drunk friend wander off by himself.  If you walk into the kitchen when looking for the bathroom Then we went to the D-Backs game and watched the Brewers win by one run. I'm not from Phoenix and don't live there either The service was attentive and quick for being so busy.  Neat place to go overall."  it was a good meal. As crazy as it was it actually sat well in my stomach and things worked out well later too shall we say. I would love to see the place on a packed night but I do not think I would be that adventurous enough to make the trek to see it in action." Order the Wings of Mass Destruction.  I've only had one waitress who was not so good and I've been going there for years. Lots of room and it gets packed! I LOVE their blue Dean Martin Margarita and the veggie quesadilla. My husband is a big fan of the Devil's Ale and Pratt's pulled pork. The prices are very reasonable and I love that they offer mandarin oranges as a side. They also stock my favorite hot sauce instead of just Tabasco. Lots of fun stuff to look at on the walls and always a good mix of sports on TV.  Always a good time." The service was great and quick. The place was clean and the staff was friendly." give this place a try next time your looking to kill time before a dbacks game. I wouldn't go anywhere else (aka don't go to the mexican joint on 7th street because its over priced and lame)"  not friendly and only somewhat attentive. It was interesting to see that all of the employees had the Alice Cooper make-up." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  but there is a small but good beer selection to cool off the pallet. If you are downtown for a game "This is the greatest restaurant I've ever been to.  But I love rock music.  If you hate rock music and baseball and you have no sense of humor great place to chill and watch a game... its right across the street from where the suns play.  had the adam richmond big unit hot dog that was on tv and it was ok... more just something to get people to come in... the wings were good though... I just like the restaurant to chill in.... wish they had one in CA  but a great atmosphere. It was middle price range and a decent amount of food. Saw it on Man VS Food and tracked it down when in town. The family was excited and it was a fun experience. Lots of room I hope to see you there sometime before or after a Sun's or D-Backs game!" Expect to pay $15 or so per person." The bartender on Sunday was cool. I spent over $60 but the beer and food was worth it"  etc.) and like it here. Food and Drinks are good enough. It is easy to get to A fun place for out-of-towners." The food was great! The overall atmosphere was fun. The issues with the one bartender were  chili cheese fries and burgers are some favorites there. It's also a cool place to bring some out of town and rock fans."  but not impossible without a walk to find on Suns' game night. I also understand if you can go to the restaurant during a basketball game this is the best You must try the big unit hot dog bases loaded! It is amazing how large that one hot dog is and is great to share with a group of friends. We all have different tastes but all of us enjoyed it. I wish more fries came with it though because it is equally as amazing. Eating here always has a fun atmosphere. 2) Parking is a bit of a downer.  Pretty much all paid parking; I suppose you could find unpaid with a farther walk but  and a side salad. Everything tasted good and it was really filling. The service could have been a little bit better but I was so enthralled by the large televisions playing Sportscenter and all the concert posters on the walls that I didn't really mind. I definitely can see myself going here again after a basketball or baseball game."  but its still a great place to check out when you are in Phoenix. I was there during the Christmas holiday so it was dead downtown which means awesome parking but also made me wonder where everyone was... All in all a fun place if you are down with Alice Cooper and large beef franks.. Oh  definitely a sports bar with huge damn screens.  Nice place.  Nice time.  Thanks." This restaurant is just like a Hard Rock restaurant.  Most of the servers there wore makeup like Alice Cooper...that was pretty cool."  they just reminded me too much of kfc wings :/.  All in all just the atmosphere made me really enjoy this place" Beware of the big unit.  Seriously." Cooperstown is a funny little establishment and a great place to go occasionally or on special occasions. Just beware of the BIG UNIT!"  atmosphere is really fun. The food is good Good food. The service was extremely slow and the hostess couldn't get her wait times anywhere near correct. The bartender was slower than a snail.  but it was a tuesday so I think our waitress could have been faster. When I'm in Phoenix again I'll want to go back."  great food and cool decor"  warehouse style sports bar just makes me giggle (""Where Jocks and Rock meet""...hahahaha).  The face paint on the waitstaff was just cream.  FOR A SPORTSBAR I would give this place a second chance cause service was good but no recommendations till then. Very disappointed with my dish  so I thought the decor was fun. The restaurant really deserves 3.5 stars since I enjoyed my entree but my friend was so disappointed with hers. Would recommend for out-of-towners who like sports and rock." "Fun place to go with friends for the first time. Had to try the 22"" hot dog. Friendly staff and lively atmosphere. Good location  then a famale server takes our drink orders. It wasn't organized at all. Then my friend ordered a beer on tap and that didn't work. So she just ordered a bottle which was $5.00. I ordered the chili cheese fries. The chili came on the side "I was one of 50 people who went there to get Adam's Big Unit.  The service was top notch and they move fast and get work done.  And the hot dog was sooooo huge and soooooo good.  I shared my picture of eating the big unit with Sebastian Bach and he commented back on it because it was so enormous!  It had great flavor and my favorite brioche bread.  I will be going back to attempt the dog on my own.  I am a tall skinny girl but I have a true appetite so I will definitely get that 22"" hot dog down no problem.  I highly recommend Cooperstown.  It is a great place to have good food and have a great time!"  great set-up. Really as good as it gets. It looks like they have great lunch specials too. I" The best thing about the night was being with my family.  Overall  as long as I don't get the disappearing act server again."  ever since we saw it on Man VS Food. Finally had our chance and we were disappointed. We ordered the BIG UNIT  I thought with the size this dog would have problems! Just because it's big! Doesn't mean it better! But this was not that bad. Wife and I shared an order of nachos Overall the food was decent.  I wouldn't make a special trip down to this joint but I'd eat there again if I was already in the area for a ball game." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Yes we went here because it was on Man vs. Food! We were suprized how good the food was. Husband had ribs and LOVED them. I had a buffalo chicken sandwich and it was very good too. Service was friendly and quick. Good place for groups. I really dint care for this place. the music was blah and the out door seating was lame.The only cool thing i saw was the big unit. A home wrecking size weenie some old man was trying to deep throat. Best Sports bar in downtown by a mile. If you are lucky you might even get to meet Alice. The big unit is an amazing dog. As for the rest of the food I have never had anything bad and I have been going since it opened back in the day. Also a fun place to watch a show. I think this is a spot you should check out at least just once if you're in the area. Could be a good spot for after work drinks when you're just in the mood for a few drinks and something to snack on... not necessarily dinner."  this is a great sports bar and a must-visit for spring training regulars." Overall a fun good time. Good place to bring visitors. We were here on a Saturday afternoon but I'll bet this place rocks at night on the big outdoor patio." The sandwich which I had been yearning for since ordering it came and I removed the top bun and expected to see a saucy meat mess and was let down I saw shredded beef and little sauce  which never happened. We ordered an appetizer of salsa and chips which never came out. People seated after us were receiving their food and we had not received our appetizer! Our waitress noticed we hadn't received anything yet and went to go check. Magically our whole order was done and our appetizer came out WITH our order therefore it went to waste by that point. A little too late. My mashed potatoes came out luke-warm and were cold after a few bites. My husband didn't receive his beverage he ordered til asked about it after everyone else received their drinks. The food was nothing special but not the worst I've had. After our experience Great place for a beer  before heading to Chase field too."  nice draft selection and good tunes. It will likely become tradition before future games."  the atmosphere was killer and it decor was cool."  but it was worth a try when we were in town. I ordered the Cuban Sandwich and it was good. I would try something else on my next visit to town Does anyone know how frequently Mr. Cooper makes appearances in his restaurant?  I'm just curious..." A perfect spot for pre/post game fun." What could easily have been a run of the mill celebrity owned restaurant tourist trap is actually a fun There were very few customers on a non-game Thursday night so it was not that noisy.  Overall experience was ok.  Prices are ok.  The hotdog was a bit on the salty side but surely something that one must try out at least once." Very fun tourist place. The staff was nice and the food was what I expected for a place next to a ball park and downtown Phoenix. THE BIG UNIT was a big hit...everytime someone order one they would ring a bell and yell BIG UNIT...it was cute and funny for the first 30 minutes then it got annoying. If you visit Phoenix it is a definite place to stop and visit for lunch and atmosphere.  I tried this place for food and I will not be going back or recommend to anyone I know.  Drinks only OK!!!  2 words describes this place:  Tourist Trap." the drinks here are better than the bar food!"  it's sure to be jam packed from floor to ceiling. I've seen every type of person here from the out of towner older gentlemen entertaining .... younger ladies.... to families taking down the super gigantic hot dog that Adam Richmond dominated on Man Vs Food to college student drinking the entire bar up before the game. It's a fun atmosphere Cooper donates a lot back to our community. A friend of mine from college received a scholarship to Grand Canyon University funded by Alice Cooper. Support local! :)" oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Atmosphere and service are okay. So nothing special but hey it's Alice Cooper  but less than an hour later I was hungry again. To drink I ordered the microbrewery SanTan Devil's Gordo Stout for $5.50. This was a very sad beer; watery Decent for drinks or watching sports but don't make a mecca for this place. The big unit I had was below average. Bun was hard. Hot dog was flavorless and chilli was bland." MAN vs FOOD AIN'T GOT NOTHING ON ME!!!"  tons of football to watch and enjoy.  Would consider coming back when my baseball travels bring me back out to Phoenix for a Dbacks game or more Fall League.  I want people to ring the bell and scream BIG UNIT for when I tackle that giant hot dog."  the overpriced drinks make it a place you should pre-game before you head to for sports viewing. Clearly this place relies on its owner's renown for its reputation and customer base more so than it's ability to be a quality location."  however was not at all impressed with the food and service."  but definitely enjoyed it. If I get this again when in town OH - and drink specials every day. I'm in!" I really think I am going to steer clear of this tourist trap from here on in. If you want some really good BBQ  nothing bad about this place at all. Came when there wasn't a sports game so it wasn't crowded :). Would come back just for the seasoned fries.. mmmmmmm." "Such a disappointment. I came here around Christmastime with my family and it was a Friday afternoon/early evening and the place was a bore. There was no interesting or exciting music like you would expect from a rock legend type bar. The food was alright. We shared an appetizer platter called the wildcat combo which was really tiny I think once was enough and won't go back. Unless we win or be given a gift card." Don't forget to ask to have our face painted at the front!"  but the service is excellent and the food even better.  I have yet to try the Big Unit  but she was very nice and I enjoyed my lunch. I definitely would go back to try something else on the menu." I can't really comment on the atmosphere because we were seated outside  the bell rings.  This is close to CHASE FIELD AND all of the sites in DOWNTOWN."  prices and atmosphere. Not a place a go out of my way for The wings are awesome! Good place to go before a game or event downtown. Food is good and staff is nice. It's always been quiet when I have been there but the only drawback is they close I believe like 10 or 11pm."  wonderful vibe. I will be returning here." "A group of us went to try the ""Big unit"" 22"" hot dog. I have to say that it was delicious and more than plenty for one person. Yes  HD TVs and five giant projection screens! Top this off with giant portions of good old fashioned man food. Parking Awesome place! I like the memorabilia on the walls.  a super annoying bell goes off and all the wait staff stop what they're doing and yell ""BIG UNIT!"" That got old after the third one. I definitely couldn't work there. The big disappointment The fully loaded big unit is huge.  If you like hot dogs you must definitely try this.  Parking isn't that great though as you are right next to all of the stadiums in Phoenix and all the parking lots charge outrageous fees.  Try and find street parking if you are lucky.  so you probably won't need refills. There are plenty of huge screen TVs located around the dining room for watching sports. There are also many rock memorabilia pieces located around the restaurant." Stick with Zips in Scottsdale." "Welcome to Alice's overpriced tourist trap nightmare! Food is expensive and totally tasteless. Seemed like they used generic frozen ingredients for all the dishes we ordered. The fish fry and fish tacos were the worst. Seriously Enjoyed it through and through. Had the big unit hot dog. It was actually delicious. Will go back whenever im in Arizona. Oh! and the waitress was very nice.  with a choice of several plates named after an athlete or celebrity." It's always been quiet when I have been there but the only drawback is they close I believe like 10 or 11pm."  but when we sat down we didn't see our waiter for about another 10 minutes! I know it is a sports bar and it is going to be noisy but this was just unreal! The T.V.'s where turned up so loud that we couldn't talk to each other at our own table! After trying we resulted to just sitting there watching the T.V.'s without talking to each other! We even asked a worker if they could turn down the Sound just a little bit and they said it could not be done! I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and it was one of the worst i have ever had! It honestly tasted like school cafeteria food! The fries where some of the worst i have had! i do not know how you can mess up french fries but they easily managed that! Then in the end i had to pay for all that! I will never go back! Dont fall for the Trap like me!"  its really GOOD! The prices for 2 was great. The only down side to the restaurant is that the service wasn't all there. Its a great place to have good food." Not a bad option in the area!"  I did not like our waiter who didn't seem like he wanted to be there. He never really checked on us  and we waited a long time for our check to come. Service = Bad. Food = Good."  very courteous and attentive service. Great atmosphere and decor (love the old music memorabilia). The Veggie Quesadilla was awesome. Will definitely come back (perhaps when the weather is nicer... it was 102 at 10pm on the night of the show)..."  friendly and on top of things plus they elicit the ""Alice Cooper"" image in a very accurate way (although they did a not bring me a snake-thank God). Rock N Roll Would've been nice to have known the price of beer.  It's not posted on the menus.  Had the San Tan Hopshock IPA.  Very tasty but my main quibble is we just left the baseball stadium.  Why are you serving me 12 oz in a plastic cup for $5.50?  Left the stadium to escape that ding.  Eh Lets just say this place is awesome! My sister in law ordered that huge ol' hot dog and shared it with 3 different people. I had a bbq chicken salad and it was pretty good and a very decent size. I wanted to take the cup home that they served our drinks it!  It is a fun place to work out and if your kids are scared of dark make up I would definitely steer clear of this place!!! But fun place to just enjoy a good lunch/drink or two! "Food was tasty. When did I get so old and begin to think every restaurant  I had to wait nearly an hour between time of order to time of serving. Don't go there unless you are very patient."  I thought it would be a hit. I am new in town so I decided to check it out one afternoon. I went on a Wednesday for lunch and sat at the bar- they boast half-priced lunch between 11-3 and have various items half off for each day of the week. Wednesday was 50% off their salads and meatloaf. I decided to go with the Bruce Lee asian chicken salad and coupled it with a nice Pear Cider. I loved looking at all the memorabilia and the bartender was super nice. My salad was disgusting  and the big unit i took without beacon and it was awesome.""" I'll come back for sure!!" oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Also I kept the bone just in case." Thanks for the PTSD Alice Cooper!" "Two words: Big Unit!! Just try it...you won't be disappointed! Make sure you share it If you in town recommended that you stop by even just to heck out the merch.  Great place to take family after a game or out for a fun night." I'd go back in a heartbeat when I'm in Phoenix!  Hats off to Alice (who apparently only shows up every few months what we got isn't on the menu anymore? just wanna log for the records but we got some time of sampler  and my little brother and it was so fun. We watched the NCAA tourny on all the big screens and their food is so good. My lil bro got those huge hot dogs. Good memories to look back on." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  we all had out share of it. But my Aunt Sue was game and actually ate most of it!! I had the Rob Zombie Burger! It was great  2 ribs (awesome).  Other dishes enjoyed by our group include the tuna casserole and meatloaf.  This place has great comfort food!"  and the wings were big and solid in flavor. BUT THE BIG UNIT IS BIG DEAL AND UNREAL! 2 feet of dog with chili  like plain ol' lunch meat. Overpriced and definitely not worth it. Don't waste your time or money!"  records etc on the walls. We loved our experience. We had the Unit. Very good but needed tums later that night RUN don't walk from Alice Coopertown!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  but 4 stars is still ok. Had the Big Unit. The quality of the dog is delicious including the baguette it comes in. For $15 though "Really the perfect place to go before any sporting event in the area. We came before going to a Fiesta Bowl party at the Diamondbacks stadium just down the street. There is plenty of parking nearby and usually plenty of room inside or outside to get even a sizable party seats. They have a good selection of microbrews (a trait that is so often overlooked in sports bars) I wouldn't make this a ""must visit"" place but if you're in the area "Hot diggity dang this place is just of the hook tasty.  The big unit is this huge amazing hot dog  VERY rude bartender. Left before getting waited on!" "Man I cannot wait to go back!! The bullet wrap is delicious as is the asian chicken salad and wings! Awesomely fun atmosphere ""where rock meets jock"" all the novelty of the great Alice Cooper (WE'RE NOT WORTHYY!) alongside ginormous flat screens everywhere Can only conclude that Vincent really cares about the stuff that has his name on it." Yucky I didn't think the food was very tasteful and it was overpriced. oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Came here just for a HH drink.  We had all had lunch & weren't hungry.  I'll come back when I am.  Cute names on the menu for their food items.  I was tempted by a lot it.  The local IPA was perfect.  Santan I believe was the name.  Feel sorry for all the staff who have to paint the black marks under their eyes.  unless you are a die hard Alice Cooper fan. And if you are there as a fan DON'T eat the food. The food is low grade ""pub grub"" (frozen food that's been deep fried). Service is slow & totally apathetic."  decent prices...and it's a wonderful place for kids too.  Not too many of those.  Cooperstown has seen us before and will see us again and again."  but it felt like no one cared anymore about general upkeep and food quality. Too bad."  and cool place if you are a harcore alice cooper fan. not so much a fan of the food  excellent downtown location."  themed waiters. How cool? Not sure how the food is overall because I've only been once but everything looked pretty solid. I ordered the ""Big Unit"" because that's like the staple thing to get here and that's what my friends told me to get so I did. I knew this thing was big from the beginning but damn Can be decent for a gathering of the masses to watch a game  happening place to hang before the game. I was impressed to find that they have a pretty big brew selection and even a few gluten free ones for me. That would be a cider for now. But I am learning. The staff was friendly and helpful. We sat at the bar because I like fun places Don't think I would ever go back.  Plenty of better places to eat downtown." Bottom line - great place to grab a few drinks before the Diamondbacks game but not a lot of food for vegetarians." Place is pricey - its a tourist trap but its a fun atmosphere and  near the ballpark" I celebrated my birthday at Cooperstown and had so much fun. The food is great and the atmosphere is awesome.  but too much bread. Great bloody Mary bar on Sundays. Good place to watch sports. Sometimes they have bands on their outdoor stage....and sometimes Alice visits." "We stopped here to eat before we went to the game. The food was EXCELLENT! The service was amazing as well. We had a mushroom burger This place isn't for everybody who is not into the genre. We did enjoy it and will return on special occasions. If you go make it a week day for lunch. It's probably when you'll get best for service. They are located near Chase Field Cold beer good food good music and a cool staff ill defiantly come back!  looks like they place would be a freaking party-house nightmare on a game night." I actually thought we were there on a night there was no baseball games as that part of town as very quiet.  But upon leaving saw all the streets blocked off in anticipation of the fans leaving after the game.  This place had always been jumping the other times I went there.  We were able to find street parking on an adjacent street." I love this place our waitress Sara Jane was awesome I will be coming back. Oh one more thing parking is not easy."  just warm-- I split it with my husband. It was $16.99. You can get it with all the fixings but we got it with relish and onions. Nothing special.  I also got a dinner salad (mostly iceberg with rings of red onion "Oh yum! We had a great time at this restaurant and the food was wonderful. I would have liked bigger portions Ok I know my review is a bit late but oh well :) . I came in here when I visited Arizona when the LA Dodgers played the Diamondbacks back in April of this year. This place was cool! I had the big unit and it was soo delicious! I would definitely recommned this place. The dudes wear make-up like Alice Cooper and the outdoor patio is nice when the weather cools off. Solid 3."  and the chipotle pasta (with cut up hot dog in it). Worst barbecue ever. Seemed like it was made a week ago and microwaved. Nice place to have a drink and watch a game There are better options nearby...pass"  *that* bad.) And I devoted a Yelp review to it as well (here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/arena-park-place-l-p-phoenix#hrid:yi7CY8WilX73OYj7Tl6YjQ) If I had a choice I wouldn't park here. But it is right behind the restaurant. Just be aware of potential customer service issues."  it's a cool place. Especially if you like big wieners."  and those suggestions stand. They get 2 stars for location and a nice array of TV's for game day. They lose 3 stars for poor service "Meet a friend from Washington DC recently at Alice Cooper'stown and had lunch.   It was a real treat.    We ordered the ""Big Unit"" a 20"" long hotdog.    Probably one of the best hotdogs I have ever eaten.      Also had a platter of various snacks and finished it off with a baseball mitt size brownie topped with ice cream and whipped cream.   I was very surprised with the food.     I found it to be great and look forward to the next time pack.     Great place to kick back enjoy a beer and  the environment.    Great wait staff." It is a shame the rest of the competition is being held there. The kids deserve so much better."   Great!!  The sports vibe was fantastic!  Everywhere you look big screens with the game on.  Platinum and Gold records on the walls!  A very festive atmosphere!  The food was very good!  We had the bases loaded Big Unit.  Worth the $!  Very Big Been wanting to try this place once I seen it on MvF.   Okay so I tried the 'Bases Loaded Big Unit'.  It was good.  Could not finish it all.  Very cool atmosphere with Rock 'n Roll and sports memorabilia. "the best of everything food and atmosphere  the side dishes are weird. Mandarin Oranges and apple slices don't really belong next to a burger  knob-heavy component stereo system in their living room.  I would walk around their house pretending I was cool and ignoring--or at least attempting to ignore--your nightmare: I couldn't look you in the eye.  At Cooper'stown  my party shared the big unit hot dog. They really need to put a lot more chili on it. We had the jalapeno coins appetizer  service was good..couldn't get the hockey game on I wanted but I guess they are more for suns or d-bcks. I'd probably come back again.."  I was convinced there wasn't any good food in downtown Phoenix. The next time I'm in town  good and nothing fancy. It is just a fun place to take people or hang out when you need to be downtown."  perfect for catching a few games. It's no short on entertainment. The plus on service was that our server was very conscientious of the short time line we were on. The opportunity that could have been gained was asking for refills for beverages  I was told the wait was 35 to 40 min... an hour later I asked when we would be sat and I was greeted with three girls and nothing but attitude. When I asked why people who came in after us were served I was told that they were either ""friends"" or investors.  20 min later I approached them again noticing that nearly everyone that came in after me had been sat. I was told that they called us which was a blatant lie because where we were waiting the intercom was so loud it made my granddaughter scared every time they used it. Come to find out when we asked the first time how long the wait would be they put a mark next to our name which made them believe they called our name when they had not...genius!  When they figured out their mistake all I teceived was attitude and NO apology. So we asked to see the manager  the atmosphere is super and the wait staff is pretty friendly. I had the big unit hot dog and it was quite tasty but I could not finish it. The food was quite good as was the place itself with the decor was pretty cool. The music was rock as expected and basically this is a better version of Hard Rock Cafe." I'll be ready to go back the next time we happen to be in Phoenix." "Too many restaurant gaffes in one night. Forgotten drinks "Decent food.  Came more for the atmosphere and to yell ""big unit"" every time someones orders one of their giant hotdogs." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw "Had to try this place out...how can you go wrong with a big hot dog and Alice Cooper. Really cool stuff inside  food did !!!!  They also have a Big Unit as well with no toppings .  Perhaps next time i'm in town for a game i'll attack this one.  I also love how they ring the bell when your order comes out and the staff yells BIG UNIT !!!  ( Big Unit being named after former DBacks pitcher Randy Johnson ) .If your in town for Spring Training That being said the food was below average. The club sandwich was dry and lacked flavor. The restaurant was also really large and seemed cluttered (probably due to all the memorabilia)  I'm sure Alice Cooper fans probably appreciate it!" One suggestion: this place would be even more fun if the staff looked like they enjoyed their jobs. Not a lot of smiles or friendly small talk." Don't miss out on this experience! GO!"  kinda just comes across as a typical sports bar.  I really don't think I will go back in the future due to our food and service being bad."  couples or singles and looks like it would be a decent bar in the evenings. Sort of reminds me of the Hard Rock Cafe  yummy! The service was super friendly and loved the music that was playing. It was like they hacked my I-pod. The only reason for 4 stars is the place could use some updating otherwise it would've been 5."  this place is worth a visit for the fun and novelty of doing so. I had a lot of fun here. Despite the place reminding me of my grandma's house."  getting you your food and check quickly so that you're not late.  We tried the BBQ and it was pretty good for a generalist kind of place.  The menu is quite extensive so it's sure to have something for everyone."  but whatevs.  The food is all around satisfying and I'm definitely making Alice Cooperstown a regular place on my list." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw The atmosphere was the most interesting part of coming here. It is a shame that Alice Cooper would let his restaurant stoop this low. This is definitely a busy model focused around profits and not quality or satisfaction. This restaurant would never survive without its namesake."  nothing special. It's worth it for the money. Don't expect anything special. It's just a fun place with great sports on all the TV's." "Me and my family have lived in Arizona for the past 4 years. We always talked about going to Alice Cooperstown but never got the chance...until tonight!! It was pretty darn cool oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  but he's a super picky guy and I think he went in there already deciding that he wasn't going to be happy. I will be back Fun if you're an Alice Cooper fan or need a bar to get sloshed and watch games at. But this review is just for the dog." Truth be told I was disappointed each time I visited - not sure why I keep going back." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  no other reason to come here cept maybe for at t shirt other than that not worth a trip here "Went here while in PHX on business with a friend who lives locally.  Thought it would be a good place to have some dinner since i love BBQ.  No such luck.  Nothing seemed like real BBq  just over cooked and tasteless.  Very Chain resturant-y So if you find yourself in downtown Phoenix give Cooperstown Sports Grill a try "What a great environment! The place is full of energy. The big unit was a group pleaser! Our waitress Since it is a large place the noise level does get high when crowded." "Haven't been here in awhile. They changed some things like the bread and they skimp ed out on mushrooms and cheese on the shroom burger. Still tasted good  we will never return!" I would probably recommend checking them out because the price is reasonable for what you get."  great atmosphere and good service. Plenty of TV's to watch your favorite sports." Been there about 5 times since it opened and the food has never been good.   Not much on the menu and very bland.   Service isn't the best plus you have to pay $10 to park.   Doubt I ever go back. Don't forget to yell out ""Big Unit"" when the bell sounds." This place was awesome. Tons of awesome memorabilia all over and great food as well. They even had an Elaine Benes big salad on the menu from Seinfeld. A great place to go when you're downtown especially before or after an event.  Arizona we stopped to order a Bases Loaded Mega Dogg from our favorite restaurant in Phoenix Arizona to take home.  Only thing is home is Moreno Valley California!  5 hours away!  Long story short Awesome place. Great food. The Service is great. All in all just an ok experience." Very greasy and food tastes like it was not fresh and prepared and frozen.  Bbq meat tasted old.  and was able to talk to him for awhile about the restaurant and tell him how much I liked the food." Disgusting & disappointing!!!" Would definitely go back here when passing through again."  the server made a million mistakes and I'm pretty sure was high on something. But I love heavy metal and Alice Cooper too much to give this place a bad review. Even though it wasn't that great "the burgers were the same as any fast food place. it had a nice atmosphere "We are DBacks season ticket holders and like to eat before the games at different places by the ballpark. We had bad service one time before at Cooperstown when they forgot to call our table and they put us outside in the corner after a 2 hour wait.  We heard there was new management so we came for another try.  When we sat down we waited 15 minutes before waiter came by.  He rudely said ""sorry I'm busy."" This time was worse then before.  We ordered the $17 brisket and turkey breast for two.  We got 3 slices of brisket and 3 slices of turkey.  We sent it back and the food runner got pissed and gave us attitude. The manager came and said sorry but we are working on our portions and when I saw that go by I was concerned.  But he didn't do anything until we complained. We left and the one thing I think sizes it up is that they didn't care. So disappointed!"  but luckily we beat the rush. Nothing else on the menu really leaped out as must-tries dGyYmoqSfIxIU8tNkBfvkg Definitely not something I'd make a trip for exclusively but great way to kick off a trip to the ballpark."  and good service. This a fun place to grab a drink and/or late lunch before catching a Dbacks game."  I would think this would be a busy day for them!  There are few good sports bars downtown for families (not Hooters or Tilted Kilt) so it's a shame." Overpriced and microwaved.  Eat more than 10 feet away from the game and enjoy a meal.  even when we got lost and the host on the phone helped us by giving us step by step instructions to find the restaurant.  Our waitress was great! We had the big unit  just great music. I think the best thing about the place was the atmosphere We had a great time watching all these young and very talented musicians! We can't wait to come back for the next round."  they were crispy and plenty of them but the cheese didn't have much flavor. I got the turkey sliders which again has minimal flavor....a little salt and pepper never hurt anyone during the cooking process!  My boyfriend got the ""no more Mr. Nice guy"" as his main entree...wasn't impressed  there aren't many choices for me on the menu.  I selected the fish tacos.  They were so-so.  They came with fries and cole slaw.  Nothing really stood out with my meal.  Everything was pretty mediocre.  Had dinner and 1 drink and left.  Won't be back when visiting again."  Alice Cooperstown is a great place with a ton of character and better than average bar food. Just what you're looking for before and after a game....or any other time as well!"  only advised by employee sweeping off patio. Had checked their website before leaving home (45 miles away) and no notice on site. 4 year old grand-daughter named Alice was so upset as she wanted to see ""a boy named Alice"". Will never return!!!!!!"  and Mike just to name a few.  It's a great place to come watch a game ( so many TVs) or hang out after any sporting event.  I love going here and randomly catching a band playing on their outside stage.  The food is definitely worth trying as well.  Some of my favorites are the Mac and cheese and chicken sliders. If your in the mood for some spicy add the jalapeo coins to your dish." Special shout out to Alisha. Bomb diggity server. Quite possibly the biggest smile on earth." Super fun family experience! Order the kids the big unit and the brownie with ice cream! Lifetime family memory! Not even Alice Cooper fan but he hit a homerun with this one! Great vibes and very fair pricing!  and Mike just to name a few.  It's a great place to come watch a game ( so many TVs) or hang out after any sporting event.  I love going here and randomly catching a band playing on their outside stage.  The food is definitely worth trying as well.  Some of my favorites are the Mac and cheese and chicken sliders. If your in the mood for some spicy add the jalapeo coins to your dish." I always take visitors new to Phoenix here."  and chicken tenders. I figured I'd be able to try a bit of everything. It's an amusing little joint Had the man vs food  big unit it was a well flavoed hot got the last was worth its price the staff was also very friendly will definitely try to go again if I am ever in the area  again We had a groupon and decided to try it out. It wasn't hAppy hour and my draft bud light was $5. The appetizers were so-so. It's a great atmosphere and would be fun after a game. "Great lil joint downtown phx. . People are friendly especially Jeremy! ! I will be recommending this place to everyone.. great live music I went there today and the food was bad the prices were high and they really screw you on the double platter deal. Do your self a favor and go somewhere else's. I would love to go back again. They are closed most Sundays. Unless there is a major event downtown. You should check their website before going down on a Sunday."  the waiter retired to take my still half full cocktail away ...though the atmosphere was fun.  I don't think I will be back anytime soon."  but wife would be reluctant to return."  slow and unorganized hostess staff. Waited 2 hrs and never served. Apparently the customer Isn't always right at Cooperstown. What a complete waste of time." Will I be back...no! I can take my business elsewhere downtown."  and then we got our food and discovered why.  I ordered a salad with grilled chicken.  I could have received a better salad at McDonald's.  The lettuce was wilted and looked straight out of a bag.  Half the chicken was cold and half was warm.  My husband ordered the ""platter"" with two meats and two sides.  He received two measly portions of meat and the sides????  BBQ beans from a can We've been back a few times since our first bad experience. I'm glad we gave Cooperstown another chance because we've had great less crowded experiences since with awesome food!! Cooperstown is one of our must stop restaurants when we are downtown!! "We eat here every time we got to a game. I love their salads and fries. My husband always gets the sliders. They taste good and aren't a dry slab of meat. Sadly the outside doesn't have servers so if you want to eat you have to order inside and then take it to your seat. The only thing I don't like is the very load alarm they ring when a person orders e big unit. My son freaks out and has fit. so  we had a decent visit. I feel think might be more of a place to stop in for a drink before a game of some sort place was packed but service was good  and pretty good beer selection.  Hubby and I ordered thier BBQ combo platter.  It came with a a mix of 5 meats and 2 side of your choice.  My fav - surprisingly - was the turkey and the link.  Thought the turkey would be dry - um NO way.  Verrrrrrry good.  Had the Peach beer  typical bar food. Nice design and decor inside. The outside patio for bands is cool. Always a very loud environment inside. Plenty of big screens to watch sports."  since they ring a bell every time one of the Big Units comes.out of the kitchen.  The wings were great (have to order chicken in some.form at a place owned by Alice Cooper)."  which helps give this place a great Rock & Roll vibe- just like Alice Cooper would want it!" The food was good..the service sucked!! We waiting 30 min for even our waters then another 15 for a drinks!! I didn't even get my food order!! So I had to wait another 15 min!! The music was good and the ambience was fun!!  he was really unsure. nevertheless he came by and gave us our drinks . He got them wrong. He fixed it but then didn't come back for another 25 minutes to take our order. now that part we weren't really annoyed because we had conversations and drinks in front of us. When he finally came over to take our order we wanted an appetizer. Now it would have been nice to have gotten an appetizer right when we gotten our drinks because then those 25 minutes wouldn't have seemed so bad. ... A food runner came out shortly after and brought us our appetizer. It then took another 15 minutes for him to come back to take our food order. The food came out just right thank god. But  After about 10 minutes you would expect for a server to come over and ask you how the meal is  but it is big and has flavor.  The servers have all been friendly and they wear the Alice Cooper eye make up.  They ring the bell and yell out every time someone orders a Big Unit and it comes out.  This is a great place to come to Worth a visit if you happen to spend time in Phoenix." Food was great. We had the most amazing server named Bailey!! She was helpful without hovering and knowledgeable about the menu and options! When you go ask for her!!  smoked? You say? Well yeah like a 15 year smoker on the patch. In Alice cooper I do not trust."  but nothing overboard. Welcome to my Nightmare chili loaded was just ok. Crispy chicken salad again just ok. Atmosphere ok but of course in the whole place that's open they put family with two under two kids right in middle fucking up the atmosphere. Nice touch. Hey Alice I will never come here again." From Seattle area big fan of Alice Cooper food is outstanding and extremely fair priced I was a little worried because some celebrity owned restaurants can suck but not here great place BBQ Is great tvs everywhere and cool rock star memorabilia all around the restaurant not just Alice Cooper's stuff  the memorabilia and wall writing can keep you occupied for many So it's an ok place & glad I went.  I got no time for tears it's just another touristy restaurant." Last night's entertainment was a wonderful surprise! Most talented group I've heard in Phoenix ! Ratio Band! Every musician was top notch! Great waitress and outdoor experience. Will be back and looking for that band again..  the huge portion that of ""man vs food"" is overrated and the price doesnt go wth the taste  It is within walking distance to Chase Field also so its pretty easy to get to before or after a game." Interesting spot downtown.  We were on our way out of Phoenix and needed some lunch before we left.  We stopped in just after they opened and were the only people inside.  It remained a pretty quiet Sunday for them with only one other table showing up before we left.  Service was friendly but minimal.  We ordered two burgers and they were cooked well and tasted great.  Their bloody mary mix is really thick and not that great but I was hungover and needed it.  We were able to get in and out in about thirty minutes so that was nice but just nothing overly impressive here.  watch games and have good food and drinks.  If you're looking for a fun and unique sports bar in downtown Phoenix then check out Alice Cooperstown."   but on the other hand I came here to try the food. I honestly wasn't blown away.  I ordered the Reuben sandwich which is a pretty standard dish. It came with fries and coleslaw. The sandwich was very small and very expensive for that size. 13 bucks seemed really steep and with a drink and tip you can not eat there for under 20 bucks. The sandwich itself was cold and very greasy. I had better. The fries were tasty but the coleslaw was stale. Our waiter was really nice and attentive and its not his fault that the food isn't great. But the joint has a nice atmosphere and I might come here again just to have some drinks since my office is around the corner." This is my son's favorite restaurant. We come during off game times and the food and service is wonderful. They give the kids Alice Cooper face paint. The waiter was extremely EXTREMELY NICE!!! Great service and awesome food!!! Definitely recommend it!!!  the atmosphere was good.  I myself am a sports and rock n roll fan and it was really cool that if you wanted to come in just to take pictures Food was not great. Not much else to say about this place. I guess if you like Alice Cooper you might want  to check this place out Everything else was blah... just mediocre." Definitely one of my favorite places to go Downtown!  We enjoyed the appetizer sampler and some beverages.  Everyone is always friendly and accommodating and the food is always excellent!  Sarah Jane and the whole crew for paying such attention to us on Saturday!  What a great time.  My nearly 80 year old father really loves this place and with good reason... Get the bbq sampler platter While on vacation I saw this place on TV and decided to make the drive to Downtown Phoenix and stopped by. The Big Unit caught my attention and boy was it big. It was delicious was able to share with someone else. Seems like a good night spot to hand out and if your lucky I hear Alice shows up from time to time. Nice venue!  Many successful possibilities because of variety of restaurant areas. Too bad booking manager does not follow through with promised dates to bands. Ratio Band found out the hard way their gig was cancelled.  Too bad.  Alicia and the hostess were fun. Looking forward to bringing our friends to the restaurant." "I went here with my boyfriend for dinner and the food was so good! I got the big unit hotdog and he got the ribs. The hot dog was just as big as I imagined and an alarm sounded when they brought it out. Lol. That was a nice touch. The ribs were tasty. The meat fell right off the bones. Its a cool concept inside  I make an effort to get to." It was entertaining but I'm not sure I'd come back." "Can't say enough about this place. The environment was cool. Nice outside are where you can enjoy a beer while waiting for a table. Staff was friendly and it was packed! Had a couple buds and some food while waiting for the Dbacks game to start. The ""Man vs Food"" hot do was the biggest hot dog I've ever seen in my life and was actually pretty decent with all the stuff they put on it. Kudos to Alice's Cooperstown for this cool place to eat." I got the smoked brisket. It's was alright. Maybe I'm just not a brisket guy cause it was dry and bland. The wings were good and I liked the ribs. I love this place. I always get the same thing though. I get the green pork chili nachos. AMAZING!! Love the environment and the atmosphere!!!!! Convenient location for dinner before a sports event or concert! The food was delicious. I recommend the Maniac Mac n Cheese!  The bacon cheeseburger was good as well with a small cup of chili that comes on the plate. The margaritas are good and strong. On a Saturday night the wait to be seated was about 15 minutes which was not bad considering how busy it was there. Staff was very friendly! Will definately be back again.  The taste was top notch and I felt bad for not being able to finish the last 1/5 of the dog. The wife had the maple garlic wings which she loved. The daughter had the mac and cheese that was just a bit too heavy on the cream and could have been a bit less soupy. But that aside This food is abundant. Wife and I are large people. We shared the big unit and the wings. We washed it down w a total of four beers. We both walked out very full. "There is a large selection of memorabilia and beers on tap.  Several people ordered ""The Big Unit"" Hot Dog because they announce it when being served. I must say the size of the order lives up to the name. My sandwich meat was chewy and a little cool. I would go back again and take more photos." "I love Alice Cooper so I figured this would be a cool spot for lunch.  I was a little worried that the touristyness of it would ruin the quality and that the food wouldnt be that good.  I was totally wrong!  The food was fabulous.  We shared an order of sliders and the pork green chili nachos.  But were seriously good.  The sliders come in 6 so we had two each of chicken One star knocked off for location.  Only crazy high priced metered parking everywhere.  I blame the city of Phoenix for this.   But free parking should be a constitutional right."  and auction items are available." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw For lunch I grazed at Alice Cooperstown. I had No More Mister Nice Guy and Desperado playing over in my head. I was not brave enough to try The Big Unit hotdog but several patrons did while I was dining. The portions are generous and staff is helpful fast and friendly. My third time there. Food delicious. Atmosphere hard rock and is very energizing. Went to buy my brother a t shirt. He is a HUGE Alice fan. Have not tried the big unit or bases loaded but one of these days I will. We have been wanting to go here for a very long time but never seem to be in the area.  Finally we went.  I love the dcor.  From the waitresses made up with the iconic Alice mascara to the autographed posters and guitars there is so much to look at.  We had the spinach and cheese dip as an app.  It was served with plenty of warm chips and the dip was very good.  My wife had the Cuban.  She said it was very good although she didn't care for the bread it was served.  I had the corned beef sandwich.  I am a corned beef sandwich whore. I love a great Rueben.  The sandwich was ok.  There was an odd flavor that was hard to pinpoint.  I believe that the meat was smoked which may have been the flavor that I kept picking up.  There were also a few bites that had very tough meat in it.  Over all I would go back to try something else.  Another thing that somewhat threw me was the price of the draft beer.....$4.16 for a Coors Light draft!  That's a little....ok a lot.....steep. It's just metal enough to not scare away average people and sporty enough not to alienate artists. It's the perfect blend...plus Alice Cooper owns it  and that is just not how you take care of customers. The only reason this gets 2 stars and not 1 is because it is a cool spot with a lot of awesome rock memerabelia." We both really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere of the place however they could really improve their service. Knowing they are close to the arena and will have large crowds during concerts and such We came her before the rattlers game and celebrated my son's 11th birthday. Our server was great even gave my son a huge dessert for his birthday.  My Aunt who orders quesadillas everywhere she goes said this was the best quesadillas she's ever eaten!! Good place to come before a game.  went outside and waited over 30 minutes for over priced mixed drink.  Finally got a table and the waitress was awful.  Food was cold The food was not good. Service was decent and the place looked a little run down. I really wouldn't recommend this place. Maybe get a beer but not the food. ate here my last day in AZ and loved it the burger was very flavorful and tasty. not a chili fan really but the chili there was pretty good too. the waitresses were all beautiful and wore the eye makeup like Alice Cooper. went because of man vs food but loved it all the ambiance was similar to that of a hard rock cafe they even play alice cooper songs oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  maybe too high. The service was excellent. We were served really fast and very well. The food in general was ok. It was not extraordinary but all was good. I had the Big Unit Bases Loaded and this was the shining star of the day. The sausage itself is great quality. The toppings were ok. I'm giving four stars be aside the service was very good. We may come back Got a grey goose vodka tonic that came in a little plastic cup with a bunch of ice in it. I basically drank it in 2 gulps. If I'm buying a premium drink it should be served in a glass. Also I should get more sips out of it then two.  Then I had the beef brisket... well if that's what you wanna call it.. that was Luke warm like it was sitting out for 15 min before it got to my table.. if you wanna call that BBQ then I must of been high because that was the worst brisket I've ever seen or had.maybe the 2 sips I got off my drink got me drunk and I must of lost all conception of taste.. all in all I never come back here to eat I'd rather go to tilted kilt or copper blues.. at least they have glasses to give you with your drinks. I also was with 3 other people and they all got plastic kiddie cups with their drinks as well.. we spent $158 on shitty drinks and crappy food.. we all we're not happy with our experience here.. and will never come back  chili and cheese and I'm sure I'm leaving a few others out. Good to split with someone and worth the price."  we picked a slow time so we could get to know the place  etc. I wanted to ask the hostess about possible merch but she totally dismissed us. We still held on to hope and ordered food to once again be let down. DO NOT ORDER THE PULLED OR SIGNATURE NIGHTMARE NACHOS!!!!!! It was burnt and embarrassing to receive. I DO RECOMMEND THE FOUR PEAKS BEER ON TAP. So my final suggestion  game over and in this battle of Lenny vs food I killed it. Best moment of my life." "Great atmosphere. Friendly staff and very good food. I was a little surprised at the prices of the meals. I will visit again for sure The waitress was not attentive to our drinks.  When we finished our beers Very disappointing experience." Parking can sometimes be a little tricky." Great music and vibe as soon as you walk through the door. My wife and I went there before Suns Vs Cavs game in December and had a great time. I would definitely recommend going there for happy hour before any game. oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw "Ordered ""Coops Combo"" plus the mac n' cheese bites to split with my girlfriend. It seemed like a good sampling of menu items so made sense. The mac n' cheese bites were delicious. The chicken tenders and fries were good but I wasn't a big fan of the BBQ pork sliders. The wings were average but the potato skins stole the show- they were amazing. All-in-all I would say 4* food but our waitress went MIA for quite a while when we needed drink refills so that cost them a star." We had the chicken wings and they were great. We like the hot and the way hot sauces. Cool atmosphere. Great place for a beer and American food. "Cooperstown is its usual schizophrenic self. Some menu items are good on a visit  make sure you order the ""BIg Unit"".  It is kinda expensive for a meal that one person could finish off (I could eat one by myself Very cool place! Lots to see and admire! Tvs everywhere and never a dull moment. Even the staff gets into the makeup like Cooper . Food is Alright.. just alot of finger/friend food. "It's about what you expect.  Pretty cool environment with ok food and a big beer list.  Nothing to make you go wow  but the food is better. What makes it different is that it is Alice Coopers restaurant. The servers all wear Billion dollar Baby type of make up Great atmosphere and even better food. Got the bases loaded big unit hot dog and made it into a delicious meal for 4.  don't order it. Place is cute but will not come back Me and my husband ordered the big unit - it was delicious and of course plenty of food! Worth the $25. Our friends were not so happy with their food. They said theirs was bland and not very good. I'd recommend coming here for the ambiance and the big unit - just to say u ate it. We went during the day around 4 and place was pretty empty but looks like it might be cool at night when it's packed. oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  as lunch for 2 was over $30 and my sister didn't even have a drink.  You also have to pay $5 to park.  So Also they offer FREE concerts here during summer months and it's walking distance to Diamondbacks and Suns games. How can you beat that?!"  you are the greatest."  the really big one with all the stuff. It was pretty average. Not bad. It tasted like something you would get at a ball park just twice as big. I'm glad I got to go there  20min to order food then when it came to meeting the waiter/ waitress no names ever mentioned. Refills were a nightmare to get not just soda or water but beers all 3 times. The staff just seemed oblivious to what's been going on when serving customers"  good service and great food! When you walk in there is automatically a fun and original atmosphere. I don't recall our waitress' name but she was great. The nachos were delicious. I recommend getting it with guacamole." The make up they give the kids stains their skin for like 3-4 days!"   dirty grease on a skilled cook top.  Waste of time."  all of the games are on mute so you can't hear them. Beer wasn't cold. Its more of a rock bar instead of a good sports bar. I wouldn't recommend this place for the dbacks games." "Great vibe and great food. The big unit intrigued me for a second until I read what the stuff they put on it. I stuck with their potato skins and brownie dessert. The potato skins were great. I liked that they top them off with fresh bacon. Also  but their eats were pretty solid!" "Great bar. Great food. Down the street from Chase Field if you plan on seeing a game. Definitely when I come into town We ordered the sliders and the BBQ ribs. Both were really tasty. The restaurant was fun and full of music and sports memorabilia. A great place before a baseball game. One final note. There is a silent auction going on at all times. The memorabilia in the auction is certified and proceeds go to support charity."  awesome service.  Love the chili and live music.   Wings r fantastic. Naomii is an awesome server  had a tank top on with a flowered bra underneath.  She had pushed up her breasts so far that any minute I felt that something I didn't want to see was gonna pop out.  This is not Hooters!  There were children  which the owner happened to be there while I was. He was celebrating a birthday or something and obviously he doesn't know good food either because he's celebrating there. Just my two cents."  the Randy Johnson.  Typical barfood nothing with pizzazz. But a fun place to go before a baseball game. Moderately priced. Popplepassions would return." The make up they give the kids stains their skin for like 3-4 days!" Great photo ops we had to go there since we were in Phoenix according to my 16 yr old. Im glad we went we enjoyed the food and the staff were very nice !" We saw many orders of the ""big unit"" go by  the Body Worlds3 exhibit is an amazing collection of 200 authentic human specimens! Not for the faint (and probably not for younger children without a lot of explanation) "The Science Center has a lot of great things to offer.  I recently went for one of their ""Adult Night Out"" presentations -- this is a series of speakers and/or presentations tailored for a more mature crowd.   They hold them the first Friday of every month (which coincides nicely with the Artwalk).  Their normal displays need  to be updated or rotated a bit more often.  I've been there several times since last winter -- and they have not changed out the displays once.  They get additional points for the BodyWorld exhibition and planetarium (but these are extra charge).  I also wish they could offer validation for parking -- as it can get pretty expensive."  my parking was validated."  not worth going again unless something spectacular is happening." www.azscience.org/adults_night_out.php" Went to go see the Grand Canyon IMAX show.  It was so good!  3D and everything.  I keep telling all my friends to go check it out!  it describes how you would be stretched like spaghetti should you ever find yourself passing within a black hole's event horizon (not recommended). But I've been secretly brainstorming other uses for it all day." I checked out the science center at last nights first Friday of the month ""adults only night"".  Not only was admission free but they validated out parking making it free as well.  We were able to check out all of the exhibits with little or no wait and with adults only it was much less hectic than on a regular day."  their was not any ""ADULT"" type drinks. I wanted to see the Planetarium show but we missed it. Thats the only thing I would come back for period. The best thing was the ""Weather Demo"" it cooled me off and made me hot at the same time almost like an x love and the worst part is you will never get the time you spend here back. I'd say if you have a toddler they would enjoy the AZ Science Center that is all."  but I'm afraid of commitment."  and while I was not able to partake in the center's previous events due to the child-friendliness of said events  learn  about the position of stars in the night sky .It was very impressive.  They also have an Imax theater with several choices of movies.  And for you Trekkies out there  this place is seriously allot better with a beer in your hand. trust me." Note:  Until April 2010 you can get up to 4 free admissions with the Culture Pass There's a light rail stop a couple of blocks west of the Science Center if your riding t west if you don't want to drive here and look for parking."  but i always feel as if their can be more exhibits and better use of space. Maybe its the architecture but it just feels as if the place is bare. What they do have is interesting and really may depend on the specific exhibits that are showcased on how much you enjoy it."  but once is good enough for me." The Irene P Flinn Theater is  great. I went to see Sharks 3D here yesterday. I wasn't scared.  not fun and pointless.  You might as well take your kid to a Chuck E Cheese for fun and pointless.  At least they might walk away with a back scratcher or a kazoo "We took the kids yesterday. Taking the light rail was fun but once we got to the science center it was a 20 minute wait in line to get tickets even though there were ONLY three families in front of us. They really need to work on their admission process. We had been here before many times  full size Imax theater on site and they show movies like Under the Sea. I am a big fan of the Imax and have been swept away into different worlds many times here. Adults Night Out is just that  but I'm sure things don't change too drastically. But it is a fun place to get out of the sun for an afternoon if you've never been." "Disappointing. They spend all their money on the major travelling exhibits (Body Worlds  making a point to attend in any big city I travel to.  The exhibits seem lacking (even in simple terms) of the magic behind the science... hence probably why the feedback this place is so kids orientated." I felt like the other exhibits on the 3rd floor wasn't too interactive but the other floors had interesting stuff and I would bring my future kids here. They have exhibits on being green I believe they were under construction on the facade so maybe something better will come on the horizon." What makes the ASC so great in my opinion is what they do for continuing science education. Have you ever had the opportunity to take a course at the ASC? Or a summer camp? The Arizona Science Center goes out of its way to make it an incredible learning experience for you or your child. They have rooms in their basement packed full with science equipment  but it was still pretty cool. What I really enjoyed was the theater in the middle of the first floor that exhibited science lab experiments for kids. I've been to better science centers One of the things I like so much about the AZ Science Center is the interactivity. I've taken my son to the Children's Museum of Phoenix a number of times and that just feels like playing. Here Love body worlds! Can't wait to go back!  Puts a new spin on how you view the body.  I'm donating my body to science now. Took the family to Body Worlds today. All I can say is.... Get there early .... lots of attendees ... very crowded. Very educational ... wonderful displays. Highly recommend getting the audio tour. I have to say if I had children I would definitely take them to expose them to this amazing insight to our bodies.  A young Mom was there with a 4 year old & was explaining to her daughter what she was seeing "The Ultimate Yelp Party 2011 was a smash hit. Great Food....Great Drinks....Great Music....Great Exhibits...Great Entertainment....Great Activities.....Great Staff.....Did I say everything was great.....LOL....Well I have to say I had a GREAT time as well. There is nothing in the world quite like a Yelp party....and once again the staffers at Yelp did not disappoint. Now the only reason I gave it 4 stars had nothing to do with the establishment.....or any of the other GREAT things I mentioned earlier...I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because we had to pay for parking which we didn't have to do at the Botanical Gardens last year.....and Secondly because the Botanical Gardens Party last year was GREAT....GREAT....and REALLY GREAT. Now with all that being said Yelp done a great job as usual....and I am looking forward to Next year's Ultimate Yelp Party. Eat The special exhibits are what draws us back to the Arizona Science Center.  From the Titanic to Body Worlds What a fabulous place.  We had a blast last night and we can't wait to come back with the twins.  and this place was really sweet.  I think we had the most fun playing around in the Human Body area.  There were many great exhibits though.  I look forward to going back sometime when I have more time to fully experience this place!" It was very disappointing to wait in line for one hour to buy a ticket for Body Worlds and then to find out at the ticket counter we'd need to wait over 2 more hours to get into the exhibit. Why no sign or greeter at the door to let us know that it would be 3 hours total wait? Big miss on their part and more than a few irritated people.  but my wife and I are tired of seeing the same old same old time and time again. For what they charge for admission  the planetarium and staff pull my rating all the way up to 5 stars. You can see the prices online MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw Went to the Ultimate Science Fair held by Yelp. It was awesome. Tons of great people...walked out super toasty and full from yummy foods! Thanks Yelp! MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw  I am used to bigger and better museums.  I wish we had more here Wow... what a great time at he yelp event.!!! Very impressive night.  this place is expensive! and I do not know why cuz they've had the same exhibits for years and years and the exhibits seem to be more stripped down than they used to be. I mean really? an exhibit on building a house? How much more boring can an exhibit be? The Body world was cool  though not really a bit deal. Some exhibits I didn't have the opportunity to scrutinize as much as I would have liked. Most were fine though. My favorite part: seeing the suspended artery networks!"  Ill simply say GO!!.. thats all I feel I can say wthout rambing about how amazing this place is." At the end of the day my nephew even wanted to stay longer which was awesome.  It's fun for everyone :)"  so I will be back a second and possibly third time. I'm waiting for the next Groupon before I buy my ticket." "My classmate and I went to the arizona science center to do a group project. We found it to be quite interresting. We brought along our two little girls ages 4 and 6 and they enjoyed it a great deal. We also saw the body world exhibit that is currently on display. That exhibit was awesome. We learned so much from it. It was extremely interesting and an eye-opening experence for all of us. Even the little ones were askaing questions. The rest of the museum however is more for children MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw  nothing here will interest you. It seemed to all be for ignoramus or children. I was bored."  but luckily we were able to get in with the 3:30pm group. Body Worlds & The Brain was so interesting! We took our time & read every single description next to each display piece. Before we knew it we had gone through the entire exhibit in less than an hour. What bothered me though was the set up  it's not at the level of the Museum of Science and Industry (5 stars) This place is awesome.  So much fun for the kids! So $17 dollars i killed an hour and half at most. This place is really meant for kids....children....under 12...because I even think any kid above 12 would find this place a little boring. I can't believe they even have a membership program...who would want to come here more than once?"  minors and seniors get discounts to be admitted. Try and remember that as you go in." I always leave the Arizona Science Center feeling a little underwhelmed  there are some vegetarian options! They do not offer strollers or lockers at the center. They also have a fun little gift shop with everything science (of course) related called Awesome Atoms. If you hate learning in a fun manner  this was an awesome experience. The staff were super friendly and were willing to actually give you some personal attention. They demonstrated all of their gadgets and gizmos. Again super friendly. So even though this museum is designed for kids  but I can only handle so many middle schoolers at time before I want to scream."  they have tons of cool little sections with things to do.  It is not cheap but we got the annual pass for the exhibits this year since we did the maze and we wanted to come back for the pirate and the Van Gogh exhibit coming next.  Now back to the pirate exhibit "This place often has interesting exhibits. The one they showcased when I went was on the history of a pirate ship and crew Just came back from the Pirate Exhibit!  Loved it!  I had purchased a bogo free ticket from Groupon a month or so ago so wanted to wait for the crowds to die down before going.  So glad I purchased those.  The exhibit is truly amazing!  I really lived out my childhood fantasy since seeing the Goonies when I turned around the corner and saw a pirate chest full of coins just sitting there.  My eyes lit up as if I were five.  So cool!  Right by that show stopper they had an exhibit display where you could actually touch the coins.  They had many artifacts from this lost sunken pirate ship on display and gave a great overall view of life for the pirates spread throughout.  A++  sometimes it's filled with school groups. If you are not in the mood for crowds  my tip would be to make an afternoon of it. Hit Rose and crown for an app and a drink. then SC for a bit. then Bianco for pizza and wine. then get the hell out of my down town you freaking tourist driving the wrong way on a 1 way street (the other tip; READ THE STREET SIGNS or pay the price). Dueces." We didn't go to the IMAX theater/Planetarium  great place to spend the day!" Maybe if you have little kids this museum is fine but it truly was an incredible rip off and not very enjoyable in my opinion." "Went for the Van Gogh experience -- one screen wasn't working and those entering the area weren't told -- not good!  I enjoyed viewing/listening; it was interesting and a different experience MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw It's OK for teens but the younger children we saw there were bored to the point of being somewhat disruptive." p.s.  The exhibit's $25 fee includes admission to the rest of the exhibits within AZ Science Center.  Please note that the Van Gogh exhibit can only be entered and exited once  but that's really cool.  This is a warning.  If you are going in the morning during the school year "Van Gogh Alive...amazing!  This was such a great way to view Van Gogh's art and be immersed in the music of that time.  $25 is a lot for an art exhibit I went to see the Van Gogh exhibit.  It was fantastic!  My only complaint is that I could hear kids screaming pretty loudly out in the science center exhibits.  It took a little bit away from my experience.  there should have been an original painting or two for people to see.  This exhibit was not worth the $25 in my opinion.  Save your money for a museum that can exhibit his originals."  get an annual pass. They really make you feel special - they called me the day they mailed the passes to thank me for being a member and to let me know they were on the way. The admission you pay can be used to ""upgrade"" your pass to an annual if done on the same day."  at least. They validate parking which is free for the first hour."  and the entire science center in a relaxed setting. It was alot of fun as always!" I will have to go back and get in touch with my inner child."  for arranging this.  it was the 2nd Yelp event my wife and I attended and can't wait to see more." My children are girls and they are 10 & 6." We look forward to going back and buying the family membership!"  there are some great and interesting exhibits which makes spending the afternoon there worthwhile. Good place to check out at least once but their exhibits are ever-changing so return trips are more than possible."  it was a full day worth of fun and exploration.  Totally worth it just make sure to bring the hand sanitizer." "I went here for frys free weekend yay thanks frys and thanks to laura for telling me about it! I love this place best museum ever. I'm from San Francisco and I'd say this museum is a mix of the exploratorium and the academy of science. Place is amazing I'm for sure bringing my little brother here not so little brother that is he's 21! The place is soo boob.com!! I'm a nursing major and the found the anatomy and brain department amazing. I spent like 615644 hours there. The exhibits were so cool my favorites were this thing that slides over the body and does a scan over the body showing the parts letting you click on the screen while you glide the x-ray panel. Breath taking All and all a great place I do wish they had a older kid time as the little ones have a difficult time sharing which makes it hard for the older kids to actually get the 'science' out of an exhibit."  so it was a little more for younger ones.  We still had fun and learned a few things! I thought it was a little expensive  we couldn't get it all done in the time we got there.  We should have gotten there when it opened.  The kids didn't want to leave and we didn't even do the Planatarium.  They had games that could be played   and informative and the museum itself was clean.  We went yesterday and had a blast.  The food in the cafeteria was actually good and reasonably priced.  The only downside is that it is VERY EXPENSIVE.  Your admission fee doesn't cover an special exhibits or shows so be prepared to spend big bucks."  but this museum was so small.  The attractions the museum did have were cool and definitely elementary school aged kid friendly.  It just wasn't anything out of the ordinary."  to dial tone.  ARGHHH and frustration abound. They now make all teachers wanting a Title One field trip to go to a worthless class. No exceptions even by experienced educators.  I mean really???? A class on how to learn how to go on a field trip? ""ReallyTIMES2?"" This is is a slap in the face for educators. It would take too long to explain all the problems we had but rest assured it was the worse customer service in the world trying to book our field trip. It took us three months to finally close the deal. There is absolutely no excuse for this. You would think in this economy they would be happy for our business. One phone call had me hanging up on the woman because she was so horribly rude! I will update the review after the trip Mary Beth from the museum contacted me this morning after reading this review in an attempt to make my experience better. I was most impressed by the call. I will update my review after we take the trip. I appreciated the reach out. "The kids had a great time. Tons to do. if I could offer a suggestion they should have a worker at the Forces of Nature display at all times. Everywhere else is well staffed by nice "The Science Center provided a day of fun for my family. We ranged in age from 4-65 and all of us had a blast. If it hadn't been so chilly we would have played outside a lot longer. The Lego transportation room provided quite the challenge for all of us. Of course  we didn't get to see everything in the museum but could quickly tell it wasn't up to par what other cities offer." After this long complaint you may be wondering why I gave them two stars instead of just one.  The one saving grace was that the museum had at least some educational properties to it Great museum.  Great location.  Easy parking.  Fantastic for kids.  Amazing homeschool classes.  I highly recommend getting a membership if you find a good deal. The actual exhibit was interesting. The only way to get from the ticket counter to the exhibit was a small Great time! Lots to touch and play with and learn! Took our 5 year old daughter with the Summer Pass.  including the daily demonstrations usually doing a science experiment.  Stop by the dorance planetarium to watch a show or the IMAX. The IMAX is fun but an extra fee We were very impressed about how modern the Arizona Science Center is! The exhibitions were really interesting and seems to be a great place to visit as a family!  8 and 11 and they weren't that impressed with the place.  I sure wasn't." Tip: Look for a summer pass from Living Social for reduced membership. Maybe that's offered other times of the year as well."  a great night out!  Grab a Groupon and make it a date night.  ;)" We went to see Sesame Street Bodies this past weekend and 5 of the exhibits were broken in that area. Such a bummer when we paid extra to play there. We are members and usually loving going but I think we thought it would be more for what it was. Of course we will go back for the rest of the exhibits but be a bit weary of the Sesame Street one until they fix stuff up!  the nervous system display tags the spinal cord as the brachial plexus. Very disappointing rookie mistake." "We LOVE the AZ Science Center so much that we recently became members and plan to go often. We love the exhibits and the fact that they change out the special exhibits often. I do recommend packing a lunch as the cafe is a bit pricey  I thought the museum was okay.   There were some things that were different from other science museums.   But  especially when temp gets hot. Not as large or innovative as the Exploratorium in San Francisco but an excellent time. One day should be plenty for the kids to see everything. Season passes are worth the money. Wish they would change the main parts throughout the year besides just the special exhibits  it will probably stand as one of my fondest memories of 2013. A day spent learning  there were only 2 beer servers and 1 wine server for many many people. The line went painfully slow and it made it hard to use the drink tickets and visit the center. Many people were actually giving away their tickets because the line was too long. I would attend another ANO again but I hope that they make some changes in the future to the above mentioned things." The architecture was gorgeous. Building is quite pretty and modern. I can't help but feel that there isn't much to see inside though. There were nice exhibits but it could have been a lot better if they added more substance. We went on Veterans Day and the had a poster for the kids to sign for our Military services men and women." "I love the AZ Science Center. My son and I have been coming here for the last 7 years and we love it each time we are here. The center has their permanent exhibits but they always have something new and fun thru out the year so regardless of how many times you go Fun for everyone young and old ! Overall I would definitely do it again but would not pay for the  movie." If you have a toddler best time to come is when school is in session and after 1pm. This place gets packed with school groups in the mornings." AZ science center is great for kids and fun its good for ages 5-11 it has great activities and i have no problem with it I'm really looking forward to see what's next after Snow Week and now that I know how much fun Snow Week is from going this year This place has gone down hill. What used to be in the normal exhibits are now in a paid exhibit hall. It's sad that they have resorted to that to make money. I won't be renewing my membership. The museum is designed for kids. They run in front of you for all the activities. If you're there as a family I'm sure the experience is way better. My wife and I enjoyed it but if we were still waking up for Saturday morning cartoons I'm sure it would be more fun.  even with validation ($8).  There were four floors of exhibits for the children to explore.  Lots of hands-on fun.  My boys really enjoy building the dam to see if it can hold the 85-gallon tank of water.  The human body display was excellent and so was the water-balls display on the first floor." All and all I will surely be back again  this a wonderful and even fun place. Very interactive with lots to do. However  minus at lead one for the cost and many broken exhibits." The water play area was the highlight.  Though my four year old was entertained. . by 2.5 hours we had saw all we needed to see.  I couldn't imagine getting a membership here. . .there just isn't enough to come back to over-and-over again."  I am glad my trip there was free." KucBnMrhalzxnD9AWrxwYQ I do not see why the Arizona Science Center needs my name in order for me to visit."  2014. They did an EXCELLENT job from the first phone call  to the end of the party. Children and adults had a wonderful time and many of the guests took advantage of the free admission to the Center following the party. Five or six staff members were present throughout the party and assisted with activities  but I wouldn't waste money on a membership. It gets old fast."  this place is a bit better for kids than for adults - it's not quite extensive enough to draw me there on a special trip.  They seem to feature interesting exhibits failry often  so a weekday visit would probably be much easier on your nerves."  enough that I would say it is worth getting a membership. During really hot weekends it is a great place to bring the kids to run off energy. I do not recommend spending money on the extra exhibits. So far we have seen the Ripley's exhibit and a couple shows at the planetarium and were very disappointed Lots of fun stuff. Planitarium really neat. Great learning and hands on for kids and the kids at heart. "GREAT place for families with young and adolescent children. The science center has 4 floors of exhibits plus a lobby with a cafe and gift shop. They also have special birthday party packages and summer camps. Ask about the ""bundles"" and ""membership"" because the IMAX Overall I think the Arizona Science Center is a great way to spend the day. I have most certainly been to other science museums in other big cities which have been better but I still had a great time. I would reccommend going here to check it out  I always get entertained by all the cool stuff they offer. You can even get your parking validated for discounted rates. You can learn a lot of stuff by going there. I recommend going to the extra exhibits if you are wiling to shell out a little bit more money. They have a new 4th floor of eco friendly stuff you can explore now too!" "Cool for children... Not so much for adults. I came especially for the mummy exhibit and I was kind of disappointed. I liked the little computer stations that talked about Egypt and the actual mummy. Other than that "I bought a Groupon for 2 adults for the Arizona Science Center. It was my first visit and I was eager to see the Lost Egypt exhibit. We paid for our son separately. I was a little disappointed with the Lost Egypt exhibit but overall The Arizona Science Center is a pretty cool place for adults looking to break the mold  badder museum.  I guess this just goes to show why this State is ranked in the bottom 5 nationally in all things related to the education of children.  Too bad." "Best place for children and adults to go! Absolutely love this place  but had purchased tickets for the cosmic coasters show at the planetarium. So we went to the Lab Cafe and spent $10 on a sandwich and soda. I think that we would have had more fun if all the ""cool"" stuff wasn't extra. If you want to do all this be prepared to spend an extra $40 and that is with out getting anything to eat." It's a great museum for kids with lots of interactive learning. For two adults it was just ok. We probably would've liked the Egyptian display but didn't have enough time to make it worth another $20. The Ancient Ales that we had the privilege of tasting were fantastic but unfortunately only 1 or 2 of the breweries made it the whole 4 hours. We spent most of our night waiting in line for the breweries whose booths were open and didn't get a chance to see much of the Science Center  youths and young at heart. Worth the money. Go early as there are tons to see. So easy to spend the whole day there. ENJOY LEARNING!" "This is definitely a place for families with kids under 10. I've been to many science museums across the US and have walked out completely amazed by the exhibits and ""special exhibits"" that you pay extra for. After my first time to this particular museum My son gives it 3 stars and so do I." While at the science center you will encounter friendly's staff throughout the building.  The staff is willing and eager to assist  patrons learn and enjoy the exhibits. There are so many hands-on things to see and do All the kids around had lots of fun... The place was smaller than expected  but very informative for the little ones....  fun and informative. While visiting we decided to watch the 3D IMAX documentary on Great White Sharks. My 7 year old girl was fascinated and enjoyed the documentary very much (highly recommend). Fun place for both children and adults!" Amazing!!! Glad we bought a membership as after 2 hours still had lots to explore!!!! Can't wait to go back!!! This is such a great place to go over and over again.  The exhibits are always changing and interesting to both kids and those that are just kids at heart!  Ohio which is MUCH smaller than Phoenix and we have a wonderful science center/museum so I was really excited to see how great a huge city like Phoenix's science center was. But boy was I wrong. It's pretty small for what I was expecting There are some parts that you have to pay to get in though." I love this place and my kids love this place.  We have been members for years.  The best part is this membership gets us into other museums throughout the US for free or for a big discount. Does he like the Science Center better than the Children's museum? It's hard to say. But for a half off yearly pass We visited the Science Center for the first time today.. And my kids loved it! We're from the Midwest .. So I was excited to see what this science center had to offer since it was 4 floors. Our kids are 7 and 12 and they had tons of great learning activities for them. We also seen Galapagos IMAX 3D show which I was impressed with and also kept my kids attention for 40 minutes. My only complaint would be there were alof of really neat exhibits we would of loved to do that were broken or shut down.. That was disappointing. But we will definitely return again soon.. And I'm also thinking about getting a membership for the year. "We came here as part of our spring break staycation.  The kids had an absolute blast.  Plenty of activities for kids of all ages.  The only concern is you are nickled and dimed on all the extras like iMax and the Planetarium.  Other than that Groups on a Friday. Couldn't get near the exhibits. Really poor sound control. School groups treated the place as a playground throwing items "Completely unaccommodating if you have an infant. They apparently have no hot water or microwaves in the entire building to thaw frozen milk. I asked the cafe worker and the lady at the ticket desk  just ask for directions and people are more than happy to assist you."  or completely uninteresting. (What finish would you chose for your bathroom? Why does any child care about that?) For $42 for 2 adults and a 3 year old they should keep up the place. And any additional attractions are more money. Such a ripoff."  whether it is a 5 star or a 3 star depends on the exhibit at the time.  Parking can be a little bit of a pain downtown.  If I had a friend in town I don't think I would bring them here unless the exhibit was over the top.  Great for kids though." It was so much fun to explore the science center with not much of a crowd but yet a decent crowd. Everyone looked like they were having a great time relaxing & enjoying being a kid at heart. Definitely recommend going! It's a must experience for adults. A chance to be a kid with no kids around" The place has excess school groups of kids and you can't enjoy the experience. Went early and could not see the displays. Kids screaming and running with no discipline. lots of hands on exhibits that are lots of fun"  but they ran out of beer." Today was a good day." Con: You have to pay extra for planetarium and other special exhibits so it can add up. Food in the cafe was also very expensive and not very tasty at all." "Such a disappointment. After paying over $60 for myself and 2 young daughters (who could NOT wait to go here) just to enter....we spent 5 hours fighting Mesa public school children for our turn on anything. I feel tickets should be discounted to the public when there are this many children on a field trip or they should close one day a month for field trips only. My kids were pushed out of line "My family loves the Arizona Science Center.  We love it so much we have a 1-year membership that I recently activated so that we have somewhere to go to beat the Arizona summer heat!  I actually got the 1-year membership through Groupon (which saved us a lot of $$).  We'll be coming here more often thanks to that!  We came here last Saturday and it was packed!  Anyway  but the only exhibits I remember are the mirror panel that allows two people to ""Swap"" facial features  but maybe that's possibly because it can't handle adult weight. The sneezing display was very funny. The spinning pole display was questionable but maybe I have my mind in the gutter."  entertain & educate but man I would think the one variable exhibit would be included as a member instead of scamming you once you get in for a 30' room exhibit. See my pic for the *additional* costs." One of our favorite Sunday afternoon places to visit. Great visiting exhibits an fun interactive permanent features. Where else can you experience a monsoon and get pooped out of a digestive tract display?  it seems like some parents use it as a daycare center. Thats the impression I got. I did bring my 9 year old who is well behaved. Each room is as if someone let the monkeys loose in the banana cage. Its chaotic. If you plan to visit with your husband Skip it. Really. Take your child to a Sci-Fi movie or buy them a book." I have been a few times and they rotate some of the displays.  Some displays were not in operation (so hopefully they get those fixed regularly).  I would recommend 2-3 hours to see all the exhibits. If pressed for time Do not pay extra for grossology it was not worth it. The displays were really worn and eith too loud or not loud enough. The inside you exhibit is basically the same but waaaayyy better and included in the museum general admission.  3 stars because I felt a bit ripped off The science center in nyc - you can learn about the psychology behind vision and how your brain tricks you... there was the largest gingerbread cookie village for a while 1st Friday of the month is adult night and it was free! Was cool in the planetarium where they had a 3d art show. Very interesting and no kids which was a bonus.  I would. Drove the family downtown to see an imax feature that was posted on fandango only to discover that the Science Center doesn't update their times online. Turns out the feature wasn't playing. For a ""science"" center to be so far behind on tech updates is baffling and disappointing." "They should really change the name of this place to The Arizona Kids Place. It is by no means a Science Center. Awesome experience!! So much fun for the whole family!! So much stuff to do!! The planetarium is my favorite! The kids love the bicycle on the high wire.  so many people! I'm happy they had a kid free zone. So us big kids can get in on the fun stuff they have to offer." Overall it was a great place and my kids really enjoyed it! Definitely plan on coming back next time we are in Arizona!!" What a great place with great staff! We bought a living social deal and went this past Sunday. Our kids were having so much fun except for one who kept saying he wanted to go home. Eventually he threw up :( poor guy. The staff didn't make a big deal about it at all and re issued us tickets so we can come back when he was feeling better! This place truly cares! Thank you so much!  but my kiddo enjoyed the concrete water play area and the home builder exhibits. I wish there was seating in the water play area - only a concrete wall to lean against. Some tyrannical older children who are allowed to roam wild without parent supervision can ruin areas or a day here."  they are interactive.  Using diverse mechanics from kinetic springs and counterweights to complex servos and reclaimed wi-fi video game controllers.  And everything in between.  Take the time to study the plaques in each display the information and story behind his creations and inspiration help draw a connection to the art.  I have taken my kids to many past temporary exhibits  so I am assuming it was a school group) were just standing there looking at them.  The children continued to scream throughout the entire show to where we couldn't even hear it at all.  I know it's not the science center's fault but it was absolutely appalling that their parents let them do it and no one else was there to tell them to be quiet.  I am a mother of 3 young kids (but we homeschool) and I am capable of controlling them so that the museum is an enjoyable experience for all.  People Pretty cool to take the kids there for a day to have fun learning Kids have fun and learn a little something too...now that's a great day!!  Be careful "Snow during the holidays to play outside on the front yard is awesome! The four levels of exhibits are very nice quality and educational. The exhibits seem to be appealing for kids 3-13. I would definitely say admission price is a bit steep being that adults are there to chaperone kids and if 2 adults went with a child  I had a good time here. I can definitely see how kids would just have an absolute blast. All the interactive displays even taught me a thing or two that I forgot from the school days. Would be cool to see a larger electricity  we even learn and try new things!  I don't know about anyone else-but we were there almost 3 hours.  The boys b-days are coming up the end of the month and they've already requested to go to the Science Ctr again-they'll be 8 & 9."  played with all kinds of informative interactive games and enjoyed watching the enjoyment of children discovering and learning new things." Uberconsumer tips: check out the new Create Space and Maker's space on the side.  Sign up for a camp or workshop off the web sight and don't forget to get your parking stub validated. Buy the family year pass and save. Look for the Groupon deals and save more." "Love this place! It could use some more presentations from local scientists The science center is a great place for children and adults. Everything is hands on and educational. The staff at the Science Center and the Create Center were very friendly. While we were at the Creat Center we made cute toys to take home!  I think you'll definitely enjoy learning about random scientific phenomenons and won't realize where the time has gone!"  saves a bit of $$ so make sure to check for deals before heading that way!" "Fantastic and relatively inexpensive spot for the family. Along with IMAX 3D documentaries (constantly changing); the exhibits are great for kids of all ages.  Great outdoor areas around for hanging out. New CREATE section of the center allows you to print items on a 3D printer Fun place for kids and adults to learn and spend quality time together.  The bike attraction was not open but everything else was good.  I really enjoyed the IMAX theatre.  I like to support educational places like this and hope they will keep investing in new and better attractions - then I can add some stars to this review.  I bought a membership pass and plan on returning with guests and friends. "This was a really fun experience! I was in town visiting and this was something I wish I could of done all day long. The exhibits are incredible and extremely fascinating. My favorite part of the center was the forces of nature weather simulator which was a sight to see. I recommend spending the entire day here with friends and family. It's good for all ages! Even adults will find themselves interested in all the cool things in there! Also So great for the kids. The price is steep but the experience is definitely worth it. Try to check their schedules online before you go though for shows etc'  with new things coming and going all the time! I have attended corporate events here. Saw traveling exists. Had birthday parties for 5 year old little girls. Really will put together place." I had bought a membership here because at the time I was homeschooling my son so I figured it would be a great learning environment. Well the fact that you pay so much and still pay for parking I would think it would come with the membership it does give you a discount but still. It seems a lot of the exhibits are outdated or look old... The cafe is pricey and the food doesn't look so appetizing maybe I'm wrong cause we never ate there. I also think with a membership you should be able to get into the featured exhibits which is extra. We enjoyed the weather exhibit... Pretty much everything else was blah even for my kid. Just purchased the year season pass for this place for my son and he loves it! So much to do! Very educational awesome pass time for those long summer weeks. Definitely recommend this place.  but some of the displays were not working or not that responsive. I'd go there again if I was in the area." Fun for all ages. Two adults had a few hours before attending a Diamondbacks game. We wanted to be in air conditioning to avoid the 112 degree Phoenix afternoon. The time we spent in the Science Center was unexpectedly enjoyable. The exhibits were well thought out and participatory. The activities for children were either fun to do as an adult or fun to watch children do. We used a Groupon deal to buy our tickets. "Really a fun place for the kids to learn. Everything is interaction with the kids. Kids were willing to learn about science. Best thing about this place  but that makes for a rotten trip for everyone else. My 3 year old was actually PUSHED by another kid who kept following us exhibit to exhibit and trying to shove my boy out of the way. At this point I want to grab the brat and shove him out of the way but that's how the cops get called. In short  I haven't been their in some time and still they got some much going on and they keep it lively by channing it up and getting you to think and do as well as get ypu up of that couch and get movie They always have fun things for adults and children Fun place to bring young kids. My two nephews were busy the entire time we were here. Only feedback is to increase the employee's efficiency at the entrance. Time took way too long to pay to get in. "My husband and I are both visiting Phoenix and are science nerds. We thought great! The science center is super close to our hotel. It was very expensive. For two adults and two shows (4 tickets total) it was over $70! It was strongly advertised as ""for all ages"". It should be named the Phoenix CHILDREN'S Science Center. Pretty disappointing for the money. For children  i decided that I wouldn't be renewing our membership. Im glad this happened on the day I was going to renew and not tomorrow." "Intel sponsored a Family Week At the museum and we had a fantastic Regular membership exhibits still awesome!" "My husband and I have lived in Chandler 18 years now & this is my third time to the Arizona Science Museum. I brought my brother and nephew from Iowa here today. When I worked at the Motorola Computer Group in Tempe from 1998 - 2002 as an admin in engineering Great place for people of all ages!!!  I could easily spend my entire day on the third floor playing in the weather simulator. I love that they host different exhibits so there's always something new to try. My daughter loves the water area outside and the kid zone towards the back of the first floor. They have a great deal for season passes so this is an excellent air conditioned space to come and enjoy with the family."  you get out what you put into it. So stay off your phones and interact with your kids if you'd like them to actually learn something."  and it isn't very visible from any major streets. But the Hall of Flame is worth the trip -- for both kids and their grown-ups."  I try to think of it objectively. I think they have a lot of interesting stuff if you're into firefighting or have little kids at home. I think it's presented well and theoretically could be entertaining if historical firefighting antiques/artifacts interest you "I visited this place on a recent vacation to Tempe and it was the highlight of my trip. I am an ex firefighter and this place brought back many memories. My favorite was the Hall of Heros  started was a single fire engine.  It was given as a gift and from there it grew.  I'm not a fire fighter aficionado this place was cool. the exhibits were great the kids play area was awesome. we just wish the people greeting us and selling us our tickets were nice. they were down right rude. they seemed annoyed with us  before we even finished paying. maybe because we redeemed a groupon? not sure but it really made of upset. the kids had fun and we enjoyed all the old vintage fire truck "My husband is a Firefighter and my Son loves this place. Warning! People who work there are RUDE and real grouchy!! I do not refer people there strictly due to them. I would not want any of my friends to be treated so poorly. I do take my son just because he is so obsessed with anyting to do with Firefighting. I thought about having his birthday party there "My four year old begs constantly to go to the ""fire museum."" The collection of antique firefighting vehicles/equipment is AMAZING. The kids love being able to get onto a real engine fKwCjTBOmwcbl4XtYRZToQ "LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  We had my 4 year old son's birthday party at the fire museum and everything was fantastic!  The kids were all taken on a firetruck ride  my heart and head go back to the time I was transported as I crossed the threshold to a most intriguing museum of bravery and heroes - The Hall of Flame - Museum of Firefighting!"  8 and 11 year old kids and they had an absolute blast. So much to see and do for all ages. I really liked finding the fire dept patches from my hometown in Illinois in the patch exhibit. I would highly recommend this place for a couple hour getaway." The staff is amazing here. Really great people who are passionate about the trucks. Highly recommend visiting. fKwCjTBOmwcbl4XtYRZToQ  this is so old school.  They hand you a 3 ring binder to take you through the tour.  They do not have information cards at each fire truck.  You have to read this small print in the 3 ring binder while minding your children.  The old guy at the front desk was grouchy on top of it all.  Don't waste your money.  Make a donation to the fallen fire fighters instead." This museum is a must if you are interested in history. It is truly top notch. Dozens of perfectly restored wagons and engines from the last 3 centuries of fire fighting. The descriptions on the walls and in the binder they give you are well written and interesting. This museum is a labor of love and it shows in all the attention to detail. Quaint yet fascinating museum that explores the history of firefighting in the USA and abroad. Reasonable admission costs. Very fun place for kids and adults. fKwCjTBOmwcbl4XtYRZToQ  as a firefighter this museum acts as a window to the past. Every piece is original. There are no replicas. The staff was wonderful Went today and it was fun.  The volunteers were very knowledgable.  $6 for entry fee. "My son and I had an amazing time. It was perfect for my ""future"" firefighter. The gentleman working was great with my son and very informative. It was a lot more interesting than I had anticipated. We will definitely be back."  the museum itself is great and my 3 year old loves it but the woman working there is always RUDE and the toys in the kids area are FILTHY. The place is usually pretty empty other than a few toddler/preschool age kids and maybe one or two adults roaming around. I definitely think the kids are keeping this place open so maybe they should take that into consideration at the front desk and when it comes to cleanliness. (Seriously  my interest in fire trucks can only be stretched so far  it was super hot in the museum. I don't think they have a/c there. It made the trip less fun when it was about the same temp inside as outside in the middle of July." I highly recommend it for families." I took my 14 year old niece and my toddler.  This place really is for older children.  There is only one real fire engine that my toddler could play on "Such nice docents and the museum itself is first class - a really fun activity if you are visiting Phoenix  then this place is great. This is not a place to go if you have young children that want to climb on everything. You are not even allowed to touch the railings that surround the fire trucks. The children's exhibit and the one firetruck that you are allowed to climb on seem like an afterthought.  Beware of the old men at the front as well "Great for the whole family.  Incredibly restored fire engines.  Lot's of cool things to see!   Definitely worth the visit.  You won't have to fight crowds either  this is the place! It's the world's largest museum collection dedicated to fire fighting. Make sure you spend a few hours here. It's very interesting and informative." Wonderful experience!! The guides were helpful and informative! Very easy to walk through and you can take as many pictures and videos as you want. They even rang an old bell and turn style siren for my son. They also have a great kids area for experiential play and a guidebook companion that gives history on the rigs. Also very cheap!! - awesome exhibit but taking my 5 and 2 year old boys was a handful"  mostly exhibits so smaller kids might get bored easily. There is a small play area for children but it was dirty and not a lot to do. Lastly "My husband and I were visiting the area and I found this place when searching ""things to do"" on yelp. We enjoyed it." What a hidden gem! This fire museum is a must see for everyone. All will love it. Wonderfully put together. Has an interactive area for kids as well as a fire truck you can get up on! What a wonderful way to beat the heat in AZ ! Thanks to this wonderfully family for bringing it to all who want to experience fire trucks and history first hand. This place was soooo cool! My husband was a fire man at the time of the visit and when we walked in the gentleman greeted us and began blabbing to my husband and ended up paying my admission and my daughters because he said he wanted to thank my husband for his services to the community. Way unexpected and nice. My husband was let in for free. Very cool attractions here. All kinds of old fire trucks even new ones. They have a little play area for kids to dress up and play. Big place we spent a good 2-3 hours here. They have a little gift shop when u first walk in. Some very cool shirts. I would come back again if in the area. "DOUBLE CAUTION: this place is cool to check out but if you plan on bringing your kids beware of the elderly people who work/volunteer here. The woman especially was quite mean to my seven year old. They have plastic toy fire trucks for sale out on display in the gift shop and my boys were touching them. The lady yelled at them to stop touching them. My 7 year old promptly apologized which was ignored by her. She then proceeded to lock them up in a display case as she grumbled and sighed. Note "Lots of cool stuff to see for my fire truck and fire fighting obsessed kids to enjoy. Didn't appreciate rudeness from museum staff at a place that naturally attracts young children. Upon entry  much more. I shop this store frequently even bring out-of-towners here. My aunt sometimes makes trips from central california just to shop here. Check it out." Friendly and helpful associates - such a great experience!!" This is the place to take out of town guests to find those unique imported items"  we bought a lot of things!  We were there for the latest wave of outdoor patio decorations. Left with 2 big pots "Very cool place...HUGE! Lots of nooks and crannies with a wonderful selection of Day of the Dead- themed items. I bought two DOTD-themed tiles for $9 each. Wish I could have bought more LOVE This place - looked on YELP for Mexican pottery for my patio and as usual YELP doesn't disappoint. Great selection of all things Mexico - including great pottery at really good prices.  and miscellaneous items.  The prices are very good and the owner and employees are friendly and helpful.  We always have a good time there Juan and Alex were very friendly anD help. Their products are good quality and prices are fantastic!  I was quoted a price and an estimated turn-around time.  I will return again when I need great framing done that will last a lifetime or more.   Thank You Pat and Robert!" "We entrusted Robert Hilton with the framing of a lithograph by a modern American artist and couldn't be happier with the result.  These guys are every bit as good as the frame shop we used to rely on frequently in Brooklyn  courteous and professional. They are always ready with expert framing advice with years of experience behind them. They take the time to do the job right and yet come through for me in a hurry when I need a large job done fairly quickly for an upcoming event. I highly recommend Pat and his staff. Be sure to take a look at Pat's phenomenal photography when you stop by." "I had a delicate stitched piece that I needed framed done here and it was great service.  The biggest reason I decided to have the work done here is because I noticed a few art pieces that were done by the staff member I was speaking to.  I figured The fine gents here will take great care of you and they do beautiful work. I'll never use anyone else.  not to mention Scottsdale/Sedona/Jerome galleries - very high quality work at very reasonable prices. You will thank me! I live over an hour from Esprit Decor but I promise you I will never go anywhere else! (You should see my piece - really  & I firmly believe that their operation might possibly - be the BEST in Arizona! Their top shelf work defies logic & standard practices of most small business owners in the 21st century! A testament to this - is customers can utilize a LAYAWAY plan - to suit a budget  they take time to understand your tastes and home decor before they suggest framing looks.  Pat is an intelligent and well traveled artist that uses imagination and his years of experience to produce the best look for your works.  I would never consider any other place "Art pieces are special and intended to evoke an emotional tug.  Pat and team understand how to present a special piece in just the right frame. Of all the art I've collected Great business! I took a piece of art in to get a new mat and frame and from the second I walked in I noticed the great customer service! I told them that I wanted to keep it simple with a rustic frame and as soon as he put a couple options down I knew just what I wanted. My frame was done in 3 days and when I picked it up it looked even better than I imagined! This is my go-to framing store from now on. Couldn't be more pleased with their work and customer service. They have some amazing art on display as well and I'll be back again soon just to see if there is anything that would look great in my house. "I went to Egypt and bought some art (Papyrus) I am not a big art person but I really liked them and wanted something special to bring home for my house. I wasn't sure where I was gonna have them framed bit I knew I didn't want the do it yourself frame so per usual I yelped to find a company. These guys were not even 10 minutes away and had 5 stars on nearly every review. I stopped in the next day. I was met by one of the owners he was friendly and gave me a ton of options on how I could frame. He also gave me a tour of their place to explain their process and he took his time which was the best part. I was surprised as to how much framing costs it seemed expensive to me  What a great neighborhood framing shop!  We have had several pictures/art work framed with outstanding results.  They do quality work with a trained eye for what mat/color might look best!  We have never been disappointed and will continue to use Esprit Dcor for our framing needs.  reasonable and timely!  What more is there?  Will be back again."  what an incredible place.  The golf coarse view was amazing.  I had the Kobe burger at the Men's grill and it had to be one of the best burgers in Metro Phoenix." Phoenix Country Club ought to re-evaluate this woman.  She is a discredit to their business." 500 this might be the best value for your money.  Memberships were once selling for over $60 kwmbV7MLjNVnwjVGSzCndQ  but the renovation that was completed a few years ago really has made this club step up. If you want to visit one of the best places in Phoenix  come across one server that was less pleased with her job. I wont blame the country club for her actions though. :) I would recommend this meeting space to anyone."  though it was aerated recently.  Customer service is obviously touted here and it shows throughout the entire facility.  I had a nice experience and will definitely be back soon."  and the events that are offered to members are top notch!"  maybe the holiday  affect ed them.  We had their  salad  with  tuna.the tuna was nice and fresh and we'll seasoned . Their was a nice mix  including  chunks of avacardo.we also had a club  sandwich with Cajon shrimp .Service was good price was also reasonable"  but the club itself has that old time CC feel and swagger. The service is top notch and the attention to details is on point. I didn't see Ty Webb or Judge Smails here   since he handled our daughters wedding flawlessly but most of all the friendship and comaraderie within the club.  We just had our welcome back party which was off the top including BBQ  oystesr on the back terrace and the place was packed with young vibrant members. My husband and I play a great deal of golf and the course is so well groomed and offers various tee box locations for all types of golfers.  The fact we are still a vibrant club since 1899.........speaks for itself.  Thanks for all the memories. Kathleen"  but this is what you are paying for in any country clubs.  Food are great here and the views are very beautiful." "The food was delicious and the service was great!  The private room the bridal shower held in was lovely.  However  but I can tell you as a guest I am always treated courteously. The food is good "Best Blues and ""American Roots"" venue in Phoenix ... small and extreamly low stage ... place can pack up depending upon the act ..."  go to the Rhythm Room and shake what your momma gave you." They went on a run here in Sep/Oct where they were bringing solid acts what seemed like every week but I haven't heard much from them lately that caught my attention. Not touring season But overall I still had a great time at the show and was very appreciative of the 1.50 PBR special. Plenty of bar stools around the place (where you can still have a great view of the stage) to sit during open acts and breaks is also a huge plus. 3.5 stars."  there's a guy out back in a trailer selling pork sandwiches.  Not the greatest Apart from the lack of oxygen and the dungeon-like darkness with no windows and the boxy prison-like 4 walls and the cheap uncomfortable seating - this place is pretty charming. I kinda like seeing shows here... I don't love it I always have a great time here!  And now that you can't smoke it's even better!"  it's not the noise and the volume that bothers me. It's the inability to hear the vocals when the band is jammin' out. So Without the music this is just another dive bar - with the music I will check out who is playing the next time I am in town."  out of hundreds I've ever seen in many cities across the U.S.  then the bar has to follow certain rules. If you have not been to the Rhythm Room I highly suggest it. I found the staff to be very nice. There is also plenty of parking in their parking lot. Other artists that are going to be playing there in the up coming months are "I went to the Rhythm Room this past week to see a band that I have been waiting 14 years to see.  I was so relieved and impressed when I saw the sound guy taking his time to get the levels just right and listening from every corner of the room to be sure everyone was hearing the band at its best.  The servers and bartenders were nice and attentive even though there was a pretty large crowd.  The only thing that bugged me was the totally drunk guy wandering around yelling complete nonsense while the band played.  The bartenders clearly serve until you are a blubbering idiot.  I guess to some people this would get them another star  and the music is wonderful!"  and I'll definitely go back to check out their other musical offerings."  and the first band began playing at 9p.  I enjoyed the many bands that performed that night.  The acoustics of the room was very good considering the venue's history.  I did notice that the crowd here was an amalgam of various age groups This place is a must."  the drinks are strong and the staff is friendly. The only improvement this place needs is a Marquee sign to remind us of all the great shows happening on a nightly basis." "The Rhythm Room was the first blues bar I visited when I moved here to Arizona. I randomly showed up for their fall music festival.  I saw so many great local acts that I had no idea existed! And It was my first introduction to Big Pete Pearson.  That guy puts on a GREAT show and always interacts with the crowd and will talk to any random bar patron who wants to praise his performance or just talk music. The RR is also really good about showcasing newer bands from all over the country of all genres. The drinks are cheap though this venue caters to other genres of music Went there this past Saturday for Big Petes new CD release.  Always fun.  Waiting 15 minutes for a drink however is too long.  Older female bartender strategically ignores you unless she is bored.   Door guys were cool. Really not my kind of place. entered in from the rear of the bar and fell in love. The music last night was amazing!!! If you like good bluse music and kind of friendly people. "I really think this is my favorite place to see a show.  I haven't actually gone to see the regular house bands but I have been there to see some indie music groups and each time I was completely content with the sound.  Whether you choose to stay in the back by the bar or move in closer to the stage The musician's interaction with the crowd before and after shows is really cool.  This makes everyone involved feel like they're in the scene." The only thing I would like is that you could take your drinks out to the patio. With the admission of the 18+ crowd they have to confine the booze to one side and it's not the smoking side. I guess only once vice at a time." i had a blast at this sweet little spot." I'm rooting for you Rsquared." awesome! On more than one occasion I found myself coming to this place some acts are quite strange but that's what I go for.  Also cool bartenders and cool vibe throughout matt white once was playing his show shoe-less just real laid back kind of place although the crowd did get a little crazy during some mean theremin playing by a band whose name fails me at the moment...also if you like pabst blue ribbon look no further. "I love this place. Great music! If you live in town or are just passing through "I went here years ago when I was young and enjoyed dancing. I always felt sort of exposed the way the seating was. There is that long row of bar stools that makes you feel on display. Now I prefer listening to music rather than dancing to it (except at home where I often break into dance for no reason whatsoever.) So now I say I love you Rhythm Room. You make me feel like Goldilocks except without the long walk in the woods and home burglary part. You are not to hot  im a fan! Now if only we could get more bands to stop out here." "I tagged along last minute on Tuesday night with some friends to see They Promised Us Jetpacks. It reminded me a lot of Hollywood Alley but I like the Rhythm Room better somehow. Loud but not too loud Rhythm Room is awesome.  Saw some crappy Battle of the Bands here and didn't care for the music  but at least you can go outside to the patio to take a breather (even in the summer it still feels better).  21+ shows are great there "I've grown to love the Rhythm Room even though it's a little dive that's always too hot. Seems like there are always acts I'm interested in and not only is it usually pretty cheap to get in The Rhythm Room is a classic venue filled with true charm and culture. It's off the beaten bath which adds to its charm and I guarantee that you'll have a good time any day of the week."  because the music is always lusty and makes you wanna grind on someone in a slow good not slutty way! and if you are single there are always a boatload of pretty people to look at... this reminds me of going back in time whenever i can go see a good show here..." "some of my favorite memories are dancing the night away at the rhythm room! great bands  since I haven't found many that I like" "Rhythm Room is all about the music. Great place to see national acts in an intimate setting on the cheap. Good sound system and perfect views from every place in the room. I think the furthest you can ever be from the stage while in the main room might be 30 feet. I'm not a beer drinker but don't always want to dive into a bottle of Grey Goose  its time to reinvest your money to renovate/improve. They pull in great acts but almost always the venue pushes me away from seeing them. Not worth it."  cheap beer and great people watching!"  i'd say this is one of the many great venues in phx that can provide both in heavy doses."  great visiting bands. 'nuff said." Other than that I look forward to going again to see my favorite bands play and even be able to talk to them when I can work up enough nerve to do so. : )"  and I always have a good time. The place is a sort of a dive but the bar staff is fast and the bands sound good. Their prices for shows and drinks are reasonable and if the music is not fabulous the people watching always is."  the drinks are cheap and the big patio is perfect for breaks and fresh air between sets. Take a chance on an artist you've never seen (tickets are typically cheap) and try out this Phoenix gem - totally a part of history. It's pretty fun to think about all the blues artists who've played throughout the years."  held myself and cried. Definitely plan on grabbing a drink here in the very near future." "This place is ALWAYS a great time.  They have great bands roll through and the cover charge isn't bad either.  I come here whenever I feel like dancing the night away Clearly a dive bar with a minor kitsch look and feel. Not bad. We probably would have stayed longer had we felt like getting wasted and dancing with the oddball locals hanging there." Bright side: The audience is always diverse and rich with character!"  if you are into a diverse range of music and willing to see some indie awesomeness most definitely check this place out."  outside smoking area. Cheap drinks good small venue to see good bands.  place gets crowded so get there early for a good seat.  knock those damn barriers down! Open your club!"  pretty much...a room with a bar - and a stage.  It's a pretty small place so the performers are right up in your face...intimate performances.  The staff at the doors and the people behind the bar were all friendly and the crowd was pleasant...helped me to enjoy the time that much more.  I certainly would love to see any other of my favorite artists gig it up there in the future.  Thanks for hosting the good times Rhythm Room!"  it is dark and it is loud. No kids "THE best place in Phoenix to see a live band. I have been here a few times for the Red Elvises Feel free to bathe before going.....its close quarters The drinks are cheap.. the bartenders are fast and helpful and the people always change. Depending on the show you came to see there can be lots of hot people.. or lots of fat gross ones. Eek! Either way.l. $1.50 for a PBR on a show night I can not complain. They also have a smokers patio so that is helpful! It's also within lightrail distance which is awesome for us since we live in Tempe."  from the bottom of my burning indie heart."  but it's a great place to see a band.  The bar is in the back and there are seats all around to chill out while listening to the bands.  it's very loud so definitely not the place to go  for a quiet night out by any stretch of the imagination.  I give it the the most points for atmosphere since it revels in it's dive-y-ness.  The sound isn't the best at the couple shows I have been too they always have sound issues of some kind or another.  I think that adds to the charm of the place.  It's a great place to see a $10 band at any rate.  I do not hesitate to go if a band I like is playing there.   The bartenders are very nice and I haven't had any issues with the bouncers although I had tickets all the times I went."  drinking and just listening to music.  It's a must-see for any rhythm and blues fan.  Of course  they are still dedicated to blues and jazz on the weekends.  It would contend for my favorite place ever if that rib shack in the parking lot ever seemed open on the occasions I've gone to shows." Loved the very eclectic mix of people milling around.  It was so not Scottsdale  cheap drinks and a no frills attitude." A decent venue in Phoenix for live music. They often have good acts playing there. JZJqJadk9pSoCGT7VTwBvg  our waitress didn't like the tip my husband gave her and threw it back down on the table.  I guess a $1.00 tip for a round of drinks is unacceptable...we have not gone back and I'm not sure we ever will."  but I don't go there very often. Dancing is important for me and I hate high door charges -- especially when I don't know anything about the band that is playing." Great venue for music..friendly staff...great food truck food..booze is only point reduction  not a bad seat in the house. We sat 90 degreas to the stage and it sounded great. This has become my go to Phoenix Blues!" The service is outstanding (both the cocktail servers and bartenders)and I have a ton of fun every time I go. A very cool little club and it is totally nice that it is right here in Phoenix. The names/level of talent this place draws is pretty amazing. We saw Muddy Waters' son play a set last night. Any music lover should check this place out!" "This was my second time to the Rhythm Room and it was fantastic! We saw ""Mother Mother"" this time and ""Patrick Watson"" the time before. Both performances were stellar and Rhythm Room is such a great venue. It creates an intimate experience between you and the performers. You really get to hear the music and connect. It's also nice that there's a bar uWeMgQMWd_dxqSxPpnd-qw I look forward to a return visit..I love seeing live jazz and blues musicians play and this seems like the perfect place to see it!" "This is a regular hang out - I have to see a show here at least once a month. On 7/3 I made the trip down to see Phoenix Legend Hans Olson perform with a full band for his annual birthday bash. Great show. In all of the years i have been coming here I can't think of a bad show. Oh sure there were bad times  RR gets five stars because I have so many fond memories at this venue and I am a fan of the atmosphere." I was at this venue to attend a blues concert. It has very little seating and the beer was warm. I thought the sound system really sucked! I was rather disappointed as I really LOVED the guy I went to see and I couldn't make out any of the music. Great fun. Enjoy the live blues bands that come through. There is even dancing which is fun. Small intimate feel.  your bathrooms were clean (but seriously get the urinal fixed) and the ambiance was electric.  Can't wait to go back!!"  I like this place. I'd come back. It's got character." Local draft beers only .. Devil's Ale is a winner!  $5.00 who can complain :)" Amazing venue. It has a very cozy feel to it and you feel right at home. Drinks are pretty cheap and the acoustics for live music is amazing!  for all the words you can actually make out.  And  the sound guy appears completely deaf to the feedback he keeps allowing.  They don't skimp on the pours in the mixed drinks  but if you don't get there early you may be standing for 4+ hours. Not complaining What a great place to dance and have a good time.  I went to see the band Soul Power and they were terrific! I'll be going back for more fun there.  it is how I remember the good old days of watching live music in a bar and enjoying that feeling. When I leave I am not poor  the owner Bob and GM Jen went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed.  Thanks to the whole staff everything went smoothly and everyone had a great time!  Thank you all so much :)" Can always count on the Rhythm Room to get quality music and do some dancing. It's nice to see a place where all ages and groups of humans are just having fun and digging on some great music. I love this place!  or they have small tables and chairs along the sides.  Easy to see the stage.  Excellent bar in back.  Service was EXCELLENT... personnel very friendly and attentive.  They also have an outside patio for smokers.  Get there early to line up if you want a seat near the front "Saw the Soul Power Band last night. They are very good. The atmosphere was classy and cool and packed. The attendants were nice and attentive. This was my first time there "One of the hidden treasures of Phoenix.  There's always good music Great place to see a show with a diverse crowd. Metalachi was the band that played and they did not disappoint. The acoustics at the Rhythm room were top notch. Views were good as I sat at the corner of the bar and could see the band just fine. Staff was friendly and fast.  I'd go back to see a show anytime. "This place is fucking amazing!  Bob you are awesome I have always had a good time at the Rythmn Room.  Great music and a good mix of people all looking to have fun!  I highly recommend this bar. I have been wanting to check out The Rhythm Room since I moved to Phoenix over 12 years ago.  We finally made it happen on Saturday and really enjoyed our experience!  We got there  10 minutes before the doors opened at 5:30pm and there was already a queue of 30+ people.  We heard the Repeat Offenders and really enjoyed it - the band had over 10 people and all were super talented.  Drinks were reasonably priced and I loved the BBQ food truck that was outside.  We will definitely be back!  and the staff here care about their customers! Bob Corritore has owned this blues music venue since 1991 and knows what people in the Valley like and want from a Blues bar. There's a nice patio to sit and chill with friends. A barbecue food truck in the parking lot keeps people from going hungry;) Thanks Bob Corritore for bringing and keeping The Rhythm Room here in Phoenix" After the performance an opera Q&A session was held for anyone wishing to stay. The AZ opera head and tenor James Flora answered questions about everything from the set  and I have enjoyed better quality and better performances. I'm glad to see them growing and improving. I just wish public had more education and let them sing instead of interrupting every aria with applause." We will continue to support Arizona Opera and hope others do as well. The performances are outstanding. Keep up the good work!!!!" Just left early from Arizona Opera Lucia Di Lammermoor. It was horrible. I felt like I was at a high school production! Their is no sound production and the performers do not wear mikes. So you are in a fairly large hall (the symphony hall to be exact) and all you can hear are these tiny voices from the stage. I could've had the same experience watching it on my IPad. DO NOT waste your hard earned money. They should be ashamed to pretend this is a true opera!  don't miss this wonderful performance put on by the Arizona Opera. This was my first ""Lucia"" and it greatly surpassed my expectations. It is definitely an opera I would enjoy again. We are so fortunate to have this available to us here in Phoenix. We flew out to LA to see La Boheme a few months ago and my wife and I both agreed that LA Opera doesn't have anything over the Arizona Opera. Keep up the good work folks!" "I love going to the opera. I am always impressed with the vocal range of the performers. They can do amazing things with their voices! And the sets and costumes are so elaborate. That is the best part. Even though they are usually sung in a language that I don't understand The coffee/drink bars and the props from other shows in the lobby also provide good relief during the intermissions. The restrooms seem to move quicker than they do at other theaters in the area. Both times have been excellent and we will definitely return." "Bravo Tosca!  What a wonderful opera experience.  This was my first time at the opera.  I was thankful for the subtitles as the opera is in Italian.  The story of Tosca is timeless and entertaining.  Would like to have seen the cast ""act"" a little more.  The set design was very well done.  The orchestra was amazing and helped to keep the stage alive.  Looking forward to my next AZ Opera experience.  I am a fan!"  as otherwise I would be lost.  The acoustics in the Symphony Hall are awesome and my seats were smack dab in the middle of the room with the perfect view.  I like that you can bring your own bottled water and stuff too.  At least I think you can... no one stopped me or said anything.  I think it's awesome that we have this cultural experience in Phoenix!" "I attended ""La Boheme"" last night and it was beautiful. Gorgeous production - the performances "La Boheme  was excellent. For all we had to go through to see La Boheme in LA  (traffic) I will take AZ Opera any day. Symphony Hall is a much nicer venue than the LA Opera (smaller and more aisles!). If only the downtown restaurants like the ""Butcher"" were open on Sundays... We could include a nice lunch with a Sunday matinee. Opera has been enduring for a long time. It touches the soul. I wish we had more young people that were willing to give it a try. Support your AZ Opera. It's one of the best deals in town!" It was well worth getting all dappered up for the evening. One can't be too over dressed for a night out at the opera. The vocal talent was exceptional and no one missed a mark delivering the story. It was fantastic and I enjoyed meeting a few of the department directors. VIP? Yes please and thank you. If you want to have an entertaining evening you can't go wrong with the Arizona Opera. Bravo!!!" "My mother is a member here and she wanted to come for a family dinner over the holidays.  They have completely remodeled this country club which was long overdue and it is so gorgeous now.   It is hard to put into words the transformation this place has undergone.  It does not look anything like it used to except for maybe the golf course and the parking lot.  Our server was young and was probably used to going through the motions of serving tables The services was awesome and the food was good. Best of all was the view of the golf course and Camelback Mountain.  delicious food and an absolutely stunning view. This would be a great place to get married."  and I enjoy it every time I visit home.  I hope my husband and I can join someday." spa and gym and resort-like pool."  and all the facilities are kept clean and in working condition. Saturday morning bingo is surprisingly entertaining  AZCC will challenge all skill levels. Great food in the bar... excellent training facilities... top notch all the way." IgcTIyJFtEOxWD7bFhjYcQ I love the fact that you can play golf in Phoenix and not have to worry about hitting out of the desert. The tree lined fairways remind me of playing in the Midwest which is nice in this part of the state.  an air hockey table and comfortable couches. The pool is huge and great for lap swimming. I haven't experienced the golf course because I don't play  but I have played tennis at many country clubs. This place is top notch. The facilities are amazing! Has a very classy rustic feel to the country club. I read on their website that this place is invite only. If I was invited and I had money I would probably go. The tennis courts are really nice." They always greet us by name"  but Ballet Arizona has been a treat under Ib Anderson's direction.  I'm a fan of the classical ballets and have loved their Swan Lake and Giselle productions.  This year's season is ending BAZ is a 'must-see' every show." Prices are quite reasonable for what is offered.  There are different packages that make it even more attractive with special prices on certain dates.  Contact the box office abut that.  Another way to see the shows is to join the volunteer organization.  We work hard but the end result is the pleasure of knowing we help make a beautiful thing like Ballet AZ blossom and grow." RCT5joZdjoJfEJOh7__x8A I will be the first to say I have not fit in with the new approach to volunteering at Ballet AZ and that portion of my life is ended.  I certainly am not saying not to check into it if you want to work with the Ballet.  I wrote my initial blurb almost a year ago. I really have considered whether it would sound like sour grapes by offering this new information.(That is not an approach I like to take if I can avoid it.) I have given out more information concerning Ballet AZ and volunteering as a result of my 1/29/2009 review. This is the only way i can think of to stay current and accurate for those who have gotten the information on a more personal basis." "My date and I attended the IB Anderson's Nutcracker last night.  I hadn't seen the Nutcracker since I was a little ballerina girl.  It was an absolutely AMAZING performance with stunning set changes.  The dancers were incredible and very fun to watch!  I would recommend this event to people of all ages as a ""Must see""." RCT5joZdjoJfEJOh7__x8A We also could not pass up buying the Angelina Ballerina book and doll at the gift store for our future little Ballerina."  you will still be happy with a trip to the ballet.  Ib Anderson really has continued making a name for himself with an incredibly fun version of the Nutcracker each year and brilliant performances by his lead dancers." RCT5joZdjoJfEJOh7__x8A  enjoying a special theatre treat in honour of their holiday. But there were also plenty of families there with young girls of all ages enthralled with the story - and the audience as a whole was happy to show moments of joy and laughter where the company xpected it!"  the costumes where amazing and beautiful. It really brings a bit of fantasy to your reality. My only complaint would be a crying baby and few ill behaved children. When you pay good money to go to a nice event Saw the Nutcracker for the first time this past holiday season and was blown away by the production values and the performances." Love the Arizona Ballet and their School of Ballet.  wow just beautiful to watch. Thank you Ballet Arizona for the beautiful performance! Look forward to seeing other productions in the future !" I felt classier just being in the audience. Thanks for a wonderful evening Overall a really stunning performance."  Lindsey and of course Ballet Arizona for treating us to such an amazing performance."  overall it was amazing. This production made me want to go to the ballet again and again! Very professional and very entertaining."  excellent story telling. The female leads stole the show. They both did an amazing job and are excellent dancers. I had never been to the ballet before and will now return wanting more!" RCT5joZdjoJfEJOh7__x8A And since I go there a lot I know they aren't marking up there prices!  They have a great selection & the people have always been very helpful & nice.  I have also run in there when I need an item to finish up a painting (there paint supplies are a bit pricey) but there frames are great! Don't go during the lunch hour as they share there lot with several popular restaurants!"  and good prices.  Sure the price isn't going to top the deals you can get with coupons at Michael's My only negative comment.  The Katubah looks so good in its frame that we want to hang it now." I definitely recommend this place for any framing you need to do." My husband and I were doing errands and on our way to Michael's to frame two items. He saw Aaron's Brothers and I am so glad he did. They were so helpful and picked out items that made everything so easy and reasonable!!!! Thank you! "I can't recommend this place enough - we had a world map measuring 4 feet by 6 feet; the staff at Aaron Brothers was great in helping us get a good looking frame for a great price (cheaper than several other places we checked) My husband and I needed a frame for one of our photos so we ended up at Aaron Brothers. The staff was incredibly friendly and helped us find exactly what we needed. They have a really unique selection of frames too! I'm definitely a fan.  and they have a buy one get one for a penny sale often enough that you can score some serious deals. They have every possible size and shape frame and when there is a sale on or if you have a coupon it's really no more expensive than Michael's or other bigger box stores. Great selection of art/craft supplies and fun stuff for the kids as well. I feel like Aaron Brothers is kind of a sleeper but more people should put it in their rotation." Was quoted over $150 to replace a piece of glass on a picture.  Went to a local independent frame shop and had the glass replaced for under $39 including remounting the picture. Seems a good bet that the Aaron Brothers are related to the James Brothers.  The only difference is that Jesse and Frank didn't have a website! Love the people here. So friendly and genuinely interested in helping you. Very reasonable prices. Beth and Nicola were fun and knowledgable!  and for the small art section they do have some more unique items that you don't necessarily find at a Michaels. However 90% of the items are not labeled properly or have no price tags so I found myself constantly having to bring items one by one as I found them and ask for the price. I actually ended up buying something I thought was $5 less because the whole lot was advertised wrong. It was extremely frustrating because I brought in a family member and talked up the store and their ""Storewide"" Summer Sale  minus one star for getting stared down by a few scary biker dudes." f_leeIRar8uNCkk5sAmHRQ  WHAT.  I was flabbergasted.  Never in my life have I paid so much for Corona.  This is a major dive bar FAIL right here.  Later  and The Earps. Judging by some of the other reviews analbreath seems to be a permanent fixture here! What I like most about The Blooze besides the prices is that its not pretentious. The drinks have a bite to them which is nice especially at these prices. The beer line up is the usual domestics which I don't drink and the import variety could do with a boost. The service is quick and swift. The regular patrons come down here to ease the pain and that's obvious and that also lends the place its charm. This is a local bar that caters to rock bands and locals. The staff is friendly and the price is right. No more no less."  I give ""The Blooze"" four out of 5 stars and look forward to the next Surf Rock band night." "I couldnt resist taking my top off after ""The heat wave"" bbq wings they served set my happy on fire. IT went so well downed with the wells with their cheap 25 cent tequila.I was hanging with Marco  mixed with some bikers but don't let it scare you away. The bartenders are awesome and know how to pour a stiff drink  I had to leave once it was starting to get really packed and lively around 10:30/11. I am so glad that I finally checked the place out though. I will definitely frequent The Blooze as often as I can." P.p.s. Girls... You have to look in the bathroom... There's pictures of hunky guys on the inside of the stalls... There's even pictures of Tumbleweed (the owner)!"  this is a great little bar to see a local band and have a cheap drink. Just beware of the scary bikers that seem to perpetually hang out in front of places like this!" "HELL YEAH......The Blooze freekin rules for live music and cheap drinks.  Owner is on top of the music scene Great place to get fairly priced drinks and hear some good music!  Will be back again and again - and thanks for having a hot dog cart outside on weekends!!!  he hung out at The Blooze.  I would go over in between loads.  There was only one person working in the front of house.  She was really nice.  She didn't lose her cool at all when more people started coming in.  She handled it well.  Especially when a regular at the bar was giving her a hard time.  She just went with the flow and eventually he left.  They have 2 pool tables  the friendliness and service are always right on- great atmosphere." Great local spot for live music that has you dancing in your seat... or go ahead and shoot some pool! Cheap drink prices."  with some out of town guests.  What a great time we had!  Drinks were very good priced and a live band If you like the biker atmosphere this is a place for you." Love this place. The staff are always friendly. Love the live music. The people are always kicked back. It's a place I love to go and really relax ;) Totally fun place. Went with a meet up group. The crowd was easy going and obviously lots of local regulars. Went to watch a buddy play one night. I couldn't believe how clean the bathroom was. The place is set up pretty cool with a square bar in front of the stage with plenty of seating and a little dancing room in between. Cool little music venue. Support your local BLOOZE BAR." Saturday night. Looking forward to this show and we got here before 8pm. Show started near 930. So freaking crowded you can't see the band.  Its so loud you cant hear the band.  Fire Marshall bill would close the place. So over capacity you can't move. Let alone get to the bathroom. All about greed. Need to stop ticket sales while there is still room to move. Nothing overly impressed us and nothing scared us away.  Just a nice local place to hear some music.  Prices seemed very reasonable." If you're in the area don't skip out on going to The Blooze. There's sure to be something going on The AC is very good and parking is easy.  Not the nicest part of town I have been too  Tumbleweed is a very cool guy - all of the bands love him and all the help he gives the bands. The bar staff is fun and efficient." Great place to swing dance (on certain nights) Will not be going back!" "I deliver beer to the Blooze bar almost every week and I just wanted to give the bartender Randi a kudos for being so great. Ever since Randi started working the day shift the cooler has been well organized and clean; that makes it so much easier and faster to rotate and put away my product. Every time I come in Randi is always doing something productive Great night!!! We had good bar service with bartender rabbit!! We went to this dive bar on a Thursday night.  and the beer is cold.  I even got to open the curtain for my brother's band; it was a fun place." I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to hang at Blooze unless I was going for another show "I couldn't resist myself from writing this review after trying their BBQ wings! Not only that dish was incredibly tasty  I wouldn't waste my time if I were you. Bartenders are also not cool. Go to Dodey's across the street 