 do you pick up what I'm putting down?  You're not making any money because your costumer service SUCKS....in fact My only complaint is that sometimes it takes a while to check out at this location. I don't normally have a problem - usually only one or two people ahead of me - but sometimes it can be much slower. Today  but only for an item that I cannot find elsewhere. Or if I'm too lazy to drive further out."  and it's a very good one. Recommended always. For those who love crafting Plus the prices at Michael's are significantly more than other area craft stores. I usually only stop there if I'm already at tend Waterfront. I'd recommend checking other craft stores first. Unless you need glitter. Especially fine glitter. Michael's has the best glitter selection quality of any store I've ever been to."  but some empathy would have been nice. I wasn't completely out of line asking because a little bubble wrap and it would have been fine in the first place. I will never be back to this or any other Michael's." I went back to Michaels to explore again and found some other useful items.  It will likely not be a stop that I frequent weekly but when the fancy to decorate comes up The staff is helpful. Parking is plentiful."  I've been shopping at this Michael's location. I go here at least twice a month. And I must say its grown on me. The store is always clean and organized. The associates are usually helpful. And I can I usually find some good deals if not clearance items. Though I must admit that the cake decorating class schedules are not as full as here when you compare them to the Monroeville location." "1* for the Apple map telling me they're open until 10pm. Just completed a mad dash here at 9:30pm. Yes  and I am happy to have found a local shop that I will return to."  but I was so in love and I knew it wasn't going to be cheap in general! They told me it'd be done in two weeks and I was shocked. I got a call about two weeks later to come in because the frame we picked wasn't the same when it came in from the supplier :(. It was totally plain and not what we looked at! They knew immediately if they had put it together with that I would not be happy! They offered me to look at other frames and we spent a good hour or so looking at other frames and I still wasn't finding anything. We picked one and he said he was going to talk to the supplier to see if they'd give it to me at the same price. ALSO  and generally treated like crap for checking up on a remounting job that was supposed to be done within a week.  Emotional mess the rest of the day.  I have never been treated that way with any owner of a business.   I work with restaurant owners for god's sake!   Unbelievable.   If you want the full story Extremely friendly and courteous manager.  Offers 25% discounts to first time customers.  the print looks great. It was well done and nicely put together. Would I have liked to pay less? Sure. Would I have another print or painting framed here? Sure!" "They did a good job with the framing of my diploma.  A little expensive compared to what I had done in Florida "This place is a great frame place!  I got some custom work done here If you have framing needs "Completely ripped me off.  SCAM ARTIST.  Went in there to get 4 pieces framed and mentioned the yelp deal for 50% off and he said it was no longer available so I took his word for it and he offered me a new 20% off coupon they had in a coupon book.  Looked on yelp to get the address a week later and the deal is still on here.  I confronted him about it and he refused to give me the deal because I had already paid for everything.  He said to make it right he will give me a credit $75 less than the deal would have gotten me!  He does not care about his customers one bit Cons- Line to get in was outrageous- some people waited 2-4 HOURS just to get inside.  Lack of food vendors equaled LONG LONG lines at the stands they did have." Getting in the venue seemed to work well; plenty of volunteers & staff showing you were to go.  Getting out wasn't so easy. All those volunteers & staff were no where to be found.  Therefore  bathrooms were well-stocked and concession food was pretty tasty. We had a great time and so happy that they scheduled the same weekend as the Bead Show!"  there was some security. Anyone carrying an openly displayed firearm had it inspected and secured. Signs were posted prohibiting loaded firearms It is what it is. Good venue the gun show we attended. Nothing flashy.  none of the vendors had soda fountains they served bottled soda in cups for $4-$6? You can just get the souvenir cup for $6 and refill for $3? I took a cool helicopter ride and monster truck ride. Kids liked the escape artist show by lady Houdini.....you get the idea. Pretty cool carnival games and rides! Also a cool drown the clown who harassed and antagonized people to pay $10 to dunk him in a tank of water. Also a mechanical bull ride for $10!! The challenge was males ride for more then 8 seconds wins $100; females 7 seconds! My wife did 5.2 seconds!! DAMN!" Thankfully and most importantly there is a small bar between a few of the metal buildings that actually serves beer and mixed drinks.  That's a nice break to have given the size and how long it actually takes to take in all the different buildings and weather permitting the outdoor areas." They did have a free petting zoo and horse ride was eight dollars." Just a great group trying to help out teachers and programs that already face enough problems and budget cuts as it is - can you really say anything bad about it?"  and normally go in 4 hour shifts. Mine was 1:30-5." "Classroom Central is an awesome organization helping students in underprivileged schools get school supplies they desperately need. Every employee and volunteer at Classroom Central is really passionate about what they do. Risa G. Cashiers were friendly and i didn't have to search around too much before finding the size frame I needed..." 3. There is a manager who sometimes works the cash register who is RUDE to customers. She doesn't greet you  which is a plus but it only mildly takes the edge off the fact that I still have to drive across town to another Michael's."  but if you're looking for a top quality paint brush or oil paint then try to find a speciality art store.  They usually have better quality and the prices are a lot cheaper.  If you do purchase paint colors then pull the tubs from the back...they're a little fresher.  They also have a decent varity of faux flowers where you can make pretty flower arrangemants.  I heard that the classes that they give (flower and cake decorating) are decent but I haven't taken one just yet.  Once I do I'll leave a review for that as well :)" - a tad bit messy and cramped in the store"  but that is partially due to it being an older store.  The other reason the store looks so terrible is because its a mess (empty and disorganized shelves)!  I'm not sure if this store is physically smaller than the other Michaels in the area  I needed to return those unused and buy other items to complete my project. My first stop was the cashier to make a return. She volunteered to hold on to my bag until I was ready to check out. This store was large and full of all types of sh... stuff that a crafter may need. After a failed attempt of finding felt on my own Now that's what I call a finding!" "Friendly staff...tons of great ideas and products!  I came here after a disappointing experience at Archivers in the same mall.  From now on  a decent place. Greenway Station on the whole is a bit of a weird shopping center I don't understand why the experience here varies so much from it's neighbor to the east where I'm greeted  which is a good sign at any establishment. They're also always happy to point me in the right direction when I'm not sure exactly where to look for something like Mod Podge that would logically belong in about five different places." Fortunately Michael's Craft Supplies on the eastside is starting to carry more yarn and sewing items "We went here to pick out fabrics for a quilt. We used a few tables to pick out color schemes and see what we were working with. The worker walking by actually said to us  so they don't have a lot of competition.  I wish they did  experienced employees who were really helpful and they didn't act like it was a pain to wait on you.  There was an energy about the place and staff members had other staff members with whom they could consult and interact.  Now there are times when just about the only employees I see are one person staffing a cash register  this little JoAnn's packs a punch. It's got a very good fabric selection and the gals (and occasional guys) at the cutting counter are nearly always super helpful. It's rarely very busy and the sale sections are fabulous. Today a very polite employee braved calling the busy superstore location and stayed on hold for nearly 10 minutes while she and an employee there tried to locate a product for me. Well done!" I think at this point they should just close there doors on this location since the owners or manager obviously don't care. They have excellent products that you cant get anywhere else but they almost NEVER have enough staff. I have gone there on over 8 separate occations and left without the merchandise I had picked out because there was no one on the registers at all or because there was only 1 person on register and huge line of people waiting. A store is pretty much worthless if you cant pay for the items. I dont steal but I would imagine they loose a lot of stuff from people waiting for a checker too long. The store is constantly understaffed but the people who work there are extremely nice & friendly. So not a great visit but not the worst  That girl couldn't find the item that was kept behind counter. Didn't want to spend time on me because of people behind me. Other customer asked if she could call for backup.  Manager standing around said in a minute.  Continued doing nothing. I won't return to this location." This is a very solid craft store. I spend most of my time in the fleece department cause i make blankets and there selection is vast. This my place for the activities I do. Wife and I went she wanted material.  She was a counter waiting to get cut. They announced store closed and the bitch a counter said sorry we closed. I asked for manger and she was worse I said so I drove 40 min and u don't won't my money. Unreal I can say this that's good about this Michael's: they always have a huge selection of Martha Stewart crafting products and a great cake decor aisle as well."  even though the Food Network show was cancelled in 2011 (maybe they're worth something on eBay!). Mikey's is not the place to go for a personalized shopping experience This place has something for everyone or if you're not in the crafting mood just browse their dollar section."  today they had 3 of 6 registers open and a HUGE line. I counted more than 40 people in the line. The people at the registers were very nice and accommodating. I felt badly for them Now I know an easy way to distinguish between brands and will call about frame color before I get the next one." Things are usually well-stocked and the staff is generally friendly. Sales are omnipresent and you can pretty much always find a coupon that will knock of at least 25% Another site that we went to for hole punchers. I wanted a special set of smaller than 0.5mm punchers for punch cards of a unique shape for the coffee shop that I sometimes volunteer at. I wanted to get something that you couldn't easily get as I didn't want people to forge or cheap on their punch cards. I found some cheap here and got a set of 6 that we were able to use in rotation. Customer service was friendly and they made an exception as long as we didn't hold them responsible for lost packages for sending to a Canadian postal box.  it did take more than a week of numerous calls (3?) and an unanswered voicemail and email  before this was resolved. Advice: persevere to get customer service."  and their prices were quite comparable. I didn't find either the new beaded yarn or the soy yarn that I was looking for This place welcoming and the prices are comparable.  I would suggest that knitters near and far visit this gem."  and aside from tools they also have a small book section and a selection of free patterns for knitters of all experience levels." Spent quite a while in here and loved it. All types and price points of yarn. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Really enjoyed my visit here.  The owner tracked down a pattern on Ravelry for my friend and emailed it to her for a project. Great experience. Going back again!  friendly help finding the right yarn for the right pattern.  This is a home away from home store.  Love to sit and knit and see what other projects are underway for ideas and inspiration."  and the staff is pleasant and helpful.   It get's a little crowded and hard to look at some of the yarn when knit groups are going on  and the ladies who were knitting gave me great advice about how to pick a pattern for my skill level and what yarn to get.  There are always people knitting there in their free time  I feel like everyone there is working hard but the line gets pretty lengthy and the store doesn't even that busy. It's strange."  there are lots of lights back there.""  I brought him the sign and he reluctantly called the manager.  The manager was equally glib and after pressing them to show me which light the sale actually was for I know I will visit more often." At least Jo-Ann's matches competitor coupons." I have only been here a couple of times.  My last visit was for some material for a table cloth.  I don't know my way around a fabric store and the staff here were very helpful.  I knew what I wanted when I went in and they pointed me in the right direction.  The person cutting the fabric was very nice and the check out was fast.  I was in and out in less than 10 minutes.  the staff helped me find exactly where to go. I was purchasing some arts & crafts materials and the friendly staff helped me scan a bunch of coupons for my purchase I did not know existed! Saved me a bunch of money!" Store is not at address on Neil street. It is near hhgregg on prospect. Someone should update the address/location.  is that sometimes the overhead lighting can irritate (think grade school buzzing fluorescent bulbs) "HIGHLY recommended. I am frequently there buying material for costumes and staging purposes  the service is much there than at Joanne! If you can  I came in to grab some last minute supplies for my costume and was met with an extremely rude employee. I was on the phone with my hard of hearing grandmother and was the ONLY customer in the store. The employee cleared her throat at me to get my attention and then exaggeratedly told me I was talking to my grandmother too loudly. I told my grandmother I couldn't talk to her in the store and promptly left without buying anything. I will never shop here for my fabric again and I hope that somebody doesn't treat this woman's grandchildren this way when they're trying to talk to her." The staff is friendly and knowledgeable."  the staff leaves something to be desired. They are not overly helpful and at times have just tried to up-sell us. I will probably start to try to find a new local jewelry making supply shop."  and not always friendly.  The staff generally won't look at or speak to you as you stand there waiting for the interminable line to move  but the terrible customer service ensured that I will never be back." Seems the non jeweler has the place figured out. I'm glad you have a great experience when you go into Lonnies but I can assure you that you would not walk into another business that is your expertise and act like a dummy so you can get good service! BTW I drive to Flagstaff to go to a little store called Thunderbird Supply and they give better service than Lonnies also."  their loose gems (which was the reason i went) were not very good quality. Their prices were not very good either and their service was terrible. I try to shop local and was looking forward to going to a new ""candy store"" but will buy on Amazon in the future if Beads Galore doesn't have what I'm looking for. Appalling service. I probably would have dropped $50-$100 on supplies today alone  Lonnie gets upset!??? Even heard Lonnie yelling at customers & staff. Staff is discouraged from spending time talking or helping customers no matter if they're buying $15 or $1500 worth of supplies; can't talk to other employees either = Lonnie's code of silence. It's unfortunate there aren't other good shops around as going in there is drudgery. So shopping online has become a much better experience. If you wanted to be treated rudely  and rush you out at closing. The reason I go back is there selection of cane glass beads are the best I've found anywhere and that's all I buy there." Trust me on this one - go to SJ Jewelry Supply.  Mario will be courteous and helpful  the  woman behind the counter in a scolding manner said ""I can only show you one size stone at a time"".  I walked out!   When their doors close once and for all they can thank themselves for driving people away.  I'll go to Mario's S K or order on line.   Mario is an accommodating "I decided to support a local business rather than order my silver supplies online. I went in excited to get supplies and learn a new craft - but wow - the staff is so rude and condescending. The clerk literally turned her head and laughed when I asked a question about polishing silver. I quickly paid and left. I won't return. So sad that a local business can't treat their customers with respect  and you are an apprentice going into a skilled artisan's store. That artisan probably demands respect in a way most modern people don't. It may seem backwards "I went into this store yesterday buying all supplies needed to make jewelry.  The clerk was nice made suggestions I bought what she advised.  Was a disaster I ruined several pieces later learning she had sold me way to heavy of silver I could not do anything with it.  I called said no returns but someone else came on and said come in he would of given me credit for part of slab of silver.  I was willing to buy more of appropriate gauge Blue collar also has provided me with all of my own non-uniform industrial clothing. They always have a very good selection in their store and have the ability to order anything I desire." Great pricing and durable clothes. I have shirts that I've been wearing for 10 years.  and hopefully will for many years to come. The quality of the products they sell is the best and the prices are amazing. So nice to find this in a small local shop that provides THE BEST customer service! Even though I moved to Tucson a few years ago "Couldn't find a nicer lady to help you find good work clothes. She will help point you in the right direction and get you a perfect fit. She'll even modify items for you and really competitive prices. Will be back time and again  much more. I shop this store frequently even bring out-of-towners here. My aunt sometimes makes trips from central california just to shop here. Check it out." Friendly and helpful associates - such a great experience!!" This is the place to take out of town guests to find those unique imported items"  we bought a lot of things!  We were there for the latest wave of outdoor patio decorations. Left with 2 big pots "Very cool place...HUGE! Lots of nooks and crannies with a wonderful selection of Day of the Dead- themed items. I bought two DOTD-themed tiles for $9 each. Wish I could have bought more LOVE This place - looked on YELP for Mexican pottery for my patio and as usual YELP doesn't disappoint. Great selection of all things Mexico - including great pottery at really good prices.  and miscellaneous items.  The prices are very good and the owner and employees are friendly and helpful.  We always have a good time there Juan and Alex were very friendly anD help. Their products are good quality and prices are fantastic! _1McGyjz_5SWHboKGSE5lg  she ran it through the computer and said the job would cost $675.00. I thought I must have heard wrong. She said it was correct and that it would normally be $975 but she was applying a 30% discount. I asked if we could look at an off the shelf frame. We picked one. The price of the frame was $32.50 and with a mat and labor it came to $185. Still more than I expected We always get great customer service there. They are helpful and go beyond my expectations to make sure that we get the frames that we need. _1McGyjz_5SWHboKGSE5lg  They had a lot of frames on sale which was pretty exciting. I saved a lot of money on high quality frames. One of the employees Paul was very helpful. Even though he was the only in the store he was able to assist me and other customers. Definitely coming back for the sales!"  but I hope it pays a fitting tribute to one of the best businesses in Downtown Phoenix. In an age of increasing online shopping this store was a reminder of why person-to-person business is irreplaceable."  I was quoted a price and an estimated turn-around time.  I will return again when I need great framing done that will last a lifetime or more.   Thank You Pat and Robert!" "We entrusted Robert Hilton with the framing of a lithograph by a modern American artist and couldn't be happier with the result.  These guys are every bit as good as the frame shop we used to rely on frequently in Brooklyn  courteous and professional. They are always ready with expert framing advice with years of experience behind them. They take the time to do the job right and yet come through for me in a hurry when I need a large job done fairly quickly for an upcoming event. I highly recommend Pat and his staff. Be sure to take a look at Pat's phenomenal photography when you stop by." "I had a delicate stitched piece that I needed framed done here and it was great service.  The biggest reason I decided to have the work done here is because I noticed a few art pieces that were done by the staff member I was speaking to.  I figured The fine gents here will take great care of you and they do beautiful work. I'll never use anyone else.  not to mention Scottsdale/Sedona/Jerome galleries - very high quality work at very reasonable prices. You will thank me! I live over an hour from Esprit Decor but I promise you I will never go anywhere else! (You should see my piece - really  & I firmly believe that their operation might possibly - be the BEST in Arizona! Their top shelf work defies logic & standard practices of most small business owners in the 21st century! A testament to this - is customers can utilize a LAYAWAY plan - to suit a budget  they take time to understand your tastes and home decor before they suggest framing looks.  Pat is an intelligent and well traveled artist that uses imagination and his years of experience to produce the best look for your works.  I would never consider any other place "Art pieces are special and intended to evoke an emotional tug.  Pat and team understand how to present a special piece in just the right frame. Of all the art I've collected Great business! I took a piece of art in to get a new mat and frame and from the second I walked in I noticed the great customer service! I told them that I wanted to keep it simple with a rustic frame and as soon as he put a couple options down I knew just what I wanted. My frame was done in 3 days and when I picked it up it looked even better than I imagined! This is my go-to framing store from now on. Couldn't be more pleased with their work and customer service. They have some amazing art on display as well and I'll be back again soon just to see if there is anything that would look great in my house. "I went to Egypt and bought some art (Papyrus) I am not a big art person but I really liked them and wanted something special to bring home for my house. I wasn't sure where I was gonna have them framed bit I knew I didn't want the do it yourself frame so per usual I yelped to find a company. These guys were not even 10 minutes away and had 5 stars on nearly every review. I stopped in the next day. I was met by one of the owners he was friendly and gave me a ton of options on how I could frame. He also gave me a tour of their place to explain their process and he took his time which was the best part. I was surprised as to how much framing costs it seemed expensive to me  What a great neighborhood framing shop!  We have had several pictures/art work framed with outstanding results.  They do quality work with a trained eye for what mat/color might look best!  We have never been disappointed and will continue to use Esprit Dcor for our framing needs.  reasonable and timely!  What more is there?  Will be back again."  and all have been excellent! She has a true talent for floral design. Great containers to choose from "i was just as unhappy as these other brides!!! unbelievably expensive and very misleading the way they explain things!! i paid $300 and wound up with only 14 of my original flowers and most of those were replaced with artificial. where the heck is the rest of my flowers??? she must have used them for some of the overpriced arrangements she retails.  also a $45 design fee charge to pin it to a piece of styrofoam I am so happy with my shadow memory box!! Thank you!!!!! : I had a wonderful experience! Staff was very friendly and my bouquet is beautiful! I ended up also using my leftover flowers to make an ornament for a Christmas gift!  they allow you to bring your own (we were not aware of this). Bringing our own case could have saved us a few hundred dollars!" Try out this awesome needlepoint store.  It's a non proftit store run by volunteers who love to stitch!  They have knitting yarn as well and one of the best selection of fibers in the valley for needlepoint projects.  It's worth the stop. This shop is so organized and very professional. The staff are very friendly and helpful. I was impressed by the selection of yarn and knitting needles and how easy it was for me to find what I was looking for. I guess I will find another shop that will assist me by helping  me and take my money." "This shop has many very helpful ladies who will take time to explain every thing Much higher quality!  Will definitely be coming to this place more often." Large selection of beautiful knitting and embroidery supplies.  Small locale.  Run by volunteers only.  You may experience some difficulty if you're doing something complicated in terms of payment but they are sweet as can be.  They're interested in what you're using your supplies for and may offer suggestions.  Also if you do a lot of knitting or embroidery they do have a frequent buyer discount club card of some sort.  As this was my first visit and we live thousands of miles away this was not applicable to me.  Definitely worth checking out for the serious stitchers or the beginners looking for some tips and tricks and great quality products.  AZ and ventured out to find a new yarn shop.  When I arrived at the shop I was greeted with a warm smile and a hello. Although the shop is small and doesn't   carry all of the yarns I am used to seeing. I was a great venture and I would definitely go back. Thank you Family Arts Needle works for your warm welcome.       Tracy" I went to this store with no expectations and found the woman behind the corner was quite polite. The store is small but cozy.  I felt at home.  I had come from the San Fernando Valley in California where I had several needlepoint shops around me that were welcoming and inviting.  Family Arts was just as welcoming and inviting as those places and I felt like I had come home.  The staff is friendly; they have professional artists working there and the people who are sitting and stitching are friendly.  The atmosphere is one of congeniality and friendliness."  huge bins of zippers...I could go on and on.  If you make crafts you need to come to this store.  The prices are pretty good  I was in and out in 5 minutes and felt as if I'd entered and left some alternate universe where people still sew their own clothes....but the fabric glue worked (for the most part -- I cheated and didn't follow the instructions So go to SAS for the bargains.  You'll find some textile treasure for sure!" Once those two things were dealt with I had a great time being overwhelmed by too many choices. TOO MANY CHOICES!"  we are only human. You don't want to get over charged for a mis-calculation. (I say this because one time my ticket said $10 for item when it was only $2.50!). There's no public toilet IM IN LOVE. i used to work at joanns and was discouraged by the high prices of fabrics. I then found SAS and was in heaven! The store is pretty organized so it's not hard to find things and for the most part the employees are extremely busy. I could spend hours in there I just wish I had something to make all the time. I am obsessed with this place. I love to sew but fabric and accessories are so expensive and often good quality merchandise is hard to find. Sas is amazing it sells a lot of unusual items for a good price. The place is a bit cluttered and sometimes you have to dig through  a lot of junk but I have found some amazing things for dirt cheap. The prices here really are great which is why it is worth it to go in and dig.  It is a great people watching place Awesome selection.  You can find stuff that they stopped making after the Carter administration.  Super cheap too.  the nosy ladies always want to get up in your beeswax while they're cutting your fabric (""what are you making???"") You do have to know how the place works: Get your fabric cut and then meet them at the front to pay for it."  and neutral fabrics fill your eyesight welcoming you to explore! My imagination was running wild in here! I felt as if I was at a true NYC fabric supplier! Other fabric stores in Phoenix simply do not compare and carry FAR less unique fabrics. Joanne is also more catered to the grandma crowd rather than the modern D.I.Y. creative soul. I highly recommened Sas for all fabric related projects. I've become loyal to Sas for its quality and superior selection. The staff is also very quick and experienced so they get you on your way to fulfill your creative urges! Five stars :)"  call me. I've been meaning to learn how to make formal wear." First of all I cannot sew so this review is not from the point of a seamstress.  I went there for ribbons and other gold colored fabrics for center piece making and I def found more than I could ever imagine.  They have great luxurious fabrics as well as tacky sequin covered fabrics (I totally bought some).  If you need fabric you will find what you need or something very close to it.  The parking was ok but no lie the place is always packed.  As far as customer service goes it really depends on who you deal with. Some are chatty Cathys and others don't seem to care much for the customers. The bottom line is the place might look beat up but the selection is great and the people will cut your fabric and even give you a little extra if they see some damage. ahem...anyway...great for cheap awesome finds.  much better than schlepping out to BFE to go to JoAnn's.  Gigantic rolls of fabrics and some hard to find items--like black out material for our curtains.  Ribbon selection is huge.  Staff can be kind of brusque but only because they're swamped with work  they don't help much the costumers they rules are ""WHAT  YOU SEE IS WHAT WE HAVE""   they never smile Come here if you are prepared to spend time and effort finding the best and cheapest material around without all the glitz and glamour of a regular (i.e. chain) fabric store!"  but there are tons of inexpensive fabrics and accoutrements. The people are friendly and down-to-earth." This was a nice Sas and I will go back if I am over there again for sure!" P.S. I feel like the Tempe location takes pride in their organization and the women that work there have been working there FOREVER!  It's like seeing old friends every time. :)"  you better come here on a scavenger hunt The only caution I have for this place is that I needed three pieces of the fabric but I wasn't made aware that they only do one cut per person per fabric. Luckily the lady helping me understood my confusion at not being told this before hand and was willing to cut all three pieces for me.  I do wish that their thread selection was larger. Even though they have industrial size spools they mostly have primary colors. I had a difficult time matching the thread and fabric. I will definitely come back here the next time I have any fabric needs."  and their customer service is VERY limited.  But if you come in here with patience and lots of time to spare you will find exactly what you seek  I'm sure there are people that would rather dig and shop in a less fancy place to save the money  because I walked around the entire store. The heating pad was calling my name when I got home." If I didn't like how close this place was to my house or the giant selection of fabrics I would give it zero stars! The customer service is horrendous!  the people that work there are the rudest people I've ever seen in my entire life at a store. That's all Important! I don't care how cheap your product is."  chaos- don't go here cuz your condition will worsen upon setting foot on the premises. But if you're like me and pretty much unflappable The SAS staff were very helpful  and my associate was very eager to help me and gave me a thumbs up on  my selection."  you can get some amazing deals. I made 6 maxi skirts for my daughter for about $12. This is also a quilters dream paradise. tables full of quilting fabrics in small sections so you can pick up some great pieces." Please do me (and the nice ladies who work) a favor. Read the signs and follow the rules. Don't ask how many yards to make a pillow (figure that out yourself!) And please don't just yank all the fabric out and pile big wrinkly heaps on the top of the stacks. Someone's mother took a great deal of time to make neat stacks and it's up to us to keep it that way." "I love this place. This is my favorite fabric store. The fabric is good quality and inexpensive though you may have to do some sifting.  And all of the complaints about rude staff? Psssshf! It's practically a fabric filled warehouse with every trim "Wow what a huge selection. They have everything and anything.. and two of it! This store is not in the best neighborhood and it's not clean but boy is it worth the savings! I spent $66 on a ton of fabric and supplies "Great place to find fabric if you have a lot of patience and time. So many fabrics all piled on top of each other on tables. I didn't find what I needed  but I was overcharged two out of two visits. Really have to watch these people!!!!!  I absolutely agree with the other reviews that said they are not friendly I've grown up a lot since my early twenties."  listless to the sides. Empty stares and lots of bumping in to each other. No cannibalism that I know. I do not make that claim. They have a lot of stuff and cater to a lot of different personalities. Just wish the staff get a personality. Meow!" I do have a question: is the fake flower arranging community really that prevalant anymore because Michael's has a ridiculous amount of fake greens and wreaths and flower bunches that look clownish and I thought the general consensus was that they were a faux pas.  seriously." Frankly I think all three of those employees should be fired for wasting Michael's and my time while getting paid. I'm sure they make crap pay but that is no excuse for flagrant laziness. It has cost Michael's my business."  unfriendly and lazy! They are always carrying on dumb conversations. The lines go on forever. The old lady cashiers are always rude like I'm wasting their time! There's always something on the wrong shelf so when you get to the cashier she looks at you like you're lying or just stupid!!! They have lost my business!!! Someone needs to get the District Manager in these stores because they wont stay in business with that customer service!!!"  it's usually the best place in the area to find great baking supplies. At least until I open a store like that myself." "Eek!  Me thinks not is the truth!  HORRIBLE with a CAPITAL HORRIBLE!  About 3-4 weeks ago I took in a 20x20 poster to be framed.  The guy told me it would be ready 9/19.  Notice that It's 3 days later than 9/19 and I have not yet received a call from them telling me my frame STILL isn't ready  glitter and other embellishments at Michael's."  they're sticklers about taking coupons which makes it that much more annoying. (JoAnn's will take like  I'll be back next week because this is the closest one when I am out and about.  But seriously I have a wonderfully talented daughter who has given me a number of beautiful drawings that need to be framed. Today I headed off to Michaels to try to get one of them framed. The picture was rather large so it doesn't fit in a standard mat/frame without some effort. The guy that helped me was fairly helpful She was too busy trying to charge me $600.00 for some shite." "There really isn't much I like about Michael's to begin with - I especially dislike them for using my name and putting on such an inferior showing - but this location was a particular disaster.  Clean up your aisles for goodness sake  stickers and ink stamps with the occasional home decor item so for me this store does a good enough job.  It can depend on what materials you might need and how much you require.  One thing I noticed is another Michaels store I go to on Peoria Avenue near MetroCenter Mall tends to be better stocked and have the newest craft releases a bit sooner than this store GrGHVKec258eN1_gtJwS1w  gentlemen: the tiny bottles of exotic colors are not bought by children. Nor is there a gigantic acrylic-painting movement among Munchkins. Your acrylic paint buyers are adults "There are ONLY two people who work in this HUGE store today and neither know where lamp oil is or were able to call a manager because the ""manager is busy in a meeting."""  the crafts have to sell themselves and thank goodness for the employees here that artists and people that do crafts on a regular basis find the need to buy supplies here or this place would be out of business quickly if based only on the customer service."  back to the parking...  The parking at this whole shopping center sucks butt.  Avoid it all all costs around the major shopping days like Black Friday or Christmas Eve!  Consider yourself warned.  ;)"  I've never had any crazy experiences at Michaels. Their birthday bag/box/tissue paper/etc. stuff is way overpriced. But their discount selection is great. And I can always find cool stuff. I have a daughter  as I am sure it will turn out to be a much better store! Good luck with the reno!"  if you need art supplies I'd head to this Michael's every time. Don't forget to DL the app!!" Just reading the reviews seems that this Michaels store is getting a new look which I agree is overdue. They don't carry as much stock as most Michaels because of the space they're in but other than that I've never had a problem when visiting this store."  and for your friendly staff...very glad that this place is nice and close.  My art projects appreciate it." It's not the easiest place to find your way around but Robert was EXtremely helpful!! my experience a little more pleasant.  the manager of the framing section. He was very polite and helpful. He had us leave the framed print for remounting and personally handled the work the next day at no charge. We couldn't be happier with the quality of the work and the way in which we were treated." "It felt like a smaller location where there's a little bit of every dept but nothing really expansive. The arts section was small and the art pencils are limited or they ran out/not well stocked. I didn't find all of what I needed  this last time was different me and my gf received and email coupon for 50% off for Halloween promo my girl needed more yarn so we decided to both go and I would use my coupon for an extra yarn for her. After we were done shopping and ready to pay I noticed everyone was using a coupon the gentleman who was working cash register seemed very nice to other customers as soon as I came up and asked him how he was his mood changed he did not answer my question and asked if that was all I said yes sir and I showed him my coupon he said oh another one There was a nice clerk at the front; she was the store's only saving grace from 1 star. :)" knowledgeable & moves the lines quickly when she is at the cash register. I think she is a great asset to your store  and hope your company recognizes what a great employee they have!!!"  patient and helpful in presenting different options to compliment the photo. David showed us different color combinations of mats and frames. He would change things up until we found the perfect fit. He also helped us utilize the coupons for the best savings. Kudos to Michaels for having an employee like David  I saw how much this one lacks. They didn't have entire sections the other locations offer. The customer service isn't good either. I wish that for the hassle of parking alone they would offer more. Especially since it is a popular location. I would rather drive up to Paradise Valley than go here." Chances are I won't be returning after my last visit. I can just as easily go to the Michael's up the street from my house or venture over to Paradise Valley where I have the choice between Michael's and Hobby Lobby."  you should be able to breeze through.  The Michaels near MetroCenter is bigger and have wider inventory.  You may also need to stop by other Michaels all over the valley and may be surprised they carried what some others did not.  I also had great customer service in the past when there was a limited edition Christmas mini clear rubber stamps sets (the popular $1 ones) that I had been on the lookout for  suggestive & steer you dow the right path... reasonabl turnaround time ....can't go wrong" Thank you Fast Frame!" "A heartbreaking accident left my favorite print damaged. It had belonged to my grandmother and was a representation of her modern style that I loved. It was in pieces  have always been incredibly helpful in finding the best combination of matting and frames.   I just got my mother-in-laws hand painted art work that she created over 60 years ago reframed and they understood the meaning of what I was attempting to recreate. I wouldn't go anywhere else in this town. And one more thing their prices are always fair and the turn around time is excellent." I'd definitely return in the future." I found this place using yelp and I was not disappointed.  Friendly staff who worked with me to stay in my budget. The ladies there have always been helpful when I needed it.  What I love most about this place is how it's more like an old Cloth World than a spiffy new Jo-Ann.  I'm sure one day this location will get the big make over Being in Scottsdale I really thought this store would be the same as the one in Arrowhead and Desert Ridge.....no. I walked in and thought I had walked into some sort of Joann's clearinghouse  or outlet store. Wow. Very uninviting. It looks like they moved into an existing warehouse and put zero money into making the store look nice. I didn't find what I was looking for and left without buying anything. I think I'll stick to the other two stores I normally go to. Sometimes is an adventure when going out with my friends We were sad that they had no eatable underwear in stock."  but don't worry guys they had costumes and colorful undercarriage for men too! Although they did advertise great deals on DVDs it was the outdated VHS tapes and reading material that caught my attention And since I go there a lot I know they aren't marking up there prices!  They have a great selection & the people have always been very helpful & nice.  I have also run in there when I need an item to finish up a painting (there paint supplies are a bit pricey) but there frames are great! Don't go during the lunch hour as they share there lot with several popular restaurants!"  and good prices.  Sure the price isn't going to top the deals you can get with coupons at Michael's My only negative comment.  The Katubah looks so good in its frame that we want to hang it now." I definitely recommend this place for any framing you need to do." My husband and I were doing errands and on our way to Michael's to frame two items. He saw Aaron's Brothers and I am so glad he did. They were so helpful and picked out items that made everything so easy and reasonable!!!! Thank you! "I can't recommend this place enough - we had a world map measuring 4 feet by 6 feet; the staff at Aaron Brothers was great in helping us get a good looking frame for a great price (cheaper than several other places we checked) My husband and I needed a frame for one of our photos so we ended up at Aaron Brothers. The staff was incredibly friendly and helped us find exactly what we needed. They have a really unique selection of frames too! I'm definitely a fan.  and they have a buy one get one for a penny sale often enough that you can score some serious deals. They have every possible size and shape frame and when there is a sale on or if you have a coupon it's really no more expensive than Michael's or other bigger box stores. Great selection of art/craft supplies and fun stuff for the kids as well. I feel like Aaron Brothers is kind of a sleeper but more people should put it in their rotation." Was quoted over $150 to replace a piece of glass on a picture.  Went to a local independent frame shop and had the glass replaced for under $39 including remounting the picture. Seems a good bet that the Aaron Brothers are related to the James Brothers.  The only difference is that Jesse and Frank didn't have a website! Love the people here. So friendly and genuinely interested in helping you. Very reasonable prices. Beth and Nicola were fun and knowledgable!  and for the small art section they do have some more unique items that you don't necessarily find at a Michaels. However 90% of the items are not labeled properly or have no price tags so I found myself constantly having to bring items one by one as I found them and ask for the price. I actually ended up buying something I thought was $5 less because the whole lot was advertised wrong. It was extremely frustrating because I brought in a family member and talked up the store and their ""Storewide"" Summer Sale We are talking about $3 a yard for some expensive fabric people!"  not so classy looking prints as well.  Their prices simply cannot be beat.  I was at a Joann shortly before my visit here and I was looking at upholstery fabric.  The fabric I was admiring was about 40 bucks a yard.  You can find a similar style here for about 10 bucks a yard.  You really can't beat the prices!  They also have a cool section in the back where you can find closeout deals on some great fabrics The fabrics are an even better deal!  I signed up for their newsletter and email alerts and get info about sales and classes.  I don't know how to sew  great selection and most especially great prices! You can find wonderful upholstery fabric at a fraction of other stores. They are in the process of remodeling E80cnPB9ve2Z5QeOhrkv5A  but they can also be a bit snippy (hah... fabric puns). Several times I have asked them for something and they have told me that I was incorrect/looking for the wrong thing. Maybe I was looking for the wrong thing  not too far away on Cave Creek - their selection is positively huge (especially compared to the selection here) which makes it a lot easier to look past their spotty customer service." "The best place for fabric! I recently needed quite a bit of fabric for a project I had.. After shipping at the normal chain stores I decided to stop here in a whim and I am so glad that I did. Their prices are half of other fabric stores and their customer service is outstanding. They have hell me so much with my project Great Fabric Store with Great low prices! Mostly everything is $8.99 a yard. Plus they give out great ideas and advice.  batting & material.  Thank you to Ruby (an employee) for giving me so much instruction!!!  I don't know if I'd have the confidence to tackle this project without having talked to you.  And now I'm looking forward to taking on the next project... whatever that might be!  The prices & selections of the material here is great." Dee's also has costume rentals so if you ever need a crazy costume at the last minute Dee's can help you out with that too!" That's probably not  attractive as reality that you might imagine..." Do not go here. Horrible costumer service. Return policy from the dark ages...even on unopened nonpersonal item bought just hours before. Surprised they think that they can still treat people this way when there are so many other wonderful options. Just had a wonderful experience at Dee's. They were very understanding of my daughters body shape and fitting her into a leo that fit her beautifully and left her feeling confident. Could not have asked for more- I will disagree with their return policy which is why the few stars less. There is no refund  even on unworn things. It's either exchange or store credit. Just not a fan of that policy." "It was a pleasure to support a local specialty shop.  The staff was extremely helpful and the prices were fair.  This shop is tucked away in the strip mall at Bell and Tatum.  If you have dance wear or exercise clothing needs  I would have walked right back out. It irked me that I was going to drop money. A nice younger looking girl helped us. She wears glasses and she as sweet as can be. I will not return to this location as the ""manager"" had a resting bitch face on her the entire time we were in the store I'm sorry you have to work on Saturdays  and I found what I needed. The lady who worked with me seemed more than happy to help me and get more and more sizes 