 their seafood su and dragon roll always hit the spot.  They also have Chinese food if you actually want your fish cooked.  And the service is consistently fast and friendly.  Five stars!" You never have to wait for a table and its a great place for a group dinner before heading out for some drinks uptown."  especially if you're staying at the Hilton Hotel in Uptown Charlotte.   You don't get more convenient than that!"  one of the girls I was with knew the manager and she alleviated the issue. I love that they have sushi specials that come with soup or salad at a reasonable price. The sushi tasted fresh and the spicy tuna had my mouth burning which is a great thing. Their portions for lunch on the hot dishes looked ginormous so I will be checking that out next. In and out in less than an hour-good times. Two words for you Fujo---Sushi Buffet!!!"  portion sizes are ok and they come with an egg roll."  bad news for those of us with precious little free time during the workday.  Go a little before 12 White tuna sushi was great! But the Pad Thai just ok.  Next time i'll stick to the sushi  who doesn't love a fortune cookie?!" Decent Asian lunch fare in Uptown. All the reviews saying don't go during peak lunch hours are spot on. Looong wait if you do. The sushi is good not great and the typical Generaol Tso's type Chinese fare is darn good! Owner was extremely polite.  Waitress was not the best.  Brought me the wrong beer and the wrong sushi (even after a lengthy explanation that I wanted salmon roe...not salmon or a salmon roll).  The sushi itself was ok but not as good as I would expect from an Uptown establishment.  so they validate your parking ticket (after 5pm) for the deck in the Hilton- which is always nice!" Popped in here for lunch the other day while on vacation and loved it.  Great steamer selections which I love b c they are ultra healthy.  They also have brown rice if you ask which is nice.  I haven't had the opportunity to try the sushi yet but I heard it's great.  Lucky for the Wells Fargo workers the location is perfect as you don't even have to leave the building to enjoy it!  I'm jealous! I agreed with Aymie C. that the Greeter Hostess here can be aloof and not the most frendly." Nestled right beside the Hilton hotel and across from Panera bread is a quaint little Chinese & Japanese restaurant. I'd stray away from calling it fusion because the dishes look either strictly Chinese or Japanese. Chinese options include various sauteed dishes with fried meats. Japanese options include all your japanese food fare (so I'd venture to call this a Japanese restaurant that decided to serve Chinese food).  Dinner on a week night around 8pm was pretty empty so no wait for seating. I ordered the rainbow roll and spider roll. Everything was just A-OK. Solid place with good sushi but nothing mind blowing." The service was great. I got drink refills without asking and they generally left us alone so we could talk. Perfect."  so I have no idea if they run specials throughout the week.  I will absolutely come back next time I'm here I went on a Saturday at lunch not very busy ... Friday I went by for lunch and it was busy with the downtown office people. Service and food was great... got the dragon and volcano rolls very good! And tasty fried dumplings... if I ever find myself in Charlotte again I will return. "I was traveling for work and stayed at the Hilton so figured I would check Fujo out. Great service and really delicious sushi! The prices were very reasonable and the portions were large. I got a spicy tuna roll (always good) and a volcano roll and they were so good. I also got a rainbow martini  especially the Godzilla roll. Get on it!" Really my only [minor] complaint was the service. The manager (I assume) was quite nice  it was worth the try but I will need to see what else my beautiful Charlotte has to offer." "I was in town for business and ordered the Panther Roll and a Cosmopolitan for dinner. Loved the sushi at Fujo! The atmosphere was great i am from Cali; and we love our sushi; was worried that i might never find good sushi while here. This place proved me wrong; great sushi; super quick for call ins and across fom my school; so excited! Might be a weekly place for me!!  Awful sushi.  Should have known something was amiss when it was empty at 6:30 on a Friday night.  Surely there are better places in town." Service: Truly excellent!"  but I would order different rolls." "I've come here on and off a bunch of times over the years and never had a less than solid meal.  The food is ""b+"" Asian cuisine and the service is always rock solid.  For a quick  but the Godzilla roll at Fujo just completely blew me away.  It is the best sushi I have ever had.  Delicious just doesn't fully describe it.  When the menu says ""Must try"" they aren't kidding.  It is spicy tuna and avocado fried tempura style and topped with special sauce.  The sauce was superb.  The roll is large Do yourself a favor and get over to Fujo's! It's definitely worth a try!"  awesome.  The amount of fish was great and it was very fresh. The rice was perfectly cooked and not too much either  I'd stop in. The service is fast & pretty friendly. The sushi is nothing to write home about Wonderful restaurant and evening all around!" "This review does not apply to sushi. The Chinese food here are typical American Chinese  we were disappointed with the food we relieved. It was BLAND! There was no flavor at all. I can't say enough how upset I am with the lack of consistency this restaurant has. We'll take our business somewhere else." Having limited options in Uptown I gave this place a few chances.  It's just not good.  I got some eel that wasn't fresh and I haven't been able to eat eel since.  I also think their miso soup is actually chicken broth with some miso tossed in. This is the worst sushi place in charlotte. Their communication is ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE. My boyfriend and I bought the groupon only to find out later it was dine in only. We finally set a time to go eat in the restaurant after a Bobcats game. The website clearly stated the restaurant closed at 10pm. We arrived at 930 to eat and were told the kitchen was closed and even though we had walked out of the way to eat there that they won't honor the groupon to go. Already I am completely discussed by the service and business all together.  but it's probably not Charlotte's best work from a culinary standpoint."  and it does seem to be a lot of food for a decent price.  The service here is quick and efficient.  You can get in and out at lunch time in 30 minutes or less.  If you get your order to go  it was def not my best groupon date night. Live and learn!" "Loved the maki sushi rolls. The service was good. The food was fantastic. Parking is validated if you park in the WF Center garage I will never return here when I come back to Charlotte." Solid sake menu and the staff was helpful in deciding which one to go with. Sushi rolls had an interesting spin but nothing out of the ordinary.  but we had politely and calmly spoke to them and asked about it. We walked out and went to Emzy for sushi instead and it had great service and excellent food." I had the pleasure of visiting this place yesterday.  I ordered the Malaya sauce with chicken and scallop with a spicy sushi roll.  I purchased the LivingSocial deal and it was worth it. Not horrible but given the Uptown choices (Room 112 Good fresh sushi- I go once a week. This a great place for a quick lunch in uptown Charlotte.  The service is always exceptional and the food is very good.  I normally order the tangerine or general tso chicken.  It's delicious with the right amount of heat.  I definitely recommend Fujos for lunch. "I have been trying to find a good Chinese place ever since I moved here from AZ and this is the first restaurant (along with SOHO) that has been like- able. Food seemed somewhat fresh Those that ate entrees complained of stomach issues later." They do have other non-sushi dishes.  The other guy at lunch had soup and dumplings.  Looked decent.  He seemed to enjoy his selection."  and the Charlotte Delight Roll. All three were very good. The Sunset roll was my favorite cause I loved that garlic sauce on top. The Godzilla roll was my husbands favorite.....though  but totally worth it once you do. Probably my favorite Charlottean Asian restaurant and I had never even heard of them 2 months ago. Their sushi is very fresh  great taste. Outstanding service. Overall good experience and will definitely be back. Good sushi It's a safe place to go for the less-than-adventurous lunch crowd that's looking to ""try something new"".  It won't knock your socks off  but they'll do it as long as you're not a crappy tipper. They have never forgotten anything in my order and come prepared with utensils  and food also was.  May be trying it again "Fujo is one of my go-to spots for lunch.  I normally go around 11:30am since it gets very crowded after noon.  Lots of office workers call in orders and then wait in the lobby for pickup.  This can cause the bar seating to feel a bit cramped "I recently switched offices and have discovered this place for lunch. Great sushi Always great service and awesome food! Passing by the restaurant and smelling the aroma makes you want to stop in and ask for a fresh plate of food! They always serve a lot of food and it tastes amazing! Great Asian food in Uptown :)  even though the place was not jammed.  Somewhat disappointing.  This place serves Chinese food also  but solid expected flavors. The biggest reason for the three stars was the volcano roll. The description of the roll and price reflected crab meat AND scallop baked on to the top. To my disappointment The coastal roll and steak takati roll are both a must! Definitely a great go-to place if you're staying in Charlotte on business! Right next to Hilton so after a long day no need to walk around the entire city looking for food. "Got the steak tataki roll and Cajun roll. Both are very good and filling. Atmosphere is nice. Hubby got sesame chicken and they give you a large portion. Food is very good and the plating is nice. My only complaint is that we went twice and both servers were not good. First one was a little cocky and arrogant. Second server really didn't care about his job. He literally walked up to us and didn't greet us but said ""Want anything besides water?"" Not a lot of other tables were there but he was super slack. Drinks were low and the manager owner actually walked out of his office to give us refills. Server then asked if we wanted dessert and we declined. You would of thought he would bring the check out to us after that. No  and delicious food. Favorites are panther and Godzilla roll!" Fancy name; great location; not so good food! Less than average Chinese restaurant... Visited for lunch because it was within close proximity of my job.. Won't ever do it again!! The quality of the sushi was also a plus for the price. There are a lot of sushi places in Charlotte and I think Fujo was a great value for the money. I will definitely return again."  I'm not sure it was really chicken. I hardly ate much of the mystery meat or chicken fat that had been pounded down flat and sold as chicken  my favorite Godzilla roll is now $11.75. It's just over the top pricing for lunch. I really think they will lose business this way Please take my advice and don't support this kind of behavior." Super unprofessional and rude. Not sure if I'll even go back." I am a college graduate of the local Culinary school hear in Charlotte and I am extremely displeased in how unprofessional this restaurant has handled their poor sanitation issue regarding a customer. I will not be returning  Kung Pow Chicken. Dumplings were good tasting but small and the wonton not fried crisp. Kung Pow chicken came with red bell pepper and no peanuts.  Not the description in the menu.  I sat at the Sushi Bar I always tell myself to try some of the other specialty rolls but I can't bring myself to pass on my two faves...It might require me to develop a new allergy to shrimp or cream cheese."  although it did look pretty amazing with all the colorful caviar. I ordered the Cajun Roll because I've never had crawfish in sushi and the cajun spice sounded intriguing Good sushi for a good price. Excellent spring rolls and egg drop soup as well. Great service and really enjoyed the patio outside. We will be back for sure. Firecracker roll was very good!  If you like spider roll you will love it.  Service was attentive & friendly.  Great view of the courtyard. Very happy i triedthis place.  the food seemed to decline and the atmosphere is really not much to offer." Below average sushi at above average price..not worth it. Friendly staff and quick service. Our family comes here most Friday's and they always treat us and our children well. It's uptown in a nice environment but I will not go back  affordable and solid service.  I've only had the Chinese and not the sushi; I can tell you the Singapore rice noodles are great as are the stir frys. Am easy and dependable go-to restaurant if you staying near by on business and don't want to pay the mediocre and expensive room service." Okay but not great sushi.  well... its' a great place when I don't want to cook and want to just walk and get take out...."  that is priced above what it should be at." I actually think that the owner lady seems not so friendly. I'd go here for lunch....def not dinner!"  and the sushi isn't too expensive.  Plus you get to watch them make it on a plasma screen tv." Blech!  Maybe I should have known better than to seek out sushi in Wisconsin?  For the sake of Madison  to their selection of sushi rolls to their bento boxes and their decor (you can watch the dude make your sushi on tape on a monitor in the front of the restaurant). I am a vegetarian so I always get one of the noodle dishes and a vegetarian sushi plate. In my humble opinion the food tastes authentically japanese  the quality is still superb and I personally prefer this place than Muramoto."  I will say that that my friend's father started this place after taking sushi classes and that he has improved his sushi rolling skills a LOT over the years. Anywho. I had sushi from this place b/c a bf brought some over once (I used to live like half a block away from here). So the verdict? I've had worse and I've definitely had better. But honestly "I personally rank this place as the best sushi restaurant in town. They don't use msg and its safe for pregnant woman like me. I've tried muramoto "Came here while in town visiting a relative and wanting to get some sushi together.  This place was a huge disappointment.  The place was overpriced and left me with a not so fresh feeling.  I dont recall everything that I had  but was shocked to see that it was a quarter full.  I was really disappointed and felt a little cheated." GOOO NOW! Treat Yourself !"  the prices don't really match your dining experience (i.e. fast food / self-service). The food can also be over salted at times. I wouldn't order sushi here  and the Oshonokanomiyaki (not sure if I got that name quite right) is super-delicious at weekday lunch--with interesting sauce(s?) over the top. We're not the ones to report on the actual seafood sushi Everything was incredibly fresh and delicious. I love the television screen where you can watch your sushi being made. Presentation was impressive and taste was even better! The owners were wonderful  definitely a step above ""grocery store"" rolls.  I thought the rice they used was very good.  So I haven't tried a lot of menu items ' even though the soda is extremely watered down. But I can't complain too much because the food was otherwise great all around. The donburi had a flavorful kick of spices and generous portions of beef (except maybe just a tiny bit too much ginger)  this place can compete with others in town!"  it's quite impressive when compared to all the other places in Madison...Sushi Box has more than the standard choices that every place in Madison has. This is the best place in town for sushi." One thing that is very cool is that you can see your sushi being made on a flat screen TV."  I typically order a Philly roll whenever I get sushi. I have yet to find a Philly roll that is fresher or more delicious than Sushi Box's. I am seriously addicted!!! Sushi Box also has a unique roll called the Packer roll that I often order. It has string cheese  just don't expect an amazing atmosphere or fancy dining. What you will get is very friendly service and a good value." Sushi Box has been consistently great!! I love the small space and the owner is very friendly. Most of the sushi is very affordable. We will continue to be regular customers =)  and egg roll. My favorite is the asparagus roll. The green tea really hit the spot last night too."  not expensive; always fresh.  Very friendly people and I actually like the casual decor.  They make orders out up quickly too!  Not a great place for a fancy date Best sushi I've had in a long time. Highly recommend stoping for some excellent sushi and udon. The sushi was very fresh!  easy going setting. Come as you are! Owner is super sweet. Been here nearly a dozen times This is a real nice sushi shop. Reminds me of places in Japan. Sauces are the best. Teriyaki chicken dish is well done. Presentation is excellent. They really want you to have a good meal and they take care of the details. Fair prices and also has great other options on the menu aside from the sushi - my favorite is the Tonkatsu with the stir fried veggies - reminds me of my mom's!" The five star review is mostly about bringing their overall score up to about a four star review which is where it belongs." Very good sushi for an affordable price. I ate tofu with rice but my family had rolls and they said they were remarkable. The place itself could  be improved. I'm definitely a fan of this place. It's simple and satisfies your sushi cravings. Everything is very affordable and the owners are very nice.  trendy atmosphere but perfect sushi date spot. Sushi was good Overall this was probably the best sushi I have had in Madison to date and I will definitely be going back for more. Good stuff!"  but fresh and delicious."  and great entree options. Not to mention great sushi! Highly recommend everything and anything on the menu  or pull up a chair and watch the sushi being made on a TV screen in restaurant area." "I'm a Japanese food snob. This place wasn't exactly Japanese but it was pretty close. My only complaint was that it was expensive for what you get. Didn't realize there were lunch specials so i spent about $50 for lunch for three people. Mori soba  very quit I was the only customer which I don't mind and hey it's a Tuesday at 6pm. Ordered a Godzilla roll two pieces of shrimp tempura and a sweet potato tempura... Very good quality just a wee expensive but I don't mind I did just eat very fresh sushi in the Midwest... Ordering was kinda strange made it feel like fast food... Not a sit down kinda restaurant... Overall it was a good experience I will be going back"  and I hope someone helps the proprietress get over her unhealthy obsession with the cost of doing business: credit card fees and even non-reused sushi order forms are simply part of what happens in the American economy these days." "I'm a big fan of sushi and was not impressed by anything here. I'm surprised by all the good reviews it received. I was here for dinner and tried the seaweed salad  it is actually owned and staffed by Japanese people. The rolls are not flashy and there aren't fancy sauces-it is just well done fresh fish. Prices tend to be a bit higher than other places in Madison but you get what you pay for and portions are larger. For good cheap sushi  it was probably some of the worst sushi I've ever eaten. The soda and water had a different taste to them  relatively quick sushi place. All made to order and very fresh. Not the fanciest but very reliable. We've been coming for years. Some of our favorites are the rainbow roll and jalapeo roll." Ever since we moved to Madison we have gone many times to Sushi Box and I though it was time for me to right a review. The atmosphere/ ambience is nice! I really like how you are able to see the chef prepare the sushi! The service is fine! The food really good the sushi is very and fresh and taste full there are also many options of deffrent types of sushi witch I like! If you are a sushi lover you should go to Sushi Box!  I know what great Japanese is. This is it!  Have the katsudon!!" Holy Value! Sushi is very well done and LARGE. A lunch with appetizer and bottled water cost around 10 bones. Very clean and comfortable. Elegant and simple in the Japanese tradition.  I don't mean to imply that the owner and staff at Fate are malicious. The food isn't good enough  bordering on frustrating.  The food wasn't nearly good enough to justify the poor service- although our waitress suddenly became very accommodating and friendly when we handed her cash + 4 credit cards and told her we were giving her a $50 tip on a $200 check.  Maybe we should have told her that when we had gotten there!"  when I was asked to ""please wait outside"" for my table. Are you kidding me? The food ain't THAT good."  so it saddens me it isn't a place I can call home." Oh and forget trying to go there on First Fridays...It's MADNESS."  the staff was not as nice. Went on a ""first friday"" again but it was raining so no one was out. Had reservations but waited a bit to be seated. Was again seated in the ""garage"" but when a second party came into the garage Fate is a restaurant that seems to cater to individuals that place ambiance very highly in their dining experience. The food isn't great nor is it well priced  hit up Hunan Express and then just go straight to Myst or Drift or where ever the shiny shirts happen to be on that given night.  Nuf sed." Like I said I don't eat a lot of chain food - but even the Pei Wei at 7th ave and McDowell is way better in terms of food quality." so I don't see what all the negitive fuss is about.....I think its a great place...yes service could be better but other then that loved fate its open till 2:30am and has good food? where else would you go to get something like that? LA?"  and the time I thought I saw my friend stuff her egg roll into a spring roll wrapper to eat it.  Worst elements:  the slightly pretentious seating policy on first Fridays  but they aren't hired to be good servers. They are typically hired because they are edgy or cute enough  be sure to make a reservation and it's generally speaking a more enjoyable atmosphere for smaller parties (ie  this was fun"" knowing very well you will never see or speak to this person ever again.  And you just can't explain why.  This is how I feel about Fate." years ago and i will continue to do so." But I'm still gonna bring hubby here sometime to eat The food is excellent. I've never had a bad experience. I'm definitely addicted to the ying yang noodles with tofu I have always had at least adequate service on First Fridays.  The rest of the time  but he sounded up my alley. We totally hit it off and had all kinds of romantic dinners and wild nights. Then we got married and made tons of babies and they all grew up to become supreme court justices. This is how I feel about Fate."  and from what my vegetarian friend told me it was just as great.  If you are one of those office types grinding away in a downtown phoenix building slowly losing your soul I think that about covers it." Hoping it was just an off night "I've been here for lunch once.  When I went the weather was beautiful and sitting outside near the garage  this place definitely seems lacking.  Less flavorful and not as authentic.  If I ever had a choice between the two  who am I to complain? (The Drunk One didn't.) Besides VsO_rhXi5lgbaGxNwoEZsQ  Fate. There are plenty of other places opening up downtown and we'll start to take our business there. I love what you're doing to downtown Phoenix My only complaint is that the place gets a little stuffy in the summer." I used to love this place when the food was better and it was less pretentious years ago.  Now its just overrated and overhyped.  A true sign of how a lack of competition allows even the worst to survive." I had Pad Thai and crab puffs... both amazing.  Keep wanting to go back... hopefully I get the chance soon. Gary and I need to compare their crab puffs with our other favorite crab puffs so we can pick a personal favorite crab puff in Phoenix."  the food the atmosphere and even the wait staff! It was a fantastic downtown experience and can see why everyone loves the place. The urban jungle atmosphere and zen like indie art on the walls truly completed the asthetics and made for a beautiful back drop. Both dishes we orderd were delcious. I love the way they prepared the tofu. Superb! Nest door is a lounge i believe with a DJ spinning some chill grooves. It was a great date joint. So I highly recommend it! 4 and a 1/2 stars....."   we had the thai spring rolls and saigon egg rolls for starters. I really enjoyed the egg rolls. spring rolls were good as well but there was just 2.  For the main courses we had Xa HO Fun with beef and chicken. dont get the beef just chicken as the meat is mediocre. The waitress mentioned this to me  but I have ADD and did't listen!  We also had the house dynamite and this was very good.  the cookies that come with the bill were GREAT!    Cool atmosphere and really enjoyed Simon lutrin's artwork which can be seen  at simonlutrin.com.  check it out you will be glad you did!"  I would say the place is fun.  I wouldn't drive all the way downtown for it...but if I was in the area  Christmas and rice. Those are some pricey fuckin' drinks. The ambiance is cool but it doesn't justify it. Not to this wretched skank's soul."  but the food reasonable. This translates over to next door where they charge 9 bucks for a well drink. They also treat you like scum. I'm only giving this restaurant a 4 because I pay a lot more attention to food quality and taste than I do service. I also love the fact they are open late. I work til 10pm most nights so its good to have an option that isn't fast food."  but you get a consistent meal at China Chili where they also know how to regulate the heat in their food.  Apparently their chefs actually taste their dishes."  and to be seen is what you're paying for. If you enjoy being treated like shit and fed food that I wouldn't feed in a troth for pigs--you may enjoy this place and good for you!"  but lacks on every other level. I live three blocks away so its upsetting to see a place with so much potential fail." "The bartender remembered my name. HA! Fate is rad... dining experience not so much. Actually Ive never eaten here. We either decided not to go through it or someone ate my dinner because they had too many cocktails. When you go  and I honestly have trouble narrowing down which martini is the best.  The pad thai martini is just amazingly weird enough to be good And what about those little wafer cookies they give you at the end? They are like air! But better! (...they have calories...maybe they are not like air...but in a perfect world? Like Air!)" VsO_rhXi5lgbaGxNwoEZsQ I've had better food but this is a good place to chill at... not to mention they have GOOD Mojito's!! It would have been rated a zero star but I gave it 2 because now they are a bar too and that portion is pretty cool."  the whole negative-for-every-positive thing kind of describes our whole experience at Fate. We loved the bar area but weren't big fans of the drinks. We appreciated the cool vibe of waiting outside a house to be seated but weren't thrilled with how inhospitable the hostess was. We thought the inside of the restaurant was well-presented but hated the imprints those horrible stools left on our thighs. We thought some aspects of the food were great but that others were sub-par. Didn't love all of it At least give Fate a shot once. If you don't like it I will let you punch me in the gut."  the food is pretty good but it's not the best I've ever had. The parking situation kind of sucks which is a slight turn off as well. I've been a few times and tried a few different menu items and they all rate about the same in my book... those little cookie/wafer things they give you with the check though are really good. In fact  you have mediocre food and a staff with the deadly combination of clueless and pretentious. No thank you. I know everyone seems to love Fate  I'd eat there again....but I'd rather just grab a good Asian fusion meal when I'm out of town."  I'm trying to be artsy- outfits they go out in public in. Just get the food to-go and you'll be alright." sorry Fate i know you mean well to the asian cuisine community  but despite the odd color the flavor was amazing. The meals were fairly priced. I believe my dinner was around the same price as my first drink...$10.00-$12.00. I enjoyed the artistic ambiance. The staff was polite and our food and drinks were delivered to us promptly. I have read other reviews about the hostess's being rude...luckily I haven't experienced that. Even if I had e negative staff experience I would still recommend Fate for the food alone." One thing you notice if you go there before sunset (when there's a decent amount of daylight shining into the restaurant) is the dirt.  The backs of the white plastic chairs are covered in dirty handprints.  Nothing some bleach and elbow grease won't cure "Been there 3 times.  Like the location as well as the food.  It proves that people that are younger then me and ""hip"" still appreciate great food. Not a big fan or oriental food but I love this place.  The portions are substantial.  I have enjoyed taking friends there and have them think I am nuts for taking them there on the way in and having them thank me on the way out.  If you want to step out of the norm and have some great food this is the place for you." VsO_rhXi5lgbaGxNwoEZsQ Fate really deserves two and a half stars rather than three." Recommend going down there on the first Friday of the month when they do First Friday's and it is just wonderful to see all of the artist with their stands out at night. Oh  and even with a reservation I've ended up waiting 10 or 15 minutes." I'd like to try this place out again  wonderful creative ingredients on the entire menu and the cocktail menu was pretty cool as well. My husband tried some sort of basil ginger tini last time - it was wonderful! I would give the place five stars if the seats and service were nicer."  and the food was always fabulous.  Not so this last time.  The food was AWFUL.  I assumed that Johnny Chu was still the chef OK...sooo...I don' t really remember exactly what our entrees were called (please refer to top paragraph). But we had shrimp and chicken dishes. Mine was spicy chicken Someone mentioned that ownership changed hands with the name changing VsO_rhXi5lgbaGxNwoEZsQ VsO_rhXi5lgbaGxNwoEZsQ  we came across Conspire (on fifth st!)!  We look quizickly up at the closest street sign (5th street) and down the street (5th street).  Wha?!  Damn you downtown Phoenix with your numbered streets and avenues and repeating streets!" See my review of SENS.  That place just keeps getting better and better.  I am addicted.  We go very often and enjoy everything about the people and the food." "What a fun place! Just a hop and skip away from the light rail and the perfect stop during the art walk.  The food is tasty  which is the only time to go since it is dead during the week. On First Fridays they don't take reservations past a certain time and then you have to put your name on a list. Each time I've put my name on this list they have crossed it off without trying to locate me  up to 3a on the weekends. lots of vegetarian items on the menu "It seems that this restaurant has undergone quote a few changes. There were no crab puffs as everyone referred to in previous review. Food was good. Duck appetizer was fabulous. Be warned that as this is a VERY small restaurant with the kitchen adjacent to the tables "Yes I know this place is now apparently closed but I only went their once and had a really good time. It was March 2006 "The food at Little Shanghai is plentiful and reasonably priced.  The architecture and ambiance is a little dated but still has a high level of authenticity that is fitting and functional.  I haven't been to a better chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  The house chicken is to crave for late at night in your  refrigerator.  The sizzling beef should be a little more dangerous The decor is very 80's: grey tones and tons of mirrors with the strangest bathrooms ever. The stalls clearly used to be showers and the it is creepily well lit. Blinding even. Very strong smell in the restrooms also I checked this place out based on the Yelp reviews and I must admit.... The food was great and prices are good. We will be going back in the near future!!  dinner and my drinkin' needs met. And it's cheap enough to order out and have an awesome Chinese dinner at home. Recommendations: The house sesame chicken There were lots of locals eating there. If I lived in the area I'd be a regular." This is my favorite chinese restaurant!  I go about twice and month and if I lived closer I would go more often.  Their mongolian beef is great!  Their lunch special is a great deal if you dine in.  good prices but service was slow as molases and there was only 3 other tables occupied when we we there."  there was certainly nothing about the decor to recommend eating in versus takeout." The house fried rice is tasty and the egg rolls are pretty good. It looks like I need to try this Pu Pu Plater everyone is raving about." This place has pretty good. Food was fresh and the service was good. Just not the best chinese food I have had in phoenix. Let's just say it wasn't the best meal I ever had." We spent a casual 2 hours with great food in a comfy place for twenty bucks apiece including wine and beers.  the food was fresh and properly prepared - a good Chinese restaurant catering to Arcadia Honkies." I.do not care what anyone says if you are in the mood for greasy delicious and heavy chinese go here...the mooshu pork and house fried rice are delicious...the sesame chicken and potstickers are to die for...gave it 4 stars because the decor is not great and the service is touch and go but its great if want great take out!!! They deliver too!!! Yay!! Just ordered food from here this evening for delivery. I have NO idea how this place gets 4 1/2 stars on here.  It was the worst chinese food I have ever eaten.  We ordered sesame chix which was soggy and gross. The eggrolls were overpriced and are more like a spring roll. the lomein is okay but will never get food from here again.  its like going next door to your friends house and having her Chinese Grandma cook for you!  Down home  there usually isn't a huge crowd for dinner (I'm not sure about lunch).  The decor isn't much to look at  still great food and service!!!!!!!!!!"  fresh ingredients and awesome staff. Doesn't look like much from the outside and inside is kinda plain and basic but the food is D'lish! I took some friends that didn't like Lo Mien ordered food while at work not only did we get about food over an hour late  but i've had better frozen eggrolls than this place and the rice was terrible. Definately have had much better food in the valley. I wouldn't go out of my way to head down this way to Little Shanghai unless there was a reason to be in the area  I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the combination noodle soup; I really enjoyed it; but only thing would be do not put in soy sauce in the soup; it was a little dark for me This place must have an insect infestation. About a month ago my sister ordered take out and found a cricket in her almond chicken. When she called and confronted them about the situation they showed no remorse or shock. The next day she took the food back. What is really disburing about this is that when I shared the story with my best friend she said she had a fly on her plate several years ago. I will never eat here again. "My very favorite Chinese food place in AZ. I have been going there for about 15 years now and the food is consistently delicious. The honey dipped wings are amazing! Poo Poo platter = yum. The house fried rice = yum. The shrimp chow mien =yum. I haven't tasted anything on their menu that I didn't love. Great service  so that's appreciated.  Delivery usually takes 45 minutes on a standard night.  Only complaint is that we've gotten food that is a little cold  good and lots of it.  Their lunch specials are very affordable.  Service was friendly and fast.  I always get their almond chicken and it is delicious.  Spring rolls are good as are the fried wonton.  I understand the soup is really good as well.  I've been back a few times and it is always good.  Getting lunch from there today for myself and two co-workers. :)"  Mongolian beef. I took a few bites and i was disgusted how raw the beef was. I don't mean med rare or rare. I mean raw! It was so unappetizing I just threw it in the trash. I can't find one redeeming quality about what I ate. Don't even get me started on the wife's entree and soup! Yuck! However  not just under cooked.  We stopped to  alert the management.  They refused to reverse the charges even though we dropped off their food to show them. The ridiculous reply was. ""You bit into the wings "Great treatment.  Tasty food.  Clean.  Friendly.  Price is right.  Very accommodating.  My first thought for Chinese food is to patronize Little Shanghai.  Bring your business here.  Even if you live a bit far away Very good food! Fast delivery!  but the rest of our order left a lot to be desired.  The crab puffs were missing a key ingredient....the crab!!!  That was really disappointing.  The beef and broccoli and cashew chicken didn't score high marks with our group.  Not sure we will give them another try."   bring the family.  I prefer lunch because you get more but dinner is great too.  Great service A fake plant in the corner was so thick with dust it made me question the cleanliness of the kitchen. Every door was dirty even the entrance doors which were glass and easy to clean. Food was not awesome. oh & I went into labor a few hours after this to top it all off. thanks little shanghai "The $6.50 lunch special here is an incredible deal. You get soup to start Nice food for the price. Typical American Chinese food. Portions were good and the cuts of meat were very good and tender. Sauces were good without being too sweet. Definitely will eat there again. Overpriced. Horrible food. An hour and 15 minute wait - are you kidding me? We won't be going back!!!  crab puffs and mixed fried rice. What a disappointing experience. The order was submitted at 5:52pm and it arrived -cold- at 7:06. The ribs where as ""hard"" to bite into as a piece of wood. The crab puffs appeared stale and tasteless. The only passable item in the order was the rice. The driver  reliable Chinese delivery in the center of town!" By far the best Chinese food in the valley. The interior decor is terribly dated and looks straight out of late 80s early 90s nightclub and lots of ceiling tiles need replacing. Many would view this as a drawback but they don't get the genius. The staff is friendly and familiar. Hot & Sour soup is the best item on the menu. Beef sticks are a close 2nd. The only mediocre dish is the duck. Overall a great place at a great price!!!! Would give them 10 stars if I could The waitress said they will be open through all the holidays including Xmas and New Year's.  Something to remember if you don't feel like cooking...." Over prices for quality! No lobster in seafood platter. Pushy and rude waitress. Owner picked his nose behind the bar before making a Mai tai! Seriously. Great authentic Chinese food! Will definitely be back. Doesn't look like much from the outside but it's what's inside that counts and it was amazing. "$35 for some noodles and burnt chicken. Wow. However Great take out. Sesame chicken a must try. Good stable for those nights when cooking is just too much. "Delivery took over 1.5 hrs.  Food was average but was not pleased with the delivery time The delivery time has always been about twenty minutes shorter than what was quoted. Every time. I love it. Thank you for a dependable For what it is - straight up Americanized Chinese food - this place is a great deal for great flavor. We usually can't go wrong with the sauted spicy shrimp and the string beans. The Hoisin beef is also really delicious.  Delivery is quick and they've never gotten our order wrong. It's definitely become our go-to for Chinese takeout. "Went here for the lunch special last week for the first time. I ordered the beef broccoli which came with egg flower soup first which was deliciously fresh and hot. Then came the lunch platter! Wow! Beef broccoli  atmosphere and seating arrangement. The staff is always extremely friendly and more than happy to cater to requests. Food is great for dine in  I've been coming here for 24 years I didn't know that they changed ownership!  They took the pretty art off the wall wouldn't know where you are by looking no art at all looks like a bar and they changed the almond clicked it comes in big chunks and the vegetables too and they charged me for hot tea! Won't be back "My family and I have been eating here for over ten years and love it. The ownership changed in the past year or two and for a while the food seemed a little different Ive been here twice in the past two years. Both for lunch hour. They were extremely slow both times(first time was with a work group of 15 and the second 3 weeks ago was 3 of us). Its good food nothing too special though. They have lunch specials and regular menu. I ordered the teriyaki chicken and it was delicious!  The portion size was big  the shrimp was rubbery and had a very intense fishy smell. The Mongolian beef had a weird taste to it and made my friend sick. The orange chicken was bland. Probably won't be ordering again. Boo I was hopeful by previous reviews."  almost always for lunch. A great spot for great Chinese food at a good price. Love this place..." Obsessed with their Orange Chicken:) Love how nice they are and I am supper picky when it comes to Chinese food. This will definitely be a regular lunch spot since it is so close to work." I don't know what they put in their food but it's soooo addicting! I order the chow mein and potstickers all the time and it's so good!  I also love that they deliver which makes it easy when I'm really lazy to cook. Tried it based on ratings and pleasantly surprised.   Food was delicious anf fresh.  My new go-to Chinese delivery for sure.  those are the two highlights. I ordered a shrimp dish that was so bland I couldn't tell which bites had the shrimp or were just white rice. The other dish was chicken and i took a few bites of it and wish it's only problem was blandness. Yuck.....those two dishes with one large rice and a large lemonade cost me over $30 never again" Good but not great. Some dishes are inconsistent but Phoenix is not the best city for Chinese They have a great beer selection and the service is always friendly." Only thing good here is the grandma salad and terr chicken. Everything else ordered hurt everyone's stomach after they ate it. Heads up!  real stuff.  Owned by real Chinese.  We have gone here for twenty years. Always a good and an honest meal at quite a fair price. Not cheap but not expensive. Quite nice inside too. I heartily recommend it. Get one of the big 