Very poor customer service in the contact lens department. Rude front desk staff. Will  not go back.  they will take good care of you!" The doctors that work here and the staff joke around with the kids and make them relaxed and try to relieve any anxiety that they might have.  They have a great bed side manner about them." The building is very clean and nice and all of the facilities (at least in Audiology) were new and state-of-the-art." THIS PLACE WAS AWFUL TO ME. I came in to get a scar on my nose fixed and the doctor told me he would take care of it but needed to do another surgery first. He screwed up the major surgery and I had to come in for a second surgery that I had to pay for. My scar ended up being WORSE than before I even came to them for help. They did NOTHING to correct this. Terrible. Really pleased with my experience here.  My doc is extremely helpful and nice and the staff and nurses are great as well!  the doctor finally saw me and he tells me I have hearing loss. He looks into my aching ear and bluntly tells me I have no infection but rather TMJ which really  was very disappointing.  The appointment was for my Mother who was previously told she could undergo a specific eye surgery and then upon arriving and pre-op review  travel with ease... its a miracle :)" Dr. Hoover is very personable and knowledgable and his staff members are very nice. The wait time is really challenging for a toddler...an hour past appointment time. I know wait time comes with specialists but this was a bit much. I plan on returning for a follow up with my daughter and have high hopes that it was just an off day. Billing sucks. We have been over paying for hearing aids for our daughter.  She got them in 2009 and both our insurance company and myself have paid more than the cost of the hearing aids and I just found out that they filed a collection. Noone at Ceenta can explain  the bill. We looking for a new Dr.  because they didn't think there was anything they could do to help. My frustration is that I waited a week for an appointment that was scheduled with the wrong doctor with a possibly serious medical condition for which I will now have to wait even longer to be seen for. When it comes to something which has already caused me so much anxiety and my desperate need for some answers My appointment was at 9. It's now 10 and I'm still waiting.  :-   everyone around me was here when I got here and are still waiting as well...  I would not return based on the lack or respect for my time.  When I finally got to see the dr at 10:30 she spent all of 4 minutes on me.  because they didn't think there was anything they could do to help. My frustration is that I waited a week for an appointment that was scheduled with the WRONG doctor with a possibly serious medical condition for which I will now have to wait even longer to be seen for. When it comes to something which has already caused me so much anxiety and my desperate need for some answers  and intense stomach pain. Now I am $100 plus down the drain from something that could have been prevented if I was given that simple information or a freaking laxative DAY 1. The nurse at the hospital told me I wasn't the only patient from there that has come to the hospital with the same exact symptoms due to the lack of information to the patient.THEY ARE MONEY HUNGRY!! THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT THE PATIENT.THEY CHARGED ME ANOTHER CO PAY FOR MY CT RESULTS! and another $25 to sign my Disability PAPERWORK. ( When they told me before if I filed it myself I wouldn't have to pay)  ARE YOU SERIOUS?!" Went back to CEENTA and they refused to refund my money. That is stealing!" Waited for 35 mins past appointment time. No respect for patients time. And still waiting. I gave these guys a one because I can't go below. Dr. Lovejoy promise to fix my nose with a septoplasty. My insurance was billed $28000 whereas the common cost of the procedure usually runs up to about six thousand. I am not pleased with the outcome as I continue to have nose bleeds and he keeps saying that it's normal after an entire year of surgery. The guy doesn't know what he is doing. I come here to get my annual eye exam and staff is so wonderful and helpful. I love all the convenient locations that they have. The selection of glasses to choose from is average but I always find a pair that I like. I would recommend making an appointment in a week or two advance because they fill up quickly. 