"" and those guys are not looking out for your best interest.  They just want lots of money.  At Sun Valley "Looking for cheap stereo for my pickup. They recommended bottom end Pioneer for $100 plus $30 install.  Fast service "I had bought an alarm system from somewhere else and came to these guys to get it installed.  Not only were they polite Any future car stereo needs I have will absolutely be directed to this long time Valley company and I recommend them without reservation to anyone needing anything car stereo related." I will definitely be back here to get everything else done. Low pressure sales that focuses on getting you what's right for you and not what makes them the most money. Combine that with quick expert installers and great prices and this is by far the BEST place in the valley to get your audio hookup"  it's on the south side of Thomas." My friend and I attempted to install an after-market stereo ourselves but ran into a bunch of problems and accidently shorted a few fuses.  The Sun Valley guys were able to fix the damage we caused and install everything perfectly in under an hour and the cost was still no more than a normal install."  and were able to work within my budget without cutting corners or breaking the bank. Thank you I had a hard time finding a car stereo this time around... I found one that I liked at Sun Valley. They were helpful but not pushy. Stereo prices were typical retail- could have bought cheaper online  but convinced me not to get the more expensive brands. Thats how you know your dealing with a good business. Dont waste your time going to the rip off known as best buy   I was leery of car audio stores in general. I gave this store a shot after the great reviews here and was not disappointed. Ryan is a great salesperson who helped me choose the right alarm for my car and even gave me caveats when I wanted to add more sensors instead of making a quick buck.  They went over all the features after the install and I am very satisfied with my alarm install. I'll be going back to upgrade my deck soon." xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ  I decided an alarm system would be a worthwhile investment.  Unfortunately I suffered some serious sticker shock at a competitor's place before I came to SVS.  Not only did I get exactly what I wanted for 1/3 less than the competitor (with NO pushy sales pitch--a very welcome change!) "What a fantastic experience. I was in town buying a vehicle when I decided I wanted to get an iPod cable installed. After finding this place on Yelp I stopped by to get an estimate. Ryan researched my vehicle and told me that due to its age the cable wasn't possible  good quality and perfect service.  If you value your car and good work Now this place looks real ghetto from the outside but do not let looks fool you. This place does quality work at a good price. They even do internet matching. They worked on my brand new 2013 Tacoma (my baby). Installed a custom built sub box behind the seat I'll keep coming back to Sun Valley and Ryan for everything I need. Well done!" These guys did a great job installing my double din pioneer.  Great price.  Install looks flawless and kit makes stereo look oem.  You will not be disappointed.  I am very very picky about my car stereo stuff and they surpassed my expectations.  installation looks great and my car sounds even better. Staff very knowledgable and didnt try up selling or any nickel & dime-ing me." and 4 new speakers in my Nissan Xterra...I did not want to break the bank and just wanted something clean and simple and better than stock speakers....We broke it down to $400.00 with install..He even gave me a break on the  install since I went with the new speakers.. I also found out for a new head unit install is only $60.00 if you just wanting to get a new head unit in..Thats a nice fair price for wiring and install I payed the man they got to work right away...I went across the street and got a burger and sat down to eat to kill some time...I ended up walking back over after I ate and sat in the store for about 10 minutes before my car was ready. From start to finish it only took about an hour and half..Nice and fast...The guy who did the install showed me the unit and features and was very nice as well...If your thinking about going anywhere else dont....give these guys a try....They made it easy to spend my money and not feel bad about it buy giving me a great product "Sun Valley Stereo was awesome!  My stereo went out and according to the car dealership the solution was a $300 repair!  I  found Sun Valley through Yelp and they squeezed me in the very next day.  Turns out all I needed was a new cable which they replaced and charged me $15 dollars for!  No labor. No charge to figure out what was wrong and the people there were SUPER nice.  They had me in and out in less than half an hour.  If you have any audio or alarm needs I chose this place based on the great reviews on Yelp and my experience was exactly as expected. I brought my BMW 535 to them for a custom amp install and it looks and sounds great. Highly recommended. I highly recommend them!" There was a post-install issue with the mounting supplies that came with my first product and Ryan told me to drive in so he could get it fixed right away. When I brought my new car in many months later with the same product "I recently went in to have them install a JL Audio 700/5 amp with a JL Audio 10"" sub. I was so satisfied with the work that I went in the following day to have speakers installed. The staff was very helpdful and they don't just look to sell you anything. I plan on going back to have a remote start installed. I would recommend this place to anyone!!" Anyways people might have been satisfied and maybe I was just unlucky but I'm not going back. I'm happy my door gave me signs of trouble before I dropped off my civic for a new stereo speakers and tinting. I pay experts to be good at their job otherwise I'd just hire a bum to take my money and break my $hit."  and was reasonably priced.  Highly recommend this place to all....thank you Sun Valley Stereo." "Ryan has contacted me to apologize and pay for repairs to my door latch. I hate to think that so many has rewarded this company for its quality of work. I don't want to take away from that. I think it is a possibility that I just got rare off day at this shop. Wish them the best. Thank you "Once again I found myself back at Sun Valley Stereo.  This time with a new car that was all promises and no function for what I needed.  Not only do they consistently provide great customer service  I'll be the guy with my windows rolled down  was called and told the car was ready at 1200.  This is the place to go to for this type of work.  Professional  and I couldn't be happier with the job they did.  The price is very reasonable; it actually was less than they initially quoted me because they ended up not needing one of the parts.  I know next to nothing about car stereos and I wouldn't have known the difference Kudos to  sun valley stereo.  I recommend them to anyone who will listen." Excellent customer service. Highly recommend this company for installation AND customer service. It took them maybe about one hour to install the speakers and now my sound system in my car has been great improved! I highly recommend going to Sun Valley Stereo if you're looking to improve the sound system in your vehicle."  and we worked together to verify that all the parts were in to upgrade my 2004 RX-8 with a Pioneer 4000NEX touchscreen and back-up camera before I drove 90 minutes for the work. When I first left there was some adjustments needed. They took me back in without hesitation and made everything right. The installer was committed to treating my car like it was his own. He took the extra steps to make it all right  subs and an amp all installed by Ryan's staff. They are very knowledgable and will go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied with your install. Never do they try to upsell or get you to buy anything you don't need  you get the best. I've been a customer since 2007 and plan to be for a long time." Great job on our mini-motorhome; added new dash Radio/GPS/Bluetooth/DVD Player/Back-up camera.  Also did some sophisticated speaker wiring in the coach of RV.  With scheduling up-front they were able to complete job while we waited. Great value for quality service! Decided after coming back from a year overseas to pull the trigger on a new stereo system. Saw several of the comments here and figured why not give them a shot. I could not be more happy with the system Ryan helped me pick out for my jeep. He even kept me from over spending on useless junk and helped me spread out the money I did have for a great system! Try them you won't be disappointed. xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ  Midrange & Tweeters along with a 10"" SubWoofer.  Also got the Auto start with my Alarm.  THIS SYSTEM KICKS ASS and my Mom's first reaction when she heard me approach her place was ""BOY YOU GONNA GET ARRESTED!!!!""  I was OVERLY HAPPY with what I got. Very professional look on the install and it work perfectly with my Steering Wheel controls.  The only thing I will say that I wished they would have done is put a GRATE on the SubWoofer. the Speaker protrudes from the box it could be damage if something fell into it." Since my initial review I did go back one more time a few weeks later to install a new stereo system as well to replace my old one. It's such a great improvement and now the sound system is sounding better than ever! I really cannot praise Ryan and his crew highly enough for their service and they are also very knowledgeable folks at what they do." I have nothing but good things to say about Ryan and Sun Valley Stereo.  I purchased a full system setup in 2009 from them for my old 1990 Buick which sounds spectacular.  They custom fitted everything and have always been available to fix things cheaply and fairly as needed.  I will always use them for my audio system needs. xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ Sounds great now!  Thanks Ryan."  they're directly across the street from Long Wong's so you can grab lunch while they're installing your setup."  he ordered some parts he needed with a small deposit and I had my install a few days later all for almost half of Audio Express quote. I'll be sure to be back for any work in the future...." xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ "I came to Sun Valley Stereo last month and had them completely re-do my audio system in my Nissan Z. Im super picky about work done on my car and I must say that Ryan and his team did a flawless job "Very happy with the service I got here.  Not only was the installation of my purchase done quickly Sun valley stereo is amazing! Ryan and the crew were informative and helpful. Brought my car back after having an issue with my subs and he helped me figure out the problem  and I would  definitely recommend  everyone giving Sun Valley Stereo the  opportunity to make them as happy as they made me for a very reasonable price. Believe me it will be worth the drive from anywhere these guys are THE BEST." Installed and Alpine GPS stereo in my Corvette that looks like it was original. Best price I could find too! I highly recommend this place; it's the only shop of its kind I'll do business with now."  and the quality of the equipment and service that Sun Valley provided.  The same people have worked there for many years and they are very very good at what they do.  I would never even consider going anywhere else." "I took my recently restored 1968 Cutlass to Sun Valley Stereo.  Ryan and his team did a beautiful job installing an ""old school"" looking Retrosound radio  and a 2-Din head unit. This company is top notch and the installation was done to perfection. I am so glad I followed my gut and did not take my business to Audio Express or Best Buy. You will receive quality service at a quality price every time with Sun Valley Stereo."  and very knowledgeable.  They beat the other prices I got by enough to make me think I was forgetting something!  I scheduled an appointment to get everything installed yesterday.  Picked up the car last night and man they did some nice work.  My guess is they ran 4 different cables/wires throughout my car (front to back and side to side) and I don't see evidence of ANY.  My only very minor complaint is I wanted my usb cable run to my armrest but it was run to the glove compartment.  It's a minor issue and maybe I'll go back and have them fix that when I have them re-tint my windows.  I'm going to take my wife's car there to have her windows tinted too.  I was very impressed.  I would ding them on the 5 star rating to maybe a 4.97 if it was available but dropping it to 4 star isn't realistic.  These guys are that good.  I highly recommend them." "Another example of a business that goes above and beyond for their customer.  Recently returned to Sun Valley Stereo for a second time. I can say that I'm not surprised they went out of there way to help me out Took my motorhome to Sun Valley stereo Ryan the manager took good care of me John installed the stereo system they put all new speakers and antenna it is so cool they did the best job ever and they didn't charge me a lot of money I highly recommend them thank you John and the guys at Sun Valley stereo  and brought it in to get it checked out. Turned out rewiring was needed. Got a great price and stereo is working great! Definitely will return soon."  And must say it's the best work I've seen great crew and John & Ryan   knowledge about what you need for best sounding system  is amazing. Never left dissatisfied." xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ  but it wasn't a stressful environment. If a person asked a question of an employee walking by they actually stopped to help. If I ever need anything car audio I would like Phoenix  to know how great this locally  owned and operated family business is.  John and Cassi are absolutely  amazing. I am glad I chose Sun Valley and supported  this local business. I can't  be more pleased with their service. Thanks guys! So I just had my 2nd visit here getting some work done to my system. Ryan has always been really knowledgable and walked me through a couple options. He fixed my botched install no problem and came back at a VERY reasonable price. They will continue to be my choice for car audio.  For me to write a review it either has to be amazing or horrible. These guys are amazballs!!!  that has been going there since the 80's! I won't go anywhere else. Oh yea...they have TV and nice Water for ya "I hate to be a blemish on a solidly favorable list of reviews. That must be why I waited 7 months to write this. But my experience wasn't that great. Yes the business model is good. No attempt at all at overselling. And the selection is a short and sweet list of economical and and excellent equipment. The markup with installation is reasonable. The problem I had was with the installation in my 2010 Outlander. The driver door pioneer speaker sounded either loose or blown. I live in Buckeye so bringing it back was a bit of a hassle. I was told  I spilled a soda on it and brought it back in to get looked at due to it malfunctioning. They found the problem right away and referred me to someone who could fix it. Then I brought it back in to have it out back in. These guys do a great job. Highly recommend coming in."  within a couple of hours they straightened the entire audio system out and it was very affordable. The sound is about 2 times what I thought would be. The staff was very patient with me and very professional. I highly recommend Sun Valley Audio!!!" So update.. Devin called and offered an apology which I was not expecting a call back but I'm so appreciative that I did... A lot of business don't care to fix their mishaps so because he did The prices are very reasonable and I feel Ryan gives you an honest and realistic opinion on upgrade paths. I definitely don't feel like hes just trying to sell the most expensive thing he can and will give you a good recommendation based on your car and budget." These guys straight up rock! I was never pressured to buy something I didn't want and was counseled on what I needed to do to get my car audio up to speed. I highly recommend these guys I had a great experience and will definitely be back to do business with them again. "Ryan and his crew installed my amp and sub I had purchased elsewhere. Ford Rangers have small cabs and I had the installer remove some parts behind the seat to make room for the equipment.  Took about 1hr 45min to install. My total price including the amp install kit was less than the  amount I'd spend on motrin to alleviate the headache of a self-install.  They did a good job and I had a large grin as I drove away Scheduled an appointment with Ryan to have a Overhead DVD player installed in our minivan. Install came out great! No hidden fees or charges. Quoted price was what I paid. After install Ryan and the technician went over how our new DVD player worked and etc. Nice waiting area and great selection of products. Ryan was pretty knowledgable about anything I asked him in regards to sound and etc. I Highly recommend Sun Valley stereo for any Audio/Video needs. Thank you for getting me in and installing a new subwoofer in my Jeep Wrangler 2001. They were professional and courteous. Look forward doing business with your store in the future. Great prices$$$. Best place for car stereo installation. Ryan and his team are super friendly and helpful. I looked around a few other places before coming here and they beat the other quotes by $75!! I will for sure come back.  and I am very pleased with the result. For 40+ years I have done my own installations so I can say with certainty that Sun Valley Stereo did it right and in fact did a better job than I ever could have. The workmanship is great and the materials they used were higher quality than I typically used. They do installs all day every day so they have a level of knowledge and expertise that a regular grunt will never have. No broken or warped panels 