 they had my car done a day early. Everyone who works there is super nice and I literally have nothing but good things to say about them. They even offer lifetime warranties on their work. Just a great place! Highly recommend." I had both of my card spray painted and they worked with my insurance to fix both cars with no cost to me. It took a little longer than I would've liked but they did good work. I had the misfortune of running into a deer 3 weeks ago and had to have front end damage repaired. I was referred to Liotus & Winter by a co-worker that that had body and paint work done on multiple vehicles there. The work they did on my truck is great. It looks even better than before I hit the deer! The paint work blends perfectly and the fact that the truck was wrecked is not even noticeable. The truck also rides and drives perfectly. They were pleasant to deal with and kept me updated many times throughout the repair process. They were also able to take care of my rental car return for me so that I didn't have to get a ride from someone else when my truck was finished. I would absolutely recommend this shop to anyone. They were very helpful and very appreciative that I chose them to repair my car. "Just to clarify. My original review is for Liotus and Winter. Not Gerber.  I have nothing positive or negative to say about Gerber as i have not used their services since the name has been changed.  If I do I would DEFINITELY recommend Martin Glass to anyone!!!!" I love these guys.  I needed some glass replaced in one of my windows in a hurry because we were selling our house and closing within the week.  I contacted Martin Glass with my emergency because I couldn't get the window out easily enough to take it to them.  By that afternoon it was all fixed!  This was a huge relief and they were super helpful and friendly during the process.  picture frame glass or any other relevant projects. Such great people and great friendly service! A locally owned and operated business. That's a privilege to have in the neighborhood in this day and age! Highly recommended." Dealer wanted $500 to repair a motor not rolling up passenger side window. Angel's did it for $80.00 :)  great service. Dont waist your time with anyone else let the Angels answer your prayers when it comes to Auto glass  Angels was able to provide me with a quick service and helped me save more money than i would have at any other auto glass repair around town! I was referred by two friends about this place This shop was great. Knowledgable people who are good and fast at their job. I was given updates throughout my visit on the status and how long it would be. I will be using again when the need arises. I wish they were mechanics too." Would very much recommend the great work they do here and the friendliness of the staff." I highly recommend Speedy Glass I'm VERY satisfied with Speedy Glass and would definitely recommend it to anyone in need of their services!!!" "I picked these guys because they had a few good reviews on yelp and used that to sway my decision.  They did a great job getting back with me and scheduling someone to come out to get the measurements done on the house.  However Lifetime warranty on chips an cracks I have worked with speedy glass for years. They have replaced my windshield twice over the last couple years - one of the joys of living in a rural area - and are always professional and respectful. Never had any problems with the work done and love that they use manufacturer glass. Thank you speedy! Definitely recommended!"  i'm seriously not a picky consumer but this business is horrible" After building a custom home I know how painful it is to find a reputable contractor or subcontractor. I called around the valley for various quotes for a dual pane picture frame window. I wish this vendor was added to ""Rosie on the House"" preferred vendor list. Even though their quote was at the top tier sometimes you have to spend a little bit more money to get quality work. This is a company with a solid protocol has. The task was very difficult but they did not make any excuses and work through the problems. Long story short you do not have to look any further I am not a representative of the company nor am I benefiting from putting this feedback on yelp. Speedy glass help me rehab a ""Short Sale Home"" on that I'm currently living in and I have to say the job was superb. I hate giving reviews however I had to make this review for s""Speedy Glass""  had great follow up as well. I recommend Speedy to anyone looking for Auto Glass Repair or Replacement." I should say that these people did one thing that really impressed me.  I went by to arrange a time to come in and have them replace my windshield.  My broken windshield wasn't the kind that had a dark strip across the top  I started rolling the electric window up when it went woosh/clunk down into the door. It didn't come back up.  I went to the place I always go when I have any problem with glass.   When the service man determined what was wrong "Getting a cracked windshield is never fun! Especially when it happens twice in 1 week! My cracks were beyond repair so I needed a new windshield. I called American Glass and everyone there was so nice and helpful.....stating with the receptionist "No communication skills at all.  My wife and I went in there to simply have a piece of glass cut in two and they said they didn't know when they could get to it... They had no clue if they could store it there until they could cut it nDJ9Pbt0RF6iXLgVzGyC3Q nDJ9Pbt0RF6iXLgVzGyC3Q My advice- avoid this place at all costs."  but us being female shouldn't have anything to do with the fact they don't seem capable of fixing a problem without causing a new one. Francisco was the only person there worth talking to. He was great  but the service is just wonderful and pleasant . The staff is extremely nice and helpful. I will continue bringing my car here for service."  after going to pick it up none of the tires were we're rotated and again were not taken off I had pictures to prove they were wrong and they adamantly said I'm sorry about your pictures but I did rotate them and walked away   they are friendly and honest. I will bring all my vehicles here for service." When I went into the store he was there and just as professional and kind in person. I was in an out for the oil change in less than an hour and the store itself was clean and well kept. Will definitely be going back!"  he was super friendly and figured out what was wrong with my car quick.   they were able to replace my coolant temp. switch that same hour and my radiator fans started working instantly.  ill definitely be going back to this location" We have had our oil changed here for years. Last time We marked our tires and found they had failed to rotate them. We complained and they gave us a coupon for a free oil change.  This time we found all the info for all of our cars had been deleted from their system. They honored the free oil change but had cleaned all the marks off our tires so we can't tell if they rotated. Suspect much?  I think so P.S - They will respond to your complaint with a generic I'm sorry about your trouble contact us here: XXX. I have done that in the past and they don't answer or don't follow up. So don't be persuaded by the reply." after I already payed the three hundred to get it fixed as promised.  Believe me I told them no. If they had diagnosed my cars a/c problem correctly the first time around and gave me the correct quote of almost a thousand dollars then I would have taken my car somewhere else for another opinion. Now I'm out the three hundred some dollars because they believe they didn't do anything wrong and I am now driving around in the 114 phoenix heat without a/c. Trust me when I say that they have lost my trust in their ability to diagnose and repair vehicles along with the way they are running their business. I for one will never be bring my car to sun devil auto again." I had to get my starter replaced and they were very helpful and professional the whole way through. They also had a substantially lower quote and faster response time than other shops in the area. I've been taking my vehicles to this location for over five years. Maurice is outstanding. He is very polite and professional. I have always been pleased with the quality of work completed by staff at Sun Devil.  Maurice had me in and out same day. Very friendly and overall make me feel comfortable. Thank you again Maurice! I will definitely be back to this location any time I need work on my car done." This place is a complete and utter joke... made an appointment for a simple oil change.. I walked in 15 minutes early and literally sat there for 45 mins.. no one even acknowledged me.. mind you I had an APPOINTMENT.. you would think someone would be at a counter calling me telling me Im late right?? Nope.. not this place... I should of robbed the damn register on my way out cause there is no one even around.. that dude at the desk works like a chicken with his head cut off.. horrible horrible service.. now Im NEXT DOOR at Brake Masters and they already have my car being worked on... save yourself the complete nonsense going on at Sun Devil Auto and just go somewhere else.. or do it yourself.. I would pay some dude in front of the Home Depot before I ever thought about going back there Maurice is great.  Gives an honest assessment and a fair price.  Completely trust these guys.  I will be back here for all my vehicles needs!"  in fact I had called around ahead of time for prices and got the best price here. I also had a problem with my belts squealing for over a month. They were kind enough to adjust them while they performed the service I came in for and got rid of the squealing at no charge to me. I will definitely be coming back to this location." 