 they'll either show you how or do it for you. Great customer service!" Great people... great service... great products... always busy So far I've been pleased with my purchases."  and don't use the scare tactic that other garages use (using big words and jargon to confuse you into buying more service).  I trust these guys!"  fast and trustworthy.  Historically I would end up taking it to Pep Boys because they were cheapest.  I initially went to Bway to cross confirm whether my rear brakes needed to be changed as per Pep Boys.  Bway said everything was fine front and rear and just charged me for inspection.  I felt that showed integrity as plenty of other garages could have changed it out and made money on my lack of knowledge.  It's nice to support a local business that deserves it."  my pride and joy. Damn I was like 27 at the time. Then his dad pulled out a card that said pride and joy. I'm now 47 and still take my cars here from time to time. Damn time flies when you're having fun....get 5% off. Tell them Shakim sent you or show them this ad" Only place around that I can get no ethanol gasoline.  did excellent work and were totally affordable and when fixing a BMW affordable is rarely a word used.  They work on other cars as well but I can't speak to that.  They also we t over my car and let me know what preventative work will be needed and about how much time I had to get it done.  Being new to Madison I was worried about finding a mechanic I could trust.  I'm not worried anymore."  Wayne raised his voice at me as he told me how much a repair was going to cost me. He charged me for a part they broke while working on the engine. They then returned the  car to me  and didn't say anything about it. Therefore I was driving around in a car which could have lost its coolant at any time without warning. That was enough for me to look elsewhere for auto repair. Although I live within walking distance from Wayne's I will never patronize them again." The guys that helped me were super super nice to deal with. They apologized both return trips." I went in to get my Viper remote replaced because my other two stopped working and instead of just selling me a new one right away the owner tried to see if it was battery or something else. I like the honesty of that and he was very friendly and fast and replacing the remote and re-programming it to my car. I highly recommend this place! "Kind of makes me feel like I' inconveniencing them.  I get left so they can help others.  I don't mind waiting Very friendly and awesome people. Would recommend this place to people."  I'll be more forgiving.  But not today."  they did everything that could be reasonably expected to fix it.  They came to my office to pick up my car keys "Had an iPod installation for my car - it was the worst job I've had done for anything on my car ever.  The design was ridiculous and nothing I would have envisioned I got a $5 coupon in the mail....wow.  Next time  but it's been great. The technicians are very knowledgeable and are now used to the quirks of my 2001 Kia- they've even won awards for their abilities. I am also always able to get a courtesy vehicle I guess you get what you pay for.  Good price.  Lousy service once they have your money."  the quote was 1195.  Knowing that I couldn't spit that right out I asked what parts could wait.  The lady on the phone was very nice and told me that I only had to replace a few hoses and of course the dreaded belt.  By doing so it lowered it to 500 and something.  She felt my pain though and gave me a 10% discount..for what I don't know  which isn't the biggest deal...it's that I don't want to pay for having to take it back.  I have had so much better service from this place in the past...and now they let me down :( The lady who originally quoted me  if you can even call it that. Autozone does it for free with purchase and I thought most places did too. Not these Pep Boys. I should have went elsewhere but my car needed it bad. Oh well... live and learn."  go shop somewhere else for better services."  never had to do this before after it was all done cost were around $300 total. Now 3rd time acceleration issues and I really didn't want to go back to them but my repair shop was closed. So begrudgingly I did pep boys on 24th and mcdowell.as i waited waited for them to replace it i noticed every mechanic in shop surround my car.they locked my keys in the car.i had to wait and extra 20 minutes for them to get a locksmith out.but in the end they gave me 50% off my battery and free oil change next time.not too bad!!!:)"  but the guys at the front desk were helpful and attentive.  Too bad it ended there."  and letters to Jae. He was unwilling to admit any fault. Go somewhere else for work on your car. Hopefully there are other shops are more helpful and honest."  they even gave me 10% off my bill and signed me up for Rewards so I could get additional discounts.  It took almost double the time they estimated which is the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5.  I've had bad experiences with Pep Boys in the past (Technicians doing work that wasn't necessary/authorized and then the Manager refusing to take it off the bill) but I feel comfortable dealing with Teresa and Ramiro.  I'll definitely come back!"  Jae. It was a quickie and price was right. He checked if he could turn my rotors for only $13.99 but they were out of spec so I bought new ones and he even gave me a 10% discount. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes. I will definitely drive out of my way to go to this location from now on. They rock! :)"  so I always need help when in a car parts & accessories store. I needed windshield fluid and a few other small items and Jae was very helpful in answering my questions and finding me the right products without trying to convince me I needed anything extra and ridiculous. The store was clean and no one was standing around when I went. The best part is they also price match!"  because only 'someone' else knows. Took three individuals to figure out who was going to help me check out at the register Go somewhere else for work on your car. Hopefully there are other shops are more helpful and honest."  they had an online coupon I could use right from my phone as well to save me even more. I brought it in on a weekend and they went above and beyond to locate the parts needed to get the job done that same day so I could drive to work on monday. Their customer service was excellent. I left very happy that I had taken it in for the second opinion Had my oil changed here the other day and they were very efficient and helpful. "Got new tires for my car and had an alignment done. service was very good and the guys were really nice and helpful. I love the fact that they price match  lalalala I see a pep boys sign like a mirage in the desert. I never realized pep boys fixed flat tires but I figured it was worth a shot and was super happy that they did! I pulled right in and there was a small wait (probably a good thing...I may have been nervous if they had no customers) but the wait was fine and I had Facebook timelines to stalk. The manager (I assume he was the manager at least?) was super nice and assured me that I didn't break my car. They were fast "My car was overheating and the closest place I could think to take it was this Pep Boys. Let's make a long story short...they quoted me almost $700 because ""all of my hoses needed to be replaced"" along with my thermostat and a coolant flush. Not to mention they were going to charge me EXTRA for a warranty on the parts which is absolutely ludicrous. After talking to a trusted mechanic (who doesn't live in AZ) I took it for a second opinion to Shadow Mountain Auto Service. It was a bit of a drive but I made it. After all  parts and labor. When I picked my car up the cashier told me that the compressor was $650.00. The labor is what brought it up to $2235.00. I talked to many friends who suggested I check out either Amazon or EBay for a brand new compressor then take to a local mechanic for installation. BRILLIANT! I purchased a brand new air compressor for my car for $115.00 from Amazon with free shipping. I then took that up to Angel's Auto Repair and they charged me $300.00 to install and that included the freon. I don't understand why Pep Boys charged so much but I appreciate the honesty and integrity from Angel's Auto Repair. My air is nice and cold now!"  i did a quick search on their website and found a long list of coupons!! I love my coupons. Service was quick and friendly. Oil change with coupon was $24.99  painless experience which is normally not the case when it comes to dealing with anything involving my car. Now I'm ready for a safe ride and any weather we might hit. :)"  but they were closed and decided to go to Pep Boys down the street. We walked in and had the best service from Don Myers. He came out to check the tire and found out it wasn't repairable. They are open until 8 and were booked Had to get my car towed and they waited after hours to make sure I got there safely. Went above and beyond to assist me and breakdown all my options of repair.  Service rep Arny is awesome (don't know spelling) but great service! Definitely recommend. Shortly after posting this review someone from Pep Boys requested I email them about the situation at hand. Would you guess I received NO response?! What a crock. Save yourself and do not bring your car to THIS Pep Boys Service Center!  I bought this last 2007 and had a great ride with until recently. So I seeked Pep Boys for some help and they looked into my car. They're good at communicating with their customers; the charges where reasonable and it just blew me away. The  person who repaired my car was very good because he taught me a lot of things to avoid having problems with my car. He also taught me how to know if my car is already in need of repairs. After the job was done Knowledgable enough to get what I need"  to the point and polite. Can't ask for more. I plan on coming back to this location for future maintenance repairs."  I had some minor body damage and Anthony gave me multiple options for how to fix including an option/advice for what to say if I wanted a body shop to repair.  I ended up getting some stuff from the store and car looks great.  Ken and Anthony you got me to spend $200 dollars and I walked out feeling like I got a deal.  I work in finance and I'm hard to impress but these guys were impressive.  Great job!!!" Help fix what another shop ruined  not totally disgusting but definitely not somewhere I would visit unless you really have to go. You have to ask for the key at the front."  so I agreed to this and was on may way after about an hour and a half. That was good. What wasn't so good was that they failed to let me know that the tire they put on is not a run-flat tire. That's not a good thing for my car - an '06 BMW 330i. This car requires run-flat tires as it has neither a spare tire nor a place to put one. (BMW has received many earfuls of complaints on this  the tire that I had put on in Phoenix did not hold air well. It was losing about 5 psi every couple of days. I took it to a Pep Boys here in Sacramento and they determined that there was a small piece of rubber between the tire bead and the rim that was preventing it from sealing perfectly. The fixed it at no charge and with no fuss. Good on them. Second Thanks Romero for giving me the best deal for my SUV because I needed that oil change!!  there's no charge"" and I was on my way...WOW..I was going to pay and just cut my time as a loss because shit happens. They made it right and I didn't even complain once about a single thing  said he didn't want me leaving with my tire like that and would take care if it right away. 35 minutes later I drove away with a new tire and feeling very cared for. Thanks guys  ""should i follow.. or...?"" He made no further comments and looked at me as he left and grabbed my car and pulled it in. I was unsure if i could leave or not. He walks in and walks past me without saying anything. I walk to the employee area he went to and waited. Upon his leaving the room to come back to the front i asked if i was okay to go. He simply says of course. Okay?? How about some courtesy and let me know but it was a real inconvenience not having my car for long periods of time. They did fix my issue  trying to take advantage of people.  Caveat emptor!" "I have been bringing my cars to get serviced at this location for years and I have always gotten great service.  Today was no exception Awful store. They are not helpful at all. The general manager of the store sold me a headlight then wouldn't even replace my headlight. WASTE OF TIME! There is another AutoZone location on 40th St. and Thomas which is far better. The staff is professional and the store manager Robert M. was very helpful and replaced my headlight for me.  he was informative and friendly. He placed the battery we needed on hold and provided a quote that was better priced than the other places we had called. When we got there he was quick an efficient and had us out the door in less than 20 minutes. He got what started as a bad day  y se hablan espaol aqu tambin." The staff has always been extremely friendly and helpful and helped with solving a number of car project problems over the years.   Way to go So-Cal and I hope to be there Sat morning." This is a great shop to find the sexi Billet items for your ride. Purchased an Polished serpentine set up for my SBC and some other dress up items and billet interior parts. Great selection and knowledgable staff. A little over priced for certain things so do your do-diligence and compare prices. "Visiting AZ to get away from the North Dakota winter. Needed some parts for my Rat Rod along with some So Cal clothing. Great staff that was very helpful Lived here my whole life and didn't know this place existed.  Came here for a few small items.  This is the only sped shop I've ever been to where the staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  They stock a lot of stuff you will never find anywhere else.  They will be getting as much of my business as I can give them! This place is amazing!  Anything you need part wise and much more.  Staff knows a ton about the business and is always willing to help out.  Great place for car buffs  cuz frankly I couldn't find it and I didn't want to get dirty. It was...are you ready for this...under my backseat! WTF. Now I know where to stash my maid if the INS comes a knockin' Goddamn brilliant Germans. I hauled it to Autozone and Craig was more than helpful. I think the glare from my Hello Kitty necklace caused him to blink a lot...hmmm...poor thing. Thanks to the men in my life for wiring my electronics Many a restaurant or retailer could learn from the Autozone business model.  Good service is awesome."  I recommend driving straight to Auto Zone. It's much less expensive than AAA and you'll wait less. When I got to Auto Zone I was the fourth person that day (and it was only 10 AM) to need battery replacement. I have a 2003 VW Passat which means you've got to peel off a cowl (I learned this is the proper term by reading the directions) "I called one day and asked them to grab some windshield wipers for my wives car. I didn't know what kind they were and I didn't have time to spend in the store figuring it out. I told the guy I'd be there in 10 min. I got there and they had the wipers waiting for me. Thats what I'm talking about! They aren't all the most personable guys  and remained cheerful despite the heat...what more could I ask for? I even learned WAY more about muscle cars and engines than anyone in my position (that is someone who's main requirement in a car is that it runs) should...but P4e1yH_XjwMtlD7jtyTGVQ  well stocked. Kalib is very knowledgable and would certainly make a good store manager...of course there is always the riff raff that strolls in and dirty folk but it was earlier enough to avoid that crowd..thanks for your help guys." "Everytime I come here some ""customer"" is always running out this store with a unpaid item." buy your batteries and other carr stuff somewhere else." I stopped in to pick up the hydraulic lifts for my rear glass window. The part was in stock and immediately produced. Kalib was knowledgeable and extremely helpful. The store was clean and well stocked.Thanks for your help. This location rules. Super close to home. All the dudes are trustworthy and obviously car savvy. I can always rest assured they have my back.  Mark was able to find a suitable replacement for me and provided me with free reign to the tools I needed to replace it. He even was patient and nice while I pulled up a price match Wow they price checked my oil to what they charged at Walmart which was about $18 less!  They were very quick and attentive! "Came across a very terrible worker here. Could not help me for nothing. Asked me to go to another autozone just to swap out a freaken battery. Don't go here. I'm so frustrated with the worker that ""helped "" me."  so he helped with the break light switch and showed me how to do it. It's people like James that make a business like autozone successful and guarantee returning customers! Highly recommend this autozone!"  helped me find the best oil for my truck. They made sure I got the best deal. Thank you."  as I almost bought one solely based on price.  Jamie worked with me to make the quality battery fit into my budget and gladly installed the new one! I was in an out of the shop in thirty minutes! Five stars for quality "These guys went above and beyond when it came time to get new headlights in my car. Their customer service is on point "Currently sitting on the sidewalk at Autozone calling my manager to tell her I can't come to work when John Tavarez said ""I got it.""  He is referring to my incredibly corroded battery. Originally thought we couldn't get it out but with some elbow grease (his) it worked!! Incredibly friendly  exceeded my expectations this morning. I heard a strange clicking/ringing noise underneath my hood Greatly appreciate the fact that the battery installation is included."  but they will do what it takes to tell you what is going on with any car issue. I was fine with that--" ive been here a handful of times and have always had a great experience. i especially want to thank Juan who works there for being such a huge help to me and my friend. we were looking for a hose to replace a cracked one that caused my truck to unexpectedly overheat and i was super stressed out but he was so kind and helpful. i really appreciated it and he helped me resolve my problem quickly and smoothly! "Let's have a cheer for an honest salesman!  Two days ago the battery died in my wife's car.  Yesterday she bought a new battery at AutoZone.  Today I go there to turn in the old one and get my $15 credit for the recyclable core "This store has the laziest employees I've ever worked with. They refused to help me install my headlight like most auto zones would and even refused to tell me how to do it or give me any tips. Then refused to do a return on it because it was 8:45 and they were closing in 15 minutes and ""we're doing other things right now getting ready to close."" Lazy lazy lazy!! Castillo was the sales rep. Won't be back here again. Thanks Castillo!"  but a caddilac is a true investment. I got my authentic 98 aurora there and it has been going up in value ever since I drove it off the lot. IF you ever need a great wateringhole or place to grab a quick snack. go here. as good as it gets folks!"  next time I need to buy a car I will certainly keep them in mind as well as for any repairs I don't think my around the corner mechanic can't handle." E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA  I later learned I was grossly overcharged and several fasteners were left off allowing the under carriage to drag and get damaged.  I have since begun to get my Cadillac serviced at the Tempe Coulter."  despite my headaches.  They will take care of you." Coulter is a Great dealership but be weary when bring your vehicle in for repair."  took the extra time to clean off the excess oil after the repair was completed. Super happy with the whole experience and the Yukon is running perfect and no longer leaking oil on my garage. Thanks guys!!"  knowledgeable and pleasant.  Both the sale man (Lindsay) and the sales manager (Paul) were terrific.   We could not find a car that satisfied our needs.  We ended up buying at another dealership but they were very pleasant when we told them.  We will be sure to return when we are looking for a car in the future." E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA  fairly and with great transparency. The most telling thing I can say is that the quality of the sales team will make me pick this dealership and Cadillac in particular over other brands in the future." ccavin@coultercadillac.com" I will never go back under any circumstances." E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA  go to Coulter Cadillac GMC on Camelback / 12th Street every time. Cheaper and less wait time. Time is valuable and so it money. Make decisions wisely. And I have to say that sometimes cheaper means less quality I couldn't be happier with my experience at Coulter. This is the kind of dealership that earns your business for life. Thank you for a pleasant car buying experience. My wonderful 2011 GMC HD2500 needed a oil change after hauling a trailer 2500 miles.  The engine light came on and it resulted in a catalytic converter replacement.  They also noted that the windshield washer fluid tank had a crack and replaced it. Coulter has always been awesome.  I have been buying and servicing our cars there for many years.  Thank you for the excellent work.  I love my truck and it handled heavy loads and hard weather very nicely.  Thank you again - Ron Our SRX feels powerful when we drive it and butter when we sit in the seats -- the buying experience only enhanced our satisfaction when we drive it there is no tainting from a bad buying experience.  Only one sweet driving experience!" My service manager was attentive and brought me regular updates about the progress.  He also handled the ordering of parts and payment.  I didn't have to search for anyone.  It was all handled by the same person and he came to me.  Very good service."  check this place out... and safe and happy driving in the meantime!" Sigh. I wish Amazon sold cars"  the manager-who seemed like he could not care less about my business on either occasion-said we could ""move things around"" to speed it up. In all I spent close to 1.5 hours there and my bill was $90 for a $5 part and maybe 20 minutes with of labor  do you know how long until my car is ready. It's been over 1.5 hours? Let me check... Waited another 15 mins till my 100% charged IPhone had about 20% left . Finally went back outside and this time I walked into the auto area and saw my truck just sitting there. I go and let him know what's my truck doing there?  Looking puzzled  we find our fluids are low or empty.  Even our wiper blades needed replacing & they said nothing.  They replaced our front brakes resulting a horrific noise & vibration as soon as we drove out.  We took it back & they said nothing was wrong with them.  We took it to a AAA location & they fixed the problem.  Coulter needs to fix ""their problem"" because we are changing Caddy dealerships." I came in for my first oil change and update. Shawn was incredibly helpful and efficient. This is my 3rd cadillac and the service and sales department (Steve) at the Tempe location is by far the best! Thank you!! "We do not buy our cars here I am just here for a recall. Normally we're down the street at camelback Toyota. Well they must have spoiled us there because the service here sucks. Maybe it's just the one guy ""rich"" that has a poor argumentative attitude with each customer I've seen him deal with in the 3+ hours I've been waiting but I will not be returning again. If you're looking to buy a car Other Recommendations: Airpark Auto  he was extremely rude. He denied that they would do that and every time I tried to speak he would interrupt me. (SO extremely rude!) I tried to ask questions regarding their procedures multiple times and he would not let me talk. I was so frustrated and now we're having to immediately replace an expensive tire that we do not have in our budget. He kept telling me that its probably a plug they put in when they patch a tire. WELL I'm PRETTY SURE that Discount tire knows the difference between a plug and a screw they patched over. We are taking the tire back to Coulter to address it and we will see how it is handled from there. Do yourself a favor and GO ELSEWHERE!" "I have purchased 2 cars from Coulter a 2002 Cadillac deVille and a 2012 Buick LaCrosse.  Both used After going there these last few times and comparing my experience/expenses with friends that go to other dealers (Nissan  and Georgia made us a great lunch."  but no one seems to want to help.  Mine is actually out helping someone.  Now at the front desk talking to the receptionist.  What happened.  Everyone just looks at me and looks away. Technical service manager just kept looking at me ....." E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA  they did not have the part in stock but ordered it.  In the meantime they showed us how to override the problem and keep us from getting stranded again.  The problem is now solved.  Mr. Ron Hammon made the whole process seamless and actually nice. Car was washed both times of service. Total class act.  They also honored an online coupon for my wife.  Saving us $50." Best experience buying a vehicle without a doubt!!!"  they couldn't have made it easier to buy the car I wanted. Steve and the rest of team gave me  excellent customer service. I never felt pressured the entire time. Very efficient as well. For the first time in my life I actually felt good about the deal I got."  thanks for grabbing me by the ankles & turning me upside down so you can shake every last dime out of me. What should've been a simple fix on a 2005 Denali ended up getting more & more expensive ($1600+). The first repair wasn't even the problem. Smooth-talking Justin explained it away with an ""I really don't give a crap"" tone. He wouldn't even admit any misdiagnosis Amazing customer service they helped us get what we needed right away. Very attentive I had an independent shop and we sent all of our GMC and Cadillac warranty work to Karen Parker.  Karen is experienced and always took care of our (collective) client within a reasonable time.  I found her to be professional and knowledgeable about the mechanical aspects of GMC and Cadillac products.  I can tell you this.......DO NOT under any circumstances take your car to Earnhardt Chandler Cadillac on 202 and Gilbert.  I hear Earnhardt in Scottsdale is good but not handy for us SE Valley peeps. "Great experience!  Can't say enough about the complete team effort.  From the beginning to end E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA "Have a 2012 Buick Enclave. This place (Gary more specifically) have always gone above and beyond. I'm not mad at Coulter Cadillac for the stupid reasons I have to bring my Enclave here. Gary always asks how everything is going and the service waiting room is comfortable I test drove the car and was offered the auto at a good price without a hassle so I bought it."  we bought a 2015 vehicle from Bo today. I truly do not think the process could have been more seamless. He was so professional and just overall enjoyable to work with. The finance guy (John? Sorry... I think that's it) was so great to work with as well. Quick I live right down the street and need additional work on my vehicle. I will not return."  Blind Spot Sensor Rear Parking Sensors. None of these to the best of my knowledge exist on my vehicle. I can only hope that they realIly did the Certified Pre-Owned Inspection they say they did. I feel that my salesman should have spent more time going over all the details and functions of the SUV with us."  they stock a ton of stuff" This is the only shop I will use for my Arizona rides." This guy is ridiculous and does not deserve anybody's money." R72PRg4ZKOjstjUiTCUWTw  after I took it to a real machine shop they explained the problems to me . I requested a copy of the bill and was told the computer hard drive broke and could not get a receipt. $4000 DOWN THE DRAIN."  I decided to have my truck towed to Courtesy Chevrolet.  Courtesy had it done the next day for half of what Mike quoted.  Let's review.  The DEALERSHIP was less than this repair shop.  Two of my family members with classic cars have had similar experiences.  I think Mike has plenty of time to think up clever put downs for his customers because he is bleeding business to other shops in town.  He owns the retail shop too If you are looking for a solid  but BMW and VW are on the menu and they have certified techs." "We were driving to Phoenix when our VW Jetta started to overheat and the gas pedal intermittently stopped responding. We barely made it to German Auto and they were very friendly in assisting us. The VW guy was from San Francisco area (where we are from) and made us feel at home. They had to rush order our parts and when they didn't work initially The 124 platform with straight six is not rocket science. I'm sorry guys but you dropped the ball on this one!"  if you want to save a few hundred bucks and know what it feels like to trust your technician  to plain old maintenance like fluid changes.  Jim the owner has been there all the way and has assisted me greatly.  Price per labor hour is reasonable Had my CLK Mercedes serviced and these guys are terrific! My car would not accelerate and it was a bad mass airflow sensor....not bad news at all. Would highly recommend to anyone that has a european car!  if you are looking for a place for your car xfSw-RbQ-4ackmmOJmlg6Q  and was told by Land Rover that this was probably normal for performance brakes.  My father Herb has been going here since I was knee high to a grasshopper and only trusts them to work on his Mercedes's."  This place is amazing! Friendly staff and very fair priced. Will not let my cls be worked on by any other than German Auto Services."  although they are a 40 mile drive from my home it is worth it. I look forward to taking my Benz to them (for just routine maintainence hopefully) in the future as well."  they offered to pick up and deliver my car whenever I needed it.  They rescued me from a major out of pocket expense that the dealership cooked up and I am eternally grateful for their help.  Don't take your Rover to the dealership until you use these guys  I gave the OK and just a few days later my car was back and good to go! I am extremely impressed with German Auto Service's professionalism and dedication to customer service. I will definitely be back for any future repairs and have told all of my friends with German cars to do the same." "I own a 96 BMW 540 and a 06 Mini Cooper S - have used German Auto to service both of these vehicles and they are the best in town.  Their service technicians can figure out what the trouble is and they don't start with the most expensive solution.  Their labor rates are very competitive and much less than any dealer service department They service all European cars. Audi  partly because I no one seems to want to work on Minis. They were honest about what needed to be fixed right away and what I could wait on fixing. Overall they fixed my car in a timely "My fiance and I have been coming to German Auto for a couple of years now.  We both drive VW's and these guys know their stuff.  Everyone has been very friendly and helpful each time we have to take our cars in.  Earlier this year they performed a complete checkup of my 2004 Jetta and let me know all the things that I could do to keep this baby running for (hopefully!) another 100 They are polite and very helpful. I've always brought my mercedes to them and they were cost competitive in comparison to the dealership and other shops. Plus they really do understand German cars and how to fix them. There is no issue that they can't tackle!!!  reasonable quotes.  I also appreciate their expertise with German cars so I know it's always done right."  after only having taken it to the dealer for the first 9 years I had it. I just got a new C240 Thanks for saving me some chedduh so that I may make it raaaaaaain :)" Thanks to Jim and the crew for keeping my old Porsche tip top!! In and out quickly and the job came in below the estimate!! loyal to an independent mechanic in Scottsdale specializing in Japanese cars.  when i got an audi they sent me here.  great referral.  they are reasonable and trustworthy. "Horrible customer service. I had to call to get updates and then had to wait for them to call me back. Told my car was finished then went the next day only to be told it was not finished  but their stubbornness prevented that from happening.  The techs at the dealer laughed when I mentioned I was told it was a battery issue.  Haven't had a battery issue since or had the warning pop up again.  I wont be returning to German Auto unfortunately.  I did enjoy their shuttle service and Bernie (awesome guy).   I wanted to save money like everyone else I learned several years ago to stop going to Chapman BWM and use German Auto Service.  This place is fantastic and has saved me a great deal of $$$ and aggravation.  Their service techs take the time to go over everything with you and have always been able to answer all of my questions. I have found a repair shop I trust!!!" "so far so good- fingers crossed our car doesn't die again soon. :( but when it does happen "They've been servicing my Benz since the warranty expired. They explain everything up front and continues to do a great job every time I go  and most of that time I've had it serviced at German Auto. Eric and the guys in Service are VERY well known to me. They are not pushy and have looked for less expensive options when possible. My good experiences keep me coming back for oil changes and repairs  the workers seemed knowledgable and the car was finished when promised.  Also my stay was pleasant while I waited for service and enjoyed the complementary refreshments." The only negative thing I can say about them is that they don't do any service on weekends.  They do Not even a sorry when I arrived the next day. There are plenty of other places to get your Benz serviced in town." Very knowledgeable and descriptive when explaining the work I needed done. Services were completed super fast...and they gave me a free bmw mug! I will be back to complete additional recommended services! I've taken two different cars here with great results every time.  They really know the ins and outs of BMW's and Mercedes.  I've never been upsold for anything I didn't need.  They also are very good about giving you a ride to work or back home if needed. I've been taking my BMW to German Auto since I bought it 4 years ago.  They do great work at actually reasonable prices. Highly recommend! Took my car (BMW 528i) in for the first time for brake service and potential new rims. BMW dealer stated my brakes were good but rims were warped because of run flat tires. The guys at German Auto got me in quickly. Confirmed my rims were not warped and got my rear brakes and rotors changed for $300-400 less than the dealer. Car was ready and washed on time and shuttle took me to/from my office with little wait. So happy to find an honest repair shop. Highly recommended to anyone for BMW repairs. Best service ..!!!! Unbeatable mechanics and I love mikes detailing all together why I keep on going back Great service! Got my oil changed from there and was about to call for a ride and found out they had a driver as well. He took me where I needed to go and my car was done much quicker than expected! Would definitely recommend!!  but they didn't want to do it.  If I was the owner of this shop I would fire that employee immediately.  Thought I would call them as I was recommended by a friend as an alternative than going to the dealership and getting raped.  Very disgusted with their customer service." "The people here at this store are soooo helpful.  I needed new windshield wipers (like everyone does here in AZ right after monsoon season starts and you realize the hard bricks of rubber you've had on there since last year are not going to cut it!).  I don't know what was going on with me  she was friendly & quick. I definitely recommend this location to anyone looking for help who's car savvy and maybe not so car savvy (me)."  and approachable staff. They're ready to help and sometimes even walk you over to where the needed parts are located. They don't know how to say hello when you walk in Good price on a new battery with free installation. Jamie provided outstanding customer service. Super quick to get my battery replaced. Installation and best customer service! Took less than 20 minutes! My battery died went into the store to make a warranty claim. Store Manager Francisco totally hooked it up and make the replacement in 5 min.  very helpful staff. They get busy at times  rude customer service and the store wasn't open when their hours stated were. I needed windshield wipers tonight and had an amazing customer experience. Jose was not only efficient These guys have been Helpful and Honest. I always feel comfortable going in here. They answer questions and never try to sell you anything.  so I ended up waiting for the next clerk. I made light of my situation and he said ""We don't have any. We have some for sale."" There were other ways he could have helped. He and the other clerk went out of their way to help other customers all the way to installing some refrigerant in one customer's AC system and diagnosing a code on another's OBD system. I asked if I could just borrow the one for 5 seconds. He said plSOOdrHxoRV_tD7uGkSoA  I dealt with another gentleman who laughed at me when I asked if they could help me install the part.  If anyone could recommend a female friendly auto place  lots of help available for girls like me who have NO CLUE.....import parts without dealership prices are a gift from the heavens!"  pulled up and was literally on the road again within minutes.  Checker has great warranties on their batteries - 24 months guarantee for a free replacement and big discounts thereafter.  I only ended up paying $40 for my new one.  My only complaint is that it's difficult to see this Checker from the road.  It's in the back of the shopping center near the Food City.  At least that means plenty of parking when you roll your autos in for new parts. :)" "Jesus the manager is a good guy! Blistering hot day and he changed my battery under warranty without question. While ""service with a smile"" is not on anyone's mind at this Checker (now O'Rieley""s) they get the job done." "Every time I've come here I have no clue where to look. I know my way around an auto store like I know my way around a vagina. So a big shout out to the helpful and friendly staff here. Most recently  i came in to get a 19mm socket for my oil pan." Thanks Thomas Road Auto Zone "The people working at this store are awesome- they remembered me the both times I went in.  I will drive to this Autozone over the others because they are so friendly.  There was a line both times Yes they honored my warranty on my car battery. It took less than 5 minutes to find everything. But it took another 30 minutes to simply replace it because there weren't enough people." being as i have never changed a battery in my life-them throwing the tools at me and saying change it yourself doesn't show good customer service. "This AutoZone location is amazing compared to the terrible AutoZone on 24th St. and McDowell. The staff is very friendly here  so I'll reserve my 5th star for what I hope is an improvement to their outdated appearance." "My car battery died wihtout a warning so I called a friend for help. He jump started my car and recommended I have the battery checked out at Auto Zone. I was there in a few minutes and my battery tested after another few minutes. Yep Shout out to the employee that helped me fix my tail light tonight! Thank you so much! You invented some sort of contraption so we could figure out how to get over the fact I needed a new socket and instead of giving up you tried over and over until we figured out how to fix it without going to the dealer! You're my hero wish I got your name! He said ""What fluids?""."  positive attitude even while installing my battery in the 110 degree heat.  Autozone  but he just kept helping me - knowing I was waiting for AAA and that I might be wasting his time. Maybe this is what customer service should be like. I'm typically just so disappointed these days that I dread asking for help. I feel like people are either (a) overly friendly/fake in an attempt to sell or (b) super rude and could care less about your business. So Simple need but they were quick and pleasant and right place at the right time.  Good job guys and thanks for your help!  helpful team at this Autozone. I came here to buy a truck battery while the place was busy. The team was moving about diligently and helping everybody. The place was clean Very helpful and polite!  Ulises is the AutoZone King!  Thanks for all your help with my battery!  When I called they were quick to answer the phone on the first ring.  Held a battery for me!  Top notch service!  Thanks again Ulises!  Give the man a raise! Thanks for the help Ivan!" A big thanks to Harry Orlowski for changing my battery and walking me through on how to properly maintain it! Great service  when you need a car battery at 11PM before work the next day  was less than 2 years old and only needed a recharge.  They also offered to check my alternator and charge the battery.  All for no fee.  In conclusion...Batteries Plus will rip off your grandma.  Auto Zone gives good service." It's not bad for little pine trees and floor mats but don't expect to discuss the merits of ceramic vs metallic brakes with anybody in there.  they don't have a clue." "Alright for an auto parts store. They don't carry anything on hand for hybrids so pretty much everything for my car has to be ordered. Luckily "The staff here was very friendly and helped me check my battery and alternator  I didn't argue about it so I just said okay and left... But I will never be back there ever again!! It's not about him not helping me it's just the way it was handled  walked in and was not greeted or given any sign of help. I stood at the front desk for ten minutes as employees and even a district manager walked by. Still not one employee offered to be with me soon or ask  if i needed help. Started to walk out and immediately someone shouted out to me "I asked if corrosion protection grease came with a battery purchase. The female store manager with curly hair and glasses laughed and kind of rudely said ""uh  and it was leaking oil.  They had the bike for almost two weeks and we were both relieved to finally have it back...the day we picked it up was the day we had to bring it back JcjuBWVWWtMWYPR5avA6Sg * An apology when service is lacking goes a really long way"  because he is very knowledgeable and makes sure you go home with the right parts.  One late Friday afternoon they did not have the one tiny part I needed. We had already checked with the dealership down the road  got my part and told me to come back the next day and pay!!!!! Yipppeeee... I came back the next day and Paid... As Instructed.... That was the clencher... They didn't have to do that... They barely knew me Good job guys finally found a bike shop I can trust!" Get knowledgeable staff who's always willing to help."  and have a lot of their own cool stuff like shirts/stickers/hats and this great HD light kit I just purchase for my Dyna. They put on awesome parts swap meets where you can get ridiculously good deals on new and used parts. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I've never used the service department No one bothered helping us : ( OMG! Avoid this place at all cost! Been here over and over an have had nothing but great service.   Helped me with my helmet and Scala with no hassle at all.  the prices are competitive and the staff has been friendly and helpful. What more could you ask?" Horrible customer service.. I pulled into the parking lot at 7:55 when they close at 8pm. The man inside ran over and locked the door right in front of me when all I needed was an oil filter for my bike and would have taken 5 mins or less. I know they lost at least one customer as ill be going back to north valley Honda and I hope many more do as well after reading this review.  tee shirt at the helmet store on 35th ave. I can walk to cycle gear from my house and drove out of my way and spent good $$$ at a place way more deserving than cycle gear. I'm not sure because I'm a female or because I didn't come in on my bike. Either way it's inexcusable."  decided that he could warranty them and found a replacement set of boots in my size. All within about 20 minutes.   Since I started riding motorcycles "I've read the reviews and agree with some.  I went to the phoenix location on Cave creek road.  Drove there from 90 miles away on a Sunday when they were scheduled to open at 10.  The worker was waiting outside due to the manager needing to come in and open and being about 1 hour away.  Needless to say I was pretty miffed.  When the store did open around 11 ish Jenn went the extra mile and a true asset to this company with added humor along the way. Thank you and I will continue to use Cycle Gear for my future purchases." I took my son to the store to buy his first helmet. Like me he has a hard to fit head. We did measurement of his head before so at least we had a place to start. My 11 year old son was finicky and tried on many helmets before finding the one he wanted. The staff that helped me was patient and answered all my questions as I needed. He was not pushy but followed our lead and was there whenever we needed him. They were pleasant to deal with. We will defiantly go back. This is the second helmet we've  bought from this store.  takes forever. Am I really going to shove something into a backpack that's fastened to my back? No other stores have ever asked me to remove my backpack ever I knew for under $200 I wasn't getting the greatest modular Bluetooth helmet It will be interesting to see what happens to this store now that they have a new owner who also owns Revzilla."  he said if the shocks look new and you bring them back in the original box The Boys at Desert Rat are awesome.  I hate car stuff and am always afraid of being taken because I am  a women.   When I went is they asked what the problem was and took care of me without  trying to tell me I needed more than just the shocks.  I felt comfortable with them.  I will send everyone I know.  Thanks guys!!!  and rotations were also included with the purchase. Extremely painless and professional process. We would highly recommend Desert Rat and we will continue to use them for future off-road needs." The dealership quoted me $3800 to fix my 2013 F150 The guys at Desert Rat took a look at it and found the right problem and it was only $500 to fix and ready the same day  as mine up in Cave Creek was not listed. I have nothing but great things to say about this company. I brought my car in with a bad battery. They checked I'm paying off my car loan this month and already things are flaking out so i expect to need more help in the future and I'm definitely grateful that this OReilly store is almost right around the corner - I'll be back!"  and then switched out the part for me. Awesome!"  who were very helpful with picking out a new pair of 'civilian' headlights as well as a new engine air filter. Would definitely go back." My commercial account is going to buy anything from you either!!!" Use the oreilly's  auto parts across the street." I usually get what I want here when I need it.  in and out in a flash.  Good people working here. "I live in the area and recently needed to buy some refrigerant (R134a) and other related items. Not being a car guy  but will give you advice. Please don't rate them poorly because they didn't fix your car. You need to know what's wrong and have an idea of how to fix it before you come here. They will loan you some tools to change a battery or do very small repairs (if you are lucky they will even do it for you)."  the test took only a few minutes. Was told what the problem was as well as how to research further into it online. Friendly staff I have to say their customer service is fantastic and their prices are right.  keep it up "As it started to rain I pulled into this Autozone and purchased a pair of Bosch wiper blades for my Toyota Tundra.  The sales clerk rang up the sale and quickly went out in the rain and installed the blades.  I tried to tip him $5.00 "Very pleased with this store and their staff. Went in for headlamp replacement bulbs. The manager gave me some advice on selection and extending the life of the bulbs. That evening I received a call from the store manager asking if the headlamp replacement bulbs worked ok and did I have any trouble installing them. First Rate. I've shopped at this store fairly regularly and have never been disappointed in their service. Bill  pay attention to all of their staff...everyone stands around with their hands in their pockets... all the while they are looking for a way to scam you. Its hilarious to sit and listen to what they would tell every customer Standard warranty is 1 year on parts and 3 months labor.  They will try to sell you on providing 1 year labor for around $20 extra." I went into this location yesterday and stood around for 20 min waiting to be helped. Finally got tired of waiting and went personally to the garage and found 1 guy doing work and the other off on his phone texting. I explained how i had been waiting and what the issue was with my car. All this for him to tell me to go see Matthew. Matthew was no where in site! Ugh finally said screw everyone and ill just tow my car home. This location will never receive my business. I had a little bit of trouble tracking someone down to help me in the beginning but once it got started everything ran smoothly. They even came in and gave me an update half way through!"  my vehicle was ready.  They get two starts for completing the service they are just rude and don't want to take time with a PAYING COSTUMER. The service men are always messing around and they are just as useless as the people running the place inside. They messed up my warranty on my car battery and wouldn't help me change anything because the guy that sold it to me didn't work there anymore so there was ""nothing they could do about it'. AND THEN they mess up the charges at the end One word SLOW appointments are worthless. You arrive 15 minutes early and get in 45 minutes late. They say 45 minutes to an hour it takes 2 hours. Went in for a simple battery purchase and swap. Prices were very reasonable. I was quoted 45-60 minutes for them to replace the battery. I drove away from the garage 14 minutes after I walked in the front door. It was a very pleasant experience and I appreciated the fact that they really hustled to take care of the replacement quickly. This was one of the best experiences I've had getting any kind of service on my car.  loss of power or all of the other symptoms of a blown head gasket. It's an expensive repair and one they seem to love suggesting you need done. They found I am leaking coolant from my water pump which seems like a reasonable diagnosis. Your service guy needs a little lesson in tact in letting people know they're car needs a lot of work too." "bought tires a few years ago and they said they would be in in 2 days when in and not there and that happen 2 more times. then they finally got it on about 3 weeks later i hit a nail close to my side wall and the tire had less than 100 miles. they decided they could patch it. i also go the road hazard warranty. about 4 months later i hit a nail 2 inches from were the other nail was equivalent to. they said they would give me a premium tire.  walked out and never went back. so the moral of my storie is  because the computer didn't accept it and the manager had to be called over.  He took a little bit of time having to research the coupon details but in the end he gave me the discount.  The two gentleman that helped me that day were kind  he was just doing his job.  But nowadays it's getting more rear to see people get the small details right when it comes to helping customers."  so I was waiting at the tire service counter with one person in front of me and another behind me. The advisor who was helping the person in front of me said to me I'll be with you in just a moment sir  and I went to this pep boys to get an oil change and tire rotation. The customer service rep was awesome!! However it took an hour and a half because ""I had to take a lot of stuff off and this car is really new"" in the words of the mechanic. And the icing on the cake was that he couldn't figure out how to reset the oil change light and that I need to take it to the dealer and have them do it. Awesome. I have always gone to pepboys in California and they have never had an issue with this. Looks like the manager of this location needs to evaluate the training of his employees." rtzWtF_2D73oHP1WoqGaAg "My battery died and had purchased at pep boys and forgot the receipt! Tried looking up but couldn't find but Gene was so nice he actually believed me! That is rare... He put new Battery in car and said there you are... No charge...he prorated to date I told him purchased and am good for couple years! Thanks Gene  Maunel for help. He is polite and apologized for the wait. I aka for an oil change and rotation and ask for my fluids to be topped off. He says there's a 45 min wait and I said just call me when it's finished. An hour and a half goes by and no call. Manuel's at lunch and so a guy checks us out. He is nice and friendly. He confirmed all the work was done that I asked. But next day oil light comes on and the fluids aren't filled. So much for that. Called manager and they said they needed to see the car to confirm there was no oil in it. Some service! Oh and they told me they don't actually fill fluids up so if you want full service or good service better try elsewhere!" I went with my sister to to this location for a potential brake service done on her car. I felt as though the employees deliberately ignored our presence. The employees were rude and facetious when they spoke with us about our car issue. I will NEVER come back to this location again because I have never seen employees have so much contempt towards customers. We left without making a purchase because we did not want to support this establishment.  in a rude demeanor... There was one car on lift with 3 mechanics... I can change my own oil in 45 minutes... The fact that they couldn't do it in 30 blows my mind... I am also in the market for some new tires that I would have purchased here  went in for rear struts and quoted me 580 for both front and rear. After 6 hours of waiting they called me saying the front are done but the rears need to be done for an additional 500 dollars. After constant bickering back and forth with no customer service once so ever. They misquoted me the price and still couldnt lower the price. This is the exact reason i hate going to get my car fixed at places with no integrity." Then we read loses these people are just here to extort money from the customers rather than helping them truly! Never going to them ever again!" "I want to start off by saying this happened four years ago so I am not sure if they have changed since then. I went in to get my car checked out because it wasn't starting and I had no idea why. The mechanic called me with a quote for $850 and said that the distributor needed to be rebuilt along with warranties and fees etc... The sad thing is if I had had enough money to fix it then I probably would of paid it. I didn't have the money so I told them that I would come back to get the car. I went back with AAA and they towed the car back to my house. I went and looked under the hood and to my surprise my car was torn apart. They had not put anything back together that they took apart when diagnosing it. I had no idea what fell out and what stayed on the ride home because some pieces were just loose laying in different spots in my engine compartment. Well I ended up having to go back down there and talk to a manager who told me they would put it back together for me(I was a bit reluctant at this point to trust these guys with my car but I didn't have much of a choice). They put it back together and had my car towed back home. I ended up researching the problem on auto MD and it said that it was the distributor cap and rotor that needed replaced($20 as opposed to $850). The problem was the screws that were holding them together before were gone because my car wasnt put back together. I ended up having to send away for the screws from toyota. I put the cap and rotor back on and VOILA IT WORKED! There was nothing wrong with my distributor and I was so happy to have saved myself from getting completely screwed by these guys. By the way   if you were to  purchased it at the same store at the parts counter.  Moving down the road to a new home for car repair. Heard Pep Boys has changed owners liked the old owner's way of doing business new Pep Boys not for me"  I noticed that both ""Emergency Exit"" doors were blocked by table and chairs. Would not surprise me if on his next visit the Fire Marshall takes note of it." So if you buy a set of brakes from them and you install one set yourself but ran out of time to do the other they won't touch your car. So that means they never sell one tire? It was their brake pads i bought yesterday so its not like i came in with 3D printed pads. Funny thing about these shops. They want your business and then in the same breath give you the business! I came in asking about car fuses for my hard wire radar detector and had a bunch of questions and was taken care of. I will be back for future purchases. Thanks guys.  went to Midas on 90th and nearby Sun Devil. They were great!" "Horrible customer service. Although some try to help customers while the other employees screw around. I got a quote for a $2500 service repair they recomended. All while I was waiting for an oil change. My car is not worth that price. I did not explode and called them out as liars. I just kept quiet looked at what they said needed repairs for my car. I know my car  I really appreciate what you've done! Nova Days finding a combination of a high level professionalism and great customer service skills is rare!!"  found the defect.  Would not do anything because their warranty prorates tires where competitors replace the tires. They basically give you $20 credit and then tell you that they no longer sell these tires and recommend a Michelin at 2x the price. Then tell me I need to pay for another mount and balance as well. This is a HORRIBLE place to buy tires. I told the sales guy it would be the last time I would set foot in a Pep Boys and I wouldn't be recommending them to ANYONE 