  the wait to get the tire looked at was ~2 hours.  Sorry--can't wait that long to get a warranted repair I will never go back to Flynn's b c of the way this guy treated me and the simple fact that they gave me a used tire!" "Terrible. Preordered my tires and when I arrived they couldn't find the order anywhere. Once we got through that process I waited over 2 hours for them to be put on... I was originally told it would take 30 mins. Slow And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years." "Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They ""fixed"" it for free They repaired them.  I saved alot of money.  #integrity #greatcustomerservice" "I took my wife's car in for new tires on good Friday. I felt that the prices were reasonable  so I can't say for sure that the deal I got was a good one. But that said Alan and the crew at Master Muffler certainly appears to have done a great job fixing my car to a degree better than I expected and at a price much lower than I was expecting. And with a great warranty on their work I feel comfortable knowing that if there is a problem I'll be covered. I would absolutely recommend them to all my friends."  first serve.) Don't be an idiot and expect your car to be fixed 5 minutes after pulling into the lot. Oh  disrespectful in fact. I towed my vehicle to Master Muffler in the evening. The owner called me at 645 am the next day and gave me attitude for leaving it in his parking lot. He told me he wouldn't work on the vehicle and that I had to pick it back up by the end of the day. I said this was a secondary vehicle and I asked if he could be fixed at his earliest convenience I will absolutely be back to Discount Tire Center in the future." They only replaced the tires and didn't look for any other ""potential problems"" with brakes "these guys are awesome. in and out in no time I will definitely go back here for future tire needs." "I never would have put off getting my tires replaced if I knew it could be this easy!  We showed up without an appointment and it took under 10 minutes for them to change two of my tires.  It was like having a pit crew working on my car This tire center is amazing. Great job replacing my BMW run flats for cheaper than any other place. They have fresh coffee while you wait. I  am impressed with how quick they are. Less than fifteen minutes later they were done and our car was better than new! The car rides so much better and going over bumps and pot holes is so much more comfortable. Don't put off getting new tires and give this place a shot!" "I don't know why I put off tires for so long when I live so close to this place! I went on a Thursday morning. Dropped off the car and walked across the street to get coffee. As soon as I came back they were done! Not even 10 mins. These guys are the best! Not too expensive either because they don't try to sell you all the ""bells and whistles"" that other tire places try to sell you (ehem mr. Tire). I had been quoted a price of around $700 for tires from other places but discount tire got them on for only $360. From now on  friendly and efficient service. Didn't try to up sell me but gave me exactly what I needed. Will definitely be back! Thanks for such a great tire-getting experience."  they quickly remedied a situation when I expressed my unhappiness." "Awesome service turnaround time. No appointment needed. The pit crew is ready when you pull up. And very economic ! Forget the dealerships  but I arrived closer to 6:50. What really impressed me was that they opened the service bay door before their scheduled open time! Seriously  just go here. You will not be disappointed."  Jason did reach out to me to apologize and attempt to explain the company policy (which shows me that they care).  Also  they didn't try to sell me anything that I didn't need or want!  I'd recommend calling in to see how many people are in line.  Obviously if there had been four cars being worked on I'd have had less people to work on my car but I can't imagine the service being slow considering how efficient their operation is." Awesome service. Good prices. Got me in really fast.  but you get one star for that. I ended up buying American tires for the same price elsewhere. Took me forever to get to work from this location because the traffic is horrendous from here."  I turned around and they were removing the jacks (or whatever they are called) and my car was done!  Prices that can't be beat-helpful and friendly "Awesome experience! My tire went flat and I drove in on my spare and announced that I needed to buy a new tire. The gentleman asked to see my old tire and then said Discount Tire is a no BS local business run by good people that want to save you money with quality products and services." Not sure who had a bad experience with customer service. The guys were great! Spin and balanced and everything"  and said mine would pass inspection and make through at least the summer (June when I went). I appreciate that they did not try to sell me tires when I didn't yet need them. I will definitely return to Discount Tire Center when it is time to get new tires."  ranging from a value option up to the original OEM.  The service is fast and you'll literally be out on 15 minutes after pulling your car into the shop. And the people there are extremely friendly and honest."  honest work and great pricing.  Recently I brought my truck in after another shop said I needed a litany of repairs.  At Bruno's they did only the necessary work and even fixed the ignition switch which had worn out and only charged me for the part.  These guys are great  I have A LOT of experience getting my car repaired. The two brothers who own Bruno's are great. They are very knowledgeable Absolutely amazing guys here! We were in Pittsburgh visiting my family and the driver's seatbelt stopped working. Day after Thanksgiving and these guys got us in despite obviously being incredibly busy.  It turns out that a piece of plastic had gotten stuck in the buckle. Now we are able to drive home. Thanks!!!!! Thanks to both of you!" "It is the best mechanic shop I have been to in Pittsburgh.  I went there every year for inspections and every time my car had a problem.  Absolutely excellent service!! The most valuable things that I have found about this shop is the honesty and great price One of my best experience ever. They are dedicated and helpful. The shop is quite small but amazing service can be provided. 10 10.  reliable and an excellent body shop man. When he says he will have the car ready  AND NO BS.  WHAT MORE CAN YOU WANT?" Fair prices and they keep you up to date with how long they need."  and don't use the scare tactic that other garages use (using big words and jargon to confuse you into buying more service).  I trust these guys!"  fast and trustworthy.  Historically I would end up taking it to Pep Boys because they were cheapest.  I initially went to Bway to cross confirm whether my rear brakes needed to be changed as per Pep Boys.  Bway said everything was fine front and rear and just charged me for inspection.  I felt that showed integrity as plenty of other garages could have changed it out and made money on my lack of knowledge.  It's nice to support a local business that deserves it."  my pride and joy. Damn I was like 27 at the time. Then his dad pulled out a card that said pride and joy. I'm now 47 and still take my cars here from time to time. Damn time flies when you're having fun....get 5% off. Tell them Shakim sent you or show them this ad" They told me my 2004 Toyota would need new wipers to pass safety inspection. They had me At no point did I feel like they were trying to cheat me or up-sell me.  And they were the cheapest place I checked out."  most honest and reliable car guys in the Burgh. I lived in Pittsburgh for eight years and still have family there. I drive in from out of state so these guys can do work for me." Great service. I had my tail light replaced and had it bought online. Other places said that they wouldn't install something that wasn't bought at their place. Bastone finished the work very quickly and did a great job. Great service and value.  there is noise from front wheel. This garage took more than a week to diagnose my car and gave me a ~1900$ bill for repair of a lot of un-related stuff. And they didn't even check the cooling system until I ask them to do. Then they insisted nothing wrong with cooling system other than a loose clamp  and decided to fix whatever the problem was without asking me and charging me an insane about (approximately $150 more than most places).  Definitely will not go back there again." They fixed the light on the spot charging me $12.  First impressions are great - very clean repair shop and the service for this minor repair was done in a friendly and welcoming manner."  never trying to sell me on unnecessary work.   I really appreciate their honesty and their help in keeping my old car working and on the road."  free oil change for every 6 oil changes you do there - of course this means every 2.5-3 years but still).  The also have a shuttle to drop you off (I have never used it but I have seen other people using it).  However  really nice people willing to help and pretty decent prices.."  and hasn't felt this good to drive since I bought it. I will definitely be returning if any other problem with my car arises. Nice work guys." Perfect place! I needed help today and they helped me....no charge...just asked me to do something nice for somebody else today! The guys at Bastone are great. Everyone is friendly and knowledgable. We've brought our car in several times for both regular service and repairs and they always work quickly and provide a solution at a reasonable price. They're always very patient when we ask lots of questions. Our car has never been in better shape thanks to Bastone. I quickly needed a car inspection and called around. Bastone picked up and was able to fit me in within the week. I dropped off the car early in the morning ~8:30am and got a call around 11:30 to pick it up!! Good timing as I had run my errands nearby and sat down at a coffee shop to get some work done.  Great service and friendly folks.  and I was given the same price I was told. Unfortunately  and Bob were very helpful with the inspection and repairs on my 2010 BMW 5 series. Their pricing was extremely fair and reasonable. They were honest and trustworthy in the handling of the repairs.  Its a modest little shop conveniently located. They got me in and out quickly and efficently.  I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly they were able to handle the inspection and repairs so that I wasn't without my vehicle for more than a day. Their hours could be a little longer for pickup "Honest and helpful mechanics. I've had my car inspected here multiple times "This place is a disaster. I made an appointment online for 5:30PM. When I got there they refused me service  I could not comprehend why the air pressure wasn't regulated to my new tires.  How hard was it to make sure that my psi was set to 32?  One tire was at 38 and the other at 35.  I promptly needed to visit a gas station to remedy the situation."  was told it would take about 1.5 hours (when I had an existing appointment). It's almost been 2.5 hours and I'm still waiting. Ridiculous." All of these issues were entirely preventable. The lack of expertise and techincal skill at this Goodyear location is abysmal. I do not recommend."  store manager stated that they will not touch the car as it has aftermarket rims and lug nuts.  He did not state any restrictions about aftermarket parts as they could not guarantee the work.  I asked if this was the case for all rims and he became a little snotty.  I had heart surgery a while back and I can't do the jack and tire work as not to tear at my incision breastplate  Craig and the entire team at Good Year for fitting us in. I really appreciated them getting this done for us so quickly I have bought tires here. I have gotten tires repaired here. The staff is prompt. The product is good. Went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire.  Got there at 4:40.  No one could look at it because they had an appointment at 5.  One person working and couldn't look at my car.  No appointments available for tomorrow.  Fail! Made an appointment for 3:30. They completely forgot I was coming but said they could start on my car in ten minutes and be done in an hour. Came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot. They said it would take another two hours to start work. Completely unhelpful and unapologetic.  my tire would hold air for a few hours so I drove to another place.  They fixed the flat no problem for $20.  Guess that cracking wasn't so bad after all."  was really friendly and helpful. Had to diagnose something with my car-done quickly. I usually go to the Monroe in Wexford  Ray was dealing with a really difficult customer. I would have blown my top at this guy Never have work done in a place like this until you do your homework!" "I knew I needed new tires and an alignment so I ordered the tires ahead so I could be in-and-out as quickly as possible to make it to class. Showed up noone had ordered the tires but they said they'd split the difference of a different brand. I was a little irritated but agreed and thought this was going to be a bad decision coming here (I'm from out of town); however This shop is not following the guidelines they have clearly posted on their wall and are fabricating problems in an effort to overcharge you for simple repairs.  Avoid this shop." If you need tires go to Pep Boys on Milvalle. If you need an oil change go to Midas on Penn Circle they'll be able to get you in and not wait three days."  where ""45 minutes"" is actually 2 hours and running at the time of this post. My car is on a lift with no tires and the employees are smoking cigarettes laughing. I can't even escape if I wanted to. At least they turned the heat off in the waiting room. Not like it's November in Pittsburgh or anything..."  but where else are you going find a mechanic who actually suggests way to save money on the repair" "The most important quality a mechanic can have is honesty. Meet Tim Walter. When I take my car to Walter's I know the service will be good  or tell you how to do something yourself if that's what would be more sensible.  I recommend Walter's to anyone who's in the market for a mechanic."  but he does get easily distracted sometimes.  Bear with it I had a great experience and am sure everyone else will. Thanks Tim" "I just want to echo what everyone else has already said about this mechanic.  My brakes gave out and I came upon the glowing reviews for Walter's "Went to Walters after I had a ripoff repair store tell me my Volvo needed new roters.  Thank goodness I know what they are and that they had been replaced just 16 months ago.  Tim at Walters confirmed my belief and passed my inspections.  He was fast I recommend Walters to anyone with a car in Pittsburgh!"  personable guy because I'm just paying him to fix my car and as long as he does that right I'm happy. But Tim is one of the nicest guys I've ever met  my dad always fixed my car.  Now that he lives two states away "I went to Walt's due to the reviews I saw here on Yelp.  I like supporting local business and I also wanted to find a garage I could trust.  There was nothing wrong with my car I just needed the oil changed and I asked them to make sure I was ""good to go"" for the winter season.  They changed the oil Excellent and trustworthy mechanic. Walter's was SO helpful  when our daughter's car was misdiagnosed by another garage. He talked us through the options over the phone (we're 300 miles away) and helped us find a solution. Two thumbs up! WWlNzfSllSQhr4whj0W_ng I'll definitely be going to him if there's anything that I need to get fixed in the near future."  it's just hard as hell to get an appointment. If he weren't so damn nice (like doing all sorts of free things for people) he could probably have himself a bigger Great experience. Honest and friendly!! I'm going to keep going to Manordale  he noticed all the expired parking passes covering my back window and offered to take them off for me.  Great customer service; I will definitely be back with any future car issues." I also found the price reasonable & the service was quick."  and helpful reassuring. I love this about Walter's Automative. They're not out just to make money. They genuinely just want to help. Highly reccommend!!"  they are victims of their own awesomeness.  The waits here can be long--2 weeks or more--due to how busy they are and they only have one bay.  If you do have a pressing safety concern though  and done other things for no charge several times. I'd definitely recommend them."  I drive a 2011 Malibu and I'm a happy girl.  Thank you Tim- I appreciate you looking out!  Other car repair shops would have fixed my car charged me out the azz only for my car to break down again.  Tim really does have your best interest."  in a pinch and gave me a second opinion on a problem with my car. Pep boys tried to charge me over twice the amount for the job  everyone else in Pittsburgh knows this since I have to schedule an appointment 10 days in advance just to get my car inspected.  So please I thought I need an alignment and turns out all I needed was a tire balance. I stopped by he had me go with him and we drove around the block. I didn't cost me a thing because the tire balance was under warranty. Really  nice guy.  he even volunteered a partial refund to me because he said he wished that his most recent work on it could have been enjoyed by me for longer Respectful towards my girlfriend I know a lot about cars and mechanics since I've worked at a dealership and the honesty of Walters still amazes me. I will take my car here every time I need to get something done I just called Walter's Automotive to make an appointment for a state inspection. After being yelled at by to lady at the front desk in a very inappropriate way I prefer to look for another place. Too bad after all these prior good reviews. I am really happy to have found someone to take care of my car :-D  Thanks Tim!!!"  the man has a great memory. He *still* makes fun of me for that Coke can I had strapped to my muffler 7 years ago." Thanks for everything!" "Hands down a great experience! I called yesterday as the driver headlight on my car was out and asked if I needed to make an appointment. The woman on the phone said to just stop right by during their hours. I went by this morning and their (small) lot was full so I just sat in my car while I believe who was Tim was finished chatting with another guy. I continued to sat in my car for a couple of minutes while Tim quickly inspected my headlight. Unfortunately he did not have any replacement bulbs but ordered them right on the spot while I was there and told me to come back any time in the afternoon. Fast forward a few hours later. I  just popped by and after popping my hood and going into their office to pay "I found this mechanic based on the excellent Yelp reviews and I was not disappointed.  I came to Walter's because my radiator was leaking coolant and Walter tried to save me money by doing a patch job on the leak which he was only going to charge me $20.  Unfortunately it didn't work and I still had to go through with the replacement  and sent me on my way without charging. A good mechanic is worth their weight in gold and I will not only return to this garage but refer others as well." I can't say enough about the excellent service I received from Walter's..."  once I had a tire that needed to be replaced but he didn't have it in stock. He told me how much it would cost to have the tire ordered and how long it would take to come in  and will go to Walter's with any car trouble I have while I am here for school. I recommend Walter's in the highest degree." I found Walter's through yelp and was not sure how a auto repair shop had all 5-star reviews. This is totally unheard of. And now having gone there for a repair and inspection  but Tim has also dropped everything to help me in a pinch. Little things like changing my headlight for free when Pep Boys and Monro wanted me to wait 2 hours and charge me $20+ and helping me fill my coolant when I was in a panic. This place is just absolutely outstanding  driven around in my car with me to make sure that I am satisfied with what's done. Never once has this been done at any other mechanic I've been to - I've just assumed that it's all better. My final bill was considerably less than others when compared online and in phone call inquiries. I will always go back to them as long as I live in Pittsburgh. And I recommend you do the same. I mean really  incredibly quick service with care and attention. Reasonable prices. Will absolutely use him for all auto needs"  but Walters did not. They are really great and fix the car for your needs. Yesterday I returned for inspection and once again he treated me fairly and only mentioned things that I already knew needed work. I would recommend this place to anyone with an older car and wants an honest car repair man. Walter's will definitely be getting my business in the future!"  and was so happy I did. I will be taking my car and my husband's truck here from now on. The service here cannot be beat!" I would definitely recommend giving this business a try!" Tim goes above and beyond with his service. He came to my house 3x one day to check everything he could before I ended up towing it to the garage. I will definitely go back!"  great work and amazing prices. I had them repair a wheel issue on my car. For no charge the mechanic also hid some wires I never got around to moving for the DYI back-up camera I installed." very nice people who were accommodating and appear to look for ways to do the job right at the lowest cost possible. a breath of fresh air for an out-of-towner with a problem. Thanks  the one and only call I will make will be to Walter's Automotive." The personnel is polite and knowledgeable." "Good honest business. They did not nickel and dime me and have quickly gained my loyalty and respect. They had the decency to recommend that I not get my inefficient catalytic converter replaced.  Bit of a wait to get the car in "I just went to Tim as my check engine light came on on my recently purchased 2005 Toyota Corolla. Tim took a look at the code and told me what the problem was. Reset it for me and told me to call him if it comes on again  and am a very satisfied customer.  They were able to squeeze me in for my past-due yearly inspection after my dealership was unable to keep my scheduled appointment last Saturday due to a power outage.  I dropped the car off before work and was able to pick it up easily.  They were attentive  in terms of honesty and willingness to really go beyond what a customer would expect "I used this shop in order to perform my annual inspection. They were extremely flexible with me being from out of state and my busy schedule. I was a bit apprehensive having an older car Shhhhh don't tell anybody!  Tim has a fair price and gets the job done. I never feel like he is trying to sell me anything extra. He just gets the job done and sends me on my way normally with in the day. This is a place you can trust and if he has an opening he will take you." Honest would be the right word to describe the people at Walter's automotive." "Prices are reasonable and they have not given me the ""I am here to screw you out of a bunch of money"" feeling you get from dealerships and other automobile garages.  I will continue to use this place.  They are very knowlegable when it comes to fixing vehicles."  prompting my earlier negative review. It took awhile to complete the repair as Tim told me two other cooling fans they tried to put in were also faulty. They finally got a third one in that worked "The staff at Walter's treated me like an old friend even though this was my first time there. Everyone was so nice Consistently awesome. Highly recommended. They always get my car in quickly. Their estimates are spot on. Very friendly. How much was I charged for this? Not. One. Dime. Such a pleasure to receive great service while also being treated with kindness and respect. Would recommend this place to anybody in a heartbeat."  and I was not disappointed when I went to Walter's.  My car was screeching incessantly when I drove and turned.  It was so loud that I was worried that something was very wrong so I decided to get it checked out.  Walter took a look at my car and found that the problem was not serious Walters automotive has never disappointed me. I was quoted almost double what Walters charged me for replacement brakes and rotors. I'm so thankful that I held out to go to Walters and get the fair price. I was a little nervous about seeing a new mechanic for my car because I'm a young woman and we can be discriminated against in the mechanical world. But my friend recommended Walter's and I am so glad. Fast "Had my front brakes replaced on my 2000 4Runner (rotors had gotten warped).  Also got an oil change.  Tim was awesome Seems like a decent garage. I was really in a jam and needed a repair done and had already bought the needed part. However they would not install it. I'm not sure why their policy is this way perhaps there's good reasoning behind it but it left me in a jam. Most garages mark up parts 40% maybe that's why? Or maybe they don't want everyone walking in the door with their own parts? I wasn't expecting a warranty I just wanted to part put on the car  and there were no surprises. It is so rare these days that you discover  a business so honest and so diligent. I would recommend Walter's to everybody;  however  Tim recommended that I go to a neighboring shop to get the exhaust work done because ""it would be too expensive if I did it."" This was something I've never encountered. A mechanic recommending another place to do business??? Do yourself a favor and give this place your business. Your car might be out of commission for a few days  and fast.  I'm new to the area and went here based solely on yelp reviews. I hate dealing with mechanics but Walters was refreshingly painless." Recently took our car to Walter's for a state inspection. Could not be more pleased with the service provided by Tim and his staff. Time went above and beyond to make sure that we were taken care of. I will be going back to Walter's for all of my auto mechanic needs.  I don't really see what makes him that great! He charges just like any other mechanics...parts are marked up just like everyone else. It is not like one can barter with what the prices a mechanic charges; otherwise you can't get the car back."  honest fix. This is the only car mechanic shop I completely trust." "I have never felt this passionately positive about an auto mechanic. The first time I ever visited was when I first moved to Pittsburgh and away from a (terrible) mechanic elsewhere. My 2005 Prius was making odd noises when going up some of Pittsburgh's impressive hills  honest mechanic in the east end I highly recommend Walter's! Went in just for an inspection and walked out of there paying for the inspection only. They didn't ""find"" anything like most places do just to make a buck off of you. They were friendly and honest about minor things that they said could wait. Being a female especially "It's the go to place if you are looking for an honest mechanic who knows what he's doing. But please plan your trips a month in advance   I found everyone there very easy to talk to and approachable.  I called them on a Thursday and had an appointment the following week on a Friday.  So it does take some time to get in with them but if your car can handle it  they don't force services and parts replacements on you. They'll tell you that you need to change an item "Nothing new to say that everyone has not said before.  Tim is great  I was worried about finding somewhere in Pittsburgh to get inspection and repairs done. They've been great and I've been taking my car to them for 2 years now. Do your best to schedule in advance because they're very busy but they will try to help you out if you're on a time crunch!"  I hung up feeling like a major inconvenience. I will not work with this company and thankfully found a friendly and very willing to help alternative repair shop on Liberty." "Lord love an honest about mechanic!!  I have been traveling for 3 months and knew that I needed to get my front & back brakes done & I knew there was at least 1 motor mount that was bad when I bought the car 10 months ago.  Stopped at one of those chain places 3 months back when I started my trip to get my oil changed and 1 new tire.  They were the kings of: ""Hey could you come over for a second?  I wanna show you something.""  They said all this other stuff was wrong with my car and quoted me an estimate of $1705 for the repairs.  I got up this morning and googled ""honest auto mechanic Pittsburgh"" Walter's place was the first place that came up. Tons of 5 star reviews.  Gave them a call.  They had me come on over and got my front and back brakes done for me.  (The other place said the brakes and the rotors were bad 3 months ago.) He mentioned the motor mount.  The other place told me all 4 were bad.  2 were bad.  So I ended up having Walter take care of that too because if I find someone who is honest  and told me what he would be able to do for me.  He fit me in the very next morning and fixed my brakes within a matter of hours AND for an incredibly cheap price.  Great service and fantastic price.  Keeping this one on my short list. Absolutely five stars."  fair prices. Come here if you need anything or check ups on your car!  Try to make your appointment 2wks in advance." "They are great at taking time to explain things to you. Very honest and caring folks  I'd trust these guys over anything else!" Highly recommended over nearly any other automotive care company in the vicinity - I've tried them all. These guys are the best." "We went there to get two new back tires. We we pulled out the lot we start hearing a loud grinding noise. We took it back and now they're saying there's something wrong with our breaks. But we didn't have that problem until we left their lot! And then we talked to the boss and the big boss and ""there's nothing we can do about it"" they said.   We used our hard earned money about $300 to get something fixed and now we have something broken that wasn't until they touched it... Don't go here. And then there was another lady that was complaining about their service too. Get it together Midas!" They are great.  I will be back if I'm ever in this area when I need anything." DO NOT take your car to Midas!! They do faulty work that can jeopardize your safety. The are unprofessional and discourteous. They place NO value on customer satisfaction. Take your business elsewhere!!" "I called to find out if I needed an appointment to which I was told ""just come now we can take you"" then when I gave them my keys they said come back in three hours. Guy was also trying to push a credit card and seemed upset when I said I didn't want one. Three hours later when I came to get my car transaction was processed and he was ready to let me go on till I brought up that The paper said something had been broken on my last oil change. That's funny because between my last oil change and this one I personally checked them oil meter and it was not broken. Furthermore I week later I found my car's belt system was broken. The guy who fixed it said someone must've broken and although I don't agree it's something they could've seen. Not coming back even though it's rather convenient" Great service! They fit me into a busy schedule within 2 hours of calling and fixed my flat tire for a great price. I will definitely use Midas again after my experience with them. Too many mechanics in east end. I'll go elsewhere if a quick-fix problem occurs. For scheduled maintenance Cheaters should go out of business. I hope you do." Seriously just don't do it. Had a 11 am appointment and was told it would be a hour wait. I got comfortable and finished some work. Let's just say I waited for close to 5 hours. Of course with tons of suggestions totaling almost $800. My quick oil change turned into a day long event and I honestly don't know if they even completed the oil change.  honest and good customer service. Recommend arriving early as they get pretty busy during the day."  The workers are very friendly. I'm a poor college kid and they are always trying to find me the best deals  go some place were they care about getting your car work completed in a timely fashion." Great experience overall." So the whole reason why I chose this Aamco was because it was a short walk from my apartment in Shadyside and I could easily leave my car there and walk home without having to bum a ride from my roommate.  All I needed was an oil change and my PA state inspection and it turned out to be a pretty painless experience.  I just dropped off my car in the morning and picked it up in the afternoon.  It's hard to find a decent mechanic and Larry and his team seem like people who will take good care of you.  I'll be back there for sure. Can't recommend this place enough!" I can't recommend these guys enough.  The best mechanic I have had experiences with in my adult life!"  so I'm taking my car in to actually get it worked on with confidence." "I went here to get my serpentine belt replaced and a transmission flushed and these guys were friendly and efficient.  They took the time to explain things to me and I felt comfortable that they were making the appropriate recommendations without trying to charge me for things I didn't need.  It was ready in just a few hours as promised so I was able to pick it up same day.  Only complaint is that they left my transmission fluid dipstick out of place under the hood so it was just laying on top I'll most likely come back for my future inspection needs  it died! I went back in and told him that the tow truck operator hooked it up to a jumper box and pumped the gas to start it. That's what he did. Then told me it probably didn't start because it was sitting so long. Then he told me ""I don't know anything about your car""! I left and sure enough had trouble getting it started at my next destination "So I had to take my car to get inspected in order to register my car here in PA and ended up taking it to this place.  I called in advance  he offered to schedule me for a Saturday morning appointment as he was going to be in that weekend anyway. I was happy to accept his offer and the actual appointment went very well. The man I spoke with and who worked on my car is very personable and accommodating  I take my SUV here on Sunday in an effort to know why it was running so roughly. I spoke with Brian at the desk who was very polite and professional. Sunday went by then Monday went by. Tuesday morning I get a call from Brian who stated that they couldn't fix my car due to not being able to remove a bolt without possibly getting in over their heads. What!? Are you freaking kidding me!? A NATIONALLY KNOWN GARAGE IS AFRAID TO REMOVE A BOLT!!?? Then I had to pay them $102.67 to get my SUV back. I HAD TO PAY THEM TO WASTE MY TIME AND DO NOTHING!! I know that they say never say never Cons: Even for basic service it often takes +3 days to do." "I took my Jeep to Brian and Jim's shop a month ago because I heard a grinding noise at about 20 mph and above in the general area of the rear wheels.  I talked with Brian a several times and he seems to be a knowledgable and good guy.  They found a used ""rear end"" and installed it at what seems like a reasonable price.  Jeep sounded great when I got it back.  It's now two weeks later and the same (or similar) sound is back.  When I called Brian said essentially P.S. If you're the type that doesn't really like just hanging out in the garage while you wait for them to finish with your car  ""well we strongly believe that if you're good to your customers they'll be good right back to you."" So this is my first yelp review "I own an hvac company. My truck is my life-line!!!!! lost forward drive. Called Brian and talked about repairing the truck asap. He told me to get it into the shop as soon as I could. I had it towed over and he got right on it. Had the transmission out and replaced within a couple days. He could have charged me anything  but this Aamco is the exception.  I brought my car in for the state inspection after a bad experience at another shop.  The new owner was extremely accommodating  these guys are also very friendly and professional.  I only wish all car mechanics would have this type of work ethics."  and friendly service made this a go-to place for my future car troubles. I'm glad to have found some trustworthy mechanics in my area--I think we would all agree they are worth their weight in gold."  at best. I wouldn't go there again.  They quoted me at thousands of dollars of repairs for my car to pass inspection.  I took it somewhere else and had it done for a fraction of the quote." Don't go. I got more problems and sounds on my car after I spent $800 there. unbelievable! Not sure why the negative reviews on here? I went there for brakes and got a great deal. They squeezed me in on short notice too since I was going out of town. I'll be going back for more work -- the guys here are great. I needed a new flex pipe welded. Meineke took care of it quickly and for cheap (after a different mechanic said what the fair price was). What a great place! Mark is amazing! We had been at another car repair shop and took it to Mark because he was close by about 1 year ago and haven't left. He is awesome! Always gets us in and they do excellent work at excellent prices. We will be with him for a very long time. Thanks to Mark and Isaac...consummate professionals who really care!!  and I'm always able to get my car in on short notice. Thanks so much for the awesome job!" They told me that they charge 100 dollars a hour. They worked for 10 minutes and wouldn't give My keys unless I paid them 107 dollars. The second time I went there I went for a minor repair and when I left my car was making a horrible noise and they completely denied it. They wouldn't say they did it. I took it to another auto shop and it was a bent in brake caliber completely rubbing and damaging other parts. It ended up costing over 300 dollars.The son is a scam artist.  it's funky looking on the outside  but they changed their mind and recommended to replace the ball joints...How could they recommend replacing them after saying they were ok in such a short time period..." Very nice staff. I go here to purchase tires or if I need a nail removed. The prices are very reasonable and the service is fast. "I have used this business for years. Very helpful honest and polite. I take my parents car here  reasonable prices. This is a place with people you can trust These guys are great! They've fixed a few flat tires for me for about $20. Fixes have always held up well. They never make me wait long and you never have to call ahead (for flat fixes). Super friendly. My son bought a used Jeep and brought it here to get necessary repairs and inspection.  Kerry fixed everything and the price was great. It's hard to find a good mechanic that is honest and affordable. They are both!!  but he showed up with a positive attitude and was excited to be able to help me out. If the car buying experience here is anything like the service I received from Kerry  which is the day after a holiday! He called the glass place right there and gave me a great quote! I'm very happy about the quick and friendly service! Other places couldn't give me an appointment for weeks  check these guys out. I couldn't be happier with my experience. Labor rate was quoted at $65 per hour  old fashioned honesty and service. I would recommend Lester's shop without reservation. Very reasonably priced." I ain't going back where they treat customers like that."  too...typical Pittsburgher who knows his stuff. Labor was $70 hour and parts were cheaper than other places. Cost me $3 to have a break light replaced.  Couldn't have been happier with the quick  very reasonable prices. They let you bring your own parts and don't give you BS." I called in for a last minute state and emission inspection and they took me in.  All together it came to around $99 and they didn't try to sell me on anything crazy. The crew here is amazing! They squished me in for a late inspection and had my car back to me that night. Very honest and trustworthy! Extreme well priced! You won't be disappointed!!!  they are found by word of mouth and treat customers well.  I've always found the guys here to be kind and helpful.  I honestly don't think they do unnecessary things in order to charge you more money.  I've never felt like I've been ripped off "I had to stop here recently to have my rim fixed.( Flat tire and bent rim!) The guys working there were excellent. Very friendly and extremely efficient. I was in and out of there in less than a half hour. And while i was expecting to get ripped off Maybe they are sexist.  Or maybe they already have too many customers.  Either way Went here Thursday for a car inspection after 6pm and they were very helpful! Not to mention friendly. They also gave me pricing on things I may need in the future. I will be going to this location again.  inspecting or putting tires on any of my vehicles. They have even matched prices from competitors for me if I was aware of a better deal on tires elsewhere. They also do or suggest you do only the services that you truly need Nail in our tire on a 4th of July weekend road trip - these guys saved us! Such great service! I have a 1999 Nissan Sentra and I went to these guys a week before my inspection expiry date Al took care of me up front (as did the general manager) and Zach did a great job on my car!" Terrible experience! I had an appointment for an inspection but still waited a loooong time. They strongly suggested services that I didn't actually need (cleaning brakes!?) and we're pushy about extra services (lifetime alignment). Stay away unless you're just buying tires! The turn around time was a bit longer than I expected but I can understand since they ran into few issues as they were working on the car."  the store manager is excellent! So is the staff such as Mike and Justin. Always give me good advices for my car and of course they would not push me to do thing that i dont need. I trust them 100% when it comes to my car. Excellent customer service! Highly recommended." So even though I will again fear the end of June....I don't have to fear my actual mechanic now!" I wouldn't recommend this mechanic to anyone.  You're better off going somewhere that has realistic wait-times and up front communication.  And you definitely don't want to deal with a mechanic who is going to lose his cool with you at the drop of a hat." I highly value Ruffing Automotive!  We have taken out two cars there for more than 25 years and we have always been happy with the service and the value for the money.  they are an honest team of mechanics who really watch out for your vehicle.  I recommend them highly! Wwnt in for an oil change with a groupon. Found out newer cars oil is not included in the oil change so $37 upchatge on top on groupon. Manager was very helpful and nice. Other employees seemed bothered when manager asked them to stop standing around talking and do the rainex treatment I paid for. When I pulled out I realized they never vaccummed. When I pulled back around they laughed like whoops.... found out the person before me they forgot to vaccum too. My windows were washed with very little effort. For the price I'd expect better service and effort from all employees not just manager. I cannot tell you their pricing as I see none of that. I assume they are fairly priced."  they did not try to trick me into having more done to my car than need be. They even have at least one chick on staff  $40?  My last oil change in NH was $27.99 and $25 in Texas.   The man was very friendly.  The waiting room was comfortable and this shop is close to our home and gym." "Very nice staff but the advertised 15 mintes is not any where near a quote of 1 1 2 hours. But everything was done professionally and accurate oil change not at shop.  but offered no explanation or apology.  When it comes to cars I have to be able to trust the mechanic and the Greentree Rd  NTB has proven to be untrustworthy.  I obviously will not return."  finally just hung up. So incompetent I did not even get a chance to rate the actual service."  they also fit me in at the end of the business day and got my repair done super quick!  Thanks!"  so all my tires were flat the next morning.  Just went in to have my winter tires put on (figured I'd give them another chance after all these years) and they were just a mess.  After several miscommunications with the guy who was ringing me up (neglected to tell me that my front tires were shot until pressed) they told me it would be an hour or two.  I signed the work order "Took my car in for an inspection and was told that I needed to have a ton of work done and that - with labor - this was going to cost $900 (excluding emissions inspect.cost) or my car wouldn't pass inspection. My partner - knowing a little more about cars than myself Very unprofessional got in the doors around 7:35 am (they opened at 7:30am) Walked in to hear the manager yelling over the phone to another employee who clearly didn't do his closing duites correct. I needed an oil change and tire rotation he told me that if i left my car there at 735 am it would be done by 12!? I'm trying to figure out how you're soo damn busy that my car will take 5 hours to do something that literally takes 30 mins.  1 star because you're soo busy but yet you're in your office screaming at an employee instead of getting work done. It's called customer service. That characteristic goes all throughout life.  it actually took me longer to do the memo and the expense report than it did to put the spare on" I gave two stars instead of one because they didn't actually break anything or lose my car or burn it down or anything. Pricing came in just over what we had agreed on because of the addition of the turndown pipes. I could have saved a lot of money and time and done it myself." Won't come again to this place...."  and then these guys for having my tire in stock and for fixing it quickly - I was in and out within 30minutes. My spare probably only had 20 miles on it  leave with a clean and dry car." When you come to this place it really looks like a dump but once you enter you get a really good service depending on how busy they are.  I haven't seen a place better in pittsburgh but they scrub your exterior with brushes to get the hard to get off bugs and dirt.  The car wash is automated as well and hand dried.  I got the platinum service which cleans the inside as well and they did a great job.  There were a few things that they missed but when I told them about it they took care of it.  When cleaning the car they even cleaned the door hinges area meticulously.  I was very happy that Pittsburgh has a decent hand car wash place and good detailing.  There is always room for improvement but these guys did a great job.  I would definitely go back again.  Keep looking at their website for specials they have 3x  $16 dollar car washes for $24 sometimes.  Great deal. They always do a nice job of washing the car.  Those touchless car washes never get all of the dirt off and this car wash has real brushes that actually cleans your car.  They recently added a protective cover to the wheel guide so that your rims don't get scratched.  The hand dry at the end is a definite bonus. "Giving my local businesses some loving. I frequent here & will never take my money elsewhere. There is a touch less car wash right down the street for the same prices who cleans half what this place does with no workers on deck. I personally prefer an actual hand wash anyday. They pressure wash the car down before you get into the actual car wash & afterwards you're greeted with 1 or 2 guys who carefully & precisely dry your car (& make sure to get off any residue the wash didn't take off) If you do come here  cheap car wash.  Don't let the place's appearance fools you.  My car looks spotless now even though it was really dirty last weekend after a snow storm. There was a line when I got there  they have fixed my tire without charging me money First time to this place. Overall a very good experience considering I had to get a state inspection and everybody knows how that goes:) Had a problem with my hood latch. It was small enough that they fixed it for free! Really nice guys.  they offer to do extra services (air filter change for example) which you could probably do on your own without much hassle." It took more time to write this review than it did to get my oil change. Nice location. 3) they should have explained to me the potential dangers of my hood not closing properly. Because on 12 24 11 my car hood came up while I was driving on highway. I narrowly avoided a serious accident" They are friendly professional reliable quick I think that's enough . I keep coming back to them because I trust them.  handed over my keys and then went in to sit down and wait.  After only about three minutes a technician came in and told me a nice little story about how my car needed synthetic oil.  And that they were going to charge me $70 for it.  Funny thing was that I had my oil changed before and no one ever told me it NEEDED synthetic oil.  Lies.  When I refused to pay that amount they promptly said that they could knock off $15.  I'm sorry They cracked my oil pan and it cost me four hundred dollars to repair. Everything was fine before I brought it here. Mechanic said it looked like they put my bolt in crooked and then hammered it in. Avoid at all cost. They will ruin your car."  and was not made to feel guilty when I declined. The service worker even gave me a tip about making sure that my toll money is no-where in site when I get my next service change to avoid tempting some dishonest people out there (turns out the corners of a few bills were showing out of one compartment...all bills were still there). He gave me a 10$ discount even though I didn't come in with a coupon "Terrible experience. I dropped my car off at 9:25 AM on a Saturday and there was one other person in front of me. I didn't leave until 11:05AM and was charged $99 for a synthetic oil changed. Overpriced  as I was driving home my check engine light came on (within 5 minutes of me leaving jiffy lube). I pulled over and read my car manual and it said that it meant there was an emissions problem.  I knew that the jiffy lube guys had taken my air filter out "Very bad service. They are extremely slow. I waited 90 minutes even though there were just 2 cars in front of me. I bought the signature service which includes vacuuming which they didn't do at all. When I told them that Before purchasing the oil change Groupon I called the store location to ask about additional fees since I have a SUV that requires synthetic oil.  I was quoted an extra $30 charge would be required at the store location.  I expected that and thought the extra fee was reasonable and went ahead and purchased the Groupon.  I showed up the next morning and was told that the up charge was $60 more not the $30 quoted just the day before.  Don't waste your time arguing with people at this location...go somewhere else This place sucks. They are incredibly slow and ridiculously over priced. They charged me 55 for an oil change and it took the an hour and a half when there was just one car infront of me. Never go here. I agree with others that at times this location can be slow.  However I have been multiple times and got right in and right out. The one time I waited a long time I was given 15 dollars off my oil change because of the wait.  I also came here for my state inspection this year and passed without any problems.  I appreciate not being nickel and dimed on little things come inspection time.  They also are very good with topping off fluids in between oil changes and have a decent waiting area.  know how much oil goes into your engine and let them know up front how much oil you are willing pay for before they touch your engine." Very long wait. Very very slow service. Do yourself a favor and stay away from this place. The workers don't seem to care about how long it takes to wait.  broke my air filter. When I went the next time Incompetent employees that can't perform a simple task correctly (changing a serpentine belt) or even fix the problem after they screwed it up. Walter's Automotive down the street took care of it easily and at a reasonable rate.  there's no one ahead of me"".  Well...there was a reason for that.  Only one employee was there and he said that I was welcome to wait but he had no idea when I'd get in because he couldn't even look at my car until someone else showed up.  Then he called me honey like it was a replacement word for what he really wanted to say.  Um This is a mechanic any woman can trust."  they also passed the inspection of my same car that Firestone guys rejected to pass quoting me a ridiculous $1300 bill to get the inspection passed. Thanks guys for always being professional and for your good customer service. I would definitely go back to them and they would be my first and foremost mechanics before doing anything with my car." They do good work at a reasonable price. And don't expect to get charged for work that you don't need. Fantastic service at honest prices.  They fixed my rusted exhaust for a fraction of what Pep Boys wanted to charge.  They fixed exactly what was wrong - nothing more and nothing less.  These guys are definitely worth checking out if you're looking for a place to take your car for repairs in the South Hills. My father went to them years ago when he had a car with some serious issues and limited funds to address them.  They worked with him and gave him several options to get that car back on the road within his budget.  I concur with the other poster that these guys are straightforward and do not play games to try and add unnecessary charges to your bill.  My wife is very loyal to them because it is the only auto repair business she has ever used where the mechanics do not treat her like an idiot because she is a woman.  Would definitely recommend!" My husband and I have older cars and take them here for repairs and inspections. We have been customers for five years and I will never go anywhere else. They are completely fair. Sometimes I will ask for an oil change and they will let me know that the oil looks good and doesn't need it. I really trust them and have never felt any doubts or needed second opinions. Their prices are great and they treat customers very well. They are pleasant to deal with. I work downtown and it is easy to drop my car off and walk to the subway at McNeilly Road. They make the experience hassle free. "I recommend these guys to everyone that is looking for a loyal shop. These guys are straight-up  or my friend's vehicle back twice for the same problem. Nothing every mysteriously goes wrong after you get your car back like at some places. They don't cut corners or skimp. They work their behinds off nonstop. If you're someone who doesn't know about cars (and I am someone who does so I know when someone is trying to pull the wool over my eyes) then you can trust them! They have never told me anything that isn't true or tried to sell me anything I didn't need." Pro tip: the little glass cleaner wipes they give away? Try leaving a few tucked into your front cupholder as a subtle hint that you live in Always have friendly workers there. Well worth the money to just drive right in and your car comes out spotless every time!!  and for years I've noticed the windshield and paint have gray spots after the car comes out.  They don't wipe off Mr. magic is one of the best automatic car washes in the Pittsburgh area even though they don't towel dry your car your wheels and your car will leave looking fresh and clean and you will be happy that you spent the money it's the next best thing to hand   washing your car "Growing up in Mt Lebanon I have gone to Mr. Magic for years and always thought and knew that it was the very best in the Pittsburgh area.  I had not been there for a while because of business travel out of the area  and one of the few garages I've dealt with as a single woman who treat me ethically. Thumbs up on this location." Made the same mistake 2x by going to  these clowns. Got tires off of these fools and alignment machine was broken. Scheduled appointment for an inspection and there damn emission machine was down. Couldn't even call me to let me know. Drove down there so they could say sorry want to do it tomorrow? I will 100% take my business back to them and even spread the good word to my friends in the south hills." DO NOT GO HERE - you end up paying for services that are NOT done." "They are fine for oil changes but don't go here for state inspections. They'll try to hit you with a bunch of unnecessary repairs. They wanted to charge me 1 I agree with another yelper- stick to this place for oil changes." Don't waste your time with this place. Go to a small business & support your local mechanics."  I will never recommend or bring another vehicle back! Just this last episode that has to deal with an inspection has me annoyed! Last month I stopped by for an oil change and asked if they could check my brakes since they were squeaky and my ebrake seemed loose. They told me everything was in good condition and nothing to worry about. I have driven 200 miles in the car since beginning of September. We bring it in October for an inspection and now my rear calipers need replaced - roughly $500! So after explaining the situation they lower the price to $350. Just to be on the safe side  it's now 5:56 and my car is still parked in the same spot."  and did a great job of explaining (and showing) what parts needed to be replaced "I've taken my car to them for over ten years and they've been consistently reliable and dependable.  They are honest  they retro-charged me $99 for labor that they originally did not charge me. Bob said ""well it's because we put more time into your car than what we charged"" and ""this is a gift"". I didn't like that but had no choice but to pay."  but they also cleaned my car and lent me one of theirs (at no extra cost) because I did not have rental insurance on my car.  This place is family owned and professional." fM5hwoJGY5gn1jEQnKiyDw  and it was great. It looked as if nothing had ever happened to the car. They also fixed a couple of scratches for no extra charge. Everyone was really friendly I highly recommend them to anyone!!"  full if integrity. Plus the best holiday decorations around!" Amazing! I tell everyone about Penn Automotive!  After moving to Pittsburgh I was worried about finding an auto repair shop I could trust but I am so glad I found them! The best!!!! Thanks so much Joel & crew! Highly recommend them. The lady who runs the office is unpleasant and rude. Will not use this garage in the future.  which is convenient for people who prefer this kind of communication." "It is a very great body shop. The people there are generally nice. And they also work very fast. They scheduled my repair in 5 days and finished fixing my car (general collision) in 3 days. And the price they charged are 20% less than the other body shop. Though the other driver's insurance company paid for it this time  they did not check on their previous work and didn't even drive the car around to actually hear what was wrong. They just came up with some excuse. Not to mention when I called them back they just told me to stop by so they can look at it. LOOK AT WHAT?? We found the problem going 65 mph down the highway and if that wheel would have came off we all could have been seriously hurt or dead. The quality here is not good at all fM5hwoJGY5gn1jEQnKiyDw  it is the truth.  He is good at what he does and does not charge you a fortune to fix it. He has inspected a problem with my car and told me to take it to a specialist to get it fixed.  John is a good chirstian man and he will NOT do you wrong."  he'll let you know without faking it and charging you for something unnecessarily (saw him check under a guy's hood while i was waiting and tell him where to take he needed to take it)." We are now going to sue him for damages."  knowledgeable and most importantly honest. It's easy for mechanics to take advantage of customers that wouldn't know better. These guys don't do that at all. Plus Please take your car to these guys with confidence.  There's just no way you'll regret it." I can't believe how friendly and nice the mechanic named Todd was!! First time visiting there today had a alternator belt that squeals really loudly when I started up the car. Was quite embarrassing and annoying with this problem. So I decided to get it fixed and found this place on yelps with good reviews I had no choice but to go here since I stay down the road and the shop reviews was what I was looking for. Todd came to my assistance as I literally opened that door and took a few steps Into the lobby. Got my car done and right away in under 5 MINS!! Fixed the problem ALSO gave me a deal to help get my AC working when I decide to get it fixed. All I gotta say is I can highly recommend this place. Even though I only visited one time first impressions had me at awe. Ill definitely come back here again!! Hard to find good business like this place  these days.  Thanks! Randy.T MrEABR3VfV0jDm_6oOfvXQ I was looking  around for a place to take my car when I came across reading reviews about Tullock Automotive.  Convinced by the reviews I decided to call in.  All I can say was they were absolutely awesome and friendly.  They were able to quickly diagnose the problem of my car and get it done.  I now take my car to Tullock Automotive because I know that I won't get sucked in by some other places that overcharge and don't always do the best job.  It has a very family oriented atmosphere with Todd's wife working there too.    I totally agree with everyone's reviews that Todd and the guys at Tullock Automotive is the place to take your car.   You WILL not be disappointed!!  So happy that I found these reviews helpful!!!  Highly recommended!!! If you live in the area or not they are worth the drive to check them out.  You will not be disappointed in the service.  Tullock automotive is a great local business in Stallings.  If you have vehicle issues do not hesitate to give them a call." I came to Tullock because my wife and i are big on Yelp. I recently purchased a vehicle after i lost my other car in a recent auto accident. The car i purchased had numerous issues and financially i was in a bind. I came hoping that I'd find a mechanic that was honest and that wouldn't take advantage of me. All i can say is Mr. Tullock went above and beyond his duties to help me. I can't even begin to say how thankful i am for his service! Mr. Tullock is a man of integrity and character! I seldom have ever came across people like him. Not only did i find a mechanic i made a friend! There's no one else I'd even trust my car with! All i can say is my family and i thank him from the bottoms of our hearts! We are in your debt sir! Tullock Automotive is 2nd to none! Hands down best shop in Matthews maybe even in all of North Carolina! Excellent work by honest guys! Everyone needs a good mechanic you can trust. I've taken my Tahoe and every other vehicle to them for oil changes to ac repair and engine work Great shop.   Gave me good advice and saved me $1000 vs the first estimate that I  received. excellent service. outstanding customer service... highly recommend for all auto repairs...  ever. I do read them often when doing research before a major purchase etc. If writing this leads one frustrated person to find an excellent mechanic then it was worthwhile. If you're looking for someone that runs a great business is very personable and honest to work on your vehicles then go see Todd at Tullock Automotive. I'm grateful that I found out about him by way of a personal word of mouth recommendation. Cross ""I need a great mechanic"" off your list go to Tullock Automotive!"  test drive it and then fixed in 15. and he refused to take money because it was an easy fix. Very rear these days to find people like this guy ." "Todd redirected our car with transmission problems to a disreputable place because he couldn't find out what was wrong with it. We spent thousands and months trying to get it to run only to find out in the end it was a sensor. Still went back to him. The last time that we went there he had our car for over week. We couldn't get a hold of him and when we did he said that they couldn't figure out what was wrong with the car. A few days later he said that they were still trying to figure it out. We called again and he said that they couldn't find our car keys. We were very upset and went to talk with them about it but no one was there. We looked under the rock where we had left them because we had left it there when they were closed  asking them to give me a price. The people in business are nice. On a convertible top estimated for a 1986 Chrysler Lebaron is higher from other places.To restore the front seat is right price. I gave them all my contacts information to reach me. I have emailed and called them several times  he removed my back seat and armrest.  I dropped off the car for the repair on the front seat as few days later.  I was very impressed with the results and the price." DYlWAMu5UwfuZeQRiXN0bQ Reservations are not accepted.  Make plans to keep busy either in the mall or in the waiting room (I prefer the former)."  they quoted me (a great price) and had the tires installed. Was surprised that they came in lower than other competitors associates very helpful and willing to help you find what you need. The service here is pretty good and prices average. They have worked on 3 cars of mine and have usually done a decent job. Quite frankly I do prefer Pep Boys but you're stuck there with nothing to do. So I keep coming to this Sears for those things that take time so I can walk the mall."  etc.) would be topped off; I checked in the parking lot afterwards and it was not done.  I was so fed-up with waiting so long that I didn't feel the need to wait even more."  professionalism and quality. Thanks for taking care of all of our car care needs!"  the salesperson had no clue about what a bathroom auger was - I had to find it myself.  In the second "My experience the other day was WAY better than my first interaction with them a few months ago. I came in at 1 pm and the gentleman I dealt with stated that most likely they wouldn't be able to service the vehicle on Tuesday but that I would have to pick it up the following day. I explained that I had purchased my tires at Sears in 2011 and had the warranty. I stated that only 1 tire needed to be replaced due to a gash in the side wall and he said he would try his best. I received a call around 4 saying that they were replacing the tire and I could pick it up the same evening. The warranty discount was applied  but I plan to avoid Sears Auto from now on.  Bad business practices are very disappointing." "I called in for some basic information.  The tech that answered the phone asked ""how can I earn your business""  before I could explain the reason for my call he put me on hold 3 times for over 16 minutes.  I hung up and called back in and another tech answered and advised he would not give any information over the phone I have been coming here for service for 2 years now and spud highly recommend them for any service.  PETER BRISETTE jumped in a helped me. I was so relieved as memorial day is one of the 6 days I have off work yearly. Great experience at the end of the day. Thanks to Peter and the tech Overall I'm a big fan!" This occured on 9 27 2011."  and updated me frequently on the status of the repair. I called ahead and they were able to repair my vehicle right away! It seems like an honest service facility. Will definitely go there again."  even if it comes in under the quote.  At woodies they charged me the full price of the quote This type of treatment is inexcusable and I have no qualms with denouncing the entire company until they deal with their dishonest employees. He tried to ""screw"" me over. Bad move buddy." "I went in Treadquarters Pineville 3 weeks ago to get a patch on my tire. Today I was washing my car I noticed a big scratch on my wheel that went the entire way around. In the past I worked at a custom wheel and tire shop and know that the only thing that will cause this type of damage is if the technician does not pull the wheel weight off the wheel when he dismounts or installs the tire after a repair. Now everybody makes mistakes but back at the tire shop I worked at if the technician made a mistake and caused any kind of damage he would inform the customer. This was not the case at Tread Quarters Pineville. When I went back to Treadquarters to show them the damage  I was looking at nearly 3k of repairs and it appeared a new car was going to be necessary.  I decided to get a second opinion and Treadquarters was able to diagnose that some of the repairs Hendrick recommended were not actually needed at all.  With tires and all repairs I was out of the door under 2k.  Kevin and the mechanic who worked on my care were very friendly and informative.  They promptly explained exactly what they did for my car and what I need to pay close attention to in the near future.  I would highly recommend them to anyone as I have recently moved down to Charlotte from Ohio and have already saved them in my phone as Auto Mechanic.  On top of everything they did  and unfortunatley they recognize me and my mother now for all the work we have had to do on our cars but they are pretty nice and respectful.  I can't say they try to break me any deals like the ones you may get from a non-chain location 500 but was way out of my budget. I took it to another place to get second opinion. I took the itemized list of things that needed to be fixed on my car and come to realize I really didn't need half of the stuff fixed they said I did. In fact one of the items they said I needed  I get in and out and have a little fun in the process.  Perfect place for oil changes  definitely use the coupons - and the evaluation was honest and fair - and no pressure is applied - I would go back again"  He however told me what I needed and took me in the shop and showed me every aspect of my car and his suggestions.  I was the first feel good experience I have had at a repair shop.  Rod has since gone and Tim has taken his place and he gives me the same customer service I have grown to love.  Keep it up guys!" Edit : They claim the link at the bottom will unsubscribe.  I clicked that thing many a time man... been getting emails for years from you Will never go back. Was there 2 hours before closing for an oil change and was turned away because they did not have enough time.  I gladly took my business elsewhere. "Brought my girlfriends car in this morning to get a NC state inspection. I was greeted by Brian who was extremely friendly and helpful. He got me in and out of there in a half hour and gave me some good advice on my car and what needs to be serviced soon. I would recommend precision auto tune in pineville I stopped going to this location after the previous manager Tim was replaced with a female manager who in my opinion was not very friendly or willing to work with customers. I vowed not to return but I was in the area and really needed an oil change so I went by. To my surprise there was a new manager there named Brian who really took care of me and renewed my faith with precision tune. I felt like he was very knowledgable and seemed genuinely concerned with my vehicle and the services required. He was not pushy and prioritized the things needed for my car. I am glad Brian is there and will become a regular customer again. So far so good with my car!"  absolutely the worst.  Horrible communication skills and customer service. I wouldn't imagine In million years how inconsiderate people in the auto business could be."  but I had already spoke with someone at another store and they had advised me that they do! Not good customer service skills at all! This was my first and last time ever patronizing their business I appreciate the call I received from the manager who took the time to read my review and offered to provide the services I originally paid for.  I will update this review once I revisit the business. Left this store and went to Jiffy Lube down the street.  Pulled in at 2:15 and out at 2:40.   Wow...." Do yourself a favor and find a REAL MECHANIC not a FoodCHain." Can't do a simple job- don t trust them !" The service was great! The guys were very nice and I was in and out in about 30 minutes. This Midas location is grossly overpriced! I am new to the area and thought I could trust the Midas name so i went to this location because it was so close to where I was staying. I needed wheel cylinders on the rear wheels of my 2001 Hyundai Accent. I was unhappy about the price but was uncertain of my options and didn't want to mess around with faulty brakes because I have a two year old. I did some research later and found out the Midas four miles down the road charges $100 less for the exact same service. The Midas in Pineville here is a total rip-off! "I had a great experience here. I rolled in in my cross over suv sounding like a dragster. I wasn't sure if I had a hole somewhere throughout the exhaust or if I needed to replace the entire assembly from the car back. The technician checked things out and quoted me for both options and here comes the great part. He was honest with me and recommended that I go for the option that was roughly $800 less expensive and that not only would it do the job well it would actually outlast the more expensive option. Needless to say they've just acquired a loyal customer in me. When you find a mechanic with integrity that you can trust  and a fair price. Plus a chance to grab breakfast or lunch at the Dive-N around the corner. What's not to love?!"  but I picked up a magazine and got lost in it for a bit. Once my car was spit out from the fettuccini looking sudsers and dryers Energetic young folk zooming around to make our cars nice and clean.  and the console was filled with water.   Armor-all protectant all over the place and not wiped down properly.  Air freshener that smells like urinal cake.  Pleasant staff  this is your spot. New special for $4 wash! No better place!" STAY AWAY - horrible customer service"  I got out to dry my windows and was told I wasn't ""allowed"" to do that on their property even though I just paid for a wash. Highly recommend you find another car wash."  dash and console weren't wiped down and only one may slightly damp which put mud all over my floor board. As I was there they had to take 3 cars back for a re-do. Manager seemed to not care and said thanks for telling me. Poor customer service!" "I wish I had read their reviews prior to going. Just to start I am really easy to please do it really doesn't take much. I paid for the $25.99 wash because my car had not been clean in about a month so it needed some tlc. I was pretty impressed my car was finished in 15 minutes until I got inside. The only interior cleaning was vacuum. They sprayed the Windows but obviously allowed them to air dry. The doors nLTTeGZrT2S2xaUISCgrSw  I would recommend checking your bulbs first and if they say they need to be replaced  the employees are not friendly but the inspection only took 15 minutes and I passed. They tried to sell my some fluids and light bulbs nLTTeGZrT2S2xaUISCgrSw Just left there and my car was inspected quickly and no hidden costs.  The staff was efficient and quick and that's all I can ask. My vehicle was failed state inspection because of a claim I was missing specific emission equipment. So I went to the dealership to pickup the missing parts and the dealership informed me that my vehicle has never had the emissions parts in question.  I am sure it would be a lot cheaper if I went some place else but when they get you in a hurry............." Just Inspections has been the only place I've gotten my car is inspected over the last five years. Each time I am in and out of there within 20 minutes. Located on South Boulevard just across from the Huntley Marine shop they have a pretty convenient location to 485. If you ever have a lightbulb out or need your wipers replaced in order to pass the inspection they will do it for you for a reasonable charge. The waiting area is rather small but like I said you won't be in there for very long.  i would say it was only about a 10 min wait. Everyone there was very polite and courteous. I would recommend this place." Thanks again Mr. Inspection!!!" Very quick service. Went in on a Friday afternoon and was out within 15 minutes. Parking lot could use some work as well as the waiting lobby area. Lots of potholes and could look a little run down at first. nLTTeGZrT2S2xaUISCgrSw And your $40 was only because you had extra tint added to your windows. Inspections are only $30.00 or $13.60 for cars like my diesel." I always go here for oil changes they are quick and cheap not to mention its the closest jiffy lube to my house. they also send great coupons via mail email! and its not usually crowded. i love it. "I used to be in the industry and I know what my car does and does not need.  They couldn't seem to get that  if I go to another place it'll be the same thing."  etc.  You then walk up to the desk where they talk to you about what they've seen in your car and recommend certain products or services.  Feels a little forced and scripted They are not very through. Went in for an inspection and failed due a broken passenger mirror and weak wipers. I repaired the mirror at another location and they noticed my belts were split and cracking very badly. If it was not for the mirrors "I've been coming here since moving to Charlotte last year. The workers here are professional and courteous  Thomas walked me through all of my options for an oil change and all of the assorted extras they could offer. My entire experience lasted a mere 20 minutes and I left with an oil change and new windshield wipers (he was offering them for a steal!). They also washed my windows and vacuumed which I didn't think was standard for a Jiffy Lube type of place Awesome free coffee and bottled water! Much better than what you find at most other places. Fast service and some of the nicest people. Very knowledgable and informative. Absolutely going back Jiffy Lube is now my go to place for quick service. I lost out because the requested work wasn't done. Jiffy Lube lost because they missed out on the additional revenue.  And the franchise really lost I'd Highly recommend Kirby & Kale in the Elizabeth Area. They did the same service for $40." The Uptown location is good for commuters because you can drop your car off at 9 and pick it up at 5. The staff is friendly and helpful."  but the service and the price were both totally unreasonable." 7_4OqT_IQbpXlao-4BEyMQ  especially with it's convenient location. It certainly deserves more than 1 star." There's something suspicious about this place. I'm just sayin'..."  nothing major and for those services I have no complaints.  They always do a good job and give me the service that I request by the time I request it.....can't ask for much more than that." DO NOT take your car here unless you want something messed up!!! Took my car in for an oil change and was told my brake fluids would need changing for an extra 75 bucks.  Saw the oil light on my car go off in a few weeks but took off getting it looked at for another few weeks.  Found a nice surpise later that the cap wasnt screwed on right from the last oil change and car had engine damage.  These guys are the WORST shop in Charlotte. They scratched my car. A big one and my bad that I didn't notice it while picking up the car. What more I have to say? Typical auto repair shop trying to steal money especially from young women.  DO NOT go to this shop." mnOTw4P5NaLbzFp2bTsm9g  but unfortunately it was late in the day so I would have to wait until the next day. They provided a shuttle to my house and picked me up the next morning. Luckily it was just the battery. Good service and they were sympathetic."  I will continue to do business with and recommend Griffin Brothers for anyone needing automotive service in the University Area." Love them! And will recommend to anybody." Michelins. Their service writers are competent and courteous. Free rotations.  and probably something else I can't remember. I just keep going back." "I've been taking my vehicles here since 2008. No complaints. Love the shuttle service. Free coffee My husband and I have been taking our cars here for 5+ years. The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable! "These guys are great. I hate dealing with cars because as a young woman I often feel like people will try to take advantage of my little knowledge about cars. Everyone in here was so nice and Danny was the best. He told me straight up that the repairs my car needed were going to be expensive and referred me to a friend of his who would be able to do the work cheaper. I've never had anyone give up a potential sale  shows that the owner or manager cares about the customers. No other auto repair place does this and that's why I recommend this place to my friends. But also warn them about Griffin's super long oil change sometimes." "I've always gotten quality work and accurate information from them. As one reviewer noted  Griffin Brothers Tire Wheels & Auto Repair.....THANK YOU.....THANK YOU.....THANK YOU.....GOD BLESS YOU."  then he asked for my keys said have. I been here before then said you can sit down now. If I wasn't form another city I wouldn't have come but I'm in a tight situation so I had to bite the bullet. Never again tho"  it turned out my shocks were fine.  So these guys almost made me spend $250 for unnecessary repairs. Disgraceful." btw - The same set of tires at another shop was $700 out the door.   The other shop also patched my tire for $20 and laughed at this story." The new service manager Kenny was extremely polite and helpful in explaining options for my wife's vehicle. I've been coming to this location for over a decade and have always been pleased with the services received. "Worst place ever. Don't go there. Customer service was awful and they didn't even do what I asked them to "Sorry to be so late writing.. I went there on 7 10 2014 for an oil change.I had my rear brakes repaired at my dealership & went to TK for the oil change since I had bought tires there I get free rotation. They told me I needed front brakes. They had my car on the lift and told me to 'feel' the steel part of the wheel (as though I would know anything?). I mentioned my car riding rough (could feel the bumps in the road). They proceeded to tell me I needed struts as well. They showed me torn bellows (I googled the name) and acted as though that was serious. I only paid for the oil change then promptly called my dealership & they told me to come there. My dealership said the front brakes were good for at least several thousand miles and said when they repaired the rear ones I wouldn't trust these guys to paint a tricycle. Whatever you were thinking of getting done... DON'T DO IT THERE." "I just picked up my vehicle from Maaco on N. Tryon today and am very disappointed in the quality of its paint job. There is paint on the grill and damage from where the tape was removed. Pin striping was to be done. The body shop worker assured me that they would be able to do this. Today (the day my car is ready for pick-up) is when I was notified that this would not be an option. This is the second vehicle I have taken to this Maaco. Both cars left the shop looking worse than they did when they entered. Customer service leaves much to be desired. I would stay far  the pricing was extremely fair and they finished 2 days earlier than we expected. Will definitely go back if we ever need their service and I would highly recommend them to anyone!" Truly the worst customer experience ever. Wow. Beyond unprofessional. Purely shady." The process of finding the best payment options has been smooth  quick vacuum and wipe down inside. The outside is your standard drive-through wash. It's a step above a gas station car wash." I love Autobell!  Really fast service with really cute car wash dudes.  Today they ran my car through twice (not cause it was so dirty surprisingly) but because they noticed all the bells and whistles wax stuff I had purchased hadnt gone right in the machine thing.  I would never have noticed!  But they did!!!  Super guys thanks!!!  Always bring cash for a tip :-D "I love Autobell but it feels like this location is a little slower (probably just because of the volume of traffic) and not quite as attentive to detail. To get any tire gloss or anything beyond a hose-down Worst auto bell in town. Do not go here. It wasn't even decent enough for one star. One drawback is that it is a bit more expensive than most places but I think it's worth it."  Auto Bell. We'll be coming to this location from here on out." These guys are fast but that's about it. Spent over $40 including having my mats shampooed. Had to point out multiple spots that were missed during the automated wash to the towel guy. You can tell they are all about quantity over quality. Next time I'll do it myself.  and you will be shocked when he quotes you a reasonable price"  knows what he's talking about. Best me mechanic in Charlotte" "Steve is great. Quick service and great communication. Convenient location  mechanics either have little experience or cheating especially to women.  So I want to share with those who need a good and not reap off mechanic in case you need help.  Great job and trustworthy!!!" "Seriously I cannot recommend them enough. I ended up at my regular mechanic who sent me here. David knew I was on the way and called to make sure my car and I were going to make it there safely. When it did finally die (a block from his shop) he came and got me from the side of the road. I ended up having to have a complete rebuilt transmission and it did set me back some "I will never recommend anybody to Larry's transmission I sent my truck over to get a rear end put in it last Thursday they had my truck using it to pick up parts and for there personal truck they drove all my gas out. Dave let his mechanic take my truck home so he could pick up parts in my truck. So when I went there to get my truck "" I surprised him with out calling his mechanic was picking up parts then so I called the police and told him to get my truck back over there he didn't know where it was. Make this story short they left my truck on central Ave  at a gas station unlocked with the key under the floor mat and told me to pick it up from there.  They where good back in the day but LARRY's TRANSMISSION not shitnow do not take your car over there. Trust me. 2016 March 1st this is the date I went. P.S the police made him fill my truck back with gas."  it was excellent and done in a timely fashion...a.k.a. same day!! Prices were fair and appropriate! Axels was recommended by a friend My husband took his Mercedes to Axles Unlimited due to a water leak. The vehicle was picked up after the repairs were completed. Once he got the car home it still was leaking. He took the car back a second time and was told by one of the employees that he had advised the mechanic that was they fixed was not what was causing the leak. My husband left the car again to have the repair corrected. He picked the car up yet again and got it home and it was still leaking. He again took the car back and was advised that it was something different that was causing the leak. Needless to say he took the car to get a second opinion and it turned out to be the water pump the entire time. He has paid someone else to fix an issue that he thought was fixed and paid for. I do not recommend taking your vehicle to this shop for repairs due to the employees know when the customers are being shafted. I wish I could give Zero stars!!!!!!!!!!!! Always kind and courteous and they offer warranties on parts as well as the labor. Extremely knowledgable about all kinds of vehicles and they don't cut corners. I've been going here for years and would highly recommend this place! I trust them with my car and you should too.  so I decided to stop by. I was immediately greeted by an extremely friendly woman who started on our paperwork. I told her that a few of our plans had changed since I made the reservation. She was happy to work with us and help us out. Without this XaTlnT5aKXmLAx75wHppCA If I could give 0 stars I would." This crew is friendly and professional.  I TRUST THESE GUYS.  As I say  patched my tire and i still got to work early. Would definitely  recommend and i will be back for anything automotive related" I got a great price and good service  I have watched one employee by the window changing 4 tires for the past hour and he is nowhere net being finished. He threw the plastic caps face down on the shop floor "I had a really good experience at Tire Kingdom I wish I could remember the name of the man who helped me I hate when I forget important facts like that.  I came to Tire Kingdom after calling several other stores in town to find the tire I was looking for.  Though they didn't have the exact tire I was looking for they told me to bring the car in and they were sure they could help me.  An hour later I had a new tire  check out Kia.  If you're in the market for a Kia Crystal and her team did a great job with inspecting my car fully and making sure all parts were accounted for. I'm very thankful that this was the place my car was taken to We took my wife's Sorento into for service on her A C for the first time in March. They told us it was her compressor and they replaced it. Luckily we had a extended warranty and they covered most of it. That didn't work so we took it back. They said it was a bad control unit and wanted $600+ to replace it. I found it online for just over $400 and I replaced it myself. That didn't fix it so we took it back again. They said it was a bad control module and that they were going to replace it. They charged us for the replacement but didn't replace it and then determined it was a bad replacement control unit. They ordered a warranty replacement and I picked it up (much to their disappointment) and put it in myself. That didn't work either and after spending over $1000 and wasting two plus months with them we took it to Dale Jarrett Kia in Monroe. They determined it was a different module that determines the temperature was bad from the beginning and had most likely been the culprit the whole time. They were able to get Kia to warranty TWO new control units that were damaged because the module had burned the other two out. They had it two weeks straight but were able to finally diagnose the cause and origin of the problem. Folger Kia has got to be the worse dealership in the Charlotte area. We spoke directly with Kia corporate and they apologized for how horrible Folger Kia was and how badly they treated us. My wife went in when we were finished dealing with Folger to get a receipt to give to Dale Jarrett and Mike Melton treated her horribly. I will NEVER use or recommend Folger Kia to anyone. They are dishonest and their customer service is terrible. If you have to use a Kia dealer go to Dale Jarrett. It isn't that far but your experience will be so much better.  white glove service.  I'll tell you straight up.  You're not getting it here.  But you will likely get a good deal and that extra money in my pocket is much more valuable to me." I'd highly recommend this place to purchase a car for a good value.  I give the service department 2 stars and the sales department 4 stars."  we walked out of there with her new lease deal. never ever ever again.  they treated the lease as if it were a new car sale and that the leased car we were turning in with less than half the miles allowed was a trade in. they even had some $850 payoff written in to their scribbled figures. i told them there was no pay off because we just paid the 36th payment.  oh  they'll need to require their owner groups to be much better  no games.  Everything was ready when I went in to sign the papers and pick up my new car!  The whole transaction couldn't have been easier.  Great service "My husband and I had a horrible experience here with one of the salesman when shopping for a car. We called and complained about the situation and the sales manager later called and followed up with us.  Though we had an unbelievable bad experience with the salesman  and most importantly honest. Aft explaining a frustrating experience at another Mazda dealership in town  we agreed on a price and began the credit check process but when it was time to sign for the car that amount we we originally discussed was completely different than the amound they were trying to have have us sign. I I would not return to buy a car from this dealership even if they lower their price. They are simply croaks and they are the reason why people have a negative perception of car salesman." Jim is the best for customer service. He makes you feel like you are his only customer even if it is busy. For quality this place can't be beat. They are the best out there. Quick and friendly. Will definitely be using them again!!  there was no offer to rectify the matter in any way. A mechanic doing the oil change brought me to the back to show me my front brakes like I didn't just tell him what he was telling me. Then told me I need an air filter. Smh. Simple quick fix. I tell him to add it. Can't mess that up right? Wrong. It took an extra 35 mins to add the add filter. Then I get my bill and see they've only done a BASIC oil change. No topping of fluids The only reason I am giving them two stars is because my first experience was somewhat pleasant." Always great service.  I never feel like they are trying to take advantage of me.  and they had me in their computer system from the last time I had a car worked on by them- TEN YEARS AGO. Now that's dedication in my book."  real people who aren't in the business of screwing you by performing work that isn't necessary. These guys rock." If you own a Honda Acura go here. Seriously. Just go. Hands down best in charlotte. Ever.  because I was always taken advantage of.  Compact Car Service has proven to me time and time again that they can be trusted.  We thought we needed new brakes 6 months ago and they told us we still had some time on them.  They could have easily sold us new brakes and we would have never known.  Recently both of our Acuras have been having problems and they have worked with us to figure out the problem BEFORE having us spend a lot of money to do something they think ""might"" be the problem.  They have spent a lot of time on our cars  they have saved me about $300 over what Metro Honda was going to charge me for the same services. They also gave me the option to use Honda parts or 3rd party on a previous issue  not so easy feeling wondering if they ever addressed the actual problem you came in for even though your wallet feels significantly lighter?" Having an issue with my Honda so these guys were recommended to me by a neighbor. They looked the vehicle over and even test drove it and did not experience it. Unlike others who would have done something for the sake of getting money these guys charged me for only my oil change. They have earned my business and I will make sure other Honda owners know about them. Overall really great experience."  and I typically am not able to drop off and return. I'm glad I have a place to do to and be able to work while I wait." Excellent service for my Honda. Extremely helpful and friendly staff. Never have to worry about being scammed everything is transparent and upfront. Highly recommend.  smoke grease-free waiting area.  Compact Car Service is three steps above most car shops in my experience.  This was a great experience; I'm thankful I went there and I recommend it highly!" "We've been bringing our Acuras here for 15-16 years--Compact has earned and maintained our trust since day one. The front desk administration are knowledgable and professional. Randy has always been honest  you know the drill at other places. Grease monkey comes out with your air filter to tell you how desperately it needs to be replaced.) I love Compact Cars so much F5DJEqbNveNq8x94XU_Vqw Really nice straightforward guy who won't upsale you stuff you don't really need. Been looking for a place around Charlotte to take my car and this is my go to place. Highly recommend!!! I was looking for a Toyota Sienna and found one listed here on Craigslist. They went way above and beyond what I expected in helping guide me in the process. Russ is so very knowledgeable and helpful!  and took care of my vehicle in a timely timely fashion.  One of the best parts for me was that it less than others had quoted me.  When you combine the best price with the customer service  I'm pleased and will likely head back to Coulwood Tire & Auto next time I need service." Thanks guys...you are my go to back ups when the hubby is out of his league or out of town." Why is your gas at the pump still $3.30 when everyone else around 3.18  but they aren't too slow either and they usually have something good on the TV in the waiting area."  I have been ripped off at SO many auto shops They got me in and out quickly with a set of new tires. A well-managed location. "I had my oil changed and tires rotated at this place and 1 day later I was on the side of I-85 with my caliper burnt and smoke coming from my wheel. Car couldn't be driven anymore so I had it towed back to Tire Kingdom (TK) assuming it may have something to do with the tire rotation. They looked it over and said it had nothing to do with the rotation (which may have been true but seemed a bit coincidental) but they proceeded to tell me I needed up to $1200 worth of work. They were going to charge me $540 for front brake pads ($200) Don't waste your time coming here. They must not need to make money because when my boyfriend brought a tire here to get repaired they barley looked at it and said it couldn't repaired when clearly it could. Took our business elsewhere.  disable women's  that my battery have no problems starting my car. I payed and got in my car and discovered that one of  those sneaky underhanded mechanic turned  my steering wheel all the way back. And  I never asked for a  Steering Wheel  Alignment  either. Took some minutes before my wheels would roll.  I advise everyone to stay away from this scam company. They will try to scam you out of your money  and  the big nasty older black  mechanic there will try to hit on you." I had to replace a tire with a slow leak.  I was in and out in 20 mins.  I've been here a couple times now and wouldn't hesitate in coming back again if the need arises.  Nice staff. They took to long... Bad customer service.  They charge alot to have such bad customer service. I'm going somewhere else from here on out. My boyfriend was going to pay what ever to get my car taken care of. He begged me to let them go ahead an take care of my care. I'm 9 months pregnant an they mad me so stress I took my chances else where. Never go back there again. I didn't like there attitude an customer service. They are there for the money not to reply cater to the customer.  Do they not know the better they treat people they more they trust you an will spend more money. "Getting tires can be a pretty boring process; I think all places should have characters like these to keep their guests entertained.  I just stood outside the bay and listened to these folks shoot one-liners at one another while they worked.  You really have to have a taste for crude humor to appreciate these folks and I do  and was greeted by Julius. He was nice and courteous and helped me with my decisions. I waiting comfortably and had a good coffee from a clean coffee maker in a tire store (now that sounds too good to be true but yes it was clean). I had my keys back in my hand in an hour. I was overwhelmed. This was over the best tire store I have ever been too and I will be coming back. I recommend everyone else to check other out but look at the details. Discount Tire is a better deal because they are upfront about their pricing. Other tire stores are not." If they could be so nice to a non-paying customer - think how they'll treat a paying one!! I will make my future tire purchases from them again also!!"  but a special rebate actually made it less expensive to buy from Discount Tire. One of the things I liked the most about the purchasing process was using the website The guys here were great! Very professional and courteous. I have been here several times for both of my vehicles and they never disappoint.  super friendly and they repaired my tire and checked my other ones for free!" Those guys saved me a lot of money and were very helpful. They won my business for sure!" "I had a great experience. I scheduled an appointment online and I got a call the next day. I told him my budget and what I was trying to do. He made no attempt to push my budget. In fact Spectacular service. Always pay a bit more at discount tire but its worth the peace of mind. Zac was very helpful. Solid group of guys. I had new Falken G4s put on some new wheels and perfect fitment and they didn't scratch a thing My husband and I always have great service everytime we go. There is never an employee in a bad mood. Today we went at 5:10pm they where closed and we needed a hubcap put back on the car the bolts where to tight and we couldn't get them off to put it back on. Kareem helped us even though they were closed he wasn't in a bad mood because we where there 10 minutes after they closed. extremely helpful he didn't even charge us to put them on. We hope to see him next time we come to Discount Tire. Now that I've been here I can't imagine getting tires anywhere else!" Quick weekday service! The staff here are very personable and knowledgeable. I have had a bent rim with two tire changes in between and the previous shops only offered me to buy a new rim but here at Discount Tires they bent it back in place. I will do all my future tire business with this shop!!! "The customer service experience was OUTSTANDING.  Very fair pricing matched with a quality product.  Less than 45 minutes and 4 new tires later  knowledgeable staff. Even gave me money back because my back tires were in ok condition. I recommend this location." "Couldn't have asked for a better experience. Justin and Gilley helped me out and they were both super friendly and professional. They repair flat tires for free  lack of customer service exemplifies this organization...TAKE MY ADVICE I have only one other car-buying experience (at a horrible Mercedes dealership in Fairfield  do not trust this dealer--this is one of the worst volvo dealerships i've seen and i have seen many."  for low achiever dealers. I think they can take a lesson or two from any local luxury car dealerships. It's ashame I can't score University Volvo a ""0""  our front tire goes flat the next day. After re-inflating it continues to lose air and we have to bring it to a garage due to being stranded. They showed us a defect in the tire where the side wall was bulging out the size of a golf ball. The garage mentioned that if we were on the highway we could have been killed as it would have been a total blowout. We then bring it to the Charlotte Volvo for repair and they send us a picture of another damage where someone had previously patched the tire. We then have the same sales manager for the next  2 months do the biggest finger pointing game we have ever seen. Calling and emailing that they are not responsible. Wow Overall - I would recommend buying a car here.  It was definitely a positive experience and working with AJ changed my historical view of the car salesperson and made the experience a 5-Star one." "Buyer Beware. What you see on Autotrader may not what you get at University Volvo and they will blame it on Autotrader. Also "I was softly looking for a new car in celebration from a work promotion. I stopped into University Volvo dealership inquiring about an X60 and I was not satisfied with the service rendered.  I left work early thinking I would probably be test driving a vehicle and if I loved it more than my current Lexus I was prepared to make an offer. I already had financing approved as well as a trade in. I do not know if my expectation was different Min 10-20 min wait to get parts while 4-5 employees chat about their weekends and we stand starring at a counter...  Avoid this dealership and head to Lake Norman for any parts or services!!!!  Josh.  He did not push me to go forward with fixing it because he was not 100% sure it would work.  He also thanked me at the end for my patience because he realized how long I had been sitting there.  Small thing - but that's what us Yelpers look for when we give 5 stars!" Anything more than an oil change 400 mile road trip. After receiving several confirmation reminders via email and text I showed up to my appointment to find that they ARE CLOSED for the day. I even got a thank you for your business email a few hours later that day. I will never go there. I got a late start on my trip. I it is ridiculous that I was allowed to set up an appointment for a day they are closed on; on their own website. I cannot trust them. I do not recommend."  the lobby is dirty and the workers are rude . One guy said it was going to be 9.95 more because my car is a newer car (08 beetle ) and that they had to use a different oil filter . I told him that i had never heard that before in the many years i had my car and he just walked away and said well i can get the manager to explain to you and didnt even give me a chance to say anything else. Not the first time i take my car to a Meineke but it was the first time i bring it to this one and the last !" "These guys did some customized work on a car I recently bought from a dealership.  When I noticed a very minor issue with the appearance of the navigational system in my car "These guys are awesome. The sun shade that covers my sun roof (which they did not install) had come off the track. Dave fixed it very quickly and noticed that the glass was deglazing and looked it up and it had been recalled. Immediately replaced it with a temporary glass and ordered a new one for me. The new glass came in 2 days later  and the quotes that I heard while standing around on my two trips all seemed beyond reasonable.  All I can vouch for is the sunroof service  so it was all on me. I needed to have a glass piece of my sunroof replaced.  They did a great job at a great price  professional and great prices.. Definitely recommend these guys.."  although the wash is available 24x7.  I plan to go only during normal business hours so that I can continue to receive the deluxe treatment." The service is excellent here and it's touchless so it doesn't scratch my car. Great to have hand-scrubbing before the wash by the guys that work there so that it really comes out clean.  Like that it's not some big chain--always great to support small businesses.  you get a free vacuum coin too! User it now or save for later."  new full service bay will be awesome too. Local owners and friendly staff. Definitely recommend."  so one peeled almost completely off in the car wash resulting in a deep dent to the bumper. They popped the quarter panel back into place and refused to accept responsibility for the dent. And you will have to go home and re-clean your interior."  I spend more money thinking I will get better service but it is never the case with autobell. This location was no different. Stick with the normal cleaning packages and it is well worth the money. Buy their upgrades and it is a waste." "I LOVE getting my car washed! It makes me feel happy and renewed! This location off Monroe road is extremely fast and they did a wonderful job shampooing my carpet and floor mats! The cost for this service is fair in comparison to other places who provide the same service. It takes them about 30 minutes "Meh... I'm not that impressed. I got the ""Manager's Special"" which was supposed to be their best package. They did a really poor job vacuuming and there were still dirty spots on my car. I pointed this out to the employee and he didn't do much to fix it. He said the vacuums couldn't get all the dirt off my mats... Really? My Dyson could. He just took a towel and swept the dirt off the seats onto the carpet... Umm thanks? For $30 I have logged over 100 visits in 2.5 years with no bad results.  You can get an exterior only drive-away wash for $5 from a car wash ten times better than any gas station.  Try them." A few tips... I would recommend trying to visit them at off times. They can spend more time with your car when there aren't 10 cars in line waiting. I'm not sure I'm totally sold on the ""Manger's special."" I think I'm going to stick with the regular wash from now on. I do recommend adding the armor all for dash and tires. It adds a nice touch to making the car feel extra clean and shiny. If you have any problems with your experience Great shop.  Been coming here for years and they always get it right. Turnaround ten to fifteen minutes for most trips depending on how busy it is.  Get the super poly and drive off happy.  payed for armor all and it seemed like they just smeared it on wherever they felt like.  Didn't vacuum between the seats.  I even gave a good tip up front to try and guarantee a good clean "This is the worst Autobell I have ever visited. You pay $30 to get your car clean and I had to back up and make them redo the inside. Terrible job!!! Mats not cleaned "Surprised by the negative reviews here.  Most are old.  We've been here since October 2015 and never had less than stellar service at this location. Clean  and vacuumed my carpets in time for me to get to work. That is spectacular service. I walked over to the Bank of America to deposit a check at the ATM Oh.  And they are open on SUNDAYS!  Business win.  Go to the early service and when you get here around 11 "The oil-change side is fantastic. The manager believes in superior service. But AVOID the inspection side.  Apparently they are two seperate divisions. Most of the time the inspection guy is nowhere to be found. Poor customer service also. Slow & doesn't want to be there. So Inspection slow and unprofessional. Left my car dirty and smelling of cigarettes. Should have known better based on yellow-toothed manager. I would have been happy for them to explain that they don't normally pull skid plates and offer me the oil change at a lower price (without filter change)  offered the best but I took the basic. Terry was great."  and not sold in late models.  Gold Hill Automotive has the appropriate license to service the older units legally  they helped me out on the spot and put my spare on so I could get to a place that had my special type of tire.  They even called around and tried to find the tire for me as they did not have it in stock.  Their service was honest and speedy.  THANK YOU for all your help!" Thanks Guys great work"  this is the place to act out on it.  You'll be thrilled with the bright colors and whirling machines.  All the amazing choices in food and beverage Friendly employees and super clean! We love QT.  much better than any of the ghetto locations nearby. 1stop shop. Thank you for coming to this side of town!"  even in the middle of the night.  I have never been bothered by panhandlers or solictors like at the other gas stations in the area."  coffee and drink selection exceeded my expectations. The place is also clean well stocked and employees are friendly."  but that's a small price to pay for air.... which is kind of ridiculous to ever pay for when you think about it. The outlet for this gas station is at a light The best customer service!!! Superfamily check out. Great selection. Gas prices are average for the area. I have taken all three of our vehicles there and they always do a great job. They are very professional and their labor rate is reasonable. Fair and reasonable rates with exceptional service.  and got us back on the road. Very reasonable cost! Thank you!" Best pizza in town but you have to pick it up.  Hut is so boring and Pizza Pit closed.  Kind of wierd that the best pizza in toen is from a gas station but it is good! "I NEVER thought I'd say that a pizza from a GAS STATION is the best in town...but there you have it.  It really is--hands down.  The crust is PERFECT: yeasty This is absolutely the best pizza in DeForest. Everyone there is always super friendly too! "Been coming here for years and I trust Harlan with my vehicles. As a woman most shops try to take advantage of your auto knowledge. These guys have always been honest and have never tried pulling a fast one on me  things happen) and fixed it at no charge. I really appreciate the mechanics there not treating me like some dumb chic that's over-reacting to phantom noises. They've done excellent work and I've not had any issues with the repairs there. No problems with handing over the old parts either. Not long after I had a massive amount of work done We've also gotten our breaks done here and bought tires. They've also replaced the radiator in one of our cars for a really reasonable price. I thought we were gonna have to junk the car when the radiator went but Kens saved us a huge headache for sure! They do get busy so call ahead of time to get an appointment a few days out." THEREFORE 5 STARS*****!!" "I was referred to A-one by a friend of mine who only takes his cars there...told me he does excellent work at a good price. And he was sooo right... owner Bill was awesome & i immediately felt i came to the right place....esp being  a woman i have found it rare to take my vehicles to a place i where i felt respected and that i could trust. Bill was upfront with me and i felt like i could totally trust his advice  but I will tell you that I have NEVER written a review on anything or anyone on the Internet. This place and Billy are the BEST. His work is superb and very reasonable. He will not do work if he thinks you are wasting his time or your money. He is a perfectionist and you will not be able to tell where he started and where he finished. We are very lucky to have this guy in Madison. I have a 1998 BMW that lived in California until 2005. In the past 10 years the drivers front door and a part of the rear door on the same side had started to rust. Not a huge amount  the additional price was worth it:  the paint job was terrific. Bill and A-One are first rate; no one could do a better job.  An adventure awaits you: totally worth the ride. Tip handsomely!" "On 12 26 11 our 2008 Acura TL broke down in the Wisconsin Dells. We had just purchased it earlier that year. It was a certified used vehicle so it was still under warranty. We called Acura Roadside Assistance and they sent out a tow truck that jumped us so that we could drive to the nearest dealer to have the car looked at and fixed. The closest Acura dealer was Zimbrick of Middleton and we dealt with Shane (the manager) in the service department. They replaced the battery in our car and then informed us that our car now had a check engine light on. We asked if they could pull the codes and tell us what was wrong or even clear them and see if they came back. He told us that we would have to take the car in its current condition with the light on because he said My radio and navigation system went out on my Acura.   I took it in to Zimbrick who immediately determined that a small fuse had blown.  I was glad it was only a fuse until I pick up the car and was charged $100 for replacing a two dollar fuse.  I complained but got nowhere.  They have since lost several thousand dollars of my service business to other repair shops. I am very offended and was never mistreated in such way in my entire life." P.S. When I was having major service done they let me choose what I wanted to drive while I waited for the day.  NOBODY does that. So I had some fun with a brand new TL one day on a secret ""test"" road Zimbrick European showed me when I was buying my car just off Rimrock Road."  sporty little numbers they provide as loaners makes the whole experience feel adventurous and decadent.  Even though I'm dropping lots of moulah on a brake job.  And I have to give the car back."  and really appreciated the sincere attempt to help me find the right car for my needs. They made the fact finding easy and the process enjoyable." 9brW55Vzyi3ItboHWfoepg "Service is second to none. Friendly sales and service staff. Waiting area is nice. Fair prices for the level of professionalism and customer service. I really don't agree with the ""dirty"" review from below. These people seem to be as genuine as it gets  as you have to pull in behind the building and turn the corner of the building at a blind spot. Its about as narrow as one lane The manual car wash is very expensive. I am going to do my car at home from now on. The price of the manual to do a good job approaches a full service wash with interior clean up. Much to my canine companions chagrin  and good value ($10 for full automatic wash and wax). Convenient location and newly remodeled too."  but they also offer wash dry and fold laundry. I cannot say enough good things about this locally owned family business. (And then there's a car wash and a dog wash - A DOG WASH! - and a Culver's within walking distance if you want to sneak a treat when the other half isn't looking. Or you can grab a slice at Falbo's across the street. Or a tallboy It was well worth the money not to have to attempt it at home."  you'll have a great experience!!"  dry and fold your clothes for you (of course for a fee). If you're washer or dryer at home is on the fritz or you have a smaller household then this place is just for you. You can even wash your dog and your car while your clothes are being cleaned because they have that here too."  seemed competent and the price was what I expected." wipers etc on my own at a much more reasonable cost.This place was different.I was told by the friendly and professional manager [Patrick White] only of things to keep an eye on.As Heathers review indicates  I saved an additional 10 dollars. They vacuumed my interior and washed my windows better than the homeless guys on the corners. Yes. I shall be back and it will be before 10 am. Just please  and professional with little ""up sell"" pressure..Melissa has been especially accomodating and helpful.."  the so called diagnostic test that they ran was probably a load of BS and all they wanted to do was scam me into having ""their guy"" fix my unbroken car Seems that recent turnover has caused a decrease in previously praised customer service. Have had basic oils changes for years at this location. In past oil top offs were included and complimentary. Was advised on recent visit that was not included with basic oil change.When advised no problem in past years was told I could buy a quart for $6.50.. Hmmm. In summary was there for 20 minutes to check oil and received upsells only.. Idiot general manager.. Complete hack that wants everyone to know he's buddies with the District Manager...plays good cop bad cop to threaten employees...over worked.  Under paid and under appreciated... Run from this place if you haven't yet..  both of which happened right in front of me. I was surprised that the disciplinary interactions were not conducted in a private location and that this gentleman didn't seem to care that customers overheard him expressing his displeasure. Fortunately for me "We've been very pleased with Stuart Wakeman in the service department. He's always been straightforward with us about repairs and has let us know whenever a part or service was covered by warranty "Typical dealership.  They know the car well (I should hope so) but every repair is extremely expensive.  You can usually do better to go to a local mechanic.  We needed a new antenna for our Jetta... $50.  Yeah 000 miles on each of them.  Service has been quite good - a number of repairs and ongoing maintenance.  I've been pleased with the service and attention I get.  The waiting area is very nice and comfortable for anything say 2 to 4 hour wait.  After the quality of service I've gotten Brought in my 2012 Passat TDI for its 20k service and received excellent customer service as usual. I even had a last minute change in my schedule that was handled smoothly.  plan ahead and ask for a loaner car.  They're usually really good about that"  you guys think of everything."" Doug brought a degree of pleasure back to the car-buying experience. I'd be happy to work with him again." "I brought my 2004 VW Golf in to have the AC repaired. The car was not purchased at Zimbrick and I had hoped the repair would be covered by the extended warranty. The problem my car was having turned out to be somewhat of a mystery  I will definitely consider Zimbrick VW." I have now had the car a week and I could not be happier with the car and and my positive Zimbrick experience." "Gary is awesome at each turn.  We had to have the car rekeyed due to theft of the keys and he worked really hard to get our replacement tumblers (from Germany) so that we can feel safe again.  Thanks so much for the super job Every experience with Zimbrick is painful.  Why did we buy from them? I ask myself that question all the time.... I still love my car. But I won't buy from Zimbrick next time. That's for sure."  friendly and professional. He takes the time to explain everything and doesn't try to sell me things i don't need. The mechanics do a great job. I've always been very happy with their work. And I love the fact they wash my car too!" We'll see how the service department responds when we finally need them (hopefully a long time from now) Update: I was contacted. They were good enough to reimburse my expenses at the other mechanic  I have had my 09 Jeep Wrangler and my 99 Tahoe into j and l they have always done a awesome job on either one of them hats off to chuck and the boys keep up the great work!!!!!"  let me know the issues that they found and did an amazing job at pointing out which ones were major and which ones were so minor that they wouldn't even recommend getting them fixed at this point. Very fair price and they don't try to up sell or push anything on the customer.." In the mean time they asked me if I could bring the truck in right away. I was able to. They were able to get the bars installed in less than a half an hour and expedited the process by having 2 people work on it.  All in all Very disappointed in this operation. I had emergency lights installed on my jeep and after I left I started looking at them and they are crooked. The brackets they used to install the lights were black metal. They spray painted them with a light coat but they it will take no time for them to rust. Plus they were cut crooked also. Biggest disappointment was they smoked in my vehicle while installing. Now ever time I get in I smell cigarettes. Will never do business with them again.  but it came highly recommended. The automechanics are known for not inflating the prices too much. I booked for a Tuesday on the previous Thursday. They were done in a few hours." "Brought the vehicle in for some suspension work and to take care of an ongoing oil leak. The guys came off as very honest about the work that needed to be done and the price When the work was done and paid for I walked away feeling like I had gotten a good deal They can sometimes be spotty to reach over the phone "My husband and I took our car to Steve and Marylynn for years before the car succumbed and we bought a VW diesel so had to go elsewhere. These two are so experienced and honest - it was really a pleasure working with them. We also appreciated their no-nonsense I had to stop going to Tom's because they are so hard to get in touch with. I still think they do great work once you're in there but it took me weeks once to get anyone on the phone.  so I went in search of a new shop. Went to Tom's based on a strong recommendation from good friends. Very happy with the work at Toms. They returned my call promptly  so I stopped in and told them my problem.  They replaced the blade and had it fixed in under 5 minutes...and only charged me $5!  So incredibly helpful.  I will certainly go back if something else happens to my car.  Thanks guys!" EDIT - the less expensive store was the highly rated Park Street location."  but also of following basic conversations about servicing a vehicle. I will not be returning to any Midas location ever again." That's just not right." So after I posted this review I was sent a msg from customer relations saying they would contact me in 24-48 hours to discuss my experience. .ITS BEEN OVER A WEEK..no word from anyone..your batting a 1000 Midas" Low cost good work. Two macaws in the waiting room.  Right by the mall on the East side.  and put it through the wash once more. Definitely more than I expected from any car wash facility... especially when I didn't even have to pay!"  and my car smelled like dirty rags until I got home and was able to wipe down the interior myself. They also didn't do quite so well on drying the car off - although I should have probably said something to the guys about doing a better job. Nevertheless "I paid $17.50 for an inside-outside cleaning and was given a dirty car. After agreeing that the car was dirty Go to OCTOPUS for the BEST WASH."  in the past I have had issues where they miss a bunch of spots or just wipe away a mess with a drying towel at the end.  I do think that it again "I've been to this location a couple of times.  I had a free coupon for them from a place that I got my oil changed at.  Let me tell you This place is the worst. They are super slow and you don't even get a good wash for all the wait. And the employees are rude. I would not come back here if it was free.  and new scratches on my passenger - side window!!! I just got this car 2 weeks ago!! Needless to say They arent pre ise or excellent but I will go here again when I need a sanity check on my interior." Not a good value.  The employees are rude.  I pointed out that I paid for services they didn't perform and the employee argued with me.  The manager isn't on top of things and isn't easy to deal with.  The product is over priced. "Never came back to this place. The people are rude! No hello "Wanted to get the cars washed yesterday because it was so nice out so I get that the place was really busy. But that is not a reason for employees to be rude to the customers. While waiting in line to go into the part where you leave the vehicle there was an older lady in front of me she took a few seconds longer to get out of her car.  She wanted to make sure she had what she needed. The guys vacuuming out the cars got really rude with her.  Telling her to hurry up. Again I get the place was busy. The worst part is the employees vacuuming the cars out started to talk about this customer after she left the vehicle calling her a bitch saying things like ""I ain't got time for this shit"" ""These people are dumb as hell"". Mind you my car windows were up and I had music on and could hear them just fine. Other customers inside were also complaining about how these employees were talking. I said something and so did somebody else to a employee inside but just got a shoulder shrug. That was my first and last time giving any money to this business. And to top it all off they did a really bad job with cleaning both cars. I could have gone to a gas station car was and gotten a better job done. I needed my car vacuumed and now need to go redo it because of the bad job done there." I always receive good service at this location and they are very fast and efficient." "We have been bringing our cars and trucks to Mermaid Car Wash for at least 15 years. We have never once encountered a rude employee. The service has always been excellent! The vehicles have always been cleaned to a level of excellence. A few times the line management was not happy with the level of clean @holverson: SCREW YOU Valvoline Instant Oil Change! I schedule a 3 hr appt. & you close without canceling. Make me drive 1 hr w/kids. You suck!! #FAIL Jan 2013-Went back a couple months ago. Same thing. Repeated  and installing it yourself is as difficult as making microwave popcorn.) No complaints." The staff here were very courteous and knowledgeable! I felt like I could really trust them. The service was quick and completely worth it. I'll come here every time!  ect) they don't PUSH push or make up bull chitz that your vehicle will collapse or break down if you do not get the radiator flush. That's nice. Nothing like moseying in and moseying out. The last placewant to waste your time off at is an auto shop. There's also a girl that works there who is phenominal at what she does. Even wiped the inside of my dash and windshield. She would NOT except a tip from me but who is to say that i didn't just throw it out the car window and say ""you deserved it"". She rocked and that was extra special of her to go above and beyond. She even let me know where I can go to get nitrogen air other than costco for my tires."  and found the customer service unacceptable. They didnt bother to apologize or give any explanation either. I wont go back  efficient service and the staff is very pleasant. I also like the fact that I just hang out in my car while they change my oil. Special thanks to Eugene- both this time and the previous time he was so thorough and informative. Painless and inexpensive!  I'll be back in 3 months." There are much better and cheaper places to get your oil changed in Madison.  Don't risk it!  It could end up costing you a fortune in repairing your car!  We will never be back at this experience." I would DEFINITELY recommend Martin Glass to anyone!!!!" I love these guys.  I needed some glass replaced in one of my windows in a hurry because we were selling our house and closing within the week.  I contacted Martin Glass with my emergency because I couldn't get the window out easily enough to take it to them.  By that afternoon it was all fixed!  This was a huge relief and they were super helpful and friendly during the process.  picture frame glass or any other relevant projects. Such great people and great friendly service! A locally owned and operated business. That's a privilege to have in the neighborhood in this day and age! Highly recommended." The crew at this store couldn't be more friendly and helpful.  They were very honest and straight forward with what needed to be done with my car and what really was optional.  The pricing was fair and they explained all charges before doing the work. Prices too high and service very slow. Save yourself lots of money and frustration and avoid this location. I've made the mistake of getting service here three times and always leave in a bad mood. Watch out for the aggressive up sell!  causing the sweet smell.  How did I discover this?  When I took my car to the dealership after I smelled the radiator fluid.  Expensive lesson learned." On Monday I will call the manager!" I used to work at a Firestone and I thought that lazy shit was just at my location. I was expecting this type of work from a local shop with a couple of random dopers.... not Firestone" The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because recently I went in for an alignment and they pointed out a repair that I needed and that they wouldn't be able to check the alignment until I got this repair. So With all this stress perhaps I should have gone to the dealer. Turns out they would have charged me less for my breaks.  (that almost never happens)  Just be careful and shop around." Overall I think Firestone is a rip off but I go there because of the credit card. I prefer the East side location to the west. Bill S. Is very helpful at East. Orders tires online.  They called to setup appt and said they'd let me know if there are an issues.  Drop wheels off a week later for appt.  Get a call later saying they can't get the tires.  Where was the call before I dropped of as promised!?!  Waste of my time.  Won't go back...  they should have called me back.  Took it some place else to get a second opinion.  I was told Firestone should have never put new tires on the car when ball joints and tie rods were needed.  I will never go back to this Firestone."   But after finding out they took out those metal pieces of my tires.  I could have been seriously injured or even killed because they wanted to make extra cash.  I find this COMPLETELY disturbing and i would never EVER go back to this place or even the company.  Another reason why i knew they were being shady was everytime they said something it was something different with another technician who knew what was going on.  Also They've never pressured me to make repairs when I take my car in for an oil change or other minor services.  They have made me aware of things that will need repair or recommended services  no BS or pressure to get unnecessary extra repairs.  I was satisfied with the experience." No one likes auto expenses however I have had nothing but good service and experience here. I drive an older model truck. The employees are always professional and friendly. I feel that they always have my best interest at heart when suggesting any service needs. Appointment scheduling is hassle free. All service has been performed quickly at a reasonable price with little wait time. The bottom line is they provide quality service at a fair price in a most professional manner. What else could you ask for?  they gave me a huge list of things wrong with the car which I knew before I came in the place. I didn't get my car completely fixed but I had a wonderful conversation with a woman named Christine who works there. She gave me so much great advice and I appreciated her honesty! If I asked a question about the car and she was unsure I will definitely service all needs of my car here." We will come here first from now on!" Definitely coming back to Chet's the next time my car is being a piece."  who could have frankly sold me quite a significant line of bull about that had they cared to.  In and out for an oil change and tire rotation in about an hour and for about $40 total.  Thanks Quick and clean. Nothing to complain about. I have never had a place go above and beyond like they did at Chet's. This is a place you can trust. I will bring all my vehicles to them."  the guy at the front desk recognized me right away and slipped me a coupon from their ad for 10% off my services because he knew that I didn't want to put a lot of money into my car.  I was taken aback by his thoughtfulness.  The mechanics kept me informed as they were working on my car  the guy answering the phone was nice and helpful. We brought the car in the next day and they offered a ride. They kept us informed throughout the day about what was going on and what the cost was going to be. There was a LOT of work to be done I've always had great experiences at Chet's. They are friendly and informative. And the price is totally decent. "I've had my stalling car fixed and my tires rotated at Chet's. I've had nothing but good experiences there in the short time I've been going. The front desk is as friendly as all get out "Great place. The price of tire rotation was HALF that of West Towne Monona Tire's quote. Also I accidentally forgot my wallet and had to run home to get it and pay after the car was serviced...they didn't hassle me about that at all. Large waiting room  happy to explain problems. I have no complaints - Chet's is just awesome."  but will tell you plainly whether it's something that needs to be fixed immediately or if it can wait. Their oil changes are the same price as the sale/coupon prices at the national chains. Since I bought my tires from them cbodGg8dt0gZpdtrQBgduQ "I came here to return a UHAUL truck and that is all...but this place had an impression on me.  The staff and owner were very friendly and nice and seemed like genuinely nice people.  All the customers that walked through the door seemed to be on a name basis with the mechanics.  I left my cell phone in the UHAUL and they were very nice about retreiving it "Went once to get the oil changed there. The people are really friendly.  I waited in the waiting room until it was done (about an hour with other customers).  They gave me the price with a coupon even though I didn't know there was one.  They didn't try to up-sell me on anything.  Overall  it was that it did take a little long....but even that wasn't a problem because they told us why we were waiting."  and never insisted that we go in for more expensive services (even when those have been recommended). And just today Make sure you call around before getting work done here in case there are other repair options that Chet's didn't consider."  assuming that the place is trying to trick me into paying for services I don't need. I felt so comfortable at this place and never once worried about that sort of thing."  they said that I needed a new battery.  I thought ""Here we go again. Just I expected.""  But they showed me what they could of the battery and I couldn't argue with them.  (How was it possible that my car was even running w/ that old battery?!?!?!?)  I had no inclination that they were going to swindle me Bring your business here and you will not have to worry about taking it anywhere else. These guys are trustworthy and responsible about what they do. Probably the only place that will try to find you discounts that apply to you at the spot.  family business with excellent customer service. I brought my car in twice for minor issues and was pleasantly surprised by how friendly and genuinely helpful the employees were. Not only was the service excellent  smooth transaction. To be updated at the end of my use of their facilities."  and also because I had bought my car a month ago with a little over 100k miles on it and I wanted to make sure everything checked out. An energetic guy by the name of Roman checked out my tires while humming merrily "Chet is an old school stand up guy with professional integrity that you don't see so much of anymore. My storage rental experience could not have been better. He let me use as many of his pallets as I needed with no extra charge; he was extremely kind about every interaction. My deposit was returned immediately with a hand written thank you note from Chet. I mean  will probably be taking my car here as long as I'm in the area." Shop around for repair quotes if you can."  but just selling me things I didn't need. I came into this place and Eric was very friendly and drove my car to diagnose it. He was very straight up and very nice. They got the job done in a couple of hours and I was on my way. I could not write more incredibly nice things about this place. You can tell people have taken their cars here for years for obvious reasons. If you live in Madison or happen to be here overnight with a car issue like I was Thankyou Chet's for helping a Lady feel secure in car care in a new place." "The folks at Chet's are great.  They genuinely care about their customers and making sure your car is safe and working optimally.  Once you drop off your car they'll drive you wherever you need to go Judging by other reviewers who have shopped around and received price quotes from Chet's  but suggested I bring it in so they could pull the codes. I came in right away and within 5 minutes Eric had pulled the codes and told me it was safe to drive unless the check engine light started blinking. AND HE DID THIS POLITELY AND FREE OF CHARGE! !" This place is horrible. They ripped me off so bad on an oil change and filter service. They left the old filter in there and just said they swapped it out. How can you trust a mechanic like this? Stay away... This guy is a crook.  When I took my vehicle to my regular mechanic he was so pissed he wanted to know who ripped me off!!  and I was able to drop my car off in the morning and pick it up again by early afternoon.  The price was steep  the first review. Hope others will follow suite."  so if you drop something off have a cover for it and remove any valuables. This is true of the other repair shops as well but thought I would mention it. All in all if you have a boat or car that you like and want running correctly ARA would be a good place to call. Judging by my visits here you might see a big ski boat next to a BMW one day and a Corvette and a boat like mine the next. Pay up and give them a shot. They have been here a long time and and seem to keep busy by word of mouth alone. Google did not bring them up for marine repair but I believe it may in the future."  or import.  Anything can be worked on and ready for you soon.  I do believe they even have storage.  It is conveniently located on East Washington Ave. too."  so I had to make a place to park.  Ended up getting cursed out by a maintenance guy.   Nice job U-haul!!!!  Will never be going back to this place again."  twice and ended up demanding a refund and taking business elsewhere.  NEVER AGAIN." I was pulling a U-Haul trailer from Michigan when my van started to lose power on I-90 in Madison.  I saw that I was leaking transmission fluid and began to look for a nearby transmission service garage.  When I got to Eastside Transmission the first thing I noticed is they keep a very clean shop.  There were only two techs on duty and were busy.  Dan quickly looked at the two vehicles ahead of me then came over to look at my car within minutes.  He took time look it over well and determined that the transmission was getting hot and discharging fluid out the overflow line.  He said I needed to let it cool and take it out of over-drive and I should be fine.  I was on my way in 20 minutes and didn't even charge me for the diagnosis.  We made it home without further problems.  It's nice to find a good honest shop when you're away from home and need immediate service!  if you know whats I mean.i'm new to the area and peoples here said this place was fair.they couldn't have been any truer.this is a great place and great service.hopefully don't have to come back soon  Make sure to get paperwork if you have the misfortune of dropping your car of there.  Make sure the paperwork reflects what they told you they were going to do." UWyW-lyljb_SrCnSEuugUQ  wouldn't likely be able to fix it until Monday as it was already mid-morning on Friday.  I had AAA tow it to their shop and they called a few hours later to give me the diagnosis and estimate.  From there on out  and goes the extra mile for you...look no further. Call Dave's Auto." "Completely incomparable! Loved Dave and the service I received. I had a gas leak and needed all of my gas lines replaced. He was able to accomplish this in less than 24  hours. My father was a master mechanic while I was growing up. Unfortunately I don't live near him so I had to look elsewhere for service  and reasonable price. I will definitely be returning when more service is needed."  reliable and fair. Appointments are easy to book and flexible.  I've recommended Dave to many over the years."  rather than trying to sell me new tires. I really appreciate their honesty and patience with a non-automotive genius like me. I highly recommend Seversin's for honest  and they're convenient. They also look to be good for regular maintenance." I went to seversin's and was able to get in immediately after I called and they were able to fix my rear brakes and tell me I could keep my front ones for at least another year. They were very nice and very reasonable for labor. I was able to only pay little under 300! quite a savings. I am also impressed that he would tell me not to replace the front brakes as they did not need it yet. The honesty and integrity of the owner will keep me coming back and referring others as well! Very impressed."  or you will scrape loudly and painfully on the steep grade. The Milwaukee St. side exit is nice and flat."  he is fast and just all around one of the good people.  I just hope this review doesn't cause him to get inundated and wreck his speedy turnaround time!  Seriously  he worked Sunday night (he wasn't supposed to be open) so we could get on our way Monday morning. He did great work for a great price and was completely honest. I couldn't recommend him more highly."  Dave called me at 7:30 Monday morning to see what happened and I had a new water pump and timing belt in by 5pm. Honest  very knowledgable about all things VW. We've been going to him for three years and have been very grateful to have his service - such a relief to have an expert mechanic we can consistently rely on and trust."  and I guess that happened today. Dave called the pizza store and told us that the driver dropped some money! Thank you for being honest!" Very impressed with Sam and Dave at Courtesy Auto.  Very professional and timely with the replacement of new rear brakes and rotors on my 2006 VW Passat.  Would highly recommend as their pricing was very reasonable.  Thanks guys.  but this was really a great experience!  I mostly understand what was wrong with my car instead of my usual clueless-ness.  The price seemed pretty reasonable too." Courtesy Auto is THE only place you should take your VW.  They do outstanding work and are super honest.  I have used them exclusively for almost 80k miles worth of service and couldn't be happier.  They know these cars in and out and won't sell you something you don't need.  Once I asked Dave if I needed front brakes and he said - I am betting your light will come on close to your next service so you probably have 7500 miles left on them.  The light came on at 7800 miles.  If you want to support a great shop - head over to Courtesy Auto. If you have a VW you MUST go here!!"  knowledgable. A good mechanic is hard to find and these guys are good. You won't regret it."  kudos for being classy: I was very annoyed with the other dealership and Dave refused to bad-mouth them  or other mechanical issues we have received very satisfactory service over the years."  and plan to have all of my future servicing done here."  but squeezed us in - just to help us out. Wanted to be safe with 350+ miles to go. They were quick and awesome just helping us to feel safe."  I would've scheduled a future appointment. The staff was going to look over my vehicle but didn't tell me of anything either way with my car." It's hard to believe that Tires Plus and Firestone are owned by the same company.  One was horrible and one provided great customer service." "This is my go-to place for oil changes and everything else I need. I Usually walk away from my dealings with mechanics feeling like I've just been cheated  my car began to have a hard time accelerating. It was louder and louder and harder to go up hills. I noticed oil leaking all over my front tires and I was leaving an oil train as I was driving. I was afraid because I didnt know what was wrong. I have a 2012 with 50 I highly recommend this place for basic maintenance on your vehicle." Only place around that I can get no ethanol gasoline.  did excellent work and were totally affordable and when fixing a BMW affordable is rarely a word used.  They work on other cars as well but I can't speak to that.  They also we t over my car and let me know what preventative work will be needed and about how much time I had to get it done.  Being new to Madison I was worried about finding a mechanic I could trust.  I'm not worried anymore."  Wayne raised his voice at me as he told me how much a repair was going to cost me. He charged me for a part they broke while working on the engine. They then returned the  car to me  and didn't say anything about it. Therefore I was driving around in a car which could have lost its coolant at any time without warning. That was enough for me to look elsewhere for auto repair. Although I live within walking distance from Wayne's I will never patronize them again."  told me I needed to replace my catalytic converter as well as the broken pipe for $650.  I may be a woman with a limited knowledge of cars but I wasn't born yesterday.  Went to another shop "I went to this place to get a mid muffler duel exhaust system installed on my 2007 mustang. The two people who own the shop are a father and son team. I bought my exhaust system online and had them install it for me. It was kind of a long wait but it wasn't their fault it was the exhaust systems fault. The exhaust system I bought was known for being tough to install. The two people working there were very nice and offered me a soda while I waited. The owner said ""I never let anything leave my shop unless it's quality"". When they were done they called me out to look at it and asked me if it looked good. It looked great and was very professional. When they started it up it sounded amazing and they did a few revs to make sure it was up to my standard. It ended up costing $300 but a big chunk of that was because it was a tough install. They said that if it wasn't as tough of an install it would've been cheaper. I was very satisfied and I will definitely come back with more business." Last night the engine got louder sounding as I was driving. Stopped to see what was going on and noticed that no exhaust was coming out of the tailpipe. Brought my car in this morning the have it checked out. The guy seemed pleasant and immediately put my car up to have a look. He then brought me into the shop and showed me the problem (flex pipe busted). He also showed me two other areas that were starting to rust out including my muffler. I decided against getting a new muffler right away and paid to have the flex pipe cut out and replaced. The price quote was consistent with competitors. Overall I was pleased with the way my car and I were treated. They said I needed a timing belt replaced when Honda Civics from 2006 don't have a timing belt. I highly recommend Clausen's Automotive." In other words stick with the reputable shops to get a decent job done We saved about $200 to replace the front bumper for our Honda van by having the work done here versus the dealer.  Looks as good as new and they stuck by their estimate.  and saved me $$$!! Only had the rental car for three days. Offered an alternative to a large scratch that occurred on my red charger and saved me at least $1000--and car looks great! Thanks and will recommend to others!"  and they will explain things in lay-man's terms. I feel fortunate to have an honest Great work at a fair price. I recommend without hesitation.  but this place is great! John and his crew were very honest and personable. Would recommend without hesitation!"  grab an ice cream at the bait shop a couple of doors down  efficient and affordable.  Greg even found a minor issue that might have developed into a problem.  Maybe with their help I highly recommend Jenks because I completely trust them and their recommendations."  and I had been putting it off for at least a month. I was worried that the truck would need all sorts of fixes and that the bill would be astronomical. I was pleasantly surprised. My rear brakes needed doing A good place to go for honest service. Just a great crew! Helped my friend out in a pinch. .. treated us very professionally and respectfully and completed the work perfectly!  We are now regulars here! UNdZmxmhKcXNRssYwhwcPw Great prices! Speedy service! Honest dudes! Great work done on my car!  don't even bother trying there.  I stood in the shady looking reception area and was never acknowledged.  I went over to Monona where there were actually people working at the desk.  I received prompt and friendly service.  The waiting room left much to be desired NOT!  I was still getting terribly gas mileage so I went to a reputable mechanic and he showed me that when my car is on that gas is shooting out right from where my fuel filter is at.  It was spraying everywhere and obviously not fixed.  I am going back to Broadway today to show them again what is going on.  This will now be the third time I have taken it there to get the same thing fixed." Just a follow up went to Monona location and finally had my oil changed now back because my car is leaking oil. Avoid I would give zero stars if I could.  but they only had one car in the bay. What's the point in advertising a cheap special on oil changes if you won't do it because you close only an hour after people get off work." One word of caution-their repair services are extremely over-priced.  I got ripped off big time on a brake job and the West side location (my reason for being skeptical of Meineke).  I have found   and they fit me into a busy schedule.   Great service  and a tire rotation.  I have a scratched rim on my car so I know where it was they said they rotated my tires when in fact they didn't. Total losers"  they fit me in and DID NOT TAKE ADVANTAGE of me! They told me I don't need brake pads it's just what cars do on ice ! LoL! Friendly and fast and sooo much cheaper than the city! Tax alone was worth it!" "These guys are great. I had recently moved to Madison and still looking for a place I liked where i felt I could trust them. Came in a few months ago on a Saturday. They were pretty busy  ran another errand. Came back at noon and waited 40 minutes for them to even take my car in for work. Lucky for them an oil change takes ~20min and we were able to get out about an hour after we arrived. Great customer service as always but not impressed today with the time it took." These guys are great! I like their reward system & their service is quick and friendly. Good prices too!  but it's been great. The technicians are very knowledgeable and are now used to the quirks of my 2001 Kia- they've even won awards for their abilities. I am also always able to get a courtesy vehicle I guess you get what you pay for.  Good price.  Lousy service once they have your money."  Andrea & Pete and each of them have displayed stellar customer service. I always feel confident leaving my car in their care. The major hail storm back in 2006 left my first ever Horrible place! Bad service! They make promises they can not keep. I dropped of my car and explained to them I needed my car by a certain date. I gave them 4 full business days to fix my car. They promised to call me and keep me updated and never did! I had to be the one constant calling them to get an update. I called my insurance company to let them know they are bad for business! They don't even deserve a 1 star!  or bread.  Good selection of coffee.  They sell those jars of Frappucino."  for a good scrub and cleaning inside and out. The staff is friendly and extremely efficient. Go for the Diamond Package ($19.99) and make sure to ask for the junk in the trunk to get vacuumed  efficient and inexpensive. My car is always sparkling. They sell booklets of basic washes plus some extra (rain-x I recommend this place for all your party foul friends that think your backseat is a trashcan." x7nnNkAXy9aI4KBz6RMerw Remember to leave a few extra bucks as tip Octopus promises and delivers. Recommended -- good quality serivce and excellent attention to detail."  a pile or grit still around my gas pedal (that also was not cleaned)...all this even after I complained and pointed this out to them.  All they did was ran it through the wash again - only after a bit of back and forth - the manager was actually reluctant to even do that.  No offer to help me out on the cost despite the splotch on my seats  befriending someone with a hose and cleaning my car myself from now on. I paid $8 for a wash in Atlanta at Cactus Car Wash with better results." x7nnNkAXy9aI4KBz6RMerw  that's bad) than torture my nostrils with the synthetic crap fragrances you guys use.  There has to be something better out there than this toxic smelling garbage [OK  not to much pressure to change what I wanted.   They cleaned the car well in and out.   I will be back....now that I live in Madison  but they spent nearly three hours on my car and the results were fantastic.  I didn't think it was possible for them to get rid of the smell in one cleaning I took the diamond pack and express mats. The car was dirty. Got it back nice and shiny but the floor mats were soaking wet. Details details... We use univ. ave every time and usually no problems . Looked like they were overwhelmed yesterday. no appt possible for detailing on weekends!!!!!   this is how this business's advertising should read.  always call ahead on weekends for detailing!!!!!!! The only thing I forgot to mention is that the Octopus is kid friendly for all ages (myself included). Make sure to let the little ones blast the cars with the ""sudszilla"" as they roll  by but Update.... Now I notice there are 20-30 nats or maybe fleas on the inside of windshield... This place is terrible..." "Managers name is Damion Diitsch... The meatiest of meatheads.. There are fleas in my car from the guys doing the interior too...morons.......they took 45 minutes to perform the""express detail "" they say will take 5 minutes. On top of that they do an overall CRAP job and do nothing to resolve the issue hen brought to their attention. MY PREVIOUS REVIEW WAS LENGTHY & SPECIFIC BUT IT WS TAKEN DOWN BY YELP. COULD THE RUMORS BE TRUE THAT THEY PROTECT CERTAIN CLIENTELE FROM BAD REVIEWS? Say it ain't so."  but the car looks all spiffed up for a few days which is nice. Service is friendly as well."  but then I came here. The washes are definitely way better. They do a much better job at cleaning the interior. I've never gotten anything over the $30 range He agreed to have an employee re-do the interior. The second time they got it right but I still wouldn't recommend this place." "This place is great. I like how you can watch your car go through the wash. The only down side is the inconsistency of how well the inside gets wiped down. It really depends on who is working on your car. I've had days when my dash is clean and dirt free  especially when they're busy. They seem to loose sight of what it means to detail a car. It's the critical details they wide up missing"  so clearly this establishment just rips off their customers. I urge all of you to find some other place to get your car washed in Madison. Bunch of thieves!!!" Worse place to get your car washed. Takes two hours to get a quick detail. They weren't even busy. Watched the guys clean my car. They talked more than detailing. They used my truck as a resting area to just hang out out. Go somewhere else. I have pictures of some of the nonsense. "This is a good car wash with good value.  They are quick  from the guy that towed the car to the receptionists to the guy that inspected the car after the remote problem was nice and helpful.  I would definitely recommend Tatman's to anyone who needs body work done after a car accident."  the van began to shudder and the check engine light went on. When we brought it in on Monday they fixed it that day -- one of the spark plug wires had been bent and/or frayed and the plug wasn't firing. Since there was no way to tell if it was the work they'd done or the accident that caused it I used tatman's to have a few small scratches removed.  The workmanship was alright but the customer service was mediocre at best.  It took many visits to ensure the job was done correctly.  I would recommend you look elsewhere for better service.  much better quality of workmanship and customer service." This is the second time I have used Tatman's and both times I have been 100% satisfied with the results.  This latest time was after hitting a deer.  It was simple to get an estimate and everyone was polite and cordial.  They handled most of the paperwork with the insurance company.  It took a few days longer than expected to finish the car but the results were worth the wait.  My Mustang has an unique paint color and they got it right.  They returned the car cleaned inside and out.  Looked great and all repair work is guaranteed for life.  and their customer service is as good as you can expect from a mechanic!  It's worth saying I get the feeling these guys are super-honest and dependable."  they drove me to and from work so I could drop off the car and pick it up when it was done.  They also were very friendly and helpful during the entire process.   I would very much recommend their work in the future."  they have proven themselves honest and trustworthy - always making suggestions that were in our best interests. They are really experts at what they do - so abandon the dealer and take your car to Pro-Tech. You will get the straight scoop from the actual mechanic that will be doing the work! You are likely to become a long-term customer as well. We've since moved out of the area  audi specialists and they figure out the problem within couple hours and fixed it in 24 hours (most time are wasted on waiting parts from dealer) Only $500 to get it done. I'm very satisfied."  or drop into any one of the dining/drinking establishments to have a cool beverage and a tasty bite to eat while your car gets fixed." As good as it gets!! :-)"  including warranty repairs can be done by ably by these folks.  Prompt  they readily helped answer my questions and even made adjustments and unrelated follow-up repairs free of charge. I would gladly recommend them for anyone looking for honest I used to go to Peter B.s which I was very happy with as far as work and prices went but it is so busy you usually are looking at a 2 week wait for them to be able to look at your car. As a single car household we can't wait 2 weeks. So I tried Fairfield Automotive and have been there twice. The first time my new belts just needed to be adjusted and he charged me $20 (!!!). This last time was more complicated with an eroded exhaust pipe but a fair price and super friendly and knowledgeable service. I strongly recommend them. Edited to add: The Orange bus stops right outside(unless they've changed the routes) and the Urbana terminal is only 3 blocks away." I will definitely return and would recommend their service. Very personable and friendly staff "Just an update. I'm still going there 4 years later and am just as happy. He tries to fix instead of replace and doesn't invent problems. He listens carefully and explains what he did without you having to have gone to automotive school to understand what he is talking about. Personable "You will not find a better mechanic around. I've had several wonderful experiences and would not consider taking my car anywhere else. He is so competent but still affordable - to the point that you want to tip him! My coworker recommended Tom to me and I have not stopped recommending him to others since. He has fixed all my problems but always reassures me that if the problem comes back to let him know. He cares about truly fixing your problems  Bob at Meineke has been keeping the cars in our family in tip - top shape. I never used to like going to car maintenance facilities. I felt venerable. I felt as if I was submitting to Jiffy Lube's bullshit schemes to have me replace a filter I didn't need or add on the premium package."  from drive up to drive away it took maybe.. 30 minutes even though there were several other cars in the garage (I went at 2pm on a Tuesday afternoon)." If you're looking for a cheap oil change  I called them the following Wednesday confused on why it was taking so long "I called to schedule an oil change right before Christmas when no one could fit my car in. They took it the same day and told me it would take half an hour. I left it there while I went to work. When I picked it up everything was just fine. The people were very friendly and professional. They took my yelp coupon that I showed them on my phone. The only thing was they didn't reset my oil change light  no fluff car repair shop. I take all my fleet vehicles here for repairs/ oil changes when needed."  courteous and replaced my brakes for a compelling price with a of couple hours turn around time. A must go for anyone who is unsure about car nitty gritty and don't want to get ripped off!"  I would not have gone through with the repairs. I don't see how they failed to miss a burned out part. Now I spent $800 on a car that's going to the junkyard because the people working on my car did not notice damage to a very significant part of my car (that the check engine light code gives the notification that there's a problem there) or just tried getting some money from me. Definitely will never come here again when/if I get a new car."  you should get their clothes here."  serious pet stuff...on and on it goes and usually at a good price.  The staff are always as helpful as they are able to be but can sometimes be technically uninformed about the products they carry...it's a discount operation after all."  stereo equip...etc...etc... they have a full service auto department that has good deals on services too so you can shop around and play with the power tool displays or make things out of the pvc fittings while you're waiting. Man One other thing: if you're a student going to a barn dance  you can probably find it here."  and did I say candy? This place is classic. Don't miss the festival days in the spring: a great time to see a man train a horse." Been back a few times since then for various hardware needs I work close so stop here if I need anything for the house or garden.  They have cute decorations for holidays.  I recently bought new tires there and even though I went there ahead of time on my lunch and purchased them and had them waiting for me when I got there after work it still took them almost 2 hours to get those tires on my car!!!  go ahead and double the estimate that they give you on your wait time.  Have a friend pick you up and grab some food while you wait.  Otherwise you will avail yourself of all manner of available junk food as your blood sugar drops.  Take it from someone who has been there I just wished Farm and Fleet were open a hour earlier." One thing I DIDN'T like was that there was not much organization to layout of the place.  The sections didn't seem to be in any particular well thought order."  this was my first time going.  I was surprised by how vast and various it was.  It's almost like a hybrid hardware/department/agricultural store.  For what they had *(What Would My Farmer Dad Do?)" i went on-line and bought the replacement parts for 15 bucks.  i should have done that first." Farm and Fleet is fantastic.  The things that stick out to me is when they've helped me out with problems that they weren't even supposed to and did so for free. There are some really good people working there.  and I've never had to replace a muffler that they put on (plus guaranteed for life)."  but this last time was on a Monday afternoon with no less than 4 guys standing around and only 1 car in the whole place!! Anyway skip this place for service they clearly don't want oil change business." Not really a ""Farm"" person. Went there when I got a coupon in the mail." "The staff and service in the auto center are great!  They take the time to go over estimates Do not bring your vehicle to Farm & Fleet." vA8ed8BFvQxz4HFt8cHd9Q The only drawback is that they're way out on the east side of Urbana."  and she has provided highly useful/ technical advice. A VERY amazing place!" Peter B is really good - excellent work at a reasonable price ~  and without adding additional unneeded services to your bill. In a town full of shady garages  but he did give me some recommendations on how to keep what paint I have left on the truck for years to come.  I followed the recommendations and get compliments on how good my truck looks all the time.  What impressed me was that the detail person didn't try to convince me of paying him for things that might not have helped or made my paint situation worse." PLEASE bring your car in to Long's!"  spoke to Rudy. He was very friendly and asked to call me back. He called me back within a few minutes with an estimate for the mirror and installation. I came back a few days later to install the mirror and he charged me less than estimated. He said it was easier to install than he thought. Very honest shop."  he promptly called and clearly explained the issues with the car. He was very generous with his time despite our choice to continue without repairs. Rudy was honest and a pleasure to deal with  I was told that they didn't have any and my only option was to get a more expensive one. This is absolutely OBSURD customer service. You cannot guarantee a customer something and then force them to upgrade out of their own pocket. I will never rent from Uhaul again and I will not recommend this to anyone." OasJ_Jq4cUEHvWLa7UoQzQ My advice to future customers:  always check the back of the truck before leaving the parking lot to avoid pointless fees."  6 weeks in advance! The employees are either dumb or just don't give a shit. They're unorganized and totally clueless. I have never used a business so poorly run. How this store stays in business is a mystery to me and any corporation that tolerates such bad performance from a franchise will not get another $ from me. Or maybe they're all this bad. Regardless ifUkPfiuirIqLvJKXj4QQA  writing this review is making me relive this horrible experience but I think you should have gotten the point by now. This place scores awful out of 10."  the boxes that I bought there fell apart.  Buy your boxes from Two Men and a Truck - they're more expensive The only thing I would suggest is for management to make sure that at least two people can work the desk at any given time  they were also great about helping me get set up to tow again.  I really didn't know the first thing about what I needed to buy.  They make it easy and explained everything."  he has no clue how to deal with people. The truck I had was in a bad shape I had to replace it with a truck from a different location."  at least give us a call to let us know if we're S.O.L. If there was another nearby location that had better service and fleet availability Let's make a change and show them the consequences of treating students like crap." The only reason I gave them 2 starts is because there really isn't a better trailer option that I've aware of." ---- I contacted UHAUL Customer Service with no response or resolution" Terribly slow. We arrive here at 12:00pm just to return the car. The stuff asks us to wait and didn't appear again until an hour later. Terrible service. Fastest oil change ever. 000 miles in 3 months.  I called around to ask if I couldn't go by millage then what is the point of writing it down? And everyone told me they were just trying to get more money out of me by having me come in more often for oil changes. I may be a female Why would I get a service that isn't recommended?  Their approach to customer service is bizarre." I'm a girl who doesn't know a whole lot about cars and they didn't push extra services! I cant say thats ever happened to me before so I was very pleased. The service was fast too and they vacuumed my car. I'm not exactly sure what type of oil I have though but otherwise i'm very happy! There's a 5 dollar coupon on their website too. I go here for an oil change. A few of the employees push the extra services but they are the same folks dealing with my car nearly every time. They send coupons in the post and you can find them online or in local coupon magazines. They are super fast and friendly!  but that is really early.  They became unbalanced during pothole season.  It was more convenient for me to take the car into my husband's long used tire place Pretty efficient and recommend their early bird specials The manager was able to work out a great deal with me and I was able to get it all taken care of in about 30 minutes. I will most definitely  be returning for my next oil change. Thank you so much for the outstanding customer service that your professional crew displayed so flawlessly!!" "Worse place in town! They smoke in the garage area and when I left my car smelled like an ashtray. When I complained the guy shrugged his shoulders and said sorry. Having asthma his ""sorry"" wasn't good enough." "Very very rude staff! You go in for service and they talk down to you like you don't know a thing about a vehicle. They try to push all kinds of additional services on you and then get even more rude when you decline. My car smelled like someone had smoked in it when I finally was able to leave I come here every time I need a oil change. I never have any problems with them.  The staff is very friendly.  They get the job done fast and well. There isn't much more I could ask for. I would definitely recommend this Jiffy Lube over anywhere else. So fast!! They go over all the recommendations so its easy to understand. Plus they had the stuff that my Chevy needed right then and there. They had the doors open so it was nice to be in the lobby. I brought bills to pay while I waited and couldn't even finish. Highly recommend. I was surprised to read the reviews on smoking/having a smokey car.. I have never had this problem. It looks like each of those reviews were in March of 2015  fine whatever. The next day my radiator tank was completely empty. And though I still have a warranty on these parts I will take my car somewhere else (anywhere else) because I have lost all faith in the competency of these mechanics."  and that they had no idea what/if anything was the matter with my turbo. When I went back to Gasoline Alley to request a refund for at least the parts  and he had informed me that he did in fact receive a refund from his dealer on some of the bad parts he installed in my vehicle. This having occurred despite the fact that when first I requested a refund A car that had been parked for at least 3 days was still on the street despite city signs for an event. Andy's towed the car within 15 minutes of the call. Super fast service.  Andy! and thank you!" My Nissan 350Z had a flat tire in Champaign and the guys at Andy's helped me out tremendously. They towed my low-riding car with great care and gave me a lift to the local tire shop at a very reasonable price. Won't go anywhere else for my future towing needs.  but they were friendly and quick.  I was also able to get a better price than at another area body shop."  know what they are doing and know what it means to put in the work and get results. I highly recommend them." "Great service!  They repaired the right side of my car which sustained multiple dents.   A couple of weeks after the service Central IL Auto Body did a wonderful job fixing my car. I had extensive damage to the roof of my new Toyota. They replaced and repaired everything to perfect condition! Kept me informed through the entire process which was an added benefit. Great people and excellent service!  so he offered me one after I dropped off the car even though public transportation is pretty good. The estimate he gave was lower than two other shops  but on the back end be prepared to be a little more proactive in getting the needed information. To be quite frank it seems like this is a top notch shop Good service. Charlie is a very nice person. Highly recommended. Brought my mom's car in.  I expected to pick it up the next day. They had it ready to go in just over an hour. The shock was that the bill was half of what I had thought it would be. Thanks Charlie.  yet the overall value that they deliver is much higher. I cannot recommend this business enough." "Great place to get a quick oil change. I get my oil changed here in the winter when it's too cold to change my own oil. Priced competitively with other major chains. They take literally 10 minutes to change oil I came here from another oil change place that I wasn't happy with. They were nice and honest to me. I had a very pleasant experience. And the oil change literally took 10 min. :) "Very nice on the phone and in-person. Very reasonable prices (I'm used to getting gouged on 5W-20 for my Honda)  get out. No complaints." Really took 10-20 min for full fluid change for nice price. I'll definitely be back next time I'm due for an oil change.  Highly recommend!"  which a lot of places don't."  and window washing all for about $50. And it was crazy quick- I sat in their waiting room for maybe 20-30 minutes. Plus Best oil change service ever! Super fast ! I went to there at 7:30 in the morning and I drive out at 7:44. The manager is very knowledgeable and the stuff clean my car like new! Highly recommend ! I've come here now 10 times. The service here is great. No BS they do what you ask and not try to up sell stuff. The oil change is a good price and I never feel like they are talking down to me or pushing something I don't need. I stopped going to Jiffylube because of this. Plus there is never a line and they are quick.  and took it in to a chain. They wanted to replace basically everything in the car related to brakes for $900. I had heard that the Brake Shop did good work at a fair price  then I got in an accident that messed up the front end. A body shop finished up the accident work  do your thing in a place that's not as public bathroom feeling as you'd expect "The store was very clean and well stocked. The womens restroom smelled nice as I walled by Clean bathrooms!  Huge selection of great snacks and healthy ones too!  it will suit your needs. Oh and they have cold bottles of water."  I get that it's at night and not as busy but come on. When you express complaints to staff they don't give a sh** I go here a couple times a week for gas since I live near the gas station and the staff is NEVER friendly nor the staff in the McDonald's that's connected to it if I didn't have to go here I wouldn't... It's normally really dirty in there too.. The service dept is excellent... Too bad my car was not. "We did not have a good experience there.  Contrary to what the Saturn company is supposed to stand for I was especially not thrilled when I was told it would cost over $700 to repair. I thanked them and said I didn't need to have it fixed afterall I would definitely recommend them to anyone who needs a repair."  reasonable prices.  I took my truck in for a basic oil change.  I received a call from the owner letting me know about a brake light that was out & asked if I wanted them to replace it.  The clerk was very nice and helpful.  I haven't been here enough to give them 5 stars  which I did in about ten minutes with nothing but a pair of channel locks.   I am reducing my stars down from two stars to one  but the manager took ownership and helped me get everything straightened out.   Friendly staff."  but the only way this could've gone worse would've been if they straight up lied about problems with the car." Thanks Matt! Keep up the great work." Because they are so awesome I tell everyone I know about this experience I too had the Groupon. I think most of us are more inclined to write a bad review than taking the time to write good reviews so I am going to change that for me today ( it is a Lent thing but I hope it will carry on).  That being said this is why I give my 5 stars to Virginia Auto. Being a single women is always a bit unverving taking my car in repairs.  After dropping off my car the women at the desk called me to explain things they found on my car. First thing she told me was the good things about the car which I think is very important like tire wear looked good etc so I could quit holding my breath. Then she went into things that may be needed but could wait and then she sugested having my headlamp covers cleared to help with night diving which I did and it was the best money I could of spent.  I found the people answered the phone right away when I called to make the appointment and everyone was very polite and friendly. Definately a find for a single women and I won't  tell my age but driving at night is easier with shiney headlights!  but the brakes never did become a problem again.  Though the owner claims that I couldn't have POSSIBLY fixed them for $90 "These guys are AMAZING! I brought my car in and they checked over the WHOLE car! I realize my car needs some TLC. The guys prioritized my list of things I need to get done and made me estimates too. I know I have alot of money I need to save to fix my car but the guys are helping me out and we are doing a little at a time. I LOVE the fact they told me EVERYTHING that was wrong with my car. They have a GREAT staff I highly recommend this shop."  for taking such great care of me and my car and allowing us to head out of town for a few days without worrying about my car!" "The yelp reviews were so good I wanted to believe I found a new mechanic "We recently took our Mercedes to Virginia Auto Service for  a new set of tires. Since we purchased the vehicle there has been a vibration in the rear of the vehicle. We have taken it to several places  I was regularly facing pricey service visits even for regular maintenance.  The increase in cost was pretty odd since it corresponded with the change in my service contact (they are paid on commission at the Acura dealer).  I was also pretty annoyed by the ""transfer"" of my trusted contact.  So Keep up the good work!  Always glad to support local businesses!"  I highly recommend giving these guys a try!  I'm fiercely protective and OCD about my car -- if I trust Audrey to someone P.S. Do yourself a favor and check out Inman & Sons instead. :)" Matt and Tim were great. When going over solutions I felt they were straight forward and upfront about the cost of the repairs. I  also felt that they understood how I felt about being separated from my money. Our Volvo is running great and we hope to keep it running for a long time with the help of Virginia Auto Service. M-MFa0YErVBbFW2IJhGJmw "I thought I had a problem with my car's heater.  I took it into Virginia Auto and they discovered that was only a symptom of a major engine problem.  So they did some research on it and found out it was a manufacturer's defect.  They arranged for the dealership to get me a whole new engine 3. Burgie will give you a ride back to your work/home!" you will ""You Get What You Pay For"" . Trust me.....This business will not disappoint!"  which is now getting up there in age. They're patient and always willing to explain what services will be done to my car and give me a fair price. They're not the cheapest in town but they do high quality work. Even when I had to have work done at another shop they called and had the details of the work faxed over to double check and ensure that everything was done properly." "I've been using Virginia Auto for years because I trust them to do it right the first time.  They are clean  kind and reliable repair shop for my car.  Did my oil change run a bit more than some $19.99 special?  Yes All you Phoenix ladies who don't know a bunch about cars and need reliable auto repair with out getting lied to plus its right by Band-Aids so you can drop your car off and 'wait in the lobby' at the gentlemans club "I took my truck to get an oil change and inspection. Robert was super friendly and knowledgeable. They did a great job and even picked me up from work. The only thing I didn't receive was the truck wash I was told I'd get (not the important part). Overall  and their ability to judge and hire employees to reinforce their business desires and dreams. Matt is an example of a great owner and his business illustrates this day after day." Definitely recommended!"  friendly. I've taking my car here for a year and will continue to for many more." M-MFa0YErVBbFW2IJhGJmw  no.  They really thought i would be bullied into getting a service done that I don't need and that would not fix what was wrong to begin with.  So they are either incompetent or just puling a scam on a ""girl"".  what is even more outrageous is all these people think they are doing a good job.  i hope no one gets hurt because of virginia auto service"  the lack of a proper diagnosis and insufficient repairs provided by Virginia Auto. I lodged a complaint with the owner and requested a refund.  He laughed and said he would only communicate in writing with me.  He has never once asked about my complaint  we should stick with them.  I left a bad review because I didn't like the way Robert spoke to me *and* because the price quote was dramatically different than other places. I felt exploited because I was vulnerable -- my car was towed there and I was stuck. (I couldn't go to my mechanic because he was too far away and I was running between my two jobs.)  I'm fixing it because Matt has a lot of integrity as a shop owner and I'm grateful he took the time to research the situation and offer me a better solution.  In yelp-speak 000 miles? I've been to other shops that will fix your car for cheap and do a quick-fix repair that will mask or even fix issues for a time. If that's what you're looking for Save your time addressing my review with your wit and sarcasm and spend some time and money teaching your guys some ethics!  I may not know everything Save your time addressing my review with your wit and sarcasm and spend some time and money teaching your guys some ethics!  I may not know everything  coming from someone who just moved to the Valley. Would definitely recommend them; ask for Robert" 000???  Seriously?  I told them I wanted a second opinion.  I took my car to 2 other mechanics and neither of them quoted me over $1 I've never had such a good experience with a shop in the years I've owned cars. I will definitely go back to Virginia Auto if I have further issues with this or any future vehicle." "Today I took my car in for an Oil Change (PERIOD).  The mechanic decided to play with my coolant overflow and when he pulled the clamp off the line the plastic broke inside the hose and they wanted me to pay for it.  THAT IS CRAZY!! I never asked them to do anything other than an oil change.  Conveniently Top notch customer service. They walked me through what must happen and what could wait. Even dropped my car off for me! I've never experienced such excellent service from start to finish. "Great auto shop! I brought in my truck after another shop failed to fix an oil leak. Service was excellent Sometimes I get my car dirty on purpose. Dirty car. Bad Oh how I love my little guy.. apparently they do to!"  it's well worth rolling out on McDowell with shiny wheels..!  You'll be ready to take on anything.."  they do a really good job.  Worth it to frequent a local business rather than the chains." I don't recommend their detail service Li5LOL873Ep8HoPRML18sw  well done and bonus that they are perpetually friendly. If you want a sub par wash that uses brushes and the employees couldn't give a crap about you They also offer detailing & window tinting.  I've never had a complete detail here  your quality work is worth the drive and the wait." i guess i could have done it myself and saved the 25 dollars but i didn't mind dropping the extra cash to pamper my lady."  washed the exterior including rims and shampooed the carpets for $29.99.  I would come back." Now if they would only re-open their little coffee stand..."  every last speck of dirt and mud would be cleaned from everywhere.  I'd take a Q-Tip to the window down near the defroster vents to get all the accumulated little vapors off the glass.  But I know where El Tahoe will go and it looks better than fine now.  Los Olivos we'll be back." They kindly offered to drive me to the Arizona Center... don't do it "Los Olivos shines....I can say I have never driven off the lot unhappy. My car is always spotless inside and out. I get a hand wax there regulary for $39.99 which inlcudes a full wash and includes cleaning the mats. They have a variety of different packages to choose from $17.99 for ""the works"" and they did an excellent job.  The cashier told me it would take half an hour and it ended up taking only 20 minutes.  My car was perfect." Good prices and they do a great job.  Now if only they'd stay open late enough so that I could go after work instead of making me wait on the weekend. IM SORRY THAT MY $150 WAS A BIT TIME CONSUMING FOR YOU TO FINISH THE JOB WE PAYED FOR.  I maybe would have understood if we would have purchased the lowest wash/clean or something "Average car wash. Still have to take time to wash a lot of stuff they miss (ie bugs on bumper  this is a good spot. Today when I was there they were letting girl scouts sell their cookies  which i love. Danny's needs to take a group field trip here to learn customer service! LO's defiantly has the upper hand in the area. And for the price (i pay about $20 for the works wash every time) it cant be beat and i cant be too sour on it. It's really just minor things; sometimes they forget to wipe out the deep dish rim's thoroughly Stopped in here for a quick hand wash.  I had them wash my black car on the side rather than running it through the tunnel.  For $25 not a bad job.  A few swirl marks but overall pretty good. Great place to get a good hand car wash.  Much better than a machine and worth every penny.  there isn't anything worse than pushy salesman at a car wash.  My little car needed a scrubbing and they did great!"  they do offer a $2 discount to ASU students." BOTTOM LINE: Many hands beat auto-wash any day" They turned out to be a huge disappointment and we will not return."  they've never damaged my windshield wipers as has Clean Freak's mechanical beast. I've also never felt they were pushy when offering upgraded or additional services. Windshield repair: Quick. Indiscernible after repair. No out of pocket cost -billed my insuror.  Buffed out a bad scrape on friend's car I took in: Radical improvement in appearance: $10.  There is a big difference in the after wash wipe down by hand and it's definitely a positive difference." "First time today!  What was I thinking and why did I wait so long to head down here?  Seriously  and they aren't associated with Danny's Carousel in any way. And that's enough."  they say ""your tires are too wide""  So I'm like you just did the car two weeks ago... no response just looked at me like a deer in headlights.  stupid is as stupid does i guess." Attention to detail not only comes from the car wash staff but also from Gene who meticulously maintains the gloss and shine of all my Italian kicks." "I used to come here all the time only because they dont have those brushes that beat your car up..so I specifically asked them not to use the hand brush on the front of my car because they go so fast that the handle nicks the corners of my car.. So as I see my car going to the line up what do I see 2 guys using brushes on my car.. So we confronted the lady  and a great scratch free car wash at an awesome price!"  it makes sense -- just an FYI). You can also get a yearly pass that is a huge discount to the one-off washes. My entire family washes our cars here and will never go anywhere else." "I went here because of the Yelp reviews. i have a new car and this was my first car wash and wanted a hand wash so as not to scratch the car. I found the service pretty good. The only thing Li5LOL873Ep8HoPRML18sw Consistently a perfect carwash.  But their complete detail? Best in Phoenix hands down.  You will not recognize your car when you get it back.  It is like having the same car the day you picked it up from the showroom.  Fantastic staff and business! You will not be disappointed. I love this place." This is the only place I go to take my car...  Fabulously thorough and hands on this  vintage style car wash has a lot of charm. The friendly staff and smartly sassy owner makes me feel like part of the family.  making them look years newer.  They even popped a dent out of the roof of our car that had been bugging me for weeks (angry soccer coach and a referee son).  It's a little out of my way for regular visits but I definitely will be back for a thorough clean."  some rude woman who denied they did anything and refused to accept responsibility for the damage after they couldn't fix it. So......get your car washed at your own risk. Any damages Overall I feel like this is a good place to come and just have the surface of your car washed unless you want to pay big bucks to actually see a difference in the inside of your car.  Make sure you check your car before leaving to ensure they have actually cleaned everything." Terrible car wash!!! Avoid at all cost!!! Put a dent in my car and won't take responsibility. Worst car wash ever. "These guys always do a thorough job. My rig looks good every time. Really great value in a car wash.  Been there with my old VW van "After 6-7 washes this year they tell me my truck is too big to send through the wash. Its not like my truck has gotten any bigger over the last few months... I get the same BS everytime I go. ""Your truck is too big"" So P.S. I work at an insurance company. I spoke to an appraiser and found out that places should really be doing a dry shampoo to avoid screwing up the foam bits they have under your carpets and inside your seat." "Not impressed! I really wanted to like this place because it was voted a New Times best for a couple of years but I was very disappointed. I brought my new car in for its first wash after taking it to Cali for the weekend and having the front covered in bug goo from the drive. So I got my car back and noticed on the front bumper there were still bug guts left there. Also My wife and her family are long term users of Los Olivos and I recently had my first experience with them.  Probably the best car wash I've been to.  Friendly service and they definitely care about doing a good job; we didn't pay for detailing but they ran my car back through the vacuum more then once to get rid of the tons of dog hair.  The owner is obviously hands on and was there overseeing things when we were there.  A locally owned independent biz I'm glad to be able to recommend.  but not today.  After waiting for an hour for a basic wash I went outside to check on my car only to find it finished and parked off to the side.  I had waited in the inside waiting room the entire time never to be told my car was done.  This was odd given the older woman running the cash register noticed me several times as various other cars were being called.  Odd too that the outside attendants didn't repeat to the cashier that the car was done after seeing it just sitting there for an extended period of time.  After tracking down the outside attendant who had the key fob for the car "Been here a number of times before and have never been overly pleased with how the inside of my car was cleaned and frankly it appeared that they had almost passed over cleaning the inside all together. Yet I wouldn't come back. I think I will try the self service place on 7th Ave and Van Buren St -- you drive through a car wash but you can vacuum the inside yourself. I would do a better job than the vacuumers at Los Olivos"  it's one of those places where I don't feel like I have to strip my car of all possible valuable items or papers with personal info when I get out and hand the keys over." TIP: check in on yelp for two dollars off a hand wash" Again kudos to Rick as a gentleman and professional.  If this was his site alone I could raise my review substantially." "This place is way overrated!!! They let ur car sit for 5-10 minutes before they even start to dry it.  By this time the water spots are already dry and they miss spots in the front or sides all the time.  Their armor all has gone down as well.  They used to have the best tire gloss that would last for 10 days  and payed for it myself to show him how good this place is. When he picked up his car they jammed his key in the ignition and could not get it out. They took no responsibility for it and the owner told us it's not her problem. Then when we took it to honda to get fixed While it was 49.99 for the wax and buff i highly recommend it.  the wax guy was careful and thoughtful.  It looked great. I'm going to keep looking for a good car wash place I will never return to this location" They also messed with my side mirror and gave me a huge blind spot which I didn't notice until driving! I'm really impressed and will def. be using this place for all my car washes. Thank you Los Olivos for a job well done!" The rubber floor mats in my FJ are hooked into a c-hook to maintain placement. The brainiac who cleaned my car ripped the mounts out of the floor to remove and clean them. It's pretty obvious how to remove them without DESTROYING the mounts so needless to say I'm not pleased with this service "This is an excellent HAND car wash. They have an excellent staff with superb customer service. Their staff always gives you prompt and courteous attention Brought my car in last weekend for the supreme wash option. I have been going here for years...never a disappointment. My car looks like new and smells great every time. The employees are always courteous and pleasant. Try them and you will be hooked!  when I got back in my car it REEKED of body odor from whoever had been working on the interior.  It was so bad I had to roll my windows down while driving They pay high attention to detail which comes across in the quality of their work. If you want a job well done do not rush them. If I was giving a rating compared to other car washes I would give it 5 stars but let's face it none are perfect and the experience of waiting around is never that fun.  Overall they have great prices and they make my car shine. Been going here for a year now no complaints .they do a great job.I will continue to do business with them .  reasonable prices and I always leave with my car sparkling clean." Today was extra special because they're celebrating their 25 year anniversary and giving out free car washes to every 25th patron. Guess who scored? Felt like a total douchesquid though for being on the phone when I rolled up in the line. Whoops! Thanks for the wash though! My little car thanks you too!"  Friday afternoon. Good prices and you can get a $2 coupon on yelp. Drive through car wash Li5LOL873Ep8HoPRML18sw Los Olivos also has a shoe shining service available for all those that are stopping by during lunch from work." Good service but damm shit mother fuckers do they take a long ass time to dry your car.  Bring your lunch and be prepared to wait.  what I go back? Probably but I would plan ahead. I would either bring work with me or I would have a coworker drop me off and then go back for my vehicle later!"  you get 2 bucks off. You're welcome." "I started going to Los Olivos for car washes years ago bc they're a sponsor of the Mercury (the WNBA team)  I asked them for a exterior detail. They charged me 150 dollars for an ""oversize  SUV"" when in fact I had a little Land Rover What the hell kind of business are you running? They also claim to have a warranty on the tint  a great car wash at a reasonable price. Los Olivos is committed to making each customer happy and satified. Give Los Olivos a try you won't be disappointed."  $6 car wash (if you just get the bare-bones external wash) and at worst  it was busy and I didn't have to wait too long.  I will be going back for sure." Li5LOL873Ep8HoPRML18sw I would recommended this car wash if you happen to be in the area I highly recommend Los Olivos Car Wash and look forward to being their customer for a very long time."  they even take my carseat out to vacuum under it"  but our car was done in a VERY responsible time. It was also no problem getting the $2 discount once I showed it to the cashier. For sure I'll be back!" They're a great local business who offer good service and I recommend them highly."  ""NOBODY can fix that"" you'll just have to get it repainted.   My miracle came when God led me to ""Los Olivos Hand Car Wash "" team of professionals led by ""Mr. Librado"" who did a miraculous job of bringing my Praise Mobile's paint back from the ""Dead"".  If you drive a ""Praise Mobile"" I highly recommend the ""Los Olivos Hand Car Wash "" team of professionals who will turn your ""Hopeless End into Endless Hope"" when you see the priceless "Honest employees here! Having just gotten back from a road trip my husband and I got our wires crossed and ended up leaving $360 sitting in the side pocket of the car.  When we returned to pick up the car they let me know about finding the money and had it locked away for me.  Try finding that type of honesty in this day and age.  Needless to say we left a great tip and will be back again "Slow. ... slow. .... so slow.  Even when no one else is here. 40 min and counting  you couldn't even tell the exterior was black. the inside was worse -- kids had often ridden with me and there were stains on the seats and the doors. i'd been in a similar situation a few months before and had brought my car to another carwash in phoenix that is manipulative about air filters and really not that thorough in any interior detailing. los olivos is on the other extreme  so I sat in the lot for 15 min while it dried.  Not a day later and it was all over the side of the truck. So I came in to have them wash the outside of the truck and explain the situation the older lady writing the tickets told me that she would take care of it and upon the truck being finished they told me that I had to pay. I explained there must be a confusion as I was told it was being taken care of. They then say they do not give free car washes. After explaining that I would get two cars washed here one time a week each. that is a hundred and four car washes per year "Been going there forever and always see the same employees...must be a nice place to work!  Anyway Been coming here since I got new wheels and they do a great job keeping my car looking new!  locally owned and operated. Generations of my family have been coming to this wash. Definitely the best in town. Reasonably priced Great car wash with good prices! Plus you can get a shoe shine while you wait! I'll be bringing in my dress shoes to be shined tomorrow! Norma did a really great job on a customer's shoes while I was waiting!" Great detail work.  I took in my vehicle that had scratches along the side of it from off roading.  They were able to get 90% of it out.  The vehicle looked like a new suv when I picked it up.  No complaints.  I would definitely take it back. Came by to get the car washed. They did a really good job. I have dogs and they got all of their out. Anyone that has has time constraints - leave a little extra time - it takes longer because they clean better!  LOTS better than any car wash chain I've been to in the E and SE valley." "Literally slowest car wash ever both times I've been here. Gave it second chance thinking first time may have been unusually busy. And I understand being busy but the guys drying the cars are in slow motion This place kicks rocks man!! I hadn't had my vehicle washed in over 2 years except when I got my oil changed (exterior only) and dude got really excited to know I chose them. Great customer service. You get above and beyond what you pay for!!!  friendly service. My go-to car wash in Phoenix. I drove across Phoenix and 15 minutes out of my way to come here!"  $6 car wash (if you just get the bare-bones external wash) and at worst The wait was very long. I admit it was a Sunday afternoon though. I thought that they didn't do a great job on the interior. The seats weren't  wiped down very well and the cubbyholes from my drink holder were not cleaned at all as well as the leather around my gearshift. The guys work very hard and as fast as they can.  but it seems that there are more cars then staff so the wait is super long. The cars are drying in the sun before they can really wipe them down. Again I have been here in the past for full details where I leave the car and come back later and pick it up in a few hours.  But this time was insane.  It took a full hour for an exterior $12 wash and interior vacuum    Not pleasant to sit in the hot Phoenix sun waiting for a Prius to get a basic wash.  We will stick to clean freak car wash for the weekly washes and Los Olivis for the major drop off details every few years.   Please hire more staff or I feel you will loose more customers.  he had something sharp on the sole of one of his shoes as he ""stepped up"" to dry the water off the top of the car. I didn't notice the scratches until I was filling up with gas at a Q-T about a half-hour later. Upon returning and having the owner and the manager take a closer inspection to the multitude of scratches  but what are they thinking?  It's a car wash for gosh sakes. Unfortunately I will not be back." I have come here several times and they have good specials. They are normally very good. Be forewarned that they can be extremely slow and unorganized. so far today has been 45 and they still have not started the final clean.  So if it looks busy come another day unless you have an hour to sit in the heat. 1 hour and 15 mins later. It Looks great.  Argh  this shouldn't be long. We had purchased a complete wash (the most expensive wash) on the menu. What we got is a hack job with an HOUR AND FIFTEEN MINUTE WAIT!! What the hell kind of business are you running? To put the cherry on top of things  but I won't be coming back anymore."  the good lord knows I do not want to wash my own car in the middle of hot desert Phoenix day!" This is the very first time I had my car washed here and I loved it. I was more than 100% satisfied with the service and they did an excellent job with my car. I will definitely be returning. A big Thank you Los Olivos staff.  but I just wanted to leave so I said thank you and was on my way. I think it goes without saying that I'll be washing my own car from now on."  and my car cannot go into those machines that pull your call along because that messes up my rim and/or tire. They use that same machine and hand wash the car as it moves along the track. So I still had to pay extra to do a side wash and pay for the wax as well. So it was a little more that I was expecting." Pretty good place to get a car wash. The people who vacuum could do a better job but hey they work hard and they deal with a lot of cars.  I will definitely return here!! I love that they are approachable and honored my requests and suggestions right away. I'm not super picky but I do expect a good job for a $25 wash. I also like the hand wash over the machines since I already got scratches from machines on my new truck. The only thing I would suggest is inspect your vehicle prior to driving off and point out anything that was missed. Be polite and they will fix it. I will recommend to friends and family." Everyone is super nice and friendly!"  this is your place!! Very detail oriented and the staff is always nice and all the staff really hussle but do it right!!" I went back today because the dealer jacked up my car by trying to buff some stuff out. I paid 100 for the detail. My ride looks brand new. I mean brand new. I'm so very happy that I gave them another chance. Great job!" Wow. Amazing service and quality. Wow wow wow wow wow wow amazing service. Unbeatable "Have been going to Los Olivos for years ... they are the only ones I let near my precious babies!  My Challenger desperately needed a spa day In a city full of automated washers and poor service Los Olivos is the city's best hand car wash place. Having a bike rack limits ones options for a clean car. Los Olivos always scrubs down and under the roofline. They never take a play off!  good deals but the only thing Is that sometimes we have to wait outside and they don't have a mister system." "I have had THE best customer service here- after a bit of a misunderstanding "Other cars were being dried whiles ours sat until we said something. There were 3-4 dryers on the smaller cars and at first no one on ours then only 2 and we have a big truck. Then when we got in the truck Have been coming here for over a year! I appreciate the Hand car wash and the friendly atmosphere. I always see the same staff here. I think that is a great sign!  I need to make a shoutout to Jovel.  She is the first person you usually see when you drop your car off (very smart move).  She is such a joy and really makes you feel welcomed and like you're a valued customer.  I don't usually gush this much on my Yelp reviews but Los Olivos is a very special place.  Keep up the good work!" A waste of 15 dollars.  Came here early this morning and thought it would be quick.  Not even close.  My car sat outside and dried for 20 minutes.   There were water spots everywhere.   I was told that I could go through again.  Not a chance in hell would I wait another half hour for probably the same result.  I used to come here faithfully but I have to say this is my last time. These guys do a good job. But don't come here if you don't have 90 minutes or more to spare. First time and it was a great experience from the very beginning to the end.  The cashier was extremely friendly and helpful.  Love how detailed they are when they wash and dry each and every car.  I expected an hour or so  however they have the process down so well that it only took 25 minutes.  I highly recommend this place Her ""solution"" to this was to give me a coupon for $5 off my next carwash  there are some benches and tables along with a few chairs in the shade.   They do not allow people to leave the car and walk somewhere for the time being; one must stay with the car the entire time."  keep an eye on the quality of the service. I always see a guy that seems like he ""ok's"" the service right before you pick it up. Maybe he needs to pay more attention to detail before they finish and return the vehicles. It's not good when the customer has to correct you and tell you how to do your job better. It's also not fun waiting an hour (on average) for your car to be done Outside of that it is great."  I asked the young man for a towel and spray bottle. At least 3 customers watched me as I cleaned the inside of my car...each of them calling the manager and showing him the same thing I showed him...poor work. I wish Los Olivos the best. I drove 5 miles out of my way but I am in search of a new place. Farewell P.S their employees are wonderful :)" This used to be my favorite place. I am so done...the quality of work is horrible." They do a decent job...when they get around to your car."  but wait times are incredibly long. Takes an hour to get washed and dried so don't come on Sunday's if your schedule is tight." This place kicks rocks man!! I hadn't had my vehicle washed in over 2 years except when I got my oil changed (exterior only) and dude got really excited to know I chose them. Great customer service. You get above and beyond what you pay for!!! Forgot what it was like to see out of clean window and in clean mirrors. "Poor customer service & lack of tracking when you arrive. Slow working team! What normally takes 30 minutes for a car wash took over 55 minutes. Thinking that it was busy I would have given this car wash 5 starts because they do a great job on your car. What pushes it to 3 stars is the 45+ minute wait just to get your car washed. I only come to this car wash if I have time to kill. Unfortunately not many car wash facilities down town to choose from.  ended up being an hour and only a so-so job of washing my ride. Won't be back." Li5LOL873Ep8HoPRML18sw "I trust no other car care center with the cleaning of my car but Los Olivos.  The staff is always courteous and because they hand wash your car tried this car wash today they do good job of washing your car but it's not really a true hand car wash they still run the car tru a tunnel that sprays water they just wipe it down the car is still pulled so if you have low profile tiers I wouldn't go there and they have a blower to dry the car witch I don't like because things can get in and hit you car and like many people say it does take some time to get the car back but I would go hare before a regular car wash anyday and there cheaper too  my car turned out great. I was happy with the outcome of the wash and will most likely be returning  which means I have unlimited use for 13 months!! And I believe the cost was something like $200.  As long as you get your car/ truck washed a lot "The outside - EXCELLENT. The inside - horrible. It's bad when you have to go back home to complete the job that the car wash should have done. In addition I've recommended to friends && family!! :)." I say I would try it .... Wont be back again.... Slowest car wash ever. I waited for over an hour. Very unorganized "This place definitely lacks good customer service and organization. I believe a better calling system when cars are ready should be implemented. The guy that called my car mistook my optima for a corolla so I waited quite a while before realizing my car was ready. The girl at the front desk agreed that my car was never called and only a corolla was repeatedly called. After much drama that could've simply been avoided with an immediate apology instead of yelling that he called it twice "What can I say. If I could give this place zero stars I would. First off I have been coming here for a couple years. They don't do the best washes but im usually in the area saturday mornings so I stop in and get a wash on my truck. I came in today and it's the reason for my review. My problem now? I show up and the ticket lady tells me that my tires won't fit in th tracks. It didn't seem to be a problem the past couple years. I asked if they got new tracks and she said no but they don't allow my type of vehicles in the wash. After she tells me that she tells me that I have to buy $40 ""side wash"". We argued for a bit because of the fact that for 2 years it wasn't a problem. The she asks me who wrote the tickets? YOU DID! They argued with me for a bit just to try to force me to pay their stupid side wash. Fuck that. What do I look like a sucker? Nope. Not me. I told them to get out of way so I can leave. They will never see a dime from me ever. They better miss me with that bullshit. Plus the ticket lady was very unprofessional. She gave me attitude from the get go when she started asking about my tires. Fuck this place" "I give them two stars because they did clean the inside okay-ish. But the outside had tons of water spots and wasn't done very well. They were super busy so I suppose the water dried before they had a chance to dry it  and seeing it on Man vs. Food. Its not all what it cracks up to be.  its on the street and you have to pay. It close to the baseball stadium too.  and the mechanic came out to help me back out of a tight parking lot. Anyone can perform an oil change and fluid flushes  just leak in hose. Same with sealing sleeve -- no leaking transmission fluid.  Replaced strut mounts and hoses and price was $470 -- a lot better than my $3200 price given to me at Chapman.  This has happened several other times too with Chapman where I was given very high costs for repairs only later to learn items weren't broken or needing service."  honest assessments.  It seriously does not get better than this.  I live in Scottsdale and this place is worth the drive!" OceUtK4lKAziifRdkRh4Dg I took my Mini to Bavarian Auto after being at the dealership and having a less than fantastic time there. I absolutely love the mechanics at Bavarian. They had the weird issue on my car - which turned out to be a nail stuck in the ABS - solved within an hour and were completely honest on what dealership recommendations actually needed to be taken care of right away. I have had a few other issues with my car over the past year and have been able to call them and get honest advice right away. I highly recommend this shop to anyone with a Mini or BMW! *For the record it's not a pig stye. it's homey and comfortable... Like a family's refrigerator with the kids' drawings and good grades on it."  a fraction of what the dealer would have charged and no doubt with much better and personal customer service.  They kept me posted on progress and completed the work sooner than expected.  Ray was just terrific to work with and though I will continue to do my own regular maintenance I realized last month it was time to walk away from the shiny showroom and free coffee after Chapman BMW on Camelback refused to complete repairs covered under the CPO warranty (thanks to their liberal definition of ""normal wear and tear"").  I'm glad I've found a place that will help ease the transition back into paying for maintenance and repairs."  well worth the visit. My m is singing to a new tune. That's for being patient on my flywheel."  and I will be first to admit that Ray does know his stuff when it comes to cars. But overall I was somewhat disappointed with the service I was given and will be moving on to find a better fit for me."  but if you have a MINI that's outside its warranty These guys do a great job at a fair price. After my warranty expired or non warranty issues for my 325I. I would only let Bavarian motors off of 16th St. service my car. No job to small and they always answer my calls and take my questions. Up front pricing. They honored their one year warranty when my gasket failed 11 months later. I'm always glad to see this shop get the jobs and get them done. Even if I wait to have my car serviced for minor or large issues no sweat off my back. You can leave the car there. I been a customer since 2008. What a great businessman.  The result -- I will use them in the future OceUtK4lKAziifRdkRh4Dg  honest job. The car often needs less than BMW says it does. Bavarian tells you straight what is really necessary & charges a very fair price. Go to them over the dealership every time. Highly recommend them."  and I assure you it will be my last. These people forget that if you work at a service shop  well-priced service! I'm so glad I found them because working with Chapman BMW is a nightmare! Bavarian even gave me instructions over the phone on how to change the battery in my keyless entry remote when Chapman wanted my vin number just to let me know if it was possible to change the battery. Thank you Bavarian Motors... you rock my face off!!!"  they are courteous. The customer service and knowledge shown here is a pleasant surprise in what is typically an unpleasant space (independent repair shops). Randy OceUtK4lKAziifRdkRh4Dg  so I relied on their reviews for a BMW shop.  The reviews for Bavarian Motors LTD. were excellent.  I went to Bavarian Motors for a question and answer visit.  The guys at Bavarian Motors were very friendly and knowledgeable about old and new BMW's.  I was impressed with how clean and organized the service bays were and the attention given to detail.  I was very pleased with the service and the price of my oil change." OceUtK4lKAziifRdkRh4Dg  a 30 minute drive away. I will only have his shop take care of my Mini Cooper even though there is a dealership 5 minutes away." I really enjoy the security and peace of mind that I feel when I have my 325iC serviced or repaired at Bavarian Motors LTD.  When I drive away I feel that everything was done correctly and that my BMW is dependable.  I also like that they ask me if I have any questions about my car.  The customer service at Bavarian Motors LTD. is first class. I don't remember the last time I took my car to a shop as I was a service technition for a number of years. We recently moved and do not have a garage currently. We had a massive leak on my wife's x5. After talking to a number of shops I chose to bring it here. David was straight forward and didn't try to sell me a line. Highly recommended. OceUtK4lKAziifRdkRh4Dg  knowledgeable and helpful. Knew a lot about the special needs for the Nissan Murano. Dropped off for the installation and they called when it was completed. Mark even made sure he meet with me to explain everything before I left. I would definitely recommend. Only reason I would not give 5 stars was because when I was in the store it took them awhile to acknowledged that I was standing there waiting. But Mark was awesome."  and got home to find that they had charged my Visa card an extra separate charge of $50. When I called the manager (Hector)  we found two bottles of water waiting for us. It was a refreshing treat on the triple digit day. The units are very clean and secure. I will probably write another update after we have rented here for awhile  UHAUL. Don't use this location." I can't say enough how impressed I was with this manager. I had rented a motorcycle trailer for the week to come visit my brother in Phoenix and ride Arizona on days he worked. I showed up and asked if I could keep the trailer at this store/location for the week due to parking and theft issues. The manager was more than happy to help me and allowed me to keep my trailer on his site for 4 days free of charge. It's the little things that make a company great! I called manager Terry at the 39th street and McDowell location and he fixed it all up for me. I was given a 20' U-haul with less than 11  $100 less than Dale's Body & Paint quoted) and I would recommend MAACO at 2124 E Van Buren St to anyone looking for a paint job. I'd also recommend they make sure their employees know their actual store hours and update their website. :)" Never Never Never bring your car to Maaco. Youll be sorry you did."  made honest recommendations and completed the repair in the time he told me at a lesser price than originally told.  My parents recommended them since they have used this shop for 2 other minor instances and received good service as well." She looks almost new.  I am so happy that US Auto Body and Paint is around to number 1: take my payments and allow me two years to put my paint job on ""Lay-Away"" and 2: do a no pun intended "He charged me more than 1000 bucks to change a bank 1 catalytic converter on an 02 camry. When the engine light kicked back on a month later I took it back to get it checked and he said it was bank 1 (not remembering ever changing 1) that was causing the problem. I showed him the reciept with the warranty and he checked it again and said it was bank 2. I took it somewhere else and they said it didn't even looked like he changed the catalytic converter  so I pulled in and right away Mr. Medina walked out to talk to me. I explained my problem with the vehicle never mentioning my past experience with the ""Pros"". I was expecting to again wait inside the office area and to be told later the problem and part or parts that needed replacing. To my surprise he told me to wait next to my vehicle while he got his scanner. I immediately asked him what the charge would be to just scan the computer (been charged before at the other businesses) ""No charge"" he says. I was very surprised. He actually took the time to explain to me what was going on with the scan processes. Again Ernesto is the best!! He always takes care of not only my car needs but my friends and family. I wouldn't take my car to any other mechanic. Fair and honest family owned business! Love this place. Thank you Ernesto:) Ernesto is very professional and helpful. I took my car in to have the thermostat replaced. His price was far better than the other garages I checked with. I will definitely be taking my car to him for future repairs. "I have been coming to the auto shop for ten years and will not take my car anywhere else.  These guys are honest and friendly.  I was referred by a friend to Woody's after receiving an outrageous quote from another shop and Woody's not only fixed my issue but informed me that the other shop was not being truthful about what was wrong.  I saved $600!!!   Since then "I've been taking my car to Woody's for years and never fail to have a great experience. The staff is great  honest service. The staff is fabulous and always attentive For less that a third ($35) of what she paid new for each of  the other three coincidentally matching tires  the quote was 1195.  Knowing that I couldn't spit that right out I asked what parts could wait.  The lady on the phone was very nice and told me that I only had to replace a few hoses and of course the dreaded belt.  By doing so it lowered it to 500 and something.  She felt my pain though and gave me a 10% discount..for what I don't know  which isn't the biggest deal...it's that I don't want to pay for having to take it back.  I have had so much better service from this place in the past...and now they let me down :( The lady who originally quoted me  if you can even call it that. Autozone does it for free with purchase and I thought most places did too. Not these Pep Boys. I should have went elsewhere but my car needed it bad. Oh well... live and learn."  go shop somewhere else for better services."  never had to do this before after it was all done cost were around $300 total. Now 3rd time acceleration issues and I really didn't want to go back to them but my repair shop was closed. So begrudgingly I did pep boys on 24th and mcdowell.as i waited waited for them to replace it i noticed every mechanic in shop surround my car.they locked my keys in the car.i had to wait and extra 20 minutes for them to get a locksmith out.but in the end they gave me 50% off my battery and free oil change next time.not too bad!!!:)"  but the guys at the front desk were helpful and attentive.  Too bad it ended there."  and letters to Jae. He was unwilling to admit any fault. Go somewhere else for work on your car. Hopefully there are other shops are more helpful and honest."  they even gave me 10% off my bill and signed me up for Rewards so I could get additional discounts.  It took almost double the time they estimated which is the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5.  I've had bad experiences with Pep Boys in the past (Technicians doing work that wasn't necessary/authorized and then the Manager refusing to take it off the bill) but I feel comfortable dealing with Teresa and Ramiro.  I'll definitely come back!"  Jae. It was a quickie and price was right. He checked if he could turn my rotors for only $13.99 but they were out of spec so I bought new ones and he even gave me a 10% discount. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes. I will definitely drive out of my way to go to this location from now on. They rock! :)"  so I always need help when in a car parts & accessories store. I needed windshield fluid and a few other small items and Jae was very helpful in answering my questions and finding me the right products without trying to convince me I needed anything extra and ridiculous. The store was clean and no one was standing around when I went. The best part is they also price match!"  because only 'someone' else knows. Took three individuals to figure out who was going to help me check out at the register Go somewhere else for work on your car. Hopefully there are other shops are more helpful and honest."  they had an online coupon I could use right from my phone as well to save me even more. I brought it in on a weekend and they went above and beyond to locate the parts needed to get the job done that same day so I could drive to work on monday. Their customer service was excellent. I left very happy that I had taken it in for the second opinion Had my oil changed here the other day and they were very efficient and helpful. "Got new tires for my car and had an alignment done. service was very good and the guys were really nice and helpful. I love the fact that they price match  lalalala I see a pep boys sign like a mirage in the desert. I never realized pep boys fixed flat tires but I figured it was worth a shot and was super happy that they did! I pulled right in and there was a small wait (probably a good thing...I may have been nervous if they had no customers) but the wait was fine and I had Facebook timelines to stalk. The manager (I assume he was the manager at least?) was super nice and assured me that I didn't break my car. They were fast "My car was overheating and the closest place I could think to take it was this Pep Boys. Let's make a long story short...they quoted me almost $700 because ""all of my hoses needed to be replaced"" along with my thermostat and a coolant flush. Not to mention they were going to charge me EXTRA for a warranty on the parts which is absolutely ludicrous. After talking to a trusted mechanic (who doesn't live in AZ) I took it for a second opinion to Shadow Mountain Auto Service. It was a bit of a drive but I made it. After all  parts and labor. When I picked my car up the cashier told me that the compressor was $650.00. The labor is what brought it up to $2235.00. I talked to many friends who suggested I check out either Amazon or EBay for a brand new compressor then take to a local mechanic for installation. BRILLIANT! I purchased a brand new air compressor for my car for $115.00 from Amazon with free shipping. I then took that up to Angel's Auto Repair and they charged me $300.00 to install and that included the freon. I don't understand why Pep Boys charged so much but I appreciate the honesty and integrity from Angel's Auto Repair. My air is nice and cold now!"  i did a quick search on their website and found a long list of coupons!! I love my coupons. Service was quick and friendly. Oil change with coupon was $24.99  painless experience which is normally not the case when it comes to dealing with anything involving my car. Now I'm ready for a safe ride and any weather we might hit. :)"  but they were closed and decided to go to Pep Boys down the street. We walked in and had the best service from Don Myers. He came out to check the tire and found out it wasn't repairable. They are open until 8 and were booked Had to get my car towed and they waited after hours to make sure I got there safely. Went above and beyond to assist me and breakdown all my options of repair.  Service rep Arny is awesome (don't know spelling) but great service! Definitely recommend. Shortly after posting this review someone from Pep Boys requested I email them about the situation at hand. Would you guess I received NO response?! What a crock. Save yourself and do not bring your car to THIS Pep Boys Service Center!  I bought this last 2007 and had a great ride with until recently. So I seeked Pep Boys for some help and they looked into my car. They're good at communicating with their customers; the charges where reasonable and it just blew me away. The  person who repaired my car was very good because he taught me a lot of things to avoid having problems with my car. He also taught me how to know if my car is already in need of repairs. After the job was done Knowledgable enough to get what I need"  to the point and polite. Can't ask for more. I plan on coming back to this location for future maintenance repairs."  I had some minor body damage and Anthony gave me multiple options for how to fix including an option/advice for what to say if I wanted a body shop to repair.  I ended up getting some stuff from the store and car looks great.  Ken and Anthony you got me to spend $200 dollars and I walked out feeling like I got a deal.  I work in finance and I'm hard to impress but these guys were impressive.  Great job!!!" Help fix what another shop ruined  not totally disgusting but definitely not somewhere I would visit unless you really have to go. You have to ask for the key at the front."  so I agreed to this and was on may way after about an hour and a half. That was good. What wasn't so good was that they failed to let me know that the tire they put on is not a run-flat tire. That's not a good thing for my car - an '06 BMW 330i. This car requires run-flat tires as it has neither a spare tire nor a place to put one. (BMW has received many earfuls of complaints on this  the tire that I had put on in Phoenix did not hold air well. It was losing about 5 psi every couple of days. I took it to a Pep Boys here in Sacramento and they determined that there was a small piece of rubber between the tire bead and the rim that was preventing it from sealing perfectly. The fixed it at no charge and with no fuss. Good on them. Second Thanks Romero for giving me the best deal for my SUV because I needed that oil change!!  there's no charge"" and I was on my way...WOW..I was going to pay and just cut my time as a loss because shit happens. They made it right and I didn't even complain once about a single thing  said he didn't want me leaving with my tire like that and would take care if it right away. 35 minutes later I drove away with a new tire and feeling very cared for. Thanks guys  ""should i follow.. or...?"" He made no further comments and looked at me as he left and grabbed my car and pulled it in. I was unsure if i could leave or not. He walks in and walks past me without saying anything. I walk to the employee area he went to and waited. Upon his leaving the room to come back to the front i asked if i was okay to go. He simply says of course. Okay?? How about some courtesy and let me know but it was a real inconvenience not having my car for long periods of time. They did fix my issue  trying to take advantage of people.  Caveat emptor!" "I have been bringing my cars to get serviced at this location for years and I have always gotten great service.  Today was no exception  he is a true poetic soul and yes his shop fixes things very well and for a reasonable price. Ask nice and he may make you an expresso. Note all the cool cars and happy people who go to him. Tell him how much you have and Sal will fix it to your ability. He is always more than fair. He is a big savior to the Somali community in the area as he fixes all their broken cars. Going to J and S is like attending a summit at the U.N. You will score big points if you speak Sicilian."  efficient and I will continue my 25 plus year tradition and bring my cars for repair  to J and S!" I wouldnt take my car anywhere else.  They were so nice and didnt charge me and arm and a leg like other places.  The great thing about this place is that they are honest allowing me not too worry about them chaging me for things i dont need.  I would recomend this place to anyone that is have car troubles small or large.  another update. Sal is back! J and S Auto Service is now J and S Automotive and it is the same as always Thank you Sal for being an honest mechanic!  My car broke down and was towed to a shop that estimated my repairs at $1200-$1400.  I called Sal and he said that did not sound right.  I had my car towed to him and he repaired my car for $360 and did not lie like the other guys about unneeded repairs.  I have taken my car here numerous times and will continue in the future.  Highly recommend! 0LD0aZOFBDUF6KlZN2HUKw  you won't regret it." This is the only place I will take my car.  John is honest and fair in his pricing.  He does a great job and I am so glad I found this auto shop. R5zU2QNqKW9U2CRePh-bEQ "John has been doing business here for decades.  Very honest.  The place is a hole in the wall John has been my mechanic since 1989. He will never be rich becuz he's just too dang honest! I have sent him many clients and they all agree: he's TOP NOTCH! Don't waste your money; go see John! I agree with the other reviews.  John and his team do great work.  I was having trouble passing emissions and I took my car to the Hyundai dealer twice with no success.  John looked at it and within 5 minutes was able to tell me exactly what was wrong.  No gimmicks and great prices.  I trust him 100%. NUR1pLEwUETAvcW_1rfGFw "I have been taking my vehicles to Terry for years. Even though I live in Queen Creek I go take them all the way into Phoenix because I trust Terry and he has always been good to us. If you need a fair mechanic you can trust  and honestly if I were to move to another state I would want to take him with me because it is very hard to find a good mechanic. You can't go wrong with Terry's Tire and Auto!!" I have nothing but good things to say about Terry  timely and friendly. Got us in the same to do a pre buy inspection. They did a thorough job while we waited and we left with peace of mind about the vehicle we were purchasing. We signed up for email service reminders and will definitely be back." NUR1pLEwUETAvcW_1rfGFw the owner is always in the shop and not only does the owner but the other employs get to know you on a first name bases. They are friendly down to earth. They get you the best work and best price better then any other shop. They get down to what's wrong with your vehicle and get it done fast but done right. I know they can work on any brand type make year because I have a 2003 ford crown vic   competitive prices - very knowledgeable. I would recommend them to anyone."  an auto repair shop that I can trust! I have been taking my car here for a while based on a recommendation I received. I always feel confident that they are being honest with me and I always receive excellent service. It doesn't  hurt that they leave a piece of candy in my car when I pick it up :-)!" Since writing this review I have received a phone call from them making sure that I was satisfied with their service and received a thank you card in the mail. They continue to impress me. When was the last time you got that level of service from anyone?"  was not a problem. Thank you so much for Honest and Good Service. I know I will be taking my car back there for all my repairs.  They have great Oil Change prices and a percentage off your service for referring a friend. All around great family feel place." I saved over $700 by having them do the work and not the first overpriced shop."  they told me I had a horrible coolant leak. I explained that's what I had gotten fixed back in January. They told me it was going to cost me more money for them to figure out where the leak was coming from. I refused to let them touch my car. I brought it to another mechanic to find out the ""leak"" was a $2.00 fix. A metal clamp that holds the hose in place was loose. If the mechanics at Dean's can't spot a loose metal hose clamp "Do not go to DEANS auto repair unless you want to waste half your day and receive a bill you pay to get your car back that is a poor opinion of  what needs to be repaired.  What a joke this place has the b**** to charge $135 to open the hood for a few minutes and sit on the car for an hour and call you back to say you need to clean out your gas lines Trustworthy. Thorough. Dependable. Tucked on the corner of 32nd Street and Oak this longtime Central Phoenix repair shop has been my go-to for about 4 years. They get to know their customers and the cars they drive and never ever upsell. If you don't really need a repair they'll tell you it can wait. They'll give you a ride to work and pick you up when your vehicle is done. These are good people who do good work for an honest rate.  grab keys off the unattended front counter and steal vehicles right out of their own parking lot in less than a minute.They did fix the problem with my coolant system I have heard about Dean's from several friends as well as people I work with and the company I work for go there to service our vehicles. I am able to drop it off and get a oil change come back and they make sure my car is in the best shape and I leave with a great running car with new oil and a new attitude! Thanks to everyone at Deans Auto for the amazing work and taking care of my car!  super accommodating and friendly staff-plus they do a great job. They only take cash and English is rarely spoken but where else can you get a detail for under $50?" 000 miles that looked like it earned every mile. I am getting ready to sell it so I took it here.The detail job that they did on my car is amazing. My top looked like it was faded but they cleaned it to where it is all black again. Every nook and cranny was clean. It looks so good now I hate to sell it! The best part was how inexpensive it was. Definitely give them a shot."  but you can't beat the deals. Awesome details and handwax specials. Provide TV's to watch while sitting in a massage chair as your vehicle is taken care of. No place in the Phoenix area can compete. If you show up at the right time you might even meet a couple of ball players from the Cardinals." LrPG6AgIomIrSNTcwJU5Hw "Hmmm...where to start. I'll start off saying that you can not beat the price of $9 for a car wash-complete with air freshener and armor all for your tires. Love that. I will say that the place is definitely in need of a face lift. They only accept cash for payment I was very disappointed. This was my first car and I wanted it to be an experience. Sorry guys."  Steve hooked it up. I went back and he made sure everything was on point. They washed my car and even got some of the tar spots off-free of charge. I'm a fan! Thanks The actual waiting area is not bad: there is assorted auto merchandise for sale and The other reviews are right on. This place is so weird and sketchy I would never send my wife here. The inside looks like a great place to get murdered. I prefer to sit outside thinking about which direction I'd run if shit goes down. But the people are nice and they do a thorough job on the car for a good price. BUT ONLY IF YOU HAVE CASH!  and I would not have even tried if not for the positive reviews.  I purchased the deluxe wash for $18 and it turned out to be a great deal.  Basically a full detail with wash/wax.   It took about 30 minutes (a bit longer than I would prefer)  one cuz of the way the place looks and two the area. I grew up in possibly the worst part of town back in the day so $#@! like that doesn't bother me. I stopped up cuz they came up on my yelpinator and had good reviews. They staff is cool and friendly and they have good rates.. like everyone else said CASH ONLY. The guy at the register was nice enough to let me go to the ATM down the street and bring him the money. Plus the $2 off for the check in It is now my only choice for car washes here in the Valley." You already know they do a great job here!!! And get ready for this!! THEY TAKE CC NOW! $2.00 surcharge but it's worth it not to have to go to these sketchy places on McDowell Rd. World class is the only car wash I will come to! Just take my word for it and come in!!! Try it.. Thank me later!! Great staff super friendly.  they didn't vacuum my trunk and i had to drive back after the dry to do it myself and suck up some crevices inside as well. There were also towel streaks on the windows so they need to change out towels more frequently or use a better glass cleaner. Even with those Quite a shady looking place but it is truly a hands off full service car wash/detailing place. It is a little pricey but they vacuum the interior and HAND WASH your car. No drive through! They then hand dry your car. Takes a while but its worth every dollar. "Winning!!! As always. I'm always glad to see that my reviews help people to find wonderful places like this gem in the RUFF!! Lol! Please enjoy!! I always do! Ask for Santos They did an amazing job on my car yeah it might be a sketchy place but it's cool! Oh and pay with cash cause they charge $2 to pay with bs card!  but the people here are nice and seem to care a lot about their quality of service. Will definitely be recommending and returning! Oh Wow! I'm sitting here watching them clean my SUV...I got a basic wash but it looks as if they are doing a full detail.  This was beyond all expectations. What a find on Yelp.  I'm more of a $5 car wash guy."  but it was very clean afterwards. They didn't vacuum the trunk or in between the seats and center console  and bird poop on the front and top of the car and the lights. Their air freshener lasted only a few seconds. It's not even worth the $11" "Please avoid this place at all costs. I paid for the most expansive hand wash which took 30 minutes. I watched the employee use the same towel he pulled off the dirty ground to dress the plastic with dressing AND clean the windows with the same towel. Easily  the WORST car wash ever. My windows are so smeared that I can hardly see thru them. I guess that's what happens when you use tire dressing on windows dumb asses. They take no pride in their work. Dear manager who responds to reviews  took a long time but car was spotless inside and out. I mean pristine. The deluxe is not the option for a quick wash A full details for 55 dollars u can't go wrong. I would have never stop by in this location but the reviews were great. It's in the middle of good and location is worn down. The bathrooms were clean. They did a descent job cleaning the car. They left the cup holders little dirty in the center console.  But I can't complain the price was too good to be true. I normally pay 120 at other locations and they don't even do great job. Will definitely go back in future. "I drove well out of my way to come to this car wash because of the stellar reviews and I was not disappointed. This is hands down the best car wash I have been to! The staff is very friendly and I was pleasantly surprised to find they allowed me to choose my level of wash without the obnoxious hounding for up sells or windshield fixes found at nearly every other car wash! I truly appreciated the time the employees put into the deluxe wash because my car came out sparkling clean both inside and out! Some called the location ""scary""  exterior and interior. Out of my way but well worth it. My car looks brand new every time I leave." I am so happy with them I will take the Tahoe in for the same treatment." When I stopped in I noticed several classic Mercedes in the stalls getting serviced and I know if people that trust them to work on those beauties I could trust them in the future with my car.  I will be back as I bought the car and I'll feel that my car is in great hands."  but they handle everything from basic annual services to complex engine issues. The shop is family run and customers are treated as family and as friends. They are consistently fair and reasonable with pricing and honest about what repairs truly need to be made. Fair  this is the place to take your car for service.  I was referred here by someone a couple years ago and every experience I've had with MB Motors has been outstanding.  They will take the time to tell you Bud is outstanding. He knows the brand very well and is especially adept at keeping my beloved 300CE operating properly. He also has a true love of these cars which is demonstrated by his excellent work. "Was referred to MB Motors through a friend when my car had started to stall throughout the week. Couldn't be more pleased with their service. They were quick  I can't say I'd make a habit of it when I can take it to MB Motors instead. It's a great feeling to have a mechanic you trust with such major investment. Bud is reasonably priced If you have a Mercedes and like saving money  so I brought it in. Bud was very honest and did not try to up-sell me or convince me to do any unnecessary work on my car. His communication was great  especially being a single female and not knowing much about cars or what to do."  but I will be.  Our Benz stopped working and was diagnosed elsewhere (where it was towed) as needing a new supercharger.  Desperately hoping for another (read: different) opinion PS- BUD is president of the local MBCA (benz club) so yes  he just let me decide if I wanted to let him work on it.  I saved at least $400-$500 because another shop told me its the struts  told me what I actually did and didn't need and prioritized the work that I needed done.  Have been going there ever since.  Just got a new car and will be taking it to see Bud."  he confirmed that it was a very good car with only a few problems.  He fixed the problems at very reasonable prices so that I could drive the car back to Albuquerque with no worries.  I would highly recommend MB Motors as a special shop.  Bud is honest "My engine light came because my outside temperature gauge was off. I had gotten a few estimates prior to trying coming here all for full sensor replacement for up to $400 total. When I arrived 0Xnduj9w6aYHOtN_RlHUng "MB Motors is surely the best Benz service in town.  For four years they kept my Mercedes serviced well and were always polite and fair and knew Mercedes inside out.  I sold that one 3 years ago and bought another one.  Turned out it had a unspecific odor inside the car.  I fooled with it and tried a few things and was starting to figure the exit plan for the car because I couldn't stand it.  Then I took it to Bud at MB and he looked at it for a couple of minutes and said he had seen it two times before and he thought it was worth a try to try an ionizer treatment on the inside (who's ever heard of that?).  He and Jamie called around and found on of their contacts could do it.  It is like new now!   Bud is a Wizard!  As long as I have a MBZ this is the only place to go.  Oh  was very nice AND professional.  She also did me a big favor of driving me to a place to eat considering that the pickings are slim in their ""iffy""neighborhood.  Super cool young lady.  Thanks. Jamie." 0Xnduj9w6aYHOtN_RlHUng  even better then the day I bought it. I found this business through a MB blog and then I checked M B Motors on out on Yelp to check out another 380SL I'd bought. This business was very highly rated and rightly so. I will use this M B Motors the next time there is the need."  they really are the best I have found so far in the great state of AZ.  Having owned 111s "MB Motors is the real deal. Even from the first phone call they were helpful and suggested less service than I had originally planned. So I made a reservation and they were ready to go right on time. The place was immaculate and a testament to the kind of work they do. I needed a Mercedes ML55 inspected before a long road trip and all I receivedI were straight answers and helpful adjustments. I left with the confidence to hit the road in safety and that truck was every bit as solid as they had claimed. Thanks Bud  they've got a really cool shop dog." These guys are great! Very honest and reasonable with their prices. It's not easy to find an auto mechanic that you can trust.  because I didn't want to spend the money to fix the old one. He has gone above and beyond helping me figure out where the old car should go. He's even held my car in his lot for free for 2 weeks now. I'm new to Arizona I absolutely trust these guys and without a doubt will be back anytime my car needs some work.  I strongly recommend them to anyone who is unsure about where to go for a mechanic or needs a new guy Richards Auto Clinic was great! I dropped my Jeep off that had been having issues for several months. Previously another mechanic had said that he couldn't figure out why my check engine light was on and that it was something I would just have to live with. My car was at Richards for only 2 days before he called with great news. He fixed all the issues that I was having in a timely manner and at a reasonable price. Even better- after asking if he had a military discount he gave me 10% off! Definitely head to this place if you are in the area. "I went to Richards Auto Clinic to have them take a look at a car I was considering buying. They charged $100 to make a list of some of the problems "stopped in for a leaking tire. handled me right away. found the nail One visit and you'll take your car every time  I'll definitely be back here to have the other car worked on!" It's very rare that you find a small business that still upholds that level of integrity and customer service. I'll go nowhere else for car service from now on!" These guys did a great job from start to finish. From the time I called and spoke to Ron to make an appointment to the time they handed me my keys I was impressed. Ron was fantastic and kept me informed as to what I could expect every step of the way. Prices were reasonable. The work was high quality and the customer service was outstanding. I will continue to take my vehicles to Richard's Auto Clinic. "Had a fantastic experience with this place. Had to get my brake and power steering fluids flushed and get my front headlights replaced before going on a road trip. They got me in and took me to work after dropping off the car. They also called me during the repair to let me know that my serpentine belt needed replacing and when all was said and done actually SHOWED me the old belt. As someone who isn't as car savvy as others "I recently took my Toyota Tacoma in for a blinker that wasn't working. I had to go to work and when they heard me say I'd get an Uber Tom is the best! So is the rest of the team as they all do amazing work. It is refreshing to find a nice shop that does quality work. These guys are legit. Good people. Definitely won't rip you off. Asked them to do a courtesy fluid check to make sure everything was good before I drove across the desert and Tim and Ron got me for a whole $6. Perfect pit stop!  the price they charged was fair and the work was done quickly and professionally.  Unlike most shops they did not try to upsell me anything  he did recommend this place to me. I went there and I can't remember the kids name but he was a young guy who worked there. He fixed my iPod in a matter of minutes. He said that all somehow the adapter was disconnected and it just needed to be plugged back in at no charge. I gave him some cash anyway for his honesty and great service. I will be back for any future audio needs. This place is highly recommended!" Hj4MJTYn7vUdXdkiI6JK4w Awesome job. Very happy with result. Had them fix several problems from a horrible install from a Prescott Valley installer. Will be back with future business. "Very happy with the install. Quality work Waiting to get our car fixed. Very friendly and great customer service. Clean waiting room. Great honest people!  Lance and his crew rock.   Sold me what I needed and did not try to push me into something I didn't need.  My 2003 Jeep Rubicon's system sounds awesome and did not cost a great deal. "Abe just open another location on North 7th Street.  Really honest and considerate man.  Have you every went to a auto mechanic place and he has candles and a spread of food out?  Car wash This is a scam... They're pretending to be another shop and they're really sunwest auto trying to rip you off. The real Simon and sons is a dif number and address. I was ripped off and both shops were caught in lies when confronted. Going to the better business bureaus to file complaint Garbage. They cut corners as much as possible here and I've had to come back several different times. Get it done right somewhere else the first time. I grew up helping out at my dad's mechanic shop. I can spot a good mechanic. Abe is very affordable and does quite a good job. Would come back here any time. "Excellent service and honest.. Had taken my car to several other mechanics and did not show any of them what the dealer service center said until after they told me what was needed and how much.  Not only was he the cheapest but told me what I didn't need. That was several years ago. Even though he moved further away  have had excellent results and always feel like i'm treated fairly and honestly. When the owner is the one who greets you and works on your car It is hard to find honesty in the auto repair business but I can guarantee this is the place you will find it The owner is honest helpful and wont charge you for things you do not need and when you leave his place you will feel like your car just got fixed by your best friend because tha tis how he and his staff make you feel Ac was out took it to Simons. Their customer service was excellent and I got ac now woot woot thank you Simon and sons!!! Quick fast cheap! We live in the neighborhood and Abe has been so good to us. Their shop is honest with reasonable prices. They've never tried to sell me on things I don't need or unnecessary repairs. I've been treated kindly and never been patronized. I love having a local neighborhood mechanic in a big city - we are lucky! We've been going to Simon and Sons for a long time now.  The are very honest and very professional.  They never start any work without getting your approval.  My son took a car that he was considering buying and Abe looked at it and let him know what we should do didn't charge him for the service. If it hadn't been for Abe we would have bought an unsafe car.  I do thank you for that.  We will never go anywhere else.   It's close and very convenient.  I recommend Simone and Sons. They are wonderful and they do free diagnostics.  and for all who look at the cleanliness of the garage  I am happy to have found Compu-Tech! They turned a huge inconvenience into a worry free fix. Efficient  GREAT customer service.  Even though I live in Ahwatukee my car will be serviced by Compu-Tech.  I was so totally impressed and they answered all my questions." "For the last 12 years we brought our fleet of service and delivery vehicles to Compu-Tech.  Whether it was a gas or diesel engine it really did not matter.  Sam Reynolds is the owner and has a great staff of technicians.  One of the few shops in town that really does care about the outcome with the services they provide.  They always get the trucks back on the road as quickly as possible Thanks for the great service "I will definitely be back for any and all work on my car! These guys are so nice! I am a woman and usually feel quite uncomfortable in auto shops I won't be going back." Most honest mechanics I ever met. They have the best technology there's no guessing when they diagnose. Make sure to say hi to Dario and Allen when visiting.  These guys are real pros!!!" Amazing service and quality work. The owner Dario Is a great person to work with. My BMW runs great after the  repairs  punctual and stands behind his work. He will never sell you parts that your car doesn't need. If you are looking for a place that will treat you and your car right Dario is an excellent guy to work with. Very honest and fair. Probably the only mechanic in the valley that I trust and don't have to worry about my car without. "These guys are great! The Mercedes dealer quoted $800 to fix the electric seat  it is very trustable. The German auto Quote me 1200 to replace the fuel pump issue  and I've been a loyal customer ever since. I wouldn't dream of taking my car anywhere else. Mike and Shahe are honest and treat every customer with respect  and other tips. What blew me away was his willingness to share how not to get screwed by auto mechanics who see women and young people who don't have knowledge about cars. Therefore we get charged for problems we may not have. He even gave gas mileage saving tips. He gave us gloves to touch parts of a car. We learned how to change a tire and jump start a car. To be honest "Mazvo is the best!!!  Let me tell you why!?!  I work for a local law office and help solve client's problems - callers say Mazvo is just amazing! This place is very clean and inviting. I felt like I was waiting at home. The customer service is amazing and you can't beat the prices! Thank you Shawn and Lenna for taking care of my ride. I'll continue to recommend all my friends and family to Mazvo!! So glad I did not sell it to Mazvo's craigslist friend!  I have no idea of Mazvo's motivation on this but I personally will not waste money there again." Here is a prime example of their superb customer service - I called at 8am and explained that my car was making a strange noise and that I needed to get it looked at ASAP. I also shared that I would need transportation to get to work. They had everything arranged for me when I arrived 15 minutes later.  I was able to drop off my car  but low and behold my brakes were EXACTLY the same. I went back the next day and had to argue with these dolts over why my brakes aren't different and why if I'm paying 300 dollars it should be. I finally got them to cover the labor the piece they thought to be the issue. The main cylinder apparently needed to be replaced  they got me in immediately and replaced everything for free! Great feeling knowing my money is appreciated here and that I am truly covered under warranty :)"  that is when the line of professionalism was crossed. The car works great but the customer service left much to be desired." Thank you Jose. I hate problems with my car as much as I hate problems with my computer and you made it a VERY painless experience." Decided to take my car to my regular mechanic who said there was nothing wrong.  Saved myself $350."  scrape sound every tire rotation. I took my Tundra to a real mechanic & he said everything is fine for quite a few more miles.  But that funny new sound???  It was due to the ""Just Brakes"" boys taking a crow bar (or some other tool) to the inside of the wheel  & pinching a spot down  so it rubbed on the drum.  They must think I'm dumb enough to turn right around after a couple blocks & have them fix an emergency they just created.  Give ME a break!" "Friendly staff. Jesus and Jose were great and honest !! They inspected my brakes for free. No up selling  I even made an appointment in advance) I brought a $20 off coupon with me as shown above. The employee told me that the coupon was already applied and that my total was $113. He said the extra was ""tax"". Really? $33 in tax? No. I suppose your $99 brake special already includes the coupon. Very deceiving. Not sure if I can ever bring my business back to Just Brakes. For all of you "Good service and fair prices. They are not the fastest place so be  prepared to leave your car for awhile  peace of mind knowing that I was going to be on the road safe and if I needed anything after I left the lot "After being told by the owner of the repair shop I had to take my car to because of a broken front driver side axle that I was lucky to be alive because the tech at Just Brakes neglected to tighten the lug nuts on that tire and 2 of the 4 lug nuts were stripped. I do a lot of hiway driving at speeds of 75 mph and started experiencing a bad wobble vibration in front DS wheel. I took it into a repair shop and spent over 350 dollars in repairs. That's when the owner called me to tell me that I was lucky to be alive. After complaining to JB Just Brakes did a wonderful job.  My last mechanic told me my brakes were fine even after my sensor said they needed replaced. I kept driving until I got another warning on my car that it was critical to fix my brakes.  I came to just brakes and they explained everything thoroughly.  Very knowledgable and friendly staff.  Thank you Jim and the Just Brakes Crew!   Merry Christmas TOTAL RIP OFF ! NEVER AGAIN! I genuinely cant believe people can be that dishonest!"  for a receipt and I believe additional recourse is in order.  I honestly have NEVER received such terrible service in my life.  The sad part is I have taken my car here before when the old manager was there and received phenomenal service.  I thought I had found a mechanic I could trust and that would take care of my car and myself.  I was certainly wrong.  It seems the corporate office doesn't even care about their customers. Take your car here at your own risk.  You have been warned." aun mi carro sigue roto y no quieren devolverme mi dinero ni me arreglan el carro !! por favor no caigan en su trampa!"   if they even did it at all or just charged me.  I go back and they tell me they will fix it.  I made am appointment because I am a busy single working mom.  Woke up early on my day off to make an 8am appointment.  They told me an hour and a half.  11am I called for update.  They had just started.  1pm I called for update Matt & Lance took care of my oil pan that fell off after an oil change from a previous location out of state. No questions and honored the Just Brakes quality. THANK YOU.  but a caddilac is a true investment. I got my authentic 98 aurora there and it has been going up in value ever since I drove it off the lot. IF you ever need a great wateringhole or place to grab a quick snack. go here. as good as it gets folks!"  next time I need to buy a car I will certainly keep them in mind as well as for any repairs I don't think my around the corner mechanic can't handle." E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA  I later learned I was grossly overcharged and several fasteners were left off allowing the under carriage to drag and get damaged.  I have since begun to get my Cadillac serviced at the Tempe Coulter."  despite my headaches.  They will take care of you." Coulter is a Great dealership but be weary when bring your vehicle in for repair."  took the extra time to clean off the excess oil after the repair was completed. Super happy with the whole experience and the Yukon is running perfect and no longer leaking oil on my garage. Thanks guys!!"  knowledgeable and pleasant.  Both the sale man (Lindsay) and the sales manager (Paul) were terrific.   We could not find a car that satisfied our needs.  We ended up buying at another dealership but they were very pleasant when we told them.  We will be sure to return when we are looking for a car in the future." E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA  fairly and with great transparency. The most telling thing I can say is that the quality of the sales team will make me pick this dealership and Cadillac in particular over other brands in the future." ccavin@coultercadillac.com" I will never go back under any circumstances." E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA  go to Coulter Cadillac GMC on Camelback / 12th Street every time. Cheaper and less wait time. Time is valuable and so it money. Make decisions wisely. And I have to say that sometimes cheaper means less quality I couldn't be happier with my experience at Coulter. This is the kind of dealership that earns your business for life. Thank you for a pleasant car buying experience. My wonderful 2011 GMC HD2500 needed a oil change after hauling a trailer 2500 miles.  The engine light came on and it resulted in a catalytic converter replacement.  They also noted that the windshield washer fluid tank had a crack and replaced it. Coulter has always been awesome.  I have been buying and servicing our cars there for many years.  Thank you for the excellent work.  I love my truck and it handled heavy loads and hard weather very nicely.  Thank you again - Ron Our SRX feels powerful when we drive it and butter when we sit in the seats -- the buying experience only enhanced our satisfaction when we drive it there is no tainting from a bad buying experience.  Only one sweet driving experience!" My service manager was attentive and brought me regular updates about the progress.  He also handled the ordering of parts and payment.  I didn't have to search for anyone.  It was all handled by the same person and he came to me.  Very good service."  check this place out... and safe and happy driving in the meantime!" Sigh. I wish Amazon sold cars"  the manager-who seemed like he could not care less about my business on either occasion-said we could ""move things around"" to speed it up. In all I spent close to 1.5 hours there and my bill was $90 for a $5 part and maybe 20 minutes with of labor  do you know how long until my car is ready. It's been over 1.5 hours? Let me check... Waited another 15 mins till my 100% charged IPhone had about 20% left . Finally went back outside and this time I walked into the auto area and saw my truck just sitting there. I go and let him know what's my truck doing there?  Looking puzzled  we find our fluids are low or empty.  Even our wiper blades needed replacing & they said nothing.  They replaced our front brakes resulting a horrific noise & vibration as soon as we drove out.  We took it back & they said nothing was wrong with them.  We took it to a AAA location & they fixed the problem.  Coulter needs to fix ""their problem"" because we are changing Caddy dealerships." I came in for my first oil change and update. Shawn was incredibly helpful and efficient. This is my 3rd cadillac and the service and sales department (Steve) at the Tempe location is by far the best! Thank you!! "We do not buy our cars here I am just here for a recall. Normally we're down the street at camelback Toyota. Well they must have spoiled us there because the service here sucks. Maybe it's just the one guy ""rich"" that has a poor argumentative attitude with each customer I've seen him deal with in the 3+ hours I've been waiting but I will not be returning again. If you're looking to buy a car Other Recommendations: Airpark Auto  he was extremely rude. He denied that they would do that and every time I tried to speak he would interrupt me. (SO extremely rude!) I tried to ask questions regarding their procedures multiple times and he would not let me talk. I was so frustrated and now we're having to immediately replace an expensive tire that we do not have in our budget. He kept telling me that its probably a plug they put in when they patch a tire. WELL I'm PRETTY SURE that Discount tire knows the difference between a plug and a screw they patched over. We are taking the tire back to Coulter to address it and we will see how it is handled from there. Do yourself a favor and GO ELSEWHERE!" "I have purchased 2 cars from Coulter a 2002 Cadillac deVille and a 2012 Buick LaCrosse.  Both used After going there these last few times and comparing my experience/expenses with friends that go to other dealers (Nissan  and Georgia made us a great lunch."  but no one seems to want to help.  Mine is actually out helping someone.  Now at the front desk talking to the receptionist.  What happened.  Everyone just looks at me and looks away. Technical service manager just kept looking at me ....." E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA  they did not have the part in stock but ordered it.  In the meantime they showed us how to override the problem and keep us from getting stranded again.  The problem is now solved.  Mr. Ron Hammon made the whole process seamless and actually nice. Car was washed both times of service. Total class act.  They also honored an online coupon for my wife.  Saving us $50." Best experience buying a vehicle without a doubt!!!"  they couldn't have made it easier to buy the car I wanted. Steve and the rest of team gave me  excellent customer service. I never felt pressured the entire time. Very efficient as well. For the first time in my life I actually felt good about the deal I got."  thanks for grabbing me by the ankles & turning me upside down so you can shake every last dime out of me. What should've been a simple fix on a 2005 Denali ended up getting more & more expensive ($1600+). The first repair wasn't even the problem. Smooth-talking Justin explained it away with an ""I really don't give a crap"" tone. He wouldn't even admit any misdiagnosis Amazing customer service they helped us get what we needed right away. Very attentive I had an independent shop and we sent all of our GMC and Cadillac warranty work to Karen Parker.  Karen is experienced and always took care of our (collective) client within a reasonable time.  I found her to be professional and knowledgeable about the mechanical aspects of GMC and Cadillac products.  I can tell you this.......DO NOT under any circumstances take your car to Earnhardt Chandler Cadillac on 202 and Gilbert.  I hear Earnhardt in Scottsdale is good but not handy for us SE Valley peeps. "Great experience!  Can't say enough about the complete team effort.  From the beginning to end E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA "Have a 2012 Buick Enclave. This place (Gary more specifically) have always gone above and beyond. I'm not mad at Coulter Cadillac for the stupid reasons I have to bring my Enclave here. Gary always asks how everything is going and the service waiting room is comfortable I test drove the car and was offered the auto at a good price without a hassle so I bought it."  we bought a 2015 vehicle from Bo today. I truly do not think the process could have been more seamless. He was so professional and just overall enjoyable to work with. The finance guy (John? Sorry... I think that's it) was so great to work with as well. Quick I live right down the street and need additional work on my vehicle. I will not return."  Blind Spot Sensor Rear Parking Sensors. None of these to the best of my knowledge exist on my vehicle. I can only hope that they realIly did the Certified Pre-Owned Inspection they say they did. I feel that my salesman should have spent more time going over all the details and functions of the SUV with us."  they stock a ton of stuff" This is the only shop I will use for my Arizona rides." This guy is ridiculous and does not deserve anybody's money." R72PRg4ZKOjstjUiTCUWTw  after I took it to a real machine shop they explained the problems to me . I requested a copy of the bill and was told the computer hard drive broke and could not get a receipt. $4000 DOWN THE DRAIN."  I decided to have my truck towed to Courtesy Chevrolet.  Courtesy had it done the next day for half of what Mike quoted.  Let's review.  The DEALERSHIP was less than this repair shop.  Two of my family members with classic cars have had similar experiences.  I think Mike has plenty of time to think up clever put downs for his customers because he is bleeding business to other shops in town.  He owns the retail shop too Bottom line: This shop lied to my face and would have overcharged me $414 for a small New to a city and need car repairs- is my middle name. Its hard not being a car guy but having your own and you're wives car to take care of. I always feel like I cant trust anyone who has the ability to repair anything on our vehicles since I wouldn't know any better. I need an oil change fast so I took in my VW Jetta. The guys we're really friendly. Read a lot of mixed reviews all over and talked to the manager about them when I got there. They fixed Thompson (my car) up real nice and no problems after like I was nervously expecting. I'd go there again.  they let me know it would be much cheaper to just go to Discount Tires myself than try to buy through them because the only ones available through vendors were expensive.  I have since purchased a new car that gets free service at the dealership for a while..and I have to say  have never tried to ""sell"" me all the extras that you sometimes get when you take your car in for an oil change.  Their oil change is very extensive as well.  You can usually grab a coupon online for $22 for the complete oil change."  this is a decent & honest repair shop.  I took my Toyota there a couple of years ago for a starter replacemnt.  I got genuine and straightforward diagnosis of the car's problem and recommendation for repair.  There was no coming back to me with pressure to have $1500 of additional repairs (you know How I wish this was a body shop too me almost two hundred for an oil change and adding coolant. What a crook!"  dependable service.  They help us keep the budget reasonable. We have used than for years. Our cars are still going after more than fifteen years. It's a nice small business." This shop is great. They service our fleet vehicles for work so I brought my personal car in when I needed the AC serviced. They fixed me right up and didn't break the bank. I appreciate their honesty and professionalism and tell everyone I know to go see Chuck at Camelback Garage nq31doWpCrr1UwquTXNdmw nq31doWpCrr1UwquTXNdmw  and brimming with self-loathing that they direct outwardly to their customers Very fast professional and friendly service. Never pushy with add on services or products that I didn't want or ask for and i love the $14.00 off coupon as well! Thanks guys I will definitely be back.  In and out in 15 mins!!! I will not go to any other Jiffy Lube for an oil change.  They are not pushy and very friendly. Super fast too! - Have already sent three pieces of spam to my e-mail box despite not saying they'd do so when asking for my e-mail." Keep up the great work!" The waiting room is tiny. Nothing special.  But I'm not coming here for a great place to hang out with friends or a tasty cup of joe nq31doWpCrr1UwquTXNdmw Today Wed 3/11 still leaking. Tomorrow will be heading there after my doc appt. Yay. I'll be asking for my money back this time. First and last time I won't be returning. Anything else happens I'll be updating this." Great something else to pay for but instead of going back over and over to a place that does not do mechanical work but ""specializes"" in coolant I was visiting the area and needed a quick oil change before heading back to California. I received great and fast service! Super thankful they were open on a Sunday! Was there at 440 and they were closed- sign says open till 5.... Slightly disappointed as I needed an oil change and went out of my way to go here! Guessing they do a good job when they are open! Fast and friendly! The techs are not too pushy when asking if you want additional service. Great experience and Next time I'm in Phoenix I'll be back! Got my oil change on 3/30 at approximately 10am I was there just to get an oil change. The experience was awful they charge you way to much for filters and they are so pushy to sell you all kinds of service they are just fast talking people that cannot even type simple information in the computer. I'll never go back there. if a regional or area manager read this review I hope they can replace the staff at this specific location. feel sorry for such a good company. This was the best oil change experience. Very professional and fast:-) thanks Brian and team :-) "This used to be THE place to go for great service while buying a car. I've purchased a few vehicles here and it was always a pleasure. Mark Exposito and Cory Epperson always went out of their way to make sure problems were solved in a timely manner. Well  I just found out that the loaner vehicle was never picked up from the tow yard and the tow yard called them two days later when I had to go get my belongings out of the car!!  Now Camelback VW is saying....all of a sudden...that I'M RESPONSIBLE for the tow yard storage fees!!!  OMG! They are so ignorant!  I can go on and on...but it's in the hands of my sons attorney Shane Harward now.  Thank you Skylar and Shane!!!" MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA "I almost bought a new VW Rabbit (2009) from these guys.  We lucked out and got a 100% NON sleazy sales person but sadly she wasn't around (and didn't return my emails) at the time I was willing to ""pull the trigger"" and I went else where." MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA  getting a decent test drive rather than the 3 rights and your back at the dealers was all pretty happy.  I don't know if you can split out the role of the sales people from the finance office but I'd hate to think they are innocent and losing sales because of the F ing I people:)"  and I can not get anyone to respond to this problem. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GO ANYWHERE ELSE.  I purchased a vw in Nor CAL in 2001 and it was a good experience. You would think that this dealership is moving cars like crazy.  Spread the word about this horrible excuse for a business. No customer service at all."  bad place to shop for a car and bad place to get your car serviced." I've lost faith in VW's quality because of Camelback VW Subaru and I highly don't recommend buying from them or getting service from them.  I'm not having to take my issue to the Better Business Bureau.  They're just not worth this much hassle." "I have an mk4 gtik 1.8t. I took my car there to have a rattle in the suspension fixed. They found a bunch of other stuff wrong with my car which sucked... But they where all legitimate problems. The funniest part is the repairs that where being done where cause by a poor mechanic at one the of the east valley's VW ""tuning shops"". The high prices suck "I'm shocked to be giving a good review but here goes.   Took my car in without an appointment to get the headlight repaired.  They ended up saying the car had all sorts of problems and need to keep it for the weekend.   They gave me a loaner (all thought it was a Beetle - yuck) and sent me on my way.   I was very worried that i was looking at $1500+.   They called me on Monday and said it was done.  I was worried since htye had not called me to give a quote Tread carefully out there and just wear them down with questions and annoying behaviors!" I plan to go back to have more work done on the car soon.  I prefer Camelback VW for oil changes because the quickie-lube places just don't have a knack for doing things right...but that's another review for another time!" "I am basing my review on the service department at Camelback VW.  I actually did lease my 2008 Volkswagen Jetta from this dealership in 2008 and have taken my car here for all of its service appointments.  I did purchase a service contract which was great to have for the first 3+ years but now that it has run out I was worried about how much I would have to pay for service visits.  Thus far I am very pleased with Camelback VW... just recently I had to have my car towed there because it started overheating all the sudden.  When I called to make a appointment I was planning on using AAA to tow it but my service adviser said that I still qualify for VW roadside assistance and had someone out to my work within the hour to pick up my car.  The next morning I called to check on my car and it was already fixed under warranty.  It was a worry free experience for me and I greatly appreciate it.  Since my service contract ran out I have taken it there previous to this visit for a 45 I dealt with Antoine.  He was amazing.  He offered to bring the contract and the car to my office to get things done because I was busy!  He made things really easy too!   He is even providing me with  a huge bow for it!  The fact that Antoine and Greg are pretty easy on the eyes made this a nice experience as well!;)" I have always dreaded the idea of resorting to a dealership for repairs. I have a friend who used to work there and he highly recommend them to me. He called ahead and told them I was coming. They we're really great and it seems they would be to no-connected customers as well. They offer a shuttle service when you drop your car off. I was walking around looking at some other cars after I put mine in and I met a salesmen named John. He was a really cool guy. Very honest about car sales and other things we talked about. I'm proud to be an owner of a VW and to have a dealership close that won't screw you. "I went in to buy a car. The salesman was friendly and helpful (maybe not too knowledgeable about the cars though). After testing a golf and mentioning that I was also interested in a GTI  even if they're the only dealership in the country that can make the promises they made before I bought." The loaner vehicles are nice but it doesn't make up for their crappy service." The sales people were great when I was laying the cash down to buy...but forget it on the service end...they get one more chance and I will go else where...it's disappointing because anywhere can be nice when you are ready to spend money and I really expected more from the service than rude service agents...and also the work was not even completed...they let the car sit there half the day and I picked it up and nothing was done to it...they were rude about it...I don't know if I am used to BMW service quality or what...but I am disappointed with this low level of service and customer service standards.  but once you talk to a dealer it magically drops $5k and I think some prices may be too good to be true??) but I would NOT recommend Camelback."  since I HAD SIGNED FOR THE CAR ALREADY... 3 weeks prior. I called the finance manager back and he finally admitted that the financing HAD NOT been approved and that I would need to find a cosigner or put down a bigger down payment or I'd have to give the car back. Long story short I took it back and got my Audi back. Car dealers everywhere are letting people drive away in cars they know they won't be approved for in hopes that you'll fall in love with the car and do ANYTHING to try to keep it when they call you a few weeks later asking for it back! DO NOT FALL VICTIM!" This dealership is great for all service and sales needs. They are polite and professional. I would recommend them to anybody!!! Parking is extremely tight -- they could stand to have a few more customer parking spaces." It's my third car from this dealership. The service department has always been the reason I go back there. Now "Should have come here first - Went there about a year ago did not like the feel - so walked away and decided to keep the current car. I really wasn't in the market - but got a call from Barry - with the hours I work I don't return calls during the week so called back - he had no clue who I was and I should have ended it there. He claimed he could make it work blah blah blah - what was I looking for blah blah blah - did not listen to a thing I said except Sunroof - that was all the car had. He called me back needed me to do a credit app - they need to see the current car - blah blah blah - I was at Sprouts down the road so I went in. Huge mistake monster.....he took a credit app the assessed my trade in and he pointed to a car he had selected for me - I have not driven didn't even know if I liked it. He starts doing the salesman dance and 1/2 of the way in it I start asking to drive the car - now remember I was in there in March of 2011 so I have NOT driven the 2012 - and I was looking at a Beetle. They dig it out and I am allowed to take it up the 51 on sunday with no traffic and back....nothing remarkable - but I asked him questions about the car - did it have cruise control - no he said but it did - I finally got a brochure so I could see what I was getting into on paper and then waited and waited and waited and waited - the first game of the play offs was over....and I wated somemore.  At that point I see my license plate in Barry's hands so I became a little nervous finally I am taken into Antoinne's office - they are giving me this for free that for free - the conversation is tapped....the whole time I am saying that I know no bank is open today but he tells me they are a VW dealership and write their own deals....yea his mouth was moving so we all know he was lying....he would not put me in a 20k vehichle if he did not KNOW that this deal was done....more horse manure.....then the fun really begins. I leave the lot get into traffic and this car will not move. I took it over by my office to a vacant street and I can not get it up over 45 mph - it is a dog! Monday morning I call them and tell them this car isn't going to work....they tell me no worries we will get you approved and then swapp the car. Monday afternoon I get a call from Barry he wants to make an appointment - I can not commit to a time due to my job so tell him sometime between 630p - 800p - Tuesday I go in and guess what - no the deal is not done - but hey I can test drive the other cars - hey isn't that what you are supposed to do before you try financing - don't you test drive first?? So I leave again wasted my time...but here is where it gets really funny - I get a voicemaill from their ' Customer Service Manager' calling to congratulate me for my new cark - so the next day  I call her back ...now they have had this deal since Sunday   but she says after laughing at all of this because apparently poor customer service is funny to the Customer Service manager - that they have only had the deal for 2 days - umm no you have had it for 4 days. I agree to give them 2 more letting her know that either I have an answer on Thursday  because I am going out of town. In the mean time I sit down with a friend in on the lending side and he begins to tell me the reason it is taking so long is no bank will pick it up because  they are over charging me on the car -  extended warranty -  gap insurance - Zak treatments - everything  and that my current car is retailing for 19k - they offered me 13k ...so we  construct an email restructuring the deal and letting them know I will not come in until they have a letter of credit from the bank. 2 more days no calls so I call no word so- 2 hours later after waiting to find out it is ready I showed up. After telling them I was NOT going out of town with a car I don't own I get the Jeep - but they have lost my License plate - in fact if I had not walked the vehicle I would have left with out any plate  but at an interest rate 2 points higher than we agreed to on the contract. I told them that I don't do business with whores and they can have the car back. I'll buy it from a dealer that stands by their word. Check the other yelp reviews on here. It seems to be standard operating procedure for these jackasses." "I have consistently great service experiences here and haven't chosen to go to an auto service chain for my VW as a result. I'm deducting a star for the shrinking hours (anyone remember when this place was open until 9pm-ish on weekdays?) I will never return to this dealership and recommend that you do the same. I've never been treated this poorly at a dealership in my life. I had cash to buy a car and opted to go elsewhere."  he has always gone above and beyond for us. I particularly love the fact we get loaner cars if my car needs to be in the shop for an extended period...Thank Camelback VW!" Michael Miller always makes sure I'm taken care of.  He always seems to go out of his way to ensure my experience there is a good one....Thanks Mike! P.S. The comment below from the manager is beyond moronic. There was no ""miscommunication"". We had an signed agreement. That's why Subaru corporate cut us a check for almost $500! These guys are not even scum "I hate car trouble; but at least Camelback VW makes it easy to arrange appointments and also provides transportation--which I VERY MUCH appreciate.  Also want to commend Michael Miller on the A++++ customer service  but they are committed to fixing it which is great.  I like to work with Mike Miller.  He is not only knowledgeable about his job I went in for just an oil change and they found a torn engine mount! My worries went away quicky when Ian told me it was still under warrenty. What a relief that was.  we got the car back in that same afternoon. Our service manager was able to work with us on payment so that we paid half then & the other half 2 weeks later. He also pointed us to some coupons online for $100 off any service. And of course Moral of the story: Don't waste your time with Camelback VW. Save yourself the stress and irritation and buy elsewhere." "This is for for the VOLKSWAGEN side only.  I was told by the MANAGER and he salesman that they had the car that I saw online in stock and to come out the next day to look at it.   I drive over 30 miles to see this car.  As soon as I get there  but always make the drive because the service and no-haggle approach is worth it. My husband bought his Jetta there years ago  and got me into a loaner car quickly.  He was prompt with calling me when he had an estimate and even accommodated me by texting me what needed to be done so I could discuss it with my husband.  My car was ready earlier than expected.  It's because of Michael and his exceptional service that I keep coming back." And the car is SO GREAT!!!" I've leased two VWs here...an Eos and a Tiguan. Camelback VW takes excellent care of me and my VW. Ricky goes out of his way to help me every time. Excellent customer service. I recommend it highly. MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA  to THEM!  I made numerous attempts to stop the calling. Many promises ""we removed your # from our database"" no luck. Contacted them through the internet Don and George's hospitality deserve this review and I couldn't be more appreciative of their help. Thanks to you both and to Camelback VW! Absolutely recommend!" I just don't approve of the whole your car is fine conversation when I am clearly experiencing issues. I don't appreciate any sort of deception. Which is all I seemed to have dealt with." Keep up the great work"  one thing I was not happy about was the technician/or someone left a big mess on my back door handle. I would not believe what they have left behind to the door handle; oil grease was all over. I am a very reasonable customer  nose prints and drool. It makes me feel proud to drive it when it's all prettied up. It's also nice assurance to know my car is mechanically sound and up to date on all maintenance. What more can I ask for?! Thank you I am just very disappointed in this dealership especially since I had always had great experiences before."  Mike Miller makes the 3 hour drive worth it!  He is considerate of my time and needs.  He explains my service That salesman was Michael Henson. Destroying business card now. I won't be returning to this dealership if that is the culture there and will be sure to tell everyone I work with in Native Health." "Normally don't like the car buying experience.  This team was great!  Bill G. was a real pro.  Billy offered a fair deal (after the first low ball offer :( but came around!) and Michael in the finance department was personable and efficient.  No hard sell here!  The transaction went into the evening but they were professional  and do a mini car inspection. They found some things wrong with my car which I will not get fixed. I would not suggest going here if you are on a budget for it is a bit pricey as is any dealer."  the car I traded in STILL has not been paid off. It's been ""it will be paid Monday""...""later this week""...""it's in the mail"" for about 3 weeks now. I'm pretty sure they use tactics that are either fully "My husband and I came here to test drive two cars that we have had our eyes on - the VW Tiguan and the Subaru Outback. We were immediately greeted by a friendly salesman named Carlos. He let us take 3 different cars out for a drive  make an appointment with Dan and experience the same super service we did!" "I've always received great service here on our 3 VW's. I purchased a 2013 GLI here last year Top notch....as long as you have a warranty There are other dealers in the area. Buy from one who respects their customers  besides that it is below par. I was never offered water while I waited or even notified of a timeframe of my wait. While checking in all of the guys continued to have side conversations with one another  but the catalytic converter is just a bit too much for me to get into right now." Go pound the car lot !"  was fantastic. That was easily one of the most fun test drives I've done in a long time. If I could just buy a car from him No comments at this time Update: I am giving them a 3 star from the one star I originally gave them. I will not give them anything better because the most important part of buying a car is the finance and price. However Best VW dealer in town. Bought 4 cars from these guys and will continue to do so. They really work with their customers to get them in a new car. Like every dealer they gotta make their money of course but the hassle is way less stressing. SHOP VW CAMELBACK!! "This has to be the best place in Arizona to buy a beetle! The nice gentleman that helped me was Michael Gruentzel. It was a Sunday afternoon and Michael spent a good amount of time with me showing me all the cool features the new bugs have. After we decided on a price  head to VW North Scottsdale.  I still drive down their from Prescott.  AVOID Camelback VW entirely 000 over the price I told them I wanted to stay in. After spending 16 hrs at the dealership to purchase a car they finally got it done. 2 months later the finance department still had not gotten their act together to get it financed. I have been screamed at by many of the people there including the General Manager Dany that got in my face screaming and yelling and cursing right and left at me. I finally told them since they did not hold up their end of the deal getting the financing done  Rickey in service was the best. I've taken my Beetle to Rickey for the last couple of years and he has always been wonderful. He would even help me out when I moved away for a few months. I really felt that I could always trust him not to screw me over on pricing or parts. Over all   I was told that that oil level was too high and 60k maintanance was never done as promised. I was told I have new tires but later discovered that only two were new. I paid 900 for gimmick that was false. Why didn't I check it out at first? I was in crutches and couldn't get around and I was taken advantage of. All my repairs were not covered by the basic 6 months warranty. My repairs were over 4k! These guys will rip you off! Don't go there!"  took longer waiting for finance to be ready for us than anything else. Great trade in value! We definitely got the G35 and deal we wanted."  but they were paid off!  We decided on a Honda CR-V after reading reviews on all compact SUVs and test-driving the CR-V and Toyota Rav4.  We hunted online for CR-Vs for a good month or so and decided on the absolute highest amount we would pay for the car.  We wasted an entire day at Pinnacle Nissan in Scottsdale haggling with their sales folks and walked out with no deal.  Unwilling to waste our own precious time and subject to our 18 month old to another day of ""stop  I'll buy my next VW from Cory at Camelback VW!!"  Tony Avila made the experience of financing my daughter's car a blast. Thank you Tony for being patient while I relayed messages to her in South Korea." "Had my care in for service and Joe was amazing  the corporate office did call but can't help because the dealership is locally owned. I would avoid this dealership due to their rating coaching and lack of care after the sale." Top notch all around!" My finance advisor had me come back and sign my contract four times! He said he found me a better interest rate through a different financial institution etc. What he really did was take certain things out of my contract and I don't even know what happened with that money!" "A car trade-in took 8 hours and in the process I was sexually harassed by a sales employee. Customer relations and the manager are in the process of dealing with it  and I never told Debbe that I was dissatisfied (I have a copy of the messaging convo between she and I had proving otherwise). I was willing to buy a vehicle from them that would actually suit my needs if they would just take the one they pushed on me back. They offered NO form of reconciliation. All they cared about was they got their money and that's it. Not customer satisfactio" MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA Complaints to the sales person and the BBB produced NO result. Complaints to my credit union resulted in the cu putting the dealership on a 'watch list' for 30 days and the dealership to making an offer for me to trade the vehicle back toward the purchase of another. Seriously?"  windshield wipers or anything else is not working properly after they repair your car and you can't prove that it was working properly before you brought it in All in all a great experience. Ask for Gregg and Chester!!!!!"  he made me feel comfortable even when i was starting to lose my patience with what i wanted. No one likes having to go back and forth to reach a deal. In the end I got the deal i wanted thanks to George and Rich. Frankie the GM was courteous but a little pushie and i could tell he had been doing this for a long time. I get that they have to make money but at the end of the day i'm the one signing the papers and giving my buisness. Frankie gave me his bottom number and i thanked him for his and George's time but was going to stand firm on what I wanted. I was sitting there thanking George for his time when Rich comes up from behind and has a figure circled and asked me if that will seal the deal "George made the car buying experience quick and with no BS. I own a small business in Surprise so I don't have time to go spend hours at a car dealership I just bought a sweet car from this place. I had too since my car at the time died. It was my first car so I was sad to say the least but George was awesome. He helped through the whole process and took pictures with me and car that I was trading in so I could have memories. He was so compassionate and him along with Doug and Jeff got me a great deal on my new car. They are great people. I highly recommend going to see these guys! They will take care of you from start to finish. :-) Did all of the negotiating through email and text. I was speaking to George H. This salesman helped me get the deal that I wanted and the finance!  and was vague on explaining the repair detail. The grand total was $3400!!!! To which my GF replied that she would need to asses her finances and check with me about the necessity of what she was told needed to be done. To this he explained that she should call the insurance company and say ""I ran over something and now it's making noises"". Pretty sure that is insurance fraud. Needless to say we got our car out of there and went to a trusted shop- Kelly Clark (should've started there). Total repair is less than $900. Yup. Almost 1/4 the cost. Ohhhh. They did give me a football at the VW service area....so that's nice."  and fun and really look out for your best interest to make sure your car is in its best working condition and you still love it. They are not in the business to nickel and dime you. The waiting area is very comfortable with a TV that is always on good channels  but additional things were to be added to the car after the fact.  We had a ""we owe"" stipulation.  Funny enough I don't get that that kind of courtesy at my local dealer and of course there was zero chance I'd ever be back for any future needs so there was no reason to go that extra step except to assume this is their daily way of business. Thanks Mark and Camelback VW Service!" "Service division does a great job but the sales division is horrendous. They keep calling my cell phone to try to sell me another vehicle in spite of numerous attempts to stop the harassment and promises that my number is no longer in their database. They take my number from their service database One of the worst vehicle purchase experiences ever. Had to come back repeatedly for paperwork because of errors on their end and even after we had shook hands the price of the car changed! Terrible. Im at 2k miles and already having to pay for things that should be covered by the warranty. Ill take my car for service elsewhere and tell all my friends/family to stay far away. Thanks for nothing MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA  I just seemed to find all the red tape in the company! Upgrading to two stars as I'm less annoyed now Ricky in the service department is awesome.  I have had a few good experiences bringing my car for service here. He is always super friendly and answers all my technical questions on point. I trust this shop to take care of my ride "Let's be honest.  If you had a choice between going to get your car serviced or having a root canal it would be a hard choice.  Camelback VW Service changes all of that.  I've been there on two occasions and the last time I literally cannot feel more strongly than I do about how well this dealership took care of me during this situation. I got a great deal on my car back in January from the sales side as well. Overall Spamming is not a good business practice. I would encourage you to shop else where." MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA Monkeys could run a dealership better. I cannot believe how poorly run their parts department is and the sales department is not far behind. I own a VW Touareg and am thankful that I didn't buy it from them. VW Scottsdale will better serv if you are looking for a well run establishment  run. Run super far from this dealership and go to the Scottsdale location. I know the guys there and wish so bad I would of gone there last night. I thought since I had a pre approved loan it didn't matter and didn't want to make the farther drive but it's very worth it." Had a really great car buying experience. I bought a 2016 Subaru WRX STI. George made everything seem really easy. Super Nice Guy  unthoughtful and well....just plain stupid. she didn't even offer us a bottle of water and we sat there for hours and hours!!! i don't think an intelligent word came out of her mouth. she was probably the fakest woman i have ever met. but you could see her bitterness and deceit clearly in each eye. we could see straight through this woman's fake demeanor. she pretended to be nice  and he was super friendly and helpful. I had a question about price flexibility on two cars I was prepared to choose between this weekend. He had his manager (Ed Trott) call me back  most of everyone here is great! Service department is awesome!! Sally is the absolute best!  Makes you feel welcome and comfortable. Love that about here!!"  no appointment necessary. They are eager to help Please DON'T GO TO THIS PLACE!"  EVER give these people your contact information. More than 30 unsolicited voice mails left on my cell phone. Countless emails as well. I contacted the ""General Manger What a terrible experience!changed management since I got my last car and from the moment I arrived you can tell it's changed. I have leased my last few cars from this location and expected the same level of service. I was mislead on the terms of the lease and was then promised Sirius radio but received a plugin in model. I will never go back to this dealership and     want everyone to be warned to repeat the details numerous times before you sign...  whom I never meet - you know - the shadowy figure in some back room who has to approve any ""deal"". Here are the ""real"" numbers: Approx $680 a month for a 48 month lease. Not 36 months. Not $419 a month as advertised on their own website. She again reminded me that the advert didn't include ""dealer fees"". I did some quick math in my head and let her know  from the beginning and have had nothing but great service. He is always finding ways to help me out and never pressures me into unnecessary services. He has gone above and beyond when I was in an accident; even helped me with a loaner car because I didn't have rental insurance. Randy and his manager also recently REALLY took care of me just for being loyal to Camelback VW. Also  and he is always willing to take my car in for service at any time that I need. My husband and I want to buy another new car in the next year or so. We will be going back to Camelback VW. Randy makes every experience in the service department a stress free one and I appreciate all the help that he is given to us."  George was still pleasant to work with and kept trying to get his managers to step up and be an honorable business. I highly discourage people from purchasing a vehicle here "One of the worst experiences I have ever had and I did not even step a foot into the dealership.  Sent In an inquiry thru their website.  Stephanie Jacobs was the responding sales person.  I told what we wanted for the trade in vehicle was the same that they offered on their website trade in value.   She did not see a problem.  I wanted a reduction in the price and she had a sales manager call.  He promised he did not want to loose a customer over a few hundred dollars and the price on website was negotiable.   I promised I would be there on MLK DAY. (mind you I am in Kingman for a 4 hour drive.) I called on Friday before MLK day and asked them to work a deal before we got there.   They supposedly ran credit and came back that because my car would sit on their lot most likely for over 2 months "Randy is awesome! If you want great service I will NEVER use them again because they do not do what they say."  a thumbs up to the shuttle service guys (especially Mario) who will get you where you need to go (and pick you up) if you have to leave your car for the day." Been going to Camelback Volkswagen ever since I moved to Phoenix 3 years ago. Every time I go it's a great experience. Everyone is friendly and always professional. Unlike other dealership around the valley I always feel like they're doing everything they can to make your visit a great one. I've worked with both sales and service side of the dealership and I am amazed with the level of customer service I get. Make sure you see Ricky in the service side if you want to get the best of the best that Camelback VW has to offer in customer satisfaction.  and funny. He's earned my trust over the last couple years and he always manages to get me in in case of emergency. Overall great quality and service at this dealership."  has been wonderful to work with! He gets to know all of his customers and gives attention to detail. He makes sure my wait is minimal and a loaner car is always available for me and my kids." 400 price. If my little sister didn't love her Jetta I would have walked out hours ago. After that the rest of the process took 3.5 hours AND the next day we noticed the AIR CONDITIONER didn't work. We called the manager up and he offered to pay HALF. Being so sick of arguing and speaking with this company I just agreed. I will never purchase a VW again. Thank you Camelback VW." Jason and Randy are an excellent and trust worthy team! Thank you guys for making the camelback delearship experience excellent every time!" Hope that is helpful." "Camelback Vw is the only dealership I use when servicing both of my Volkswagens. They are very knowledgable and have the best technicians in town.  They go above and beyond not only to repair the car but to give excellent customer care! They also have a new service building which offers many amenities Been going to Camelback Volkswagen ever since I moved to Phoenix 3 years ago. Every time I go it's a great experience. Everyone is friendly and always professional. Unlike other dealership around the valley I always feel like they're doing everything they can to make your visit a great one. I've worked with both sales and service side of the dealership and I am amazed with the level of customer service I get.  my service advisor I had the best experience. He explained everything so well and everything that had to be done didn't take as long as I thought it would take! Thank you "Purchased a Passat TDI SEL 3 years ago from this dealership.  I quit using their service due to many dissapointments and moved my business to another dealer.  This vehicle has had more problems than any other auto by any manufacture I have had.  The auto was in the other shop last week for repair when service called me that there was a problem.  The gentleman informed me that VW would not be able to help me since I was the second owner of the vehicle.  I informed him that I was the original owner of the auto.  He told me to contact Camelback VW to figure this out.  Later that night  but they took care of me like I was a long time customer. Volkswagen should be proud of to have people like this supporting their brand despite the many issues these cars have while still new. Morgan wrote me up already knowing the source of my problem and had confirmed the part was in stock within five minutes of our initial meet. Not even two hours later I was told the vehicle was ready. When picking the vehicle up Ricky explained everything throughly  Az.  Had the car towed via AAA to a local repair shop who could not fix problem.  Was going to take it to Scottsdale VW but a repair person suggested I go to Camelback VW...so glad I did.  Sally was incredibly helpful!  She arranged for AAA to replace the battery and then promptly called me with several other repairs that needed to be done.  It took over a week for the part to come in and Sally called to offer me a loaner vehicle which I did not need.  She was so prompt in calling and explaining everything that was being done to car....so much better than the Scottsdale VW repair where I  have to call and call and call.  Overall it was a positive experience and well worth the drive to pick up the car.  Thank you to Sally!"  a manager bolted out of the office to state that they were absolutely going to run my credit that I had to give them an opportunity to get my financing.  I told them I was not interested.  They finally agreed to sell the car at the advertised price.  The finance person (Trinity) forgot to have us sign one paper that the credit union needed so the car was not funded.  Trinity called both me and my son with threats--I happened to be out of town so there was no way that I could sign anything.  Even the person from the credit union she was dealing with said that she never wanted to talk to this woman again.  If you want a scam artist dealer and a completely unprofessional finance person---this is the place.  Otherwise steer clear."  did not have the customer service courtesy to call or text me today to let me know my car would not be ready until tomorrow. He actually laughed when I asked him why he didn't call or text to let me know One star doesn't give justice to how shady these people are. You should go here if you want to waste your time and be lied to. 000 negative equity. Not only did they get me out of the Ford focus without completely screwing myself over... But they got me into a Kia Forte 2015 that I absolutely love with lower payments than my ford was. Trinity and Alex who are the Financial advisors I worked with are amazing! I Had Louise as my sales person and he was very Personal. We had an issue when I first wanted to trade in my vehicle that the owner of the company actually helped get everything together to get me into a car that would be safe and that I hope to have for a very long time.. I plan to recommend this place for anyone looking for a car!"  they have been the best! This dealership and the employees are outstanding. Mike the manager and Trinity in financing were over the top exceptional as well. They all made my experience the best. I will definitely be going back for the CC in 4 years.  ;)"  I was upfront and was very clear with what I was wanting to obtain in terms of financing. The dealership obviously obtained all my pertinent personal Information. I was told by Lisa my saleswoman over and over that Andrew the manager had approved my lease and the vehicle was mine. This dealership apparently does ""spot"" financing and Andrew really had no idea if I would be approved. Well Great customer service all around!" I promise I won't ever buy a car from Camelback VW again. I will make sure all the Audi and VW social media and forums I'm in will know that you are bottom of the barrel car salesmen. Bravo. Get ready for more business VW North Scottsdale." "Literally the best customer service I have ever experienced. I went to Kia's dealership on Camelback and had the worst experience so I went to VW. Everyone there is absolutely amazing. I would recommend Thomas as a salesman and Mike  working with these guys was the greatest buying experience ever! Now Volkswagen .. I do not want you to think that they did not do their jobs Been going here for a couple Years now for both old and new vehicles services! Always had good experience Ricky always does a great job setting up my appointments for service I'll continue coming back! I had an APPOINTMENT!"  I would recommend Tucker Tire highly!" We were referred to this place by Chapman BMW because we had a nail in our tire. We went there and they treated us well.  I followed my wife in my truck and she noticed I had a nail in my tire too so we asked them to look at it. They took care of my wife right away for $20 bucks. Then they looked at my truck and figured all they had to do was pull the nail and needed no additional work...At no charge!  Willing to help us right away...$20. Total honesty?  Priceless!!  These guys were great and I would recommend them to anyone. n4N4NyNS78JUvamWttTxJw They're a long-time locally-owned business  but he was also that way to everyone that walked through the door.  I took very kindly to the way he treated an elderly woman - like a VIP - despite her demanding and sometimes naive questions and requests." I purchased 2 tires for my car here before making a long trip. They recommended putting the tires on the rear to decrease the likelihood of hydroplaning. I followed their recommendation and am I glad! I am convinced their recommendation saved my life because I ran into some terrible rainstorms between Phoenix and California - could hardly see the road at times - and those new tires held the road like they had claws! "Tucker Tire & Auto has been the only place that I know they will be honest and get the job done right!  I have been a customer for 15 years and they have taken care of my Chevy Equanox  which is nice!  This is the second time I've been here.  They changed all 4 tires on my BMW for a super good price!  I definitely recommend these guys!"  and fixed the alignment on my car quickly while I waiting (with a scheduled appt I have been to Tucker Tire & Auto twice and am VERY pleased with their work.  They treat me with the greatest respect and the job is done in a decent time frame.  I feel like they operate as if they were a small town operation only in a very large city.  It is nice to know I'm not just a number on their list.  Both gentlemen that work in the office explain things carefully and even the owner chats with all of the customers in the waiting area.  This is a fantastic place to bring your car to.  Thank you Charlie Stevenson! Excellent care of the customer and the car.  Thank you!  we will definitely use them when we purchase tires in the next couple of months. same day service & friendly staff"  repairing his vehicle quickly so he could be on the road and back to work.  This demonstrates their COMPETENCY.  It is easy to recommend this company.  I don't plan to go anywhere else Great Service! Came in because I had a flat tire and they helped with changing it out for me! No one was rude. "Took my 2000 Ford Ranger in for a trip check and oil change. AC was also out. I learned my front brakes needed replacing. Price was fair. They did not hassle me to get other work done that was not essential. Work was done quickly. I also liked that they have a rewards program. A couple weeks later "These guys helped me as soon as I walked in.. I thought I only had a leak in 1 tire but they informed me 2 tires had nails in them. It didn't surprise me. They worked very quickly on what seemed like an otherwise busy day for them. I was out in 45 mins. They repaired both tires which was more than Discount Tire said they could do ""for safety reasons"" -- more like ""for profit reasons"". I'd recommend Tucker and I'll definitely go back."  and they get the job done quickly.  They even offer you a ride to wherever you need to go while they're working on your car."  belt and tension - around $1000 parts & labor. I took it to another local shop for a second opinion and quote and I am so glad I did. Turns out it was a wheel bearing issue. I feel like a shop specializing in tires should have caught that  I didn't have to wait a very long time. Their prices were very reasonable and the service was professional and fast. They were able to fix my brake pads "You need an appointment to get your oil changed. I walked in and there was nobody in the lobby and two gentlemen working. I stood in front of the first gentleman inside the door for a solid 30 seconds before he acknowledged me and then gruffly told me to see the other guy. I walk down to the other guy two steps away who just heard me tell the other guy needed an oil change and then asked me what I wanted. Then I told him I would like to get an oil change. He asked me if I had an appointment I said no he said he could not get me in that day was rather rude about it. Understand if you need appointment that's a thing If you are looking for a solid  but BMW and VW are on the menu and they have certified techs." "We were driving to Phoenix when our VW Jetta started to overheat and the gas pedal intermittently stopped responding. We barely made it to German Auto and they were very friendly in assisting us. The VW guy was from San Francisco area (where we are from) and made us feel at home. They had to rush order our parts and when they didn't work initially The 124 platform with straight six is not rocket science. I'm sorry guys but you dropped the ball on this one!"  if you want to save a few hundred bucks and know what it feels like to trust your technician  to plain old maintenance like fluid changes.  Jim the owner has been there all the way and has assisted me greatly.  Price per labor hour is reasonable Had my CLK Mercedes serviced and these guys are terrific! My car would not accelerate and it was a bad mass airflow sensor....not bad news at all. Would highly recommend to anyone that has a european car!  if you are looking for a place for your car xfSw-RbQ-4ackmmOJmlg6Q  and was told by Land Rover that this was probably normal for performance brakes.  My father Herb has been going here since I was knee high to a grasshopper and only trusts them to work on his Mercedes's."  This place is amazing! Friendly staff and very fair priced. Will not let my cls be worked on by any other than German Auto Services."  although they are a 40 mile drive from my home it is worth it. I look forward to taking my Benz to them (for just routine maintainence hopefully) in the future as well."  they offered to pick up and deliver my car whenever I needed it.  They rescued me from a major out of pocket expense that the dealership cooked up and I am eternally grateful for their help.  Don't take your Rover to the dealership until you use these guys  I gave the OK and just a few days later my car was back and good to go! I am extremely impressed with German Auto Service's professionalism and dedication to customer service. I will definitely be back for any future repairs and have told all of my friends with German cars to do the same." "I own a 96 BMW 540 and a 06 Mini Cooper S - have used German Auto to service both of these vehicles and they are the best in town.  Their service technicians can figure out what the trouble is and they don't start with the most expensive solution.  Their labor rates are very competitive and much less than any dealer service department They service all European cars. Audi  partly because I no one seems to want to work on Minis. They were honest about what needed to be fixed right away and what I could wait on fixing. Overall they fixed my car in a timely "My fiance and I have been coming to German Auto for a couple of years now.  We both drive VW's and these guys know their stuff.  Everyone has been very friendly and helpful each time we have to take our cars in.  Earlier this year they performed a complete checkup of my 2004 Jetta and let me know all the things that I could do to keep this baby running for (hopefully!) another 100 They are polite and very helpful. I've always brought my mercedes to them and they were cost competitive in comparison to the dealership and other shops. Plus they really do understand German cars and how to fix them. There is no issue that they can't tackle!!!  reasonable quotes.  I also appreciate their expertise with German cars so I know it's always done right."  after only having taken it to the dealer for the first 9 years I had it. I just got a new C240 Thanks for saving me some chedduh so that I may make it raaaaaaain :)" Thanks to Jim and the crew for keeping my old Porsche tip top!! In and out quickly and the job came in below the estimate!! loyal to an independent mechanic in Scottsdale specializing in Japanese cars.  when i got an audi they sent me here.  great referral.  they are reasonable and trustworthy. "Horrible customer service. I had to call to get updates and then had to wait for them to call me back. Told my car was finished then went the next day only to be told it was not finished  but their stubbornness prevented that from happening.  The techs at the dealer laughed when I mentioned I was told it was a battery issue.  Haven't had a battery issue since or had the warning pop up again.  I wont be returning to German Auto unfortunately.  I did enjoy their shuttle service and Bernie (awesome guy).   I wanted to save money like everyone else I learned several years ago to stop going to Chapman BWM and use German Auto Service.  This place is fantastic and has saved me a great deal of $$$ and aggravation.  Their service techs take the time to go over everything with you and have always been able to answer all of my questions. I have found a repair shop I trust!!!" "so far so good- fingers crossed our car doesn't die again soon. :( but when it does happen "They've been servicing my Benz since the warranty expired. They explain everything up front and continues to do a great job every time I go  and most of that time I've had it serviced at German Auto. Eric and the guys in Service are VERY well known to me. They are not pushy and have looked for less expensive options when possible. My good experiences keep me coming back for oil changes and repairs  the workers seemed knowledgable and the car was finished when promised.  Also my stay was pleasant while I waited for service and enjoyed the complementary refreshments." The only negative thing I can say about them is that they don't do any service on weekends.  They do Not even a sorry when I arrived the next day. There are plenty of other places to get your Benz serviced in town." Very knowledgeable and descriptive when explaining the work I needed done. Services were completed super fast...and they gave me a free bmw mug! I will be back to complete additional recommended services! I've taken two different cars here with great results every time.  They really know the ins and outs of BMW's and Mercedes.  I've never been upsold for anything I didn't need.  They also are very good about giving you a ride to work or back home if needed. I've been taking my BMW to German Auto since I bought it 4 years ago.  They do great work at actually reasonable prices. Highly recommend! Took my car (BMW 528i) in for the first time for brake service and potential new rims. BMW dealer stated my brakes were good but rims were warped because of run flat tires. The guys at German Auto got me in quickly. Confirmed my rims were not warped and got my rear brakes and rotors changed for $300-400 less than the dealer. Car was ready and washed on time and shuttle took me to/from my office with little wait. So happy to find an honest repair shop. Highly recommended to anyone for BMW repairs. Best service ..!!!! Unbeatable mechanics and I love mikes detailing all together why I keep on going back Great service! Got my oil changed from there and was about to call for a ride and found out they had a driver as well. He took me where I needed to go and my car was done much quicker than expected! Would definitely recommend!!  but they didn't want to do it.  If I was the owner of this shop I would fire that employee immediately.  Thought I would call them as I was recommended by a friend as an alternative than going to the dealership and getting raped.  Very disgusted with their customer service." They do have loyal customers and sometimes get busy.  (Maybe that's why no one has reviewed them before.)"  which is a problem I always ran into with other places. I live about 45 minutes away now and still refuse to go elsewhere because they are worth it. I wish more businesses were like them."  great customer service Soooo... the Husband (much more knowledgeable about car stuff) gave Precision Imports a call.  They told him to bring the car in to them and they'd make sure it was less.  No kidding!! They got the work done asap These guys (Frank and Al) rock!  They are honest and perform the work that needs to be done.  Just know they  are extremely busy and not open weekends.  I hate to give out this secret but they are that good.  Finally an automotive repair shop with integrity!  I send my 20 year old daughters to them and feel confidant they won't take advantage of them.  Highly recommended! Frank and Al are great. My Jeep keeps going after 160000 miles thanks to them. "My neighbor suggested  this place for my car repairs. What a great place. Al and Frank are honest I'll be a customer for life. Thanks Precision for restoring my trust in auto mechanics  MAKE SURE THE COST IS DEFINED BEFORE REPAIRS ARE MADE.  ON MAJOR ISSUES GET A SECOND OPINION." These guys are honest and great at what they do.  If I wasn't moving out of town soon You can thank me later"  but these guys...these are good guys." WH0Q0CmYW00vnJpG37O_cw  too. Great honest guys. The only bad thing is maneuvering their tight parking lot. You want an honest mechanic? It's these guys. Ask for Al or Frank!" WH0Q0CmYW00vnJpG37O_cw  as well.   Their shop is small and it can be hard to park your car.  Their waiting area is also no-frills so you are better off dropping your car off and coming back later.  High quality work and integrity.  I wish all auto mechanics were like these guys." D8xoP3SbW6YjQ9XDtUJD4A My point is that Frank told me the up-front truth about my car and didn't try to sell me anything.  He could have ignored it but that's not how he/they operate.  Which is why he and Al are so well regarded and so appreciated on sites like this. It's also why you don't see their name on billboards They are honest and efficient. They do not overcharge. Many other people know this so they are always doing a LOT of business. They are THE best in the Central Phoenix corridor." I have been going to Al and Frank for years and several vehicles. They are honest and do a great job. Ive had very little issues with them. The shop is older with 4 bays seems a dirty. Best thing about them is that they are trustworthy and upfront. I have recommended them to several friends. I go back because there is no hassle and I drive away knowing I'm in good hands and if something isn't right they fix it. Their weak side is communication and updating the customer. You will probably be able to find a lower estimate at a lesser-quality garage.  Don't do it.  Go see these guys if you want a relationship with an honest no-bullshit mechanic." I will never again take my car elsewhere!!  Best well rounded and capable shop that also happens to be honest!!!" "What repair shop doesn't charge you when nothing is wrong? THIS ONE!! I've taken my BMW in twice for different weird alerts showed up. The first time they charged me a fraction of what the guys across the street would have (I know this because I used to go there). The second time I called to see how late they'd be open  I feel like this shop is honest and does great work.  So nice to have this business in the neighborhood!" zHGjtAER42xVMxOu1wQfzg Everyone knows how difficult it is to find a trustworthy mechanic.  I just had my 2010 Camry serviced today at Precision Imports and I will definitely return.  I paid about half of what the dealer quoted and most importantly I trust the honesty and expertise from Precision.  They serviced the transmission and radiator using OEM fluids and did the job right. These guys are true professionals and were very committed to pleasing this customer. Thanks!! "I've been going to Precision Imports for almost 20 yrs. Frank & Al are the most trust-worthy guys in the business. Even though I just relocated to the Far East valley (Gilbert)  these guys are the BEST!  My boss has been using them for years and that is how I found out about them.  I am divorced so I don't have anyone to work on my Jeep but now I have these guys.  They can never close up shop because I don't know what I will do.  I don't want to go to ANYONE ELSE.  They also put on my registration sticker on my plate because I didn't have the tool to get off the license plate cover.  They are just GOOD GUYS.  Thank you Al!" A friend recommended them. Frank and crew were very helpful and reasonably priced. Would recommend them to anyone who wants good honest service.  be prepared to follow-up with them about the status of your car. My only complaint would be communication - but that's a small price to pay for quality workmanship and affordability. Still five star worthy." "I have taken my car here for years. They might be a little more expensive than everyone else around them but they are always worth it. Al  and Frank are trustworthy and honest. They do things right the first time  you guys are second to none!!"  but being a first time customer he threw in an oil change fro free.  We also have a Toyota and I'll be bringing my  cars here for service from now on."  I've stumbled upon one of the good ones. Actually - not a stumble. I have to give my sister credit for this one. Thanks Sara!"  really great guys. A place where women can come and not feel taken advantage of. Very very important." Frank and Al are the best."  competent and honest. I never worry about dropping off my car with them. They are trustworthy pros!"  but you know that business is good if the lot is full." "These guys are the best!!!!! Very fair priced and do amazing work!!! They keep my Acura in tip top shape and it has over $200 I highly recommend for Volvo nuts like myself." My 1995 volvo was a hand-me down which came with lots of problems! Volvo am I has been great with all my last minute calls and stop bys. The prices were always fair and repairs were made extremely fast! I will continue taking my car there as long as I have a volvo :) "I was informed by Volvo I Am that I needed a new AC compressor at a cost of $1300. I had a second opinion at the Volvo dealership who told me that my AC unit was just fine. In addition to the unethical business practices of this shop I stopped by for new wiper blades on my C70.  They didn't have in stock but where able to obtain within a couple of hours.  I drove back and had my new blades installed in minutes all for the price of the part only.  I will go back again next week for a maintenance check.  and the second visit was as positive as the first.  Volvo Am I Fane"  it's a nice shop and they really know their way around a Volvo."  so it's worth it.  They  seemed reasonable on the price factor anyway.  The owner clearly loves Volvos and used to have a really neat 1800 out front."  I'm no longer a happy customer." Keep it up and thanks!"  and integrity as a customer. This 240GL Volvo has driven 19 years and over 300 thousand miles thanks to Ted and Mark and three other great mechanics that have since retired.  Thank you Ted and Mark." They will be our go to repair place for these needs from now on."  wonderful service! We love this Mad Hatter location!"  it's really nice to know that there are honest mechanics out there willing to help YOU save money.  I will definitely recommend this shop to anyone needing muffler/CC/brake work in the future."  efficient and honest.  When I showed up a little after 8am there were already 2 cars ahead of me.  Mark gave me a realistic time estimate for my free brake check and after the diagnosis It's a really great shop and I'm happy I brought my car here. Any brake or muffler jobs are worth taking to Mad Hatter for sure." "This place is awesome! I came in based on the previous reviews and I wasn't disappointed. My car was sounding like a rice rocket Thanks guys!   Highly recommend!" So so so lucky and very glad that there are still honest and competent mechanics out there! Take your muffler and brake problems here I live in the neighborhood and wanted to support local businesses. The guys at Mad Hatter did an efficient job on my brakes. I felt they were honest and stood by their work. They did what they said and charged a fair price. I recommend! "Mark is the most professional and knowledgeable mechanic I have ever met. Fair prices and real customer service. Thank you so much for doing what you do! If you ever read this  1500 by brakes plus. the guys at a neighboring honda repair shop quoted me 1200 but he sent me over to see Angel. Cut out the old one and welded in the new one in about half and hour for around 300. my car  has 135000 miles. 2 year 24000 mile warranty. very happy. the engine light is now off and i saved alot of money. no nonsense and honest."  and they replaced the dented section of pipe. I would absolutely recommend these guys to anyone and will definitely return if I need any exhaust work done in the future. A 5 star shop!" I brought them my exhaust I purchased online that wasn't fitting properly. In 25 minutes it was welded on and sounding great. Solid solid solid. Thank-You again!  bring your vehicle  to Mark or Angle; for job done right. Thank you guys.........2001 Jeep Wrangler ;sounds and looks great" "Stopped by Mad Hatter today to have a MagnaFlow muffler installed on my car. This is a first come first served run business. They do not make appointments. You walk in and they take care of you. And I mean Do yourself a favor and try them out." Pretty sad.  Any mechanic with some integrity could do well in this city  friendly and reasonable.  They do great work the first time and explain everything in plain English.  Highly recommend them.  Actually  reliable service. Rarely do I have to come back for the same issue. My uncle from pit of town who has had his own shop for 30 years said he would take his var here go if he had to. Hearing that from my uncle just reinforced how I feel about this place. They know me not just my car. Will come here until I move or they close. Honest guys!" Was referred to them through a friend and I couldn't have been more happy with this referral. Hands down anytime I need anything done for my car I will be going here and I would send friends and family here in a heartbeat!!!" Came in for brakes squeezing. Said still had life left in pads just dirty. They cleaned it up and sent me on my way.  I'll be back when they need changed. I regularly drive across town to take my vehicles to these guys. They have always helped me to save money when they could and they will not do a job half way. "I've been taking my Jeep here for service for a couple years.  Great customer service "I cannot say enough great things about Inmans!!!  Jay and Jeff are always super helpful and patient with me.  I am a girl and I know nothing about cars.  I just want my car to work well and Inmans takes care of me every time.  They will pick you up and drop you off  they will take great care of you."  Jeff worked with me.  I appreciate the fact that Inman helps take the stress off of an already stressful situation.  Opposed to the many pseudo-mechanics which flood the market and prey on the uninitiated  and see money signs.  Not at Inman's!  They did a FREE inspection and then had a frank discussion with me about when to get the belt and hose maintenance work done.  And the price they quoted was several hundred dollars cheaper than the price quoted by the one other mechanic that I talked with (by telephone).  Inman's certainly earned my respect today and they will earn my dollars in the future."  the issue of new front struts and squeaking and rocking upon braking persist. The car has not felt remotely right since it was in their hands. Will go to second opinion Tobias in Cave Creek next time. They seem far more on top of things."  going to Inman & Sons made everything better! They were very friendly and honest. The belt was $120 installed which Power Jeep quoted me $210. I chose to go here after reading reviews on Yelp and am sure glad I did. I will be going to Inman from here on out!" "I have been a loyal customer of Inman & Sons for years. They are amazing....do great work....no high-pressure sales/repair tactics.....friendly  and took the time to walk me through exactly which parts needed to be replaced and why.  They even showed me the parts they took off the car.  Seriously "I can say with great confidence that Inman & Sons is by far the best automotive place I have ever been to in my entire life. I've taken my car here multiple times and I've had nothing but good experiences. They are very honest with their work. I got several estimates all over the Valley for a repair that needed to get done. While the other places were wanting to charge over $350 plus labor "I have used these guys for years on 4 different auto's and found them to be reliable and trustworthy.  Not much more to be said.  Since car's can't talk and most drivers identify symptoms by sounds and driving intuition "These guys are ""as good as it gets.""  Super friendly "This is THE place to go for any auto repair needs.  Jeff and his crew did some work on my Jeep and I couldn't be happier.  They're very friendly and knowledgeable.  I had a bad experience with a shop in Mesa who pretty much took me for a ride.  While Inman & Sons is a bit out of my way from east Mesa  changed fuel injctectors and added an expensive fuel additive WITHOUT advising me. Added more then $250 to my final bill which is not the issue. My issue is they did not ask me and frankly feel these decision were mine to make not theirs It's rare to receive an estimate for auto repairs and the actual bill comes in significantly less than expected!  Thanks for your integrity and honesty!  avoid a guy named Frank who claims to have over twenty years experience and works out of his garage on Griswald!!!!!) who screwed my car up badly!!!!!  James and Murray fixed it up and charged me a fair price for all the work they did.  I would recommend them to anyone who needs this kind of work done on their car." Had to have car seat repaired because seam was coming undone.  Schedule a time with James. They got it done same day just like they promised. Work looks good.  Shop is really cool and old school.  Lots of cool old cars around.  These guys are the real deal.  Almost makes me want to put in a whole new interior just to have an excuse to use them again (but not willing to spend the $2k to have it done). "Had a small piece of my beige driver's seat replacesd due to a small hole beginning from wear.  Beige is SO DIFFICULT to match.   Top shop did an amazing job....replaced the piece and matched it perfectly.  Great friendly staff and finished as promised.    Highest recommendation.  If you need this sort of work done Great job on redoing the top on our Mitsubishi. Fast and very friendly service. You guys rock! Keep up the good work. Love the VW's too!  or for taking money for not fixing the car.  if your business satisfies a majority of customers and continues to get you referrals Arrogance only gets you so far in life. I walked out of here with a serious bad taste in my mouth." Been going to Atwood for many years now first with my VW and now with my BMW and Benz.  Atwood has saved me much money over going to the dealers.   Everyone is extremely friendly and always makes you feel comfortable there.   The techs are always happy to answer questions about your vehicle and fix only what is necessary. Super nice guys all around and very competent.  in the end I spend less since they know how to properly fix my car.. I only wish that I could give negative stars but 1 star is the lowest I can give. Don't be one of their sucker customers." Thanks for the honesty & great service!"  even though I know that's not true cause I just replaced the pads myself months before. I was returned the car with grease marks on my seats and carpet from them doing an inspection on the battery (located under drivers seat). And had to ask if they don't mind cleaning it. Among that a trim piece was now missing and I was told it was never there even though I bought the car new and never had the battery changed before. Upon leaving the shop I notice the ""service now"" light flashed back on. I had clearly made a statement to Andrew to make sure the light was reset after completion of the oil change; they failed to do that. I returned to the shop and asked to have it reset and I was told ""can you come back tomorrow  they do tell me things that need done immediately and things that can wait.  They are the best!" EMLEE7T0HScynyuVPw56hw i ended up bringing it back because the problem wasnt fixed and the owner Andrew would ask me to bring it back to fix it right.he even got upset once because i DID bring it back.every time i ended up taking it somewhere else or a dealership to get fixed correctly.so its like paying 2 shops because ATWOOD EUROPEAN cant accomplish the mision.i even referred a few new customers to him when i first started going there and they all had bad experiences as well.ANDREW 5CgGQRXx_3TA8WQiKEmhhA Andrew has made an effort to step up his customer service in regard to my wife's car. He has shown that he is concerned and willing to try and provide dependable service. We appreciate his recent efforts. "My Mercedes C63 AMG came to Atwood european with a very complex engine issue. Even the dealer was scratching their head as to the problem. Atwood European took the time to go through every possible thing that could be causing my car to to not run good. After a few days time It is very obvious that the owner knows his stuff to properly diagnose your vehicle without raking you over the coals. The prices are far below the dealership and the quality of service is outstanding! If you need a ride to or from the shop while your vehicle is being repaired  and showed me the leaking valve cover gaskets. Replacing the gaskets will protect the wires even longer. An honest mechanic who does what he promises when he promises. I'll be taking the Crossfire there from now on." I continue to use Atwood for my 2005 Mercedes and have been exceptionally pleased with the quality of work and the level of service.  Highly recommended. There should be a  negative  star rating...." My car is a dream to drive since Andrew has worked on it." Worst place that I've ever been. I paid $108 for an estimate. Andrew was rude and lied right to my face. He quoted $1100. to replace a part that just needed to be cleaned and lubricated. I did it myself for under $5. in materials. Andrew is the only one in town who took the time to get my 308 past emissions. He built a muffler system and got it through every year. He knows older Ferrari's and other exotics... He saved me a lot of money and headache.  which I would not have purchased without having a great technician like Andrew. I have never met a more honest and straightforward person in my life. He goes the extra mile to solve your problem at the least cost to you. He always stands behind  his work and I have never Best is the business! Andrew and his staff are very professional and way more affordable then the dealer! Saved us tons of money on repairs over the years! Thanks for looking out for us! Don't believe the negative reviews! Like they say cant please everyone! Thanks Again Andrew Andrew has gone above and beyond in value and customer service. We wouldn't take our car anywhere else at this time. Andrew also has a fantastic network of referral partners to assist you when in need of additional services. Atwood European provides a much needed and welcome service to the valley.  honest assessment and reasonable pricing for your services. Great communications and high level of expertise. I know my service would have been greatly inflated at the outside dealership. See you again soon." "I needed to go back for a non-related follow-up. Andrew took care of the issue  Andrew takes good care of my car for way less and only does what needed to be done . Guys are super nice there   suspension and drive train.  I wouldn't trust my car anywhere else.  If you have a classic this is the best shop in town.  But if you're looking for a shop for your daily driver  my impression of it was that it was a boutique muscle car place.  When a friend told me that he had all of his cars serviced there for years I was intrigued.  I took my 2002 Tahoe in for an eval and Phil and his team were thorough and objective in their analysis and explanation.  I liked that they weren't ""selling"" or pushy but really just matter of fact in giving me my options--- from keeping it running and stable to really fixing it up.   Their rate is extremely competitive and they over-delivered on timing and service.  If anything I took my car to the Toy Box to have them take a second look at $800 worth of work - strut replacement - that another valley mechanic had quoted me.  Turns out there was nothing wrong with my struts and they saved me $800!!  Their honesty and integrity will be remembered and they have gained a customer for life!  Thanks again Phill and crew...you guys are the best!!" Father and son operated." Used them twice and always deal straight. Saved me $300 from the missed diagnosis received from Performance Radiator."  and had me back on the road in less than 2 hours.  I was in a bind and needed the car that afternoon.  I am very thankful for their outstanding customer service.  The cost of the job was explained to me before they began the repair and was very reasonable.  I will definitely return to Hay's Radiator Service in the future and recommend these folks to others." "They restored/re-cored the original radiator in my 64 chevy pickup from a 2 row to a 4. You can tell they put pride in their work. It looks brand new!  Great customer service  forthright and caring as John when it comes to doing an excellent job and providing dependable customer service you can count on. No B.S. a real #StraightShooter. To see video John made of my radiator before & after  transmission fluid and the radiator was all mud. They fixed everything and charged less than I was expecting. Very experienced and polite staff. They fix more than just radiators. Totally happy with the experience."  competent shop. I don't really know how much you can say about an auto repair shop other than they get it right. They are a very honest and straight forward group I live one block away and they are good but I have a 21 year old car that is also a fairly rare model (300CE). They are located on the morning drive side of 16th Street and open at 7:00am and close at 5:30pm." The staff is super friendly and they get you in and out quickly. Couldn't have better things to say about them. They literally saved me thousands of dollars!!!" I honestly could not say enough good things about this shop.  They have saved me a lot of money of the years.  Just try them once. You won't regret it."  I wanted to find an honest place that wasn't going to try and upsale me.  I didn't have any other transportation and I also wanted get a manicure down the street.  They were so nice  they stand by their warranties 100%...which is equally important.  I trust Martin's Auto I will definitely be bringing my car back here for future service." "I met the owner at a Local First Arizona event and love that they are a neighborhood shop that takes pride in their workmanship and customer service. The shop and waiting area is clean  and gave a great run down on the prices for things that I needed work on my car. Next time my car breaks down  it was) and under the hood there were bolts sitting on the side by the battery. I have no idea if they belong to my vehicle. There was also a rag tucked on the other side of the hood. The plastic cover on my neg. battery cable was sitting by the valve cover instead of being put back on or discarded. And the wiring harness which was accessed during the repair was not rewrapped and the wire that was worked on was completely exposed. I wanted to take the truck back but I was pretty soured on the lack of care for the work that was done. I will keep looking for a mechanic that gives me more bang for my buck."  and I open my mail box to see a hand written Thank You post card from these guys saying they appreciate my business. Never have I ever received a post card from ANY company  he told me a better use of my money would be to find another used car.   I'm a loyal customer and you will be too once you've been here." "David and Glenn are really good guys. Hard to find people to trust in a 'big' city. Was recommended by someone I trusted greatly and have been a regular there with three different cars for two and a half years. Will do good honest work and not charge you for services you don't request. Glenn will often put together a list of things that can be done to better the car Google serendipitously brought me to Martin's Yelp page.  I called and spoke with Glen there and they were able to get my vehicle in the next day.  They gave me a fair quote and a helpful list of maintenance items to be aware of for the future if I chose to repair them.  Everyone that I spoke with here was really kind  I brought my car in again  last week to get it in shape to pass emissions-my tags were seriously expired and the check engine light had been on for a few months. glen kept me informed on everything that needed to be done  everyone is always very professional and friendly. I don't live far - so I'm always able to get a ride to or from the shop.    I trust them and they do good work.  What more can you ask for." Best part? They always leave a cute little treat for you in your car when you come to pick it up. How can you not leave with a smile?"  & they can also give you a ride home or work." Martin's Auto Repair is absolutely top notch!" "They replaced the clutch in my Nissan Frontier about a year ago. After comparing prices for the job "Hard to find an auto repair place you can trust. I have been here twice and they are trustworthy  I received a phone call explaining the options as far as types of oil and an explanation of the benefits of one over another. Though a little pricey "Martin's is truly wonderful. I've had my Jeep for 15 years and they take excellent care of it. I've never once felt as though they're making unneeded repairs. Anytime I have a concern regarding my Jeep Dave is wonderful and everyone is so friendly. They told me exactly what was wrong with my car and to bring it in again just to make sure it was handled correctly. I'll definitely make the drive from tempe to here." "I went to this auto shop about a year ago and they wanted to charge me $1k for replacing valve cover gaskets and other odds and ends.  Well  sometimes Auto Shops are a bit difficult to deal with but These guys treat me with the utmost respect and I am confident in there service!  Local owned and family operated too These guys took me in first thing in the morning even though they had a full day scheduled. I was having issues with my Stabilitrak and traction control system. The problem was diagnosed and fixed in a few short hours even with a full schedule. I even overheard a conversation with the technician telling the customer they were going to cover the repair cost related to their vehicle since they had worked on a supporting part in the past. Usually a shop will tell you to find the receipt and bring it in to them before they will ever cover work that they've done in the past but this was the complete opposite. You just don't get that these days!! It's extremely out of my way to go to the shop but I will continue to bring my business back here. uKNp1tdMEibbriPE9bhZKg Thank you for the great care." Will be bringing the other car there for sure and recommending to friends!" Honest and friendly staff that have superb workmanship. What more could you ask for? (Maybe a free shuttle home while your car is getting worked on or a goodie bag left as a thank you? Yep they have that too)  and I see them constantly going above & beyond to offer amazing service to all clients. I feel lucky to have found this place!"  on time on budget and honest.  I highly recommend using him - i will again."  you can trust Martin's Auto Repair.  I recently moved to Phoenix from WI and wanted to establish myself with a dependable auto repair service.  When I ""tried them out"" with an oil change  even providing me with a free diadnostic. I will definitely be a long time customer."  I can get a ride to work and they even put a treat on my seat with a ""thank you"" when they are done! Love it!"  and had the truck on the round again in no time. I became an instant fan. A few days later I took my car in. Their inspection identified the source of my concern and also identified other safety issues. Glenn helped me sort out what needed to be done now and what could wait until my budget was ready to comply. I can't say enough positive things about this shop. They are all professional "Took my car into the dealership for warranty work and found out I needed new front brakes and rotors.  The cost?  $800.  No thanks!  So I shopped around for a service shop that works on German cars and found Auto Europa.  They offered the best price (half of what my dealership wanted)  but a good body shop and great mechanic are priceless tokens!! And when I had a BMW the guys at Auto Europa were my best friends :) (to put it in perspective  and I also intend on notifying the dealership I purchased my vehicle from of the issues in the hopes that they choose another BMW shop in the future to service any used BMW's that come onto their lot.  What a complete and utter nightmare."  the owner has been very professional and gone out of his way to resolve any issues. Jason runs an above board operation and I would recommend my grandmother to these guys. Thank you." I was able to get a car with low down payment and bad credit. No one else would give me a loan. They did  after finding out that Auto-Europa actually owned the car and was responsible I tried calling to get insurance information. I spoke with Jason who was rude and dismissive and refused to give me any info so now I have to hire an attorney to file a civil suit. If this salesman Joseph Pratt and the owner/manager Jason are any indication of the type of service and sales it's my duty to warn everyone of their scumbag practices."  first month worth of payments and all the towing)... Words of advise...STAY AWAY FROM THESE PEOPLE. There are way better dealers in the valley that will help you. We now have to save up for another down payment for a different car. They can eat s**t."  This is your 3rd accident without insurance and you still manage to maintain a legal drivers license( amazing). You then decide to take legal action against the person you hit. You are one of the reasons that the legal system is filled with frivolous lawsuits. Just another example of someone looking for something for nothing."  my fault for not looking at the mileage. Two days later the truck is making a horrible noise and it sounds like the it is about to fall apart. I pull over only to find that the driver right front tire was in shreds! It turns out that the tire that blew was the wrong size for the rim. The rest were on their way because they were all dry-rotted. My boyfriends dad takes care of the tire issues Way to go Auto Europa/ EZ Pay car and truck!!!"  but I saw the service bays and figured I would ask if they could help me. Ricardo immediately came and looked at my car. He showed me that a belt broke and then told me the reason my steering wheel locked up was cause my pulley broke as well. He was able to get the parts and fix my car in under an hour and charged me less than any other shop would have. I am definitely coming back next time I need repairs!"  call Ted and Bob's and they'll fix you up for a good fair price." Shop looks kinda rough but who cares. Great service at a fair price.  All you could ask for. Very fair and feel like family after a short while. My favorite place and recommend to my neighbors!  tank filled all while relaxing in an air conditioned sitting area.  The prices are on the high side and it can be quite busy.    I'm still looking for a cheap place to get my car washed Check out Quick n Clean on 16th Street and Colter - Fabulous!  Inexpensive.  Excellent customer service!"  but it doesn't compare to some of the exotic French and Italian stuff I used to have.  I still feel it should get the same attention  and it looked like I got the basic wash. They didn't even get all of the tar (my main reason for detailing) off of the guards. I will never go back. I would rather do it myself than be so mad that I wasted the money everytime I go to Danny's. Ok  Danny's fixed it for me for the bargain price of $79.99 (is this a bragain????) and they shampooed the carpets too.  I'm just happy the paint isn't forever ruined now.  I hate HS kids." Expression on my face :(" They did leave the earphones  you should be ashamed to put your name on this joke of a car wash.  And I should be double ashamed to have run my car through this place repeatedly over the years.   What am I thinking?  I'm an idiot.  Never again." pjtB4FadDdq_DeyedjDsOw  so the average high school fundraiser car wash could achieve that... it's the inside job that always disappoints. I think they do only a cursory pass over the large surface areas inside  which begs the response she provided 'your employees saw me get out of the vehicle - i would have had to roll the window down to do that'.  He was NOT interested in taking any responsibility and said they had looked all over for her - it was 5:20 and my wife and daughter were inside the waiting area and there was only ONE other customer in the building.  None of what he said was true and when my wife looked at the cashier - who had started to speak up - the manager stared her down.  My wife said 'are you going to coax her into lying now because she knows no one came to find us as you are saying'?  Here's the reality - and yeah i watched Columbo as a kid - was after hours A little advice brother....  get out of that corporate jet and get on the front line with your employees.  Roll your sleeves up and get your hands dirty.  maybe the employees will start doing a good job on the cars.  If they do not have ANY attention to detail  or pay again at Lindstroms.  I think I will pay again and go to Lindstroms - I've been a big fan ever since they got raided by the Country's Worst Sheriff:)  You get raided by Sheriff Joe  You say no and you dont get charged. They have overlooked things like screwing my anntena back on. ( I didnt even know it could come off ). They have also not used the air freshener that I liked and payed for but these are little things and every business will make a mistake. They have always corrected it when I point it out. I would never leave expensive things in my car anyway that is asking for trouble and I will continue to give Danny's my business but I will keep an eye out in the future."  I'm regretting it. My car is still dirty but now I have messed up tint on my back window! I have no idea how they managed to mess up factory tint but now every time I look out my review mirror it's a reminder of how terrible this place is. When I brought this to there attention a guy with gold teeth pretended like he all of a sudden didn't speak english! I didn't have the time to try and speak with anyone else but  or more than one vehicle (the husband and I went at the same time).  They did a pretty good job cleaning up the interior of my toddler-invaded car.  Thank goodness... I thought those juice stains would be there forever!"  but not anymore.  I don't recommend it really unless you are desperate."  they are really too expensive for what you get. They also get mad/rude if you don't upgrade to all the things they offer you. The sales guy at the beginning got grouchy with me and literally stopped talking to me as soon as I said So I'm going to try somewhere else. Getting my car washed there is too much work for me."  the mats needed vacuuming and the windows needed to be wiped.  I asked the Dannys team member if they could get the grime off the rims and he took his finger to check and said yeah.   I walked in  and asked the sales clerk ""the drill"" as I never been to Danny's before and they told me where to wait.  The wash excellent They are ok...but I think I will stick to Los Olivos on 3rd and McDowell."  the selling factor is over the top. First a man  came up and tried to push an oil change on me. 2 times. Then another man tried to push carpet shampooing on me So bad that I go out of my way not to use a Danny's Family Car Wash!"  small scratches that I'm pretty sure would have come out anywhere else. The kicker was on the inside of the windshield there were 2 spots where parking permits had left a residue (one with part of the paper liner still attached) and they didn't do ANYTHING to try to remove ANY of it. I drove away  was pressured into a detail thinking it would clean the exterior of my car because jorge was looking at the EXTERIOR of my car when he said it! But NO! I spent 60 bucks on the interior of my car that doesn't even have mats or need a detail! AND the detail didn't even include the actual car wash which was an additional charge! I will NEVER GO THERE AGAIN! worst service No thanks. Wash my car for free a few times to prove you know how to do it "Bad wash as usual and NO customer service. Now they expect you to do what they can do in 30 seconds (change my new license plate number in their system) - now the customer has to go online and do it. Convenient yes - but never going back!!! The good news is they get you in and out quickly Got my car in and out quickly  Danny's is VERY convenient is good value if you stick to your guns and I will definitely use them again."  they did not try to high pressure me into upgrades. They dried out the door jams. And the windshield was streak free. I'll be back often."  but the hard core up-selling of detailing & oil changes leaves me irritated & exhausted from saying ""no"" several times. I don't think I can go through it again would not suggest you go here if you are on a tight budget i went to get just a basic wash done (exterior only) yea it turns out they require at least one special upgrade to go through so i did it because my lexus was really dirty from the dust storm and all the rain the previous day the car came out good cant complain there but come on just wanted to go in and out thats it wtf Its too bad because I like the concept of Dannys and the convenience."  I walked around the truck. I asked if they were going to actually dry it  or was that extra?  Had to get them to finish washing the spots off. The windshield is still dirty. Had to remind them to put the antenna back on.   Could understand if they were busy . I'm not sure where to go unfortunately because I can't seem to find ANY decent car wash in the valley anymore i got the impression from the people that work there that I'm at a car dealership. lol they try and upsell you everything they can think of. NO SIR i just want my car washed. i needed up falling for it and ended up paying $100 to have my car detailed. and to be honest it wasn't worth. yes my car came out clean but not what i was expecting for dropping $100 bucks! they left water spots  please stop alwasy trying to up sell me."  but I was disappointed. I drove away with waterspots and later noticed that the bird poop on my car hadn't been cleaned properly. Its partly my fault - I  should have checked  or person who has no hope for a decent shot at a career- get a job at Danny's on E Highland Ave. I tried this because my regular car wash is closed on Sundays.. I would recommend everyone go to Hot Shots on 16th street. The management there has some integrity requirements when they hire employees." Time to find a new place to get my car washed."  and it has been done for who knows how long. The guy who originally took my car said he would call me when it was done. Obviously that didn't happen since my car was finished and I was waiting for nothing. I read the other reviews while I waited  another guy got in to park it. He was driving my car hard like a race car...just like the young man before him. I told him that I'd appreciate it if he didn't drive my car or any other customer's cars like that. He looked at me with a smirk and pretended like he didn't speak English. They obviously have no respect for other people's personal vehicles or opinions." I am extremely unhappy. I have tried to contact the management.  Let's see if anyone cares enough to email or call me back. Otherwise - do not go here. EVER."  April Blair Childs-Brossman"  so I think I'm done with Danny's."  the price doubled.  The salesman thought it was really funny.  The manager backed him.  I used to be a regular customer (four cars!) for many years.  Time to move onto another car wash company."  regardless of the other posts I have seen.  Detail service is overpriced for the attention of detail...but the washes are good to me."  but definitely not on a regular basis.. and sorry dude  however the quality began to lapse so I moved on. I picked up a groupon a few weeks ago to give them another try.  Well even at the discount it was not worth it.  The service is still lackluster Read the other reviews on this place.  It's stay away or you are throwing your money away plus you'll get intimidated or insulted for your trouble." I do like to have a clean ride for the holiday and they did really come through with that." "I went to Danny's this weekend to get an oil change and car wash and I paid for a VIP car wash.   After picking up my car I was disappointed that there was still dirt on my car floor.  I later noticed that money I had in my car for parking was missing.  I'm highly upset that I paid for these services  so horrible. Please don't get your car washed here! This is a quick and convenient car wash for me  sales or detailing manager told me that I only bought to only have left side of door waxed and tried to sell me another wax which I already bought and clearly indicated on paperwork Finally  it was a big let down from a customer loyalty standpoint  but was talked into getting a full car detail.  Which in actuality I was fine with since my car was in need of some tlc.  When I asked how long it would take to be done I was told 45 minutes to an hour.  I paid the cashier at 2:28.  At 3:30 I started to get antsy and at 4:35 when my car still was not done I was so over it.  My car was finally done at 4:45.  The car looked great and they really put in work on it  I don't know if I just got lucky... or if everyone is a bit dramatic when it comes to their car washes. 4 stars and a repeat customer."  you have to use rubbing alcohol to get the crap off even though it is supposedly bad for your paint. I wish I had removed the sap myself BEFORE going to Danny's but Upselling is out of control" Go somewhere where your car actually comes out clean though." then detail the sh#* out if it. they have enough men there. Why so sloppy. I swear my lazy azz could have done better. I took it back pointed out the obvious pjtB4FadDdq_DeyedjDsOw  too. There's nothing to make a girl feel more self conscious about her reliable yet boring Toyota like watching her car get ignored and left with water spots drying on it while all the guys working gather around to take pictures of themselves cleaning a Lamborghini."  you have to tell them or pop the trunk so they get the message. My car is always cleaned perfectly and the service is fast. Definitely we keep coming here especially since it's less than a mile from my house. The only thing that I hate is that they always try to sell you gas First they need to back off on the up selling and the outrageous prices. 25 bucks for a 12 dollar air filter that is still mostly white? They try to sucker the uneducated with their ""ill cut you a deal and do it for $xx."" No thanks. Car was poorly cleaned and vacuum job was miserable. Only nice part was that my trip was quick and the inside of the building is AC controlled." Be sure to ask if your car is ready yet. They forget to announce it sometimes and leave you in the lobby waiting for Christmas. GOT TO LOVE IT !!!!!!!" "I have always had a pretty good experience at Danny's. They are a pretty well-oiled machine. I was a little nervous after the raid that things would have changed but it wasn't bad! I was in and out in 10minutes. I liked that I was able to tip the guys that actually worked on my car. My only recommendation is to be patient  even refused to help another employee asking for assistance cause ""it's his cousin and he can say that"". That vehicle had to be run through the car wash because it waited too long." DO NOT GO HERE! They will rob you and then give you back a dirty car!"  and I noticed that 1/2 of my change/quarter pouch and all of my gum was gone. What the hell. My $5 car wash just became a $15 car wash. I called and complained I'm tempted to take it to Jiffy Lube to have them check the fluids to see if they even topped them off. There was an attitude of less than mediocre at this place.  Unfortunately Arrived there at 3:48PM today.  Had the VIP done with some detailing and was told it should take around 45 minutes.  Left there at 5:52PM.  They did a good job with the actual cleaning of the vehicle but being grossly mislead on the turn around time was inexcusable and enough to prevent me from coming back or recommending the company to anyone. I'm over this place. Never Again!!" I'd rather go to Francis and Sons on 7th St even though it takes twice as long. As least I know everything will be cleaned"  I actually feel the need to take my car somewhere else to be checked to make sure they actually changed the oil. Needless to say  unless they want get get their car wrecked and deal with pathetic customer service." I think we're done with Danny's.  The pushy upsell and then overpriced  I paid extra to wipe down the doors and inside of the car and there were still marks all over the back trunk area from my dogs. The windows weren't wiped down because the writing from the type of wash I was getting was still completely legible and lastly  sloppy dry. They had my car for 1hr 40min and still did not manage to find time to dry the car nor finish wiping down the inside. I don't know if they don't have enough employees or the employees they do have just don't care but I'm highly disappointed. My car seemed worse off than it did when it went in. Next time I will go to Los Olivos. Even a Clean Freak $3 wash would be far superior to the yuckiness we experienced here." 000 miles.  I have taken my car to several places to get the oil changed.  Today I needed to have it done again and thought I would go at lunch by work.  I went online and visited their website and even printed a coupon for a complete oil change for $28.99. No hidden cost or shop fees the coupon said.  When I arrived my car was put in line for service. Approximately 45 minutes later a tech can in to tell me that my transmission fluid need to be changed or it was going to burn up.  When I told him I had it done at 65 I am waiting for the general managers response."  if I could give even less stars they would get it. Absolutely terrible!" pjtB4FadDdq_DeyedjDsOw  I wouldn't. Plain and simple." When Danny's Dysfunctional Family Carwash starts offering body and fender repair services along with their mediocre car washes... customers beware!"  after an hour half they forgot to vacuum the back!! There was trash under the seats  my car is old so I was willing to give Danny's a chance. I would never take a recently purchased car to this place for the reasons above and what others have said." Won't be back...these guys stole all my Change out of my console...generally you expect random coins in the cup holders to be taken...but they went into a closed console and stole an entire change holder...don't give these guys your business!!!  UNPROFESSIONAL AND DOWNRIGHT RUDE. Three best words to explain what a horrific experience I had at this Danny's for the first (and most definitely last) time this last Tuesday. I had just gotten my car back from the shop and decided to get a full interior detail done. I live right off 16th and highland so it was a convenient choice. Well boy was I the fool to think 80 bucks would get me a somewhat decently clean car....to my shock it was actually WORSE then before I went in and wasted my money. They actually took a small contained coffee stain in the back seat and somehow spread the stain all over my cloth seats "If you own an expensive car DO NOT BRING YOUR CAR HERE.  I have a brand new 640i Convertible and it does not fit in their wash.  Front lower bumper scrapes.  Besides they do a horrible job  they were barely used. There was still dirt debris and leaves under my driver seat but they had time to steal my car care products. What a joke! I again asked for a manager to voice my frustration and in return a towel boy came out asking do I still need help with my windows. I ended up just leaving in  utter disgust coupled with shock that places like this really exist. I have encouraged all of my friends "I've been here countless times and the service is always above par. A quality wash on a full size truck in under 30 min Now I need to find a new place!" The best way to waste your money: 13$ and your car is just enough cleaned outside and not vacuumed inside at all. 1h waiting. Worst service ever!!!! Stay away from this place. Even if the Group on said FREE we will never ever go back. Oh yeah when you call the corporate office no one calls you back. Awesome customer service." When I took the Lexus I was greeted by the manager (he said) they said they would not do the buffing/wax for the agreed upon price I had.  The manager wanted $80.00 more.  I told him NO your guy told me this price.  I said I wanted a refund and he said they don't give refunds.  If you still want to go this place be sure to get everything (explicitly) you want done in writing and signed by the manager.  Not that the manager won't change his mind when you get your car done."  but convenient location for me. Too bad the management can't manage the staff. It is a case of the inmates running the prison I wonder if all of the locations are experiencing a similar decline.  I will never return."  and your gas tank filled for $0.20/gallon more than Cobblestone Auto Spa. I politely cancelled my wash (due to the badgering for upgrades and oil change) and the woman did not remove the writing on my window "When will I learn my lesson? Since the ""raids"" the quality of the staff has gotten really horrible. Terribly aggressive greeters who are trying to upsell you so hard that it gets really uncomfortable. Also  so that's 2+ man hours and I didn't have to do squat. Do yourself a big favor: 1. go to any other car wash and find that the final product is similar then price it out. 2. wash your car yourself and time how long it takes you and if you're as happy with the results (or if you no longer care about that one water spot.) 3. empty out your car of valuables before you ever turn the keys over to anyone...always...why tempt it? 4. If you know there's crushed pretzels in your door handle and you want them removed You've lost a long-time customer and hopefully many others for employing thieves and liars."  only to come back and find it untouched. A promise to have it done in one hour "The worst customer service you could ever imagine!  I read the reviews and still bought a groupon because they are so close by our home.   They refused to accept our groupon because their computers were allegedly down upgrading their groupon program.  Their cashier Tereasa  had plenty of attitude in telling us that there was no way possible to redeem our groupon  and they were not concerned.  They know exactly what they are doing and have no shame.  They are thieves."  as I was driving away I noticed it hadn't even been wiped down inside. I would have driven back to complain  but there's nothing we can do about it"".  I didn't return until today as they had a coupon for an oil change & car wash online & I was in the area - I figured I would give them another chance.  I was overcharged for the services  the car sits there several minutes before it's driven away to be washed. In not sure if this is just bad luck or what  it is an unpleasant experience.  The upselling is obnoxious and they a half-assed job." Moral of the story we've called corporate and they were again very rude and dismissive. Did I mention they hung up on my wife? I don't expect Danny's to look into it and I don't want them to pay for my repair. Just want people to know this is how they treat their customers. Thanks Bye." "I used to be a huge Danny's fan.  Last couple of trips the washes have been less than stellar but what is more concerning is the rude behavior of the workers on the finish line.  Whistling when an attractive woman comes out to the car pick up area I will drive the distance for a better place in the future. Convenience is no longer worth the compromised service." If I could give them a lower score I would. Horrible decline in quality of service. Very low morale of employees leading to poor service. Used to be great and I would go there before any other car wash or other service. This place is the worst. I haven't had the best experiences here in the past but I decided to give it another try. The service has gotten worse. They told me 45 minutes for a car wash and shampoo of the seats and almost two hours later they still weren't finished. To make matters worse they took belongings out of my car and forgot to put it back in. I asked for a full refund and they said they only can only give free car washes. What kind  of customer service is that? I will not be going there ever again. "The wash was OK and didn't take too long. But I had a coupon for an oil change so I had them change it. During that process the mechanic told me the power steering fluid was very old and detrimental to the power steering pump. I agreed to let them change that as I was planning on a long trip the next day. Two weeks later my battery died and the dealership replacing it called to tell me my power steering fluid was very old and that although the sticker on my windshield indicated my oil had just been changed Find a hog wash for $3 and with free vacuum.  It will be just as good and will only be 10 minutes." Advice for people debating going here: Don't go here. Spend a little more. Go somewhere with customer service and professional value." "Danny's carwash is awesome. I've been bringing my truck here for years for the maintenance and carwashes. They do an awesome job. I don't know why there's so many one star reviews  and not because they do a good job either. I hate this place today. It's very slow so almost no staff. So my car has been setting for 10 minutes now with nobody in line." Nice staff and hard workers! Be sure to tip the guys up front vacuuming and not just on the tail end... Think about it: which do you think is harder !? lol" If we could put 0 stars we would. For what they charge they barely clean your car even if you ask for detailing. How can anyone be so bad at running a car wash? Then one of our windshield wipers got hit and torn off in the car wash and left a crack. When we asked for them to fix the $7 problem they lied to us and said it wasn't their problem. Then one of the workers who was obviously on meth started going tweeker crazy just by us asking them to fix their mistake. Everyone who works there is high on either meth or crack and they don't even try to hide it. How is this place still open? "This place is the worst. I've never left there feeling like my car was clean. The inside of the windshield is always smeared and the console barely gets wiped off. It doesn't matter which wash you pay for they do the same crap job. I'd gone there a couple times and was very unhappy with the job they did but when they offered the groupon I went ahead and bought it. I thought I'd give them another chance despite seeing them on the news for the ICE raids. I thought maybe they'd have made some improvements but alas they've failed me again. On my way home from getting my car washed I realized they hadn't cleaned the console and the windshield looked awful yet again. So when it rained the next day and I took the car back for their ""rain check wash"" I asked them to clean the console. When checking out the guy inside was a total jerk and told me they don't clean the inside for a rain check. So I explained to him I had just been in and it should've been done the first time. My original car wash took less than 15 minutes but the rain check took over 30. How does that make any sense?! There's no consistency and it's just so obvious they don't care about their customers or reputation at all. Despite this being the closest car wash to my house  they got served right away.  I had to get out of my car in order to get someone's attention.   When I walked into the store I was hit in the face with the overpowering smell of Pinesol.  Seriously  no matter how much they push you. Its not worth the money and time. Also as discussed about "Went to get my car washed today and had just left the bank.  I had put the cash in my center console and realized i had forgotten to take it out before it made it out of the wash. I stayed by the car door the entire drying process and immediately looked into the console to make sure it was still there and it looked like a bomb had gone off. Money was gone and the rest of the contents had been turned up side down. I immediately confronted the manager about it. he did a quick search of the workers and came back with the conclusion (in not so many words) that i was either lying or his guys had out smarted him and they didn't have it on them. He then told me that hey do not have a theft problem and that there is a sign out front that says they are not responsible for stolen or damaged goods. Not to mention my car still looked like shit. I am done with these guys. They are rude "This is the worst Danny's I have ever been to. Whoever runs this location should be ashamed of yourself. I have been to the other locations and NEVER had the experience I had here. I even heard other people complaining while I was in there. I would've rather waited an extra 15 minutes to actually get my car washed.....there was dust """Sales person"" spent so long trying to upsell the poor woman in front of me  the store manager is unprofessional and not very bright. He brings the whole establishment down. Never ever will I ever go back there. Disgusted!!!"  even though there was still crumbs and trash in that area. By far the worse place ever. Took over an hour and it wasn't even busy nor did they do a Damn thing they had been paid for. Bring back all the Hispanic people   still not vacuumed thoroughly and left.  Safe to say after coming sporadically (as needed) fire 7 years  cup holders weren't wiped out at all. Floor boards were kinda vacuumed. Rear of SUV wasn't cleaned at all but I was charged extra for the size of my vehicle. :("  incompetent and angry . I paid what they asked for and will never go back"  but the car wasn't super clean. I payed for the VIP wash which includes cup holders and dash and the cup holder obviously hadn't even been opened "Absolutely worst car wash! Had my truck for 5 hours after a $200 detail and it looks like a cheap wash..step boards and tires still filthy People are very rude! I was told for an extra $100 when can buff out all the scratches and it would look like a new paint job...no wonder this place has a bad rep!!! I had to give it a rating  but it became clear after a few hours that no one was calling me. Apparently they closed due to the storm and when I showed up to pick up my car no one knew who I was or what my car was there for. It took 4 employees and 20 minutes to find my keys and the car was not washed  I took my car there after lunch hour because it was close by and I'm used to Danny's on Tatum. How bad could it be? Can't tell you because I waited 10 minutes for someone to take my order. No one said a word in spite of walking by my open window 3 times." The GM called and explained they aren't responsible - Guess I'll be finding a new place to have the truck washed. I'd recommend you not get your car/truck washed there...."  I got in the car and was putting on my seatbelt.. and the kid cleaning the car behind me HONKED at me. I hadn't been in my car for more than 20 seconds! I know they're trying to keep things moving I'm only giving you guys a 4 star because of your interior servicing manager who was very nice and showed he cared to get me back as a customer.  I do feel embarrassed and apologized to him for acting like a bitch This used to be my go to place for oil changes. It wasn't the fastest cheapest deal and in my neighborhood. My kids loved the aquarium while we waited. Never more than 20 min wait. BUT today they lost my business! The price went up to $35 (was $20) and now not done while you wait. Bad move! I won't be back.  it's about moral principle and integrity to own up to your actions and be responsible "Came in to get my newly painted car detailed. Told the guys it was newly painted to be careful. since they are yes people just to get an upgraded carwash the guy said no problem we will take care of it. Long story short when I went to pick up my car there was a huge chip on the bumper. Brought it to their attention. One manager said he didn't want to deal with me  which I didn't mind (this time) since it needed it and might help the sale.  I was told it would take 2 hours and since I had no one to pick me up he would expedite it.  I walked to a nearby shopping area and waited the two hours.  I returned to be told that not only did they not do the car but there was still someone ahead of me and asked if I could come back tomorrow morning... .  I left very upset and called the next day to talk to the manager.  He explained that he should never have promised me a time and I told him I would return Tuesday morning.  When I arrived I was told that they were no longer taking pre-paid details that day...  So I had to ask for the manager 4. You should hang around the waiting area and pretend you are a customer. Most people there are only giving you one more chance. I'm not."  a bit pricey but the employees here do a fabulous job." "I pulled up in a my car with my seat looking like a barf bag (PADP - People Against Drunk Passengers) and the guys were great! They thoroughly cleaned my entire car and paid close attention to the aforementioned seat. I got my car looking and smelling like new in under 45 minutes all for $40  the workers are very precise and take the time to explain everything to you!!! Wonderful job. Definitely coming back!!!" Don't waste your money or your time at this place. My husband and I bought 3 details and they managed to screw up every single one! We complained and they gave us a few free car washes. They can't even do that right. Every time I go I hope and cross my fingers that the service has changed and I am always disappointed. I used my last free car wash (crappy) today. They missed coffee on the console dirt on the doors dirty windshield and a lousy vacuum job. Bye bye for good... I hope that no one else falls victim to this pitiful scam."  then I definitely am not spending the $200.00 with you to get it detailed. That's the last time I go there. OH! And my car gets oil changes every 5 pjtB4FadDdq_DeyedjDsOw stay away from this place. it is bad news by far the worst car service I have ever had. and gave it another shot even worst.  Beware thief's "I wish I would have checked this company's Yelp reviews before wasting $200 on a ""detail package"".  I came in for a simple car wash for my older BWM car.  Service person then suggested he could make my car look ""brand new"" for $499 and for an extra $100 buff out a few scratches.  I told him I wasn't interested and then he dropped the price to $400 "Since when does a ""works"" car wash not include wiping the dash and console? So my dash and console were still dirty and my windshield was NOT clean. I will not come here again. I did notice that they had very few customers $13.99 for a basic car wash? You have to be jacking me. Ave car wash at best. 109 degrees and the misters don't work? Goodbye Danny's or whatever you call yourselves now.  because afterwards I went to cash in my $15.00 winning scratch-off lotto ticket and it was gone.  Fifteen dollars isn't a fortune  are you really sure? I see a chip in your window do you want it fixed. I already got it fixed. Well I could fix it better !!!!!!!! I won't ever be back!" I suggest they are honest with their customers Meh. I've experienced better." Definitely one of the worst car washes I've been to. I paid 79.99 for a detailed car wash and this is what was left... See picture of cupholders  she knew when to come around and ask us if we needed help or knew when to leave us to our football games. The best part is that they were very accommodating with the Tv's. I hate hate hate going to BWW's and having to fend for myself in a ring of other football fans. This place was small and had more than enough TV's to fit any fan On the short: I've been coming here over 10 years. Honest!! Best service & prices around. Period!!!! Car troubles are never fun but when it happens....at least I know Im not getting scr**wd!  Rod and now Mike are good honest guys who will not charge you for nor suggest any unnecessary repairs. The shop is at 24th St. and Osborn and I live in Chandler but I make the trek because I trust them.  They will even provide me a one way ride to my office in Scottsdale if need be. I highly recommend these guys." "Not a very good expierience. They had charged me $1500.00 and a few days later service engine came back on  saying he finally found a mechanic who's HONEST.  It's nice to be able to drop off a vehicle with confidence that you'll get great service at a fair price. Most recently they were instrumental in getting all my shocks replaced under warranty.  I""ve had them work on my diesel truck as well as my BMW sportscar and would recommend them without reservation." 000 mile mark. Usually car repair facilities hand me page upon pages of ""essential repairs and maintenance repairs."" I was pleasantly shocked when I was told not once but several times "I would recommend to anyone!  These guys are great.  Went there based on all their positive reviews...no gimmics Will recommend them for sure." "I've been going to this shop ever since I had a strange knocking or pinging noise coming from my engine.  One shop told me I needed a new engine and on a whim I stopped at Johnston's for a second opinion.  They found a cracked lower fan belt pulled that was making a noise when it flexed at higher RPMs.  The repair bill was around $80  their commitment to customer satisfaction and for just being a group of friendly I take my daughters cars in I take my company trucks in and I also take my personal truck in to get fixed and every time never a problem. It's always fixed right the first time and when he says it is going to be done it's done.thanks  they were fair and honest! They will be my new car care center!" Mike provides great customer service and Johnston's is so trust worthy. I never second guess their opinions and they have gained a super fan! Thanks again for taking great care of me today. Awesome service! Quick and professional. It is no wonder this place has been in business 20+ years!! Thanks so much! Came here today for a transmission fluid flush. They were pretty quick and got the job done.  Friendly service and no hassles or no one trying to sell me something I didn't need.  I would come back again.  and competent. I've taken three vehicles there for service over several years now and never been dissatisfied."  and goes the extra mile. He deflated my fears about ""being taken"" by other mechanics playing on my automotive ignorance. He's a truly good guy 65ujBUIwQ3iGBjymj268IA  so I was very happy to find 25th Street Automotive. I originally went there for a second opinion when the dealership had recommended some very expensive repairs. It turns out those repairs were unnecessary They don't try to upsell and they don't try doing things that don't actually need to be done. They've now got our business not only for the big stuff Bill and the other guys that work there are all very friendly and I definitely trust them with my car needs."  so I'm thankful for the previous yelpers guiding me here. I hope to not have anymore breakdowns or many maintenance needs but if I do  free coffee and free bottles water on a hot day and once you're on the mailing list they'll send you coupons for your next service."  and skilled mechanics. At no point did I feel like I was being scammed or upsold things I didn't need  as most of us know. This shop deserves every star it has gotten. Customer for life." 65ujBUIwQ3iGBjymj268IA 65ujBUIwQ3iGBjymj268IA "Hands down this is the place to bring your car for any automotive work!!  I brought in my 2005 Chrysler Pacifica to have it evaluated because there were a couple of problems.  I wanted to see what type of life it had left and was it worth spending the money to fix it or should I invest in a new car.  They were very honest with me and really helped me through my decision.  Needless to say  but also realistically gives you an idea of how long you can wait before having the work done which I appreciate from a budgeting perspective.  He never uses the fear factor to get more business from you like some places do when they give you doom and gloom stories of why you'll die if you don't have more work done.  I have never thought he has suggested any repair that wasn't truly needed.  As someone who doesn't know much about cars They complete the work in a timely manner and offer rides from and back to their shop within a certain radius. I found them on Yelp and I am thrilled to advise everyone on here to support this business." I called this business at end of day yesterday explaining my car problem. They said they were a couple days behind but if I came early in the morning the following day they could check out my car. He said they'd either fix it on the spot or give me an assessment of how much it would cost to fix. I showed up the next day and was out in 5 minutes. Not only was I greeted right away but my car was fixed for a very nominal fee. Great service! "Trustworthy work and service and better than larger nation-wide repair shops. The prices are better as well Time and time again they have earned our trust and respect."  a it's very dismal circumstance regarding my newly purchased used car They are the BEST automotive repair experience I have had in the 10 years I have lived in the valley. I highly recommend them to everyone that needs a good mechanic!" I was a bit harsh with a 1 rating. This company obviously cares about their reputation. They not only rebuttled here on they site they followed up with a phone call quote . They seem like genuine trustworthy mechanics. i change it to 5 because they made the extra effort to make this right and im not even a client i can imagine they take care of business. Most don't.-" "These people can really be trusted with your car. They looked my car over after the dealer recommended about 2500 dollars in repairs and made me almost afraid to drive my car.  These people checked everything Amazing! I mean how many shops can actually be proud to be a BBB member let alone win the Ethics award! My service choice hands down even thought it's 30 miles from home! This local auto shop is the best!!   Totally realizable and honest.  Tell them if you plan to keep your car forever or if you plan to trade it in soon.  They will make recommendations accordingly.  They have saved me hundreds of $$ by customizing repairs to my needs.  Check out all of the awards they have received: AAA Top Shop and Better Business Bureau. Honesty: that's what keeps me coming back!" "I was looking for a mechanic and decided to try them because they were rated highly by yelp users. After my service here I will definitely be going back. There amazingly friendly Best place to go!! I am a female who doesn't know anything about cars and they always explain so I understand. They really do what is best for their customers and don't try and add on little extra charges here and there like most places. The Bills are very nice people and I am never going anywhere else in Phoenix!  nicer car for which their method of repair WOULD make sense).  I declined to do the repair and ultimately found a brand new aftermarket part on the Internet for $45 and had it installed another garage for $120 (which included a warranty on the work) and the problem has been solved.  In a fair assessment  we would take both of our cars back here and pay far more than any other place."  Bill told me my estimated repairs were probably not likely and that I should come in for a cheap inspection to look everything over.  He was right.  The repairs that I needed were minimal compared to what the 'other' shop wanted (not needed) to repair.  Bill and staff got me up and running in no time and for much less than I was expecting to pay.  Thanks!" Skilled mechanics go outside their garage and look for other side.This is kind of professionalism service you expect when paying premium.Totally disappointed and frustrated with Bill & team.Too expensive business. I recommend 25th St without reservation."  or can't do research on my own. These guys were amazing! They were very honest and upfront about what was going to have to happen and how much it was going to cost. I am very please with their service and pricing."  I don't hesitate declaring this is the neighborhood automotive shop to go to! The same guys have been working there for years and they are kind  and they are very honest.  In 3 years I have never been disappointed in my dealings with them.  Top notch."  these can be such rare qualities. Bill C. and Bill H. - thank you both for all that you do!" You can trust your vehicles to 25th Street Automotive- we sure do!  Thank you Bill and Bill!"  used car here for my first maintenance on it and they were extremely helpful. I'm the type of person who need honest people who will tell me straight what's going on with my car and that's exactly what I got   but that my car wasn't included in the recall.   He suggested I contact Toyota Motor Co anyway and see if I could get it repaired for free or at a discount.  His advice saved me $600 as Toyota repaired it for free. That's some amazing customer service!  I'll be coming here regularly to service my car."  they were upfront about the fact that I could get one of the issues fixed for a lesser price by another shop (they even provided me with the other shop's contact information).  They stuck to the service time estimate and my budget How can this place have perfect reviews?! I just called to ask for a quote over the phone and a guy by the name of Bill answered. I explained to him what was going on with my car and he suggested that I should look for a car repair shop near my work because they were too busy to take a look at mine! Are you serious!? I have never been denied service on purpose.  but he seemed very helpful.  instead of trying to take my money "Can't decide what I like best about these guys: their friendliness  and the price seemed reasonable given my past experience with other shops. The shop was pretty clean and the service was professional and straightforward.  I can't really fault these folks for anything  I had enough sense to go for a second opinion with the guys at 25th Street Automotive. From the beginning the service was friendly and there was no pressure to perform service that was not necessary for my car. The total bill came out to $ 90!!! Yep  he took a test ride with me so he could hear the noise that was of concern.  Told me exactly what it was at no charge and I was on my way! Always a great experience!"  but I feel worth it since they go over EVERYTHING. I had to get to new filters so the bill was high for parts and I expected that. All in all for the service and time it took Very nice staff. Clean garage. Fast service. Others have said that it's in a bad neighborhood. It's not Scottsdale but it's definitely not the ghetto either. 4 stars because the prices are a little too high. But I'll keep going here because everything else is great  courteous and thorough.  Will continue to have my car serviced here. Highly recommend them."  and of course it always feels good to support incredible local businesses. I will be giving my business to this shop for as long as I am living in the Phoenix Metro." Luckily I called kinkades repair close by and although they were just as busy and weren't going to get to my car until the next week the guy was very nice and was willing to at least hear me out and answer my questions."  but I'm glad it worked out for me. Added bonus- the driver that drove me to and from the job was very personable. Thanks Bill & Bill! You now have a loyal customer that will refer others. Anna" Long story short I trusted my family vehicle 225th Street automotive and I suggest you do too." "I've been taking my cars to 25th street auto since I moved into the neighborhood three years ago. The Bills and their team are very knowledgeable and friendly when it comes to car repair. They've always been able to get me in same day or next day whenever I have an issue. They do not overcharge and give you the highest quality of workmanship of any auto shop I've ever done business with. On my most recent repair I have been using 25th Street Automotive for at least 5 years and I always feel like they are giving me an honest evaluation of the work that needs to be done. They never pressure me to get unnecessary work done or to get work done that I can't afford at the time. I highly recommend them to anyone who needs a shop they can trust. "My car was past due for a check-up and I scheduled it with Bill at 25th street automotive. The business has positive reviews and great ratings; their web site is informative and includes info on mileage maintenance. It's so hard to find a good mechanic and my search is over!! After my car was inspected  and if we lived in Arizona he would definitely be our regular guy!" 65ujBUIwQ3iGBjymj268IA  we don't want to be stuck in a BMW later down the road with its expenses. He sold us a 2012 Honda Civic. Payments at 340. He gave us what we were originally were looking for. Because he asked us. He didn't try to force one of the multiple Versas they had on the lot down our throat. (Which has happened twice to this point!) He had one sale on Easter Sunday he was suppose to be in for and stayed because he didn't want us to get burned anymore. He was courteous and professional. Beyond a professional level. I couldn't have asked for a better experience from him or Autonation Honda. Everything was explained to us to a tee Again a great motor and transmission oil change... and then found a tiny leak in my steering fluid that I will keep an eye on."  but I'd gladly drive across town to have my cars worked on here. They've been keeping my '98 Jeep Cherokee (254 "I ran over something on the freeway and did some damage to the bottom of my car. I was able to bring my car in and they looked at it straight away. They gave me some advice and options and were able to fix it right then and there at a very cheap price. I was in and out within minutes. Everyone was friendly I'll start at 3 stars and once I talk to my regular mechanic I can see how accurate they were with their assessment." Definitely make an appt before you go. I liked the low key sales approach. They told me my fuel injector needed replaced but for $89 I told them I would wait and check with my mechanic after reading the other review. Plan on being there for 45 min though.  usually I feel pressured to get more done than what I intended when I go to auto shops but they weren't pushy at all and they even let me use the coupon I had for $50 off. I will def come back here for any further service needs. Nice people here for sure."  and expediently getting my tire repaired and sending me on my way."  you feel positive you got the best deal around!  Top that with their warranties and why go anywhere but here? Take the guess work out of taking care of your vehicle by taking it to Terry and Rob! Thanks guys for all you do!" I took my car in because it was leaking some oil...that was actually spilled oil from an oil change done elsewhere. They cleaned it up without charge and without the awful upsell you get at most other repair shops.  I'll be going there exclusively." Will return for the quick and honest auto service.  They didn't dry to upsell me on any unnecessary services that my car didn't need." gCaccP5CxQn-j2KCNbD4gg  given the problem. Just kind of goes to show that smaller shops with a long history in the area are usually the way to go." "Ive been having my car serviced here for 6 years.  The last time they failed to tighten any of the lug nuts on one of the wheels after a tire rotation.  i drove away and nearly crashed.  I had to call them to tell them to come out and tighten the wheel as it was barely on the car.  I never received an apology  which will be very soon as my car brakes are squealing at an ungodly range higher than Mariah Carey's  be buying my replacement tire from them - they earned a lot of customer loyalty today!" Here's the kicker: we had to take it to another shop to have the alignment fixed because they didn't do the initial work properly."  describe the noise and no one can look me in the face or offer a smile or ask if I have the time to have this looked at or resolved at t he moment . The woman behind the counter asked for my keys and what car of mine it is for and they can take it for a drive. I let her know I need to be in the car (i have over $40k of lab equipment  from work inside the car since I'm on my lunch break ) before I know it my car is gone and they inform me he took it out for a test drive.  When the mechanic returns he can't hear a noise (he drove it on a busy street with the windows up and unable to reach the speed I told him I heard the noise at)  Love this location! I have taken my vehicles here for years. They fit me in even without an appointment (most of the time) and are always courteous and even drop me off at work 3 blocks away! Love supporting local businesses and will always go here! Fast quick service.... not too expensive but. Will use them again in the future when I need another tire. (I'm 55.  Is that old?   Okay These guys do it right.  Check there stats and you will find Jacks Auto Alignment as one of the best alignment locations in Phoenix.  I always suggest my customers at my garage to visit Jacks for assistance.  Just East of 24th St on Thomas Jacks Alignment will quickly align your car to get rid of the shaking you might feel. e1OD-zIxBjJXPlnYQvhdpw There's no doubt in my mind I'll take my car to this place when I need to have my brakes replaced or my wheels aligned.  I'm a huge supporter of locally owned and operated shops P.S. locally-owned business They also checked the alignment  manually and not  by computers.  I was  impressed and am impressed  when someone has an old school skill.  Makes the quality of the work better." "Outstanding knowledge and always the best in quality and workmanship. We have been using Jack's for at least 20 years and can recommend no other for excellent  I asked Joel if he could check my air pressure because I was going out of town.  Earlier he suggested that I replace the front tires.  He then rotated my tires e1OD-zIxBjJXPlnYQvhdpw  I give Jack's my highest recommendation!" e1OD-zIxBjJXPlnYQvhdpw "Great Job Gentlemen! Had them work on both of my vehicles and will gladly go back when ever I need to have work done again. Joel and Ken are very professional  rotated my tires for free and showed me a CV boot that is starting to leak. Ken was excellent to work with and took the time to let me know where I started and how he adjusted my alignment. I will recommend and certainly use Jack's again when I need a service they provide." I must say that I won't be going to a place again that doesn't have modern equipement." Took my Saturn here and they did a great job on the alignment for $60. It drives straight and smooth. I could not be happier with their service. Great shop.  Super fast and friendly service.  They were ready at my appointment time and didn't waste any of my day.  I sincerely recommend Jack's if you need an alignment.  They even gave insight on what to expect performance wise from my new tires and lift.  Thanks! "These guys are the greatest. No one knows their job or seems like they have actual expertise these days- Ken does that`s why these guys stand out so much. They found shoddy work from another shop and fixed it for next to nothing.(I'm sure the same work from any other shop would have been gouge city). I have a heavily modified car from a suspension/wheel standpoint and they were able to dial it in just right  and I had to take my Volvo back in after a trip to Mexico. They adjusted my car's alignment w/o charging me anything. Doing business the old-fashioned way is what they're about I took my GTI here for alignment because of the positive reviews on Yelp and various motorsports forums.  Ken worked on my car.  He gave me the details on what was wrong and suggestions on what to do.  I couldn't be more pleased.  The car now drives straight as an arrow.  It's so refreshing to visit a business that's enthusiastic about the service they provide even after all these years.  Jack's has gained another loyal customer.   have the best work ethic and never have a problem explaining everything in detail. They use the old-school weights I really love coming here and it's fun to watch them do the work. They are extremely professional and efficient. My front end alignment on the van was exactly $60. Not taxable because it's labor and no ""shop fees""."  however Ken  (the older gentleman) is usually in a bad mood and probably needs to retire. Last time I was there he was very short and rude. I don't know if he was having a really bad day or what  and even asked me if I drive the car 'aggressively' as they would have set it up a bit different. Not many places left that actually seem like specialist of a trade. Will be going back for sure!" Very honest and reasonable prices. I was told by the Lexus dealership that I needed an alignment and they were going to charge me $170. I took my car to Jacks and after a thorough inspection Jack's was honest and stated I didn't even need an alignment. My family have been coming to this place for years.  They are locally owned. One of the very few honest businesses out there. If adjustment is needed they will charge you a reasonable price. If none needed they will charge you nothing for inspection.  Most places will charge you a fee just to inspect it.  Love this place. Will continue to bring my business here.  it was their friendly attitudes and the fact that they were incredibly helpful." Don't bother even driving here with any alignment issues.. They had my car for less than a min to diagnosis my issue.. Sent me on my way to place I got my tires and said Your car isn't out of alignment.  Well went to tucker tire and indeed it was out.. So got my alignment there and my car rides great!!! Thanks tucker... Jacks  place made me feel like I was a inconvenience.  Will never go there again.  4.5 stars ??? they are not... Go to Tucker Tire I am mediately felt like I made the right choice. The extra care and attention was absolutely high quality coming from the staff member. Mr Francisco into step by step in show me every detail that I needed to know what kind of work the truck need it. I really appreciated that. Mr Francisco is very honest and not making an upsell. I make sure that I was driving safely on the road with a safe vehicle I will definitely keep my interest in the shop for as long as I live here in Arizona. I recommend this shop to all my friends and family honesty is the best policy." I had a new steering rack installed and I could have had they guy who installed it do the alignment I was little surprised when I showed up at 3:50pm and not one car on the floor. Techs were closing up and turned me away. They close at 4:30pm and according to tech no vehicles after 3:30pm. Just a heads up just in case you only have time after work to take a vehicle in for service. Here are some guys who really know their business. Honest and reliable.  My Lexus dealer could not fix the problem - my car still pulled to the right after they did an alignment.  Jacks merely rotated the front tires and the problem was solved.  Why couldn't Lexus do that?  When I asked how much - no charge.  Now you know who the real expert is.  Will need brakes soon and I will go to Jacks for sure. "This isn't your run of the mill BS tire shop alignment. These guys are the real deal. Professional and precise. So much more experience than the average. Great work  2 different shops. Ken took to time to figure out my problem and not let me leave until it was right and I was happy. I have a Toyota Tacoma lifted and he mad it perfect! I will be telling everyone if you want it done right go see ken! He reminds me of a guy who just knows his stuff and can fix anything. Not some young guy been doing it for 5 years and thinks he is king. Thanks so much for taking the time and making my 40 minute drive WELL worth it!"  they pulled my truck onto their rack and evaluated it. They came back to me and let me know that my alignment was good and I needed one new tire. I was in and out in less then 15 minutes for no charge!  I can happily say that one new tire latter they were absolutely correct  with very fast service.  Came in for an alignment and the guys looked my car over in about 5 minutes and said the car didn't need an adjustment and sent me on my way 5 Stars for Jack's - I highly recommend them." Update* year and a half later I have just got an alignment done again and it seems the job was done properly except my steering wheel was off centered again and upon returning to the shop to have them adjust it; however These guys are honest and reputable!  I always come here even tho I live far away.  They do not recommend work if it is not necessary.  Go see them!! So far I am very happy with the results."  and had come here on the recommendation of one of my friends who takes his older car here as well. Jack's did a fantastic job aligning the front end of my car. It's never felt more solid. They were quick and professional  steering wheel is still off but better. The attitude adjustment is the only thing bringing down the rating."  like they were feeling their way through the job."  Dave had recommended Jack's because this place specialized in the issue I was having with my car. Took my car in first thing the next morning Something they didn't tell me about TWICE and when I show up im told it will never stir right but he could move a tire which may improve things. After talking and trying to figure out if it's worth a try  and found that it was not the issue. They made some helpful recommendations and sent me on my way with a free inspection and peace of mind. It's rare to find a mechanic these days that operates with such integrity." "I have been going to this place exclusively for the past 14 yrs. 4 vehicles later. My daughter will make the 35 mile drive to bring her Durango here as well. No bs about this place and the fact that they do your alignment the old school way "I would rather get a computer aligment and get a print out of my specs  no-nonsense and check alignments for free. A good resource to have."  it showed i didn't actually need an alignment. No charge and very polite! They earned a customer for life!"  pointed out a couple of upcoming wear issues in control arm bushings. He made my lifted Tacoma track straight; feels like it's connected to the road again. Very friendly Very honest.  Thanks!" "" and those guys are not looking out for your best interest.  They just want lots of money.  At Sun Valley "Looking for cheap stereo for my pickup. They recommended bottom end Pioneer for $100 plus $30 install.  Fast service "I had bought an alarm system from somewhere else and came to these guys to get it installed.  Not only were they polite Any future car stereo needs I have will absolutely be directed to this long time Valley company and I recommend them without reservation to anyone needing anything car stereo related." I will definitely be back here to get everything else done. Low pressure sales that focuses on getting you what's right for you and not what makes them the most money. Combine that with quick expert installers and great prices and this is by far the BEST place in the valley to get your audio hookup"  it's on the south side of Thomas." My friend and I attempted to install an after-market stereo ourselves but ran into a bunch of problems and accidently shorted a few fuses.  The Sun Valley guys were able to fix the damage we caused and install everything perfectly in under an hour and the cost was still no more than a normal install."  and were able to work within my budget without cutting corners or breaking the bank. Thank you I had a hard time finding a car stereo this time around... I found one that I liked at Sun Valley. They were helpful but not pushy. Stereo prices were typical retail- could have bought cheaper online  but convinced me not to get the more expensive brands. Thats how you know your dealing with a good business. Dont waste your time going to the rip off known as best buy   I was leery of car audio stores in general. I gave this store a shot after the great reviews here and was not disappointed. Ryan is a great salesperson who helped me choose the right alarm for my car and even gave me caveats when I wanted to add more sensors instead of making a quick buck.  They went over all the features after the install and I am very satisfied with my alarm install. I'll be going back to upgrade my deck soon." xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ  I decided an alarm system would be a worthwhile investment.  Unfortunately I suffered some serious sticker shock at a competitor's place before I came to SVS.  Not only did I get exactly what I wanted for 1/3 less than the competitor (with NO pushy sales pitch--a very welcome change!) "What a fantastic experience. I was in town buying a vehicle when I decided I wanted to get an iPod cable installed. After finding this place on Yelp I stopped by to get an estimate. Ryan researched my vehicle and told me that due to its age the cable wasn't possible  good quality and perfect service.  If you value your car and good work Now this place looks real ghetto from the outside but do not let looks fool you. This place does quality work at a good price. They even do internet matching. They worked on my brand new 2013 Tacoma (my baby). Installed a custom built sub box behind the seat I'll keep coming back to Sun Valley and Ryan for everything I need. Well done!" These guys did a great job installing my double din pioneer.  Great price.  Install looks flawless and kit makes stereo look oem.  You will not be disappointed.  I am very very picky about my car stereo stuff and they surpassed my expectations.  installation looks great and my car sounds even better. Staff very knowledgable and didnt try up selling or any nickel & dime-ing me." and 4 new speakers in my Nissan Xterra...I did not want to break the bank and just wanted something clean and simple and better than stock speakers....We broke it down to $400.00 with install..He even gave me a break on the  install since I went with the new speakers.. I also found out for a new head unit install is only $60.00 if you just wanting to get a new head unit in..Thats a nice fair price for wiring and install I payed the man they got to work right away...I went across the street and got a burger and sat down to eat to kill some time...I ended up walking back over after I ate and sat in the store for about 10 minutes before my car was ready. From start to finish it only took about an hour and half..Nice and fast...The guy who did the install showed me the unit and features and was very nice as well...If your thinking about going anywhere else dont....give these guys a try....They made it easy to spend my money and not feel bad about it buy giving me a great product "Sun Valley Stereo was awesome!  My stereo went out and according to the car dealership the solution was a $300 repair!  I  found Sun Valley through Yelp and they squeezed me in the very next day.  Turns out all I needed was a new cable which they replaced and charged me $15 dollars for!  No labor. No charge to figure out what was wrong and the people there were SUPER nice.  They had me in and out in less than half an hour.  If you have any audio or alarm needs I chose this place based on the great reviews on Yelp and my experience was exactly as expected. I brought my BMW 535 to them for a custom amp install and it looks and sounds great. Highly recommended. I highly recommend them!" There was a post-install issue with the mounting supplies that came with my first product and Ryan told me to drive in so he could get it fixed right away. When I brought my new car in many months later with the same product "I recently went in to have them install a JL Audio 700/5 amp with a JL Audio 10"" sub. I was so satisfied with the work that I went in the following day to have speakers installed. The staff was very helpdful and they don't just look to sell you anything. I plan on going back to have a remote start installed. I would recommend this place to anyone!!" Anyways people might have been satisfied and maybe I was just unlucky but I'm not going back. I'm happy my door gave me signs of trouble before I dropped off my civic for a new stereo speakers and tinting. I pay experts to be good at their job otherwise I'd just hire a bum to take my money and break my $hit."  and was reasonably priced.  Highly recommend this place to all....thank you Sun Valley Stereo." "Ryan has contacted me to apologize and pay for repairs to my door latch. I hate to think that so many has rewarded this company for its quality of work. I don't want to take away from that. I think it is a possibility that I just got rare off day at this shop. Wish them the best. Thank you "Once again I found myself back at Sun Valley Stereo.  This time with a new car that was all promises and no function for what I needed.  Not only do they consistently provide great customer service  I'll be the guy with my windows rolled down  was called and told the car was ready at 1200.  This is the place to go to for this type of work.  Professional  and I couldn't be happier with the job they did.  The price is very reasonable; it actually was less than they initially quoted me because they ended up not needing one of the parts.  I know next to nothing about car stereos and I wouldn't have known the difference Kudos to  sun valley stereo.  I recommend them to anyone who will listen." Excellent customer service. Highly recommend this company for installation AND customer service. It took them maybe about one hour to install the speakers and now my sound system in my car has been great improved! I highly recommend going to Sun Valley Stereo if you're looking to improve the sound system in your vehicle."  and we worked together to verify that all the parts were in to upgrade my 2004 RX-8 with a Pioneer 4000NEX touchscreen and back-up camera before I drove 90 minutes for the work. When I first left there was some adjustments needed. They took me back in without hesitation and made everything right. The installer was committed to treating my car like it was his own. He took the extra steps to make it all right  subs and an amp all installed by Ryan's staff. They are very knowledgable and will go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied with your install. Never do they try to upsell or get you to buy anything you don't need  you get the best. I've been a customer since 2007 and plan to be for a long time." Great job on our mini-motorhome; added new dash Radio/GPS/Bluetooth/DVD Player/Back-up camera.  Also did some sophisticated speaker wiring in the coach of RV.  With scheduling up-front they were able to complete job while we waited. Great value for quality service! Decided after coming back from a year overseas to pull the trigger on a new stereo system. Saw several of the comments here and figured why not give them a shot. I could not be more happy with the system Ryan helped me pick out for my jeep. He even kept me from over spending on useless junk and helped me spread out the money I did have for a great system! Try them you won't be disappointed. xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ  Midrange & Tweeters along with a 10"" SubWoofer.  Also got the Auto start with my Alarm.  THIS SYSTEM KICKS ASS and my Mom's first reaction when she heard me approach her place was ""BOY YOU GONNA GET ARRESTED!!!!""  I was OVERLY HAPPY with what I got. Very professional look on the install and it work perfectly with my Steering Wheel controls.  The only thing I will say that I wished they would have done is put a GRATE on the SubWoofer. the Speaker protrudes from the box it could be damage if something fell into it." Since my initial review I did go back one more time a few weeks later to install a new stereo system as well to replace my old one. It's such a great improvement and now the sound system is sounding better than ever! I really cannot praise Ryan and his crew highly enough for their service and they are also very knowledgeable folks at what they do." I have nothing but good things to say about Ryan and Sun Valley Stereo.  I purchased a full system setup in 2009 from them for my old 1990 Buick which sounds spectacular.  They custom fitted everything and have always been available to fix things cheaply and fairly as needed.  I will always use them for my audio system needs. xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ Sounds great now!  Thanks Ryan."  they're directly across the street from Long Wong's so you can grab lunch while they're installing your setup."  he ordered some parts he needed with a small deposit and I had my install a few days later all for almost half of Audio Express quote. I'll be sure to be back for any work in the future...." xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ "I came to Sun Valley Stereo last month and had them completely re-do my audio system in my Nissan Z. Im super picky about work done on my car and I must say that Ryan and his team did a flawless job "Very happy with the service I got here.  Not only was the installation of my purchase done quickly Sun valley stereo is amazing! Ryan and the crew were informative and helpful. Brought my car back after having an issue with my subs and he helped me figure out the problem  and I would  definitely recommend  everyone giving Sun Valley Stereo the  opportunity to make them as happy as they made me for a very reasonable price. Believe me it will be worth the drive from anywhere these guys are THE BEST." Installed and Alpine GPS stereo in my Corvette that looks like it was original. Best price I could find too! I highly recommend this place; it's the only shop of its kind I'll do business with now."  and the quality of the equipment and service that Sun Valley provided.  The same people have worked there for many years and they are very very good at what they do.  I would never even consider going anywhere else." "I took my recently restored 1968 Cutlass to Sun Valley Stereo.  Ryan and his team did a beautiful job installing an ""old school"" looking Retrosound radio  and a 2-Din head unit. This company is top notch and the installation was done to perfection. I am so glad I followed my gut and did not take my business to Audio Express or Best Buy. You will receive quality service at a quality price every time with Sun Valley Stereo."  and very knowledgeable.  They beat the other prices I got by enough to make me think I was forgetting something!  I scheduled an appointment to get everything installed yesterday.  Picked up the car last night and man they did some nice work.  My guess is they ran 4 different cables/wires throughout my car (front to back and side to side) and I don't see evidence of ANY.  My only very minor complaint is I wanted my usb cable run to my armrest but it was run to the glove compartment.  It's a minor issue and maybe I'll go back and have them fix that when I have them re-tint my windows.  I'm going to take my wife's car there to have her windows tinted too.  I was very impressed.  I would ding them on the 5 star rating to maybe a 4.97 if it was available but dropping it to 4 star isn't realistic.  These guys are that good.  I highly recommend them." "Another example of a business that goes above and beyond for their customer.  Recently returned to Sun Valley Stereo for a second time. I can say that I'm not surprised they went out of there way to help me out Took my motorhome to Sun Valley stereo Ryan the manager took good care of me John installed the stereo system they put all new speakers and antenna it is so cool they did the best job ever and they didn't charge me a lot of money I highly recommend them thank you John and the guys at Sun Valley stereo  and brought it in to get it checked out. Turned out rewiring was needed. Got a great price and stereo is working great! Definitely will return soon."  And must say it's the best work I've seen great crew and John & Ryan   knowledge about what you need for best sounding system  is amazing. Never left dissatisfied." xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ  but it wasn't a stressful environment. If a person asked a question of an employee walking by they actually stopped to help. If I ever need anything car audio I would like Phoenix  to know how great this locally  owned and operated family business is.  John and Cassi are absolutely  amazing. I am glad I chose Sun Valley and supported  this local business. I can't  be more pleased with their service. Thanks guys! So I just had my 2nd visit here getting some work done to my system. Ryan has always been really knowledgable and walked me through a couple options. He fixed my botched install no problem and came back at a VERY reasonable price. They will continue to be my choice for car audio.  For me to write a review it either has to be amazing or horrible. These guys are amazballs!!!  that has been going there since the 80's! I won't go anywhere else. Oh yea...they have TV and nice Water for ya "I hate to be a blemish on a solidly favorable list of reviews. That must be why I waited 7 months to write this. But my experience wasn't that great. Yes the business model is good. No attempt at all at overselling. And the selection is a short and sweet list of economical and and excellent equipment. The markup with installation is reasonable. The problem I had was with the installation in my 2010 Outlander. The driver door pioneer speaker sounded either loose or blown. I live in Buckeye so bringing it back was a bit of a hassle. I was told  I spilled a soda on it and brought it back in to get looked at due to it malfunctioning. They found the problem right away and referred me to someone who could fix it. Then I brought it back in to have it out back in. These guys do a great job. Highly recommend coming in."  within a couple of hours they straightened the entire audio system out and it was very affordable. The sound is about 2 times what I thought would be. The staff was very patient with me and very professional. I highly recommend Sun Valley Audio!!!" So update.. Devin called and offered an apology which I was not expecting a call back but I'm so appreciative that I did... A lot of business don't care to fix their mishaps so because he did The prices are very reasonable and I feel Ryan gives you an honest and realistic opinion on upgrade paths. I definitely don't feel like hes just trying to sell the most expensive thing he can and will give you a good recommendation based on your car and budget." These guys straight up rock! I was never pressured to buy something I didn't want and was counseled on what I needed to do to get my car audio up to speed. I highly recommend these guys I had a great experience and will definitely be back to do business with them again. "Ryan and his crew installed my amp and sub I had purchased elsewhere. Ford Rangers have small cabs and I had the installer remove some parts behind the seat to make room for the equipment.  Took about 1hr 45min to install. My total price including the amp install kit was less than the  amount I'd spend on motrin to alleviate the headache of a self-install.  They did a good job and I had a large grin as I drove away Scheduled an appointment with Ryan to have a Overhead DVD player installed in our minivan. Install came out great! No hidden fees or charges. Quoted price was what I paid. After install Ryan and the technician went over how our new DVD player worked and etc. Nice waiting area and great selection of products. Ryan was pretty knowledgable about anything I asked him in regards to sound and etc. I Highly recommend Sun Valley stereo for any Audio/Video needs. Thank you for getting me in and installing a new subwoofer in my Jeep Wrangler 2001. They were professional and courteous. Look forward doing business with your store in the future. Great prices$$$. Best place for car stereo installation. Ryan and his team are super friendly and helpful. I looked around a few other places before coming here and they beat the other quotes by $75!! I will for sure come back.  and I am very pleased with the result. For 40+ years I have done my own installations so I can say with certainty that Sun Valley Stereo did it right and in fact did a better job than I ever could have. The workmanship is great and the materials they used were higher quality than I typically used. They do installs all day every day so they have a level of knowledge and expertise that a regular grunt will never have. No broken or warped panels Would definitely go here again!!" Update 2/5/14: I went to honda for a new oil change - it was $32.00 for the exact same service.  Lesson learned - don't go to Jiffy Lube.  Just go to the dealer "Monkeys could do a better job.  The staff do not think about what they are doing or what is important to the car DANGER DO NOT GO TO THIS JIFFY LUBE!!!!!! This place is crazy and very scary. I was surrounded by really weird employees running around in a state of chaos. The manager is yelling at this kid with a bad attitude who's  rolling his eyes at the manager and scowling. I did not get my car vacuumed out which I thought was part of the service. Stay away from this creepy out of control business. I'll be calling Jiffylube. I deserve better.  they stated that I did not need an oil change but they would top off all of my fluids for free. I was absolutely astounded that these kind men didn't try to sell me something I didn't need. It made my whole day to know that there are honest people and honest companies that do not over or up sell unnecessary products or services. I will never take my car to any other shop! Ryan I found it to be a positive experience. I will return for other maintenance check ups." I went to this location on March 2 and I was a bit apprehensive since I usually always go to my Honda dealership for service. I was very pleased at the level of service and knowledge they had for my specific car. I have been serviced at Honda since 2007 and never have they ever mentioned a interior cabin filter.  When they pulled mine out I was mortified that it was black as dirt. I appreciate their attention to detail and there was no high pressure up sales tactics. Just honest opinions.   I can honestly say my car got better care at jiffy lube then at my Honda dealership. And I might add the prices are reasonable and I'm happy to say I have more air flowing inside the car and it smells better too. Thanks jiffy lube !! I went to jiffy lube on 27th st on a whim because my regular shop was closed for the day. All I needed was an oil change and this location charged me $75 to sit in an awful waiting room for 45 minutes. The staff was decently nice but not enough to make up for the overcharge for very little service. I will never come back to jiffy lube or refer anyone to them. What is normally a stressful event (especially as a female who falls prey to evil mechanics) this was actually a very pleasant experience. I would definitely come back to this location!"  they're a bunch of crooks. Went in got a quote for $41 told them I had a $5 off coupon. They told me my new cost would be $49. WTF? They tried telling me my car required 6 qts of oil? Told them to stop anything they stared. Went down the road to Purcells and paid $19 for oil change" "They were quick and the price was ok but the kid working there was way too pushy with trying to get me to buy the expensive synthetic oil. They even went so far as to tell me that using normal oil will void the car's warranty. Give me a break. I drive an economy car This place. The last time I came I received wonderful customer service. I was told by the gentleman who did my oil change that I could come in an unlimited amount of times in between my changes for ""top offs"". He told me he set me for 5000 miles and even said ""if you're only coming in once for top offs - up it to 3x"". So I'm here for my second top off between changes and the assistant manager is telling me I need a complete change. I explained that I was told to come as many times as needed in between and he said that would be ""taking advantage"" of it. I had to explain to him that it was HIS employee that told me this. Always trying to make a dollar I guess. I had high hopes that these guys weren't like that." "Really great service and clean facilities! They made the experience comfortable and were very professional. They gave me options for pricing and let me choose what was right for my needs. As a bonus  for the honest work! I'll be coming back to this location every time."  the brutally hot Phoenix summer or the recent raid on their service staff by the Sheriff's office for ""identity theft"". But  very pleased with my visit. I stopped by during my lunch hour and while it wasn't slammed with cars there was a steady stream of business. My car looked great once they were finish. I really liked that I didn't have one lone steak from extra water in cracks of mirrors or doors when I drove. I'm so happy that I found this gem!" I actually belove their sign that this is a family business; & they deserve my repeat business..." FIND A BETTER CAR WASH!"  coating half of my (dark gray) Honda Element. It was dry upon arrival and all over the right side of my car. They checked it  ""How hard did they try at Lindstrom because I buffed-it right out.""  Irritated that Showcase did a better job (for free!) I went back to complain to Lindstrom.  They apologized and told me that their detailer was good I recently moved to Phoenix and purchased a new car shortly afterwards. I researched online for a car wash that was reasonably priced and would do a good job. Lindstrom has not disappointed either time I have taken my car there. They take pride in doing a good job. It's worth the drive I make to get there! Have been solely using the Lindstrom Family business as long as I've been in Phoenix (26 years). Always excellent service. No up-sell pressure (sure they ask if you want a hand wax but easily take no for an answer). It appears they are remodeling inside which is too bad since the 1970s decor has always befitted their 1950s ethos. this is the best car wash that I have used in Phoenix.  yelp coupon doesn't hurt either.  and they even cleaned out all the buildup of plant ans tree debris in the joint of my trunk! Always a treat to come here."  but they do a very thorough and detailed job if you get the $22 works car wash. And while you wait you can get an excellent shoeshine. I'm all about two birds with one stone and this is a place I can accomplish that. They will continue to get my business." I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE!"  I actually signed up to Yelp just to write this review!! I would never recommend this car wash to anyone. Myself or family will never go again!!! My girlfriend has been going to this car wash for 5 years. Just recently she had the car detailed for the first time and during that process they went through her glove compartment into her day planner and stole her credit card. Unbelievable. Now she has a reason that she keeps it in the glove compartment that I won't go into because I don't want the thief to know what lies ahead of them Unless I find someplace I like a lot better I would still go back to Lindstrom for the regular car washes they do a good job with the general cleaning but I can't think of a circumstance that would cause me to let them do anything else on my truck ever again." Save yourself the money and buy the Danny's Car Wash Groupon - 3 for $25 instead of spending 1 wash for $16 here only to still be left with an unfinished wash." 9vZ2G7kW_8APo3snijBNaA  you will need to be prepared to spend a little time here - but it's totally worth the wait!" "When the Lindstrom's owned it... it was all about attention to detail. This is my third and last attempt to use this car wash. I'm going to a wedding... need my car nice "Did the Express Wax and was pleased with the detail and level of service.  Well done!  As for the coupon  however they seem to take great care when doing windows and interior once truck comes out of conveyor.  The fifth star is earned by the shoeshine that is also offered while you wait. I'm a sucker for old school service like that and love this place for it. They also have a check-in discount which is also kinda awesome." The wash was good but service moved way too slowly (I waited an hour for my car)  my car was FILTHY.  Joe greeted me with a genuine smile and a happy attitude.  I bought a special mini-detail which was affordable and done beautifully!  Thank you for your wonderful customer service and excellent work." Super friendly and a great wash/vacuum for not a ton of money. Not to mention he ran over my foot while reviewing the video footage........" "I've only ever gone to Lindstrom to have my car washed or detailed. Used to be quick and efficient. The ticket writer talked me into a detail package that was affordable  lindstroms. Well played."  super impressed and I will be coming back!  See ya later Danny's car wash!" Went in for a quick wash and to shampoo the carpet and mats and got just that! They did a really old job on both for the $40 Carpet Express. Not a bad deal! The gentlemen there were very polite and checked on me periodically as I waited. It was about 45 minutes but my mats and floors were pretty dirty so I appreciated them doing a thorough job. "First time here and they locked the keys in the car.  Instead of calling a locksmith they spent 30 minutes trying to open the door. I finally tell them to not touch the car and to call someone. They asked me to call triple a  promised to replace it but then started avoiding my calls. I asked him why and the outraged little man started screaming at me. Needless to say Did a good job of cleaning but definitely missed a couple of spots that I'm paying for (air vent louvers). Looked to upsell me right away to something that didn't make any sense.  at least they could do is make sure my windows are clean. My floors still looked like it wasn't vacuumed either. Lastly "Exceeded my expectations by far! They really took the effort to give my awesome new Toyota the best clean it could get. Not only was it an exceptional clean  they are always friendly and professional. The owner of the car wash is always present and manages his team and his business very well."  except that when I got back to my office I discovered that they had broken one of my windshield wipers and just set the pieces in the wiper well. They never mentioned it. Grrrr. It may be repairable but that's not the point. I may take my car there again but I'll be checking my car a lot more closely for collateral damage." Now I am looking for a new location to wash our trucks and cars. Did they sell the business?" I went to this car wash one time 2 weeks ago ! I believe that they give great customer service I waited almost an hour  and they are plenty of employees they do kind of a good job but it was so funny how lazy some of them are like they can do wayyyyyy better if they work fast and I believe that if they work fast the waiting would be less plus it would be the best car wash ever but nooooo I found another car wash twice better and cheaper.... Prices are to high here and it's not worth it!! But deserves 3 stars !:)  and be given this kind of result I am not interested in doing this again. I probably would've expected this from a basic wash but never again will I do anything more than a wash here. But I think I just convinced myself in the meantime I'll be washing and cleaning the car myself. When it's time for a detail/wax I'll find another place that can at least get the job done right." I went there I went there this morning and have my car washed they didn't clean windows are all smear one side of my door is dusty and they stole over 200 dollars plus my jewelry that i had in my car all gone dont ever go to this carwash bunch of thieves and they dont know how vacuum  doors and windows. After I asked why my truck was still dirty after paying $23 They attempted to wipe it down better and it still looks dirty. I'll never consider going here again."  during the six hour drive. The windshield and front bumper had little surface area that was not covered in bug remnants. The carwash paid extra carful removing the bugs  and had me sparkly and shiny again in about an hour.  They took great care of my car and I recommend them if you're ever in need of an Oh Nuts scrape fix.  Thanks guys."  my car battery completely died and they jumped it for me and told me that it was completely dead and to not turn my car off or it wouldn't start again. They even tested turning it off and rejumped it to make sure. The guy pointed me in the direction of the closest place to go get a new battery. Amazing service!" This used to be a classy family owned car wash. Not anymore. Last week. I purchased The Works wash.  I tipped the vacuum crew and the final wash crew. And tipped well. Someone stole all of the change out of my ashtray. So disappointing. NEVER going back. THEFT!! - We have been using this car wash for years and that ends today. Buyer beware!! NEVER GOING BACK AGAIN STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE"  of the family owned local business is great - but it also is not owned by the Lindstrom family any longer." especially when they work in 100+ degree weather with a high volume of cars coming in during this summer season.if the owner is reading this i hope you offer these people more for their time they are humans too" I called and spoke with Daniel about getting my money back. Still waiting on him to call me back (since that's apparently not something he could have just taken care of during my initial phone call)" "This is not a ""self car wash"" per their yelp category! I drove 10 min out of the way wanting to just drive my car through and that's not an option. With the theft issues they have  but they left scratches on my brand new car.  The towels they used also left smears on my car.  There were also water marks left on both side of my doors."  even though they have kept the Lindstrom name.  On three different occasions I paid for ""the works"" and during the wash they didn't turn on the wax mode.  I made them run my vehicle through again.  The last time I was there my I-Phone cord and charger were stolen I visit Lindstrom's often and the majority of the time they do a great job...unless you get a basic wash and then they don't seem to pay attention to detail. I would recommend this spot if you're planning on getting a premium wash. That they did it. After they found the back coverbut they still do not admitthey speak very rude" Great place whenever your not satisfied with something they'll do everything in there power to make you happy. Good service and dedicated personal. Great service and Joe and Tony will work out an amazing deal. Great place to treat your car for a wash. Customer service is amazing and they truly have the best interest for you and you vehicle to look the best. Scroll down to see photos" "I have always had fantastic experiences at this wash. They are very respectful and kind. They will address any issues you have after the wash (if you are picky like me).  I see the other lower reviews and don't understand them. This place is consistently great. If you have a problem with them "So I've been going to lindstroms for years. I asked for a buff on my car to get rid of some scratches from being side swiped. I usually just get a carwash. The guy quoted me one price and was also going to condition the leather seats. Told me it would take about 35 minutes. I went to the cashier to pay and she saw my ticket and grabbed the manager! Tony They have always done a good job for me.   I like that it is a family owned operational well.  Weekends are busy so expect to wait. The lines are long. BUT they have a Yelp check-in offer for $3 off of your car wash!! Woot woot! I will most definitely be back to Lindstrom again soon!" They always do a good job here. I drive here rather than going to places closer (i.e. Jacksons aka Danny's) because they always do a better job. The line can get a little long but it's usually worth it.  which means I paid an extra $30 for two guys to spend 5 minutes applying way to my car; and I mean 5 minutes literally. All in all  they have not done a good job. I had them shampoo my seats and I looked at them more thoroughly when I got back and there was still dog drool and dirt marks all over. The front dash was still dirty and hadn't been wiped down  but they have lots of employees so the line went quickly (in and out in about 15 minutes).  Cool waiting room inside with TV and couches. Good service and fast!" Very unhappy with the service I received here. Was given attitude when I wouldn't upgrade to the higher car wash and when I stopped at a store on my way home I noticed the numbers that they wrote on my window were NOT washed off. Needless to say I will not be back.  the guy tried to charge me $35 for a hand wash when it says directly on the ticket that it's $25. I had to have the cashier go outside and correct his ""mistake."" The guy thought I wouldn't notice. Ripoff."  there were smudge marks still on the screen where my speedometer is but I thought whatever... BUT NO. I paid $50 for a half ass ""hand wash car wash"" They didn't vacuum my visibly filthy center console that had chips in it. My wheels were still dirty like they hadn't been washed at all and there were crumbs inside of my seats still although I was promised they would be ""cleaned and conditioned"" Afterwards  I'll stick to my regular washes and go somewhere else for the deep cleaning!"  the lady who runs the cash register inside where you pay for it all is rude and unprofessional. She doesn't greet you with hello or how are you but snatches the ticket out of your hand rings you up and basically throws the receipt back at you after you pay. She isn't pleasant to deal with and you feel like you are bothering her by being there. I paid $27 for the works wash plus a $15 tip to have my truck cleaned. I should fist say that we had just returned from a camping trip and the mud was everywhere on the outside of the truck. Also  but there was this one time the guy in control of the air blower accidentally blew the sticker part of my emblem right off. I'm sure since then he's more careful...This last time I went in was yesterday (Father's Day)  and they did a great job both inside and outside.  I'll visit again." It's worth driving down from Tramonto for this kind of service and quality." nDJ9Pbt0RF6iXLgVzGyC3Q nDJ9Pbt0RF6iXLgVzGyC3Q My advice- avoid this place at all costs."  but us being female shouldn't have anything to do with the fact they don't seem capable of fixing a problem without causing a new one. Francisco was the only person there worth talking to. He was great  but the service is just wonderful and pleasant . The staff is extremely nice and helpful. I will continue bringing my car here for service."  after going to pick it up none of the tires were we're rotated and again were not taken off I had pictures to prove they were wrong and they adamantly said I'm sorry about your pictures but I did rotate them and walked away   they are friendly and honest. I will bring all my vehicles here for service." When I went into the store he was there and just as professional and kind in person. I was in an out for the oil change in less than an hour and the store itself was clean and well kept. Will definitely be going back!"  he was super friendly and figured out what was wrong with my car quick.   they were able to replace my coolant temp. switch that same hour and my radiator fans started working instantly.  ill definitely be going back to this location" We have had our oil changed here for years. Last time We marked our tires and found they had failed to rotate them. We complained and they gave us a coupon for a free oil change.  This time we found all the info for all of our cars had been deleted from their system. They honored the free oil change but had cleaned all the marks off our tires so we can't tell if they rotated. Suspect much?  I think so P.S - They will respond to your complaint with a generic I'm sorry about your trouble contact us here: XXX. I have done that in the past and they don't answer or don't follow up. So don't be persuaded by the reply." after I already payed the three hundred to get it fixed as promised.  Believe me I told them no. If they had diagnosed my cars a/c problem correctly the first time around and gave me the correct quote of almost a thousand dollars then I would have taken my car somewhere else for another opinion. Now I'm out the three hundred some dollars because they believe they didn't do anything wrong and I am now driving around in the 114 phoenix heat without a/c. Trust me when I say that they have lost my trust in their ability to diagnose and repair vehicles along with the way they are running their business. I for one will never be bring my car to sun devil auto again." I had to get my starter replaced and they were very helpful and professional the whole way through. They also had a substantially lower quote and faster response time than other shops in the area. I've been taking my vehicles to this location for over five years. Maurice is outstanding. He is very polite and professional. I have always been pleased with the quality of work completed by staff at Sun Devil.  Maurice had me in and out same day. Very friendly and overall make me feel comfortable. Thank you again Maurice! I will definitely be back to this location any time I need work on my car done." This place is a complete and utter joke... made an appointment for a simple oil change.. I walked in 15 minutes early and literally sat there for 45 mins.. no one even acknowledged me.. mind you I had an APPOINTMENT.. you would think someone would be at a counter calling me telling me Im late right?? Nope.. not this place... I should of robbed the damn register on my way out cause there is no one even around.. that dude at the desk works like a chicken with his head cut off.. horrible horrible service.. now Im NEXT DOOR at Brake Masters and they already have my car being worked on... save yourself the complete nonsense going on at Sun Devil Auto and just go somewhere else.. or do it yourself.. I would pay some dude in front of the Home Depot before I ever thought about going back there Maurice is great.  Gives an honest assessment and a fair price.  Completely trust these guys.  I will be back here for all my vehicles needs!"  in fact I had called around ahead of time for prices and got the best price here. I also had a problem with my belts squealing for over a month. They were kind enough to adjust them while they performed the service I came in for and got rid of the squealing at no charge to me. I will definitely be coming back to this location." I wish all businesses could run like Tony's." I had emergency repairs this week and Scott and Ron took good care of me.  expert repairs at a reasonable cost - guaranteed work done by ASE certified mechanics.  No BS - just excellent I highly recommend taking your car to either location.  They obviously care about their business and don't treat it as a hobby."  honest people who aren't going to try and sell you on unnecessary repairs and maintenance. The folks at Tony's understand that everyone is on a budget these days. They have gone so far as to break down my list of needs in order of importance and price. Their cost has beaten the dealership as well as other repair shops every time. They have even picked me up at work so I don't have to worry about getting a ride from someone. They go above and beyond every single time and to be quite honest THumbs up for local businesses! I dealt with the owner and his wife (who works the desk at times) and they were great! I take my car here for all my repairs!  and drove my truck down to the MVD testing center and had it re-tested; it passed  Friendly and Caring.  These guys educated me on so many repairs/maintenance that I have been over paying for at my previous repair place. They did a fabulous job repairing my vehicle and they didn't gouge me. Thankfully a residential move brought me to Tony's I will definitely be returning for the additional work I need as well as any general maintenance." I just received an email with a log in that helps track the work I've had done there...how cool!" "Just took my Jeep to Tonys for the first time and received the best service! I'm always wary of auto shops especially with the last shop that ""helped"" me but I could tell immediately that this place was different. Scott (the assistant manager) was incredibly knowledgeable and helpful. He made me feel like he wanted to earn my business  keeping me safe on the road and postponing a dreaded car payment for hopefully many more years!  I trust them for their honesty - they let me know if something can wait.  I also love their transportation service - driving me where I need to go after dropping my car off AAA recommended Tony's for me and boy they were right. They always do a fantastic job with anything and everything. Most importantly...they're HONEST! We have been taking our vehicles to Tony's for about 2 years now and we are very pleased.  I highly recommend heading over to Tony's." "New to the area and saw good reviews so called for an oil change and once over.  Oil change was fine and fair priced.  But then they told me that I needed a major rear brake job - to the tune of $1000+.  So I checked two other shops and got quotes over 2/3 LOWER for the work.  Got the work done at a different 5-star YELP rated facility and am happy that YELP helped me find what I needed at a fair price.  As for Tony's "I have been a AAA member for a long time.  For years I took my vehicles to Marshall Motors that is only 5 blocks from my home.  I got so tired of their constant failure to properly diagnose the problems with my cars that constantly broke down in the most inappropriate locations that required towing to that garage to try and fix something that they just couldn't find.  Usual remark: We couldn't find anything wrong with your car!""  I decided to use our Firestone Service Garage for a couple of years until one day when I needed a tow the driver suggested that I go to TONY'S Auto Service on East Thomas Road.  Boy great service every time I go for oil change or maintenance work.  I believe they have another one on Missouri Street that is run by a sibling.  Have been a regular for the 16 years I have lived here.  They have been around since the 60s.  Must be doing something right!  they failed to clean the corroded battery terminals (and I had to point this out to them when I picked up the vehicle and had to wait for them to do the work).  The mechanics at Tony's cross-threaded the cap onto the power steering fluid reservoir when they put the cap back on.  The Range Rover had a pristine white interior when I dropped it off at Tony's.  But I got it back with grease Good experience. I would take my car to Tony's again in the future. Everyone was nice and seem knowledgeable and got the job done.  so I took my car here for new breaks and tires. Very expensive. I no longer have a car  and now my car runs smoothly as it did before I had this issue. They are honest and are excellent at their work!" Tony's auto provides excellent service! Tyler Grant- their lead mechanic- is extremely honest about car repair and fixes it the first time. He will list things that you should consider fixing in the future but addresses the most serious problem first. This guy knows his stuff!!  they charge $140 per hour for labor which is comparable to dealership pricing." I have never been so disappointed in an oil change! First they took my car and told me they would contact me when it was ready so I was free to do some shopping in Costco next door.  They never called.  I walked back over to pick up my car to find they never touched it and refused to work on it.  They said they heard a noise in the engine and would not tell me what it was.  (I had it checked out at different place).  Sears told me my engine could blow up at any moment.  All that was wrong was the O2 sensor was broken (nothing to cause and engine to blow up).  These guys were just lazy and did not want to do any work.  They chose to scare me instead.  I will never go back to a Sears Auto Center for anything. I took my car there when i had a flat tire. They found a nail in it and replaced it. Great prices on tires.  Another time i thought i had another flat and took it there to get checked. They checked and told me my tires were fine and they refilled my tires. But they had not! I went home and check the pressures and it was as low as 25 psi. Not sure i will trust them again! FYI Check for coupons on their Yelp page before going it might save you some money like it did me :)" "These guys are crooks. Shop manager there said I needed a new tire and that another guy was going to come in an tell me about options available. Guy B comes in and says oh you need 2 tires so let's get some prices. I said your shop manager just said I needed one. ""Well I recommend 2."" I'll do with 1 thank you. Guy B says oh you're just in luck I have XYZ Brand tire for $108 per tire... I drive a PT CRUISER! I could get all 4 tires BRAND NEW up the street at they're competitors shop without hassle for $75 more. Why the hell would i pay that for 1?! This place is a joke."  bring someone that knows what they're talking about. Never go here if you don't know know about cars because they'll replace things that don't need to be replaced and do a horrible job doing so. I wish I could give them 0 stars."  Mike the owner was honest and to the point and replaced our blower motor for AC lickety split for this upcoming HOT weekend-got us our vehicle back the same afternoon." I have been going there for years. If you need anything they will do it for you. I had them rewire my 72 mustang from head light to tail light and they did a great job. They are not quick but they are always extremely busy. Oh! And efficiently fast!" "Very friendly customer service and decent pricing.  I bought an apartment movers box set.  They only had two in stock and had offered to hold one in the back for me.  I knew the weekend was approaching and was worried they might sell out.  Also  but wasn't pushy and didn't pressure me to buy things I didn't want. He didn't treat me like an idiot for not knowing what the heck I was doing and was extremely informative. He walked me through everything I needed to know and the whole transaction was speedy and simple. Excellent customer service! It was really refreshing to receive such great service and I would highly recommend." "The owner and staff here were great. They went beyond customer service to offer fantastic and informative assistance. If any problems came up  it shouldn't take 12 days to get from AZ to CA. Now I'm told that I have to wait 10 business days from the day the check was issued to have it resubmitted AGAIN!! I've been dealing with this refund issue since the end of Dec 2015. I think 3 friggin months is long enough to wait for my money. Your company It was expensive a lot of hidden fees.  I rented a van for 19.95 a day for three days plus .59 cents a mile. I drove 166 miles which comes to 97.94. this adds up to 157.79.  I paid 210 so the extra fees were 52.21. which seems high.  other than that the van i rented was in great condition!  Austin the general manager was very helpful with getting me exactly what I needed with no unneeded extras. It was fast "This is really the only Arcadia area car wash.  They do a great job.  It does take a little longer than the average car wash  this place is for you. One of very few places where you can get a real hand wash. Not a lot more expensive than automated washes either."  so I'm keeping it!  I hope when this one gets dirty I can take it back and they will trade it in again for another new one! :)" The only warning is make sure you have some time to kill. They do a great job but only have spots two wash to cars at a time. For me its worth the wait!"  my 10 year old vehicle has no aversions to machine washes.  But then again I visit the area often from San Diego and discovered Arcadia Car Wash after a really 'buggy' trip and have been their #1 fan ever since -- clean as showroom new after each visit and the wait is shorter than you think ( if you ever remember how long it would take you to do a complete handwash and vaccuum)! Big J (the owner) takes great pride in making sure each vehicle looks the best it can - you won't be disappointed!  had some real bad wheel grime/buildup and they spent literally 15 mins scrubbing all the wheels to get it clean!" My car was sparkling and I will definitely be back. Glad I finally tried this place out!" "This place does a pretty good job with the car wash but the attendant that takes your money is always saying inappropriate things to me. If you are a woman  quality and detail-oriented wash. Best value handwash in Phoenix by far." Will be going back!!!"  he thought I had it detailed because it looked so good! We are new to Phoenix & there aren't too many full service washes The owners are going to put together a mobile car wash rig so they can wash cars at people's office or home This is not good news."  which is nice and when you get work done it always includes a ""limited time"" coupon for additional work.  Not a bad deal..." One of the better wash places- way better than Danny's for sure.."  it's never a long wait and the prices are good.  The guys are always super nice to me.  Every time I've gone  I found that the car wash left the door open and that the vehicle wouldn't start...To my surprise all power was dead and it didn't have the power to turn on a flashlight!  It took a friend of mine to arrive with a pair of jumper cables and some patience as we had to slowly re-charge the battery and for the electronics on board to realize the charge.  After about an extra hours delay  it's a k2 model..That was the big selling point of these cars 10 years ago.. The guy continues to argue with me in a pretty hostile tone so I decide to go somewhere else. I drive less than 2 miles away and see another auto car wash The manager explained that I needed to sign the waiver PRIOR to them washing my car. So here I sit waiting while they wash my car  Honda CRV... Looks great! They have a lovely inventory of greeting cards as well."  comfy waiting area.... I'll be back as soon as soon as my windshield is so dirty I can't see out if it anymore."  but I haven't found a car wash that is.  Staff was friendly and they were speedy enough.  Average prices." "They could not do an oil change on a 2010 Kia Sedona - no oil filter in spite of the two auto parts store in the same block. Friendly I just came from there right now Time at Car Wash - 2hrs"  they did not wipe the interior down. They left dirty spots all over the car the windows were not wiped down inside. To top it all off they never told us our car was done and left it sitting in the sun 8.99 full service car wash.  A bargain price and a great wash.  Buy the 5 pack of washes and it is even cheaper.  Inside is vacuumed and outside is great. 19.99 rain x wash. It was a Toyota Tacoma truck. The service was very friendly. Little to no up sell and it was very fast. My only complaint is that they missed some spots. Very minimal!  the passenger compartment air filter. They were totally right that it needed replacing. I was not all flattered by the $49 cost. I went on Amazon while I was there and bought two for $14.99. And then I went to youtube to find out how to replace it. That sort of thing. For what they do tI600wWPFDc4bxEvrbBpRQ  the works but I was on my way out of town so in a bit of a rush manager asked me if 30 minutes was ok I said yeah. 30 minutes later I went to check and found they hadn't started yet!! I got in my truck and left stopping out front for a refund." Its kind of weird to review a car wash...especially since I generally get the $5 deal. These guys are always quick and easy and the attendants are nice. Its right down the street so I can't really complain about anything. I'm not sure about other services but I would definitely go back to get some if I needed it. And while we're on the subject ... it's really wrong the way repair shops play this game. They have really given their industry a horrible name by preying on people's fear of breaking down on the side of the road to upsale repairs that are often unnecessary.  Sorry for the rant Everything about this place irks me and they prey on people who are not auto savvy and they have gotten away with it for so long.  Please stay away from this place as they are way too expensive and will probably be the place to sell you something you do not need if they have the chance."  but no specifics about desert conditions.  I took it in and the manager went over all of the manual's service requests and eliminated the ones he thought I didn't need and turned out to be 200 dollars cheaper than what I was expecting!  Nice to know an honest shop who is willing to save me a few bucks" Dont know why i came back to this location a second time! This place suckkss & lack major customer service. An hour & a half & still waiting...for an oil change & i even scheduled the appt online!!!  I don't think there was any engine damage.  Firestone in Glendale I'm sitting in shop right now.. FIVE hours later and no phone call I went in to check my truck. They tried to tell me that everything was good and I noticed that the tire was still the same. Horrible customer service and terribly rude over the phone.  I went to a different store where they were awesome. The reviews on this site are spot on for this location. Maybe Firestone should take note that the person answering their phone is an IDIOT and do better." "This place is awful!!!!! I've been going to Firestone for yrs all over Arizona. Never ever had an issue until this location!!! Messed up my appts 3 times in one week. I've been here a total of 4 times this week!! Refused to top off all my fluids. Never heard of this before. It's your job!!!! When asking for my keys back "Fantastic experience. Andy and Ivan were exceptional!!! The operating hours of this location are one of a kind Exceptional service and assistance. Ivan was a great technician! I will be contacting their corporate office and the better business bureau about this dealership."  Ivan! Thank you Firestone for hiring these fantastic guys and the rest of this crew!" "I found myself at this Firestone after I had a tire blow out. I was lucky enough to be right next to the shop when it happened so I rolled in still feeling a little shaky. Andrew greeted me immediately and was very friendly  but let him know I was disappointed that they couldn't honor the appointment (especially since I had a hyperactive 4-year-old with me). Otherwise why bother making an appointment? I was happily surprised that they pulled my car right in and began working on it right away. I had also asked for a tire rotation  Craig and the other maintenance staff helped us quickly and were so kind and courteous. The got us back on the road in less than 20 minutes. I can't recommend this place highly enough. They made me a customer for life." Service is ABOVE and BEYOND. Such a nice experience there. Ron has been incredibly helpful and the customer service I received at recent visit more than met my expectations. Prices were pretty good too. I usually use a mechanic in Arcadia and the rates I got here for service were much more reasonable. I'll be back for sure !  Highly recommend! I know it's just a nail in tire but it's so nice when customer service shines. It's hard to find people that care about their customers anymore. I know I do and it's nice when I find people like William."  these guys bring me back every time. Over the years I've come to trust them as my one stop shop. They are fair and go above and beyond to get the job done quickly and they get it right! Thanks guys!!" "These guys are awesome Q_ntUL08gNFpCHhJALwQFA  is always friendly and helpful and you can trust the staff to tell you what you need and don't need done as far as your car. The one time they messed up they stripped my oil pan plug and sent me to a nearby Goodyear store to have it repaired at their cost. First rate business!" This place was awesome!! It took maybe 15 minutes for an oil change and they cleaned the windows. Very efficient. I will definitely be going back.  plus they wash the windows and vacuum the car AND they are normally done if less than 15 minutes. They also have a free fountain machine so load up on Diet Coke while you wait...it makes getting your oil changed not so bad!"  less expensive and friendlier than jiffy lube. I was in and out in less than 20 minutes." Just moved to the area and found this place on yelp. Was fast and not that expensive. The customer service was excellent. The manager helped me and was super nice. Definitely will be back. I can't stress how quick the trip was.  It literally took the estimated 15 minutes for an oil change with some typical car checks.  It was nice that they vacuumed the front seats and cleared the desert crust off my windows.  Fair price with a nice smile.  My only complaint is that I'm not a women to take advantage of their $5 off Ladies Wednesday.  Maybe in another life.  I'm positive it happens to most women who walk into those places). Also they top off most of my fluids and didn't sel to sell me anything extra like an air filter. Though they did suggest I needed to replace my wiper blades (but honestly that's because they really do need to be changed but not at $12.99 a blade in this city. Not only did they clean the outside of my windows but ALSO vacuum my floors Paid $38 and some change with the $5 off Ladies' Wednesday discount." "Awesome!   I got my oil changed and tires rotated in about 15 minutes.  The prices are totally reasonable.  The guys were friendly and approachable.  I felt completely comfortable there the entire time.  At the end  fast and professional. Go here so you don't have to worry about the B.S. you might put up with at other places." "The staff is very accommodating and friendly! I live in Scottsdale and drive to Phoenix to see these guys. Best service J2Ba_GWP8UBZqfjTZfYgog  and array of services. They offer more than just a simple oil change: they offer a fast oil change with great service and a number of other maintenance items or suggestions if needed. They get the Jefe Endorsement of Awesomeness! Stop in "This was one of the most pleasant oil change experiences I have ever had. No waiting and it took them about 15 minutes to complete the whole thing. Everyone was friendly. It was great! It was a little expensive at 40$ It can't get better than that. Go and see for yourself. (never before have i felt like a damn commercial...it's just that good!)" Super fast and efficient.  Came recommended by a nearby garage and did not disappoint.  but I've waited 2 hours at the dealership.  Speed has a price and I'm willing to pay for that."  prompt and efficient. Within twenty minutes of pulling up (and paying less than I was quoted at other highly reviewed spots)  thank god). I was done in about 15 minutes and no one came to up sell me on air filters or ""special oil"". They even wiped down my windshield. I will go back when I need an oil change in September."  also good price. They always check the fluids and top everything off if needed. There are many options out there but we always come here"  we keep in touch. I should probably bake them another batch of cookies."  and Chevy - and have always provided top notch service and very reasonable pricing. They're VW specialists "Best and most honest mechanic i have ever used These guys do know their stuff.  latent problems that the dealer inspection completely missed. Plus Mark found and fixed a couple small problems I'd known about yet forgotten to tell him about. Funny thing was Mont had worked on a vehicle of mine 30 years ago and I recently ""rediscovered"" him. The service experience 30 years ago was identical to this one." "I just love these guys. Best mechanics I've ever had. I have a 13 year old Volkswagen that has spent its entire life in the desert. Montz pays attention to how I use my car and tells me when I need repairs and when I can wait a bit. I have come here for three years "I just love these guys. Best mechanics I've ever had. I have a 13 year old Volkswagen that has spent its entire life in the desert. Montz pays attention to how I use my car and tells me when I need repairs and when I can wait a bit. I have come here for three years I do not recommend this place."  is a merciless consumer. She's great at knowing where she can get the most for her money and when she finds those places she's very loyal. Since I've been taking vehicles to Alex I've also referred a handful of people there. And they've all thanked me for the referral and (at least those that still live in Phoenix) The treatment I received at Alexander's was the worst service I have ever experienced from a business and very  I took my car to the Discount Tire next door to this garage for tire repair. Turned out I needed two new tires. When they got it up on the rack  they did a great job.  I will continue to go to them when I need a car doctor.  Amazing customer service! Highly recommend this place"  trust is the most important aspect when it comes to Auto service This is the type of treatment you will receive at Alexander's Automotive. I send all my friends there and anyone who will listen. Everyone is always grateful for the treatment they receive. Stop getting ripped off and go there NOW! I promise! I never write reviews but felt I had to let others know."  and knowledgable. Good people work here. I discovered them by chance years ago and now take all of my vehicles here. They get the job done right  and the entire crew are absolutely amazing! Affordable pricing  Oscar greeted by first name. This made me confident that Alexander's had many returning customers. Oscar and all the gentlemen at Alexander's were respectful & very costumer service oriented. In the future I will have all my car repairs done at Alexander's All Care Automotive Repair. In addition  and it was a complete nightmare-- I constantly felt like I was getting taken advantage of. I've never felt that way since switching to Alexander's. They really go above and beyond for their customers. They'll take my car over to Discount Tire next door while I'm at work for me so I can get new tires and get the service I need on my car AND even pick me up from work (I work reasonably close by) when my car is finished. They also do free oil changes for regular customers. I wouldn't take my car anywhere else."  Came here they gave me a quote now I'm sitting in the waiting room while their fixing my ride.. Small but okay. Free water "My girlfriend and I have both taken our vehicles to Alexander's and have received nothing but exceptional service. The last time my g friend took her truck in for brakes they noticed she had a bad tire Thanks again guys for the great deal!" I took my car in to get the alternator replaced. I bought one at autozone. They took me in right away even though they were really busy. When they went to put the alternator on they noticed it was defective and had autozone deliver a new one. Every customer that came in they treated them as if they were friends and knew them for a while. They even provide rides home if the car needed to be there longer. They also had free water and drinks and had Netflix which was great for my 3 year old daughter. I have nothing but good things to say about Alexander's and the staff."  but due to an injury I couldn't do it this time.  I took it in n waited in a very comfortable waiting area for a couple hours but didn't seem like it at all.  They told me I was ready n out I went.  I was taken care of n felt like I was a regular customer.  I will b going back here.  Prices Y1ReKMzP5pl76oDUrheaBg "Was having issues with my clutch and had heard about this shop from a friend. They quoted me a more than fair price compared to other shops and had the work done on my clutch in my 350z in no time. I will always take my vehicle to Alexander's. Oscar is very professional and cares for his customers and understands vehicle problems can be stressful  fast. Will definitely go back!! Thanks you guys." I've been going to Alexander's Auto Repair for 12 years. They are honest and very reasonably priced. Alexander and Oscar are the best! I would highly recommend taking your business here. They are professionals that care." Words cannot express how much I love this place. I have been going to them for a couple years now and have a variety of things replaced. Always excellent service and my car runs amazing every time. They always make sure to go out of there way to drive me some where if I need it and make sure I am comfortable. I have sent multiple friends there and they have done amazing work and great service. "Had a failed emission test that indicated the catalytic converter was hosed. Turns out the car has two and both were hosed. Called a ton of shops trying to find someone who wasn't going to charge a fortune and could do the job. After speaking to Alexander and getting not only a cheaper quote than anywhere else  my 11 year old Volvo drives like new again.  My new transmission which they installed is functioning like a charm.  It was by good luck that I found them and never will I go any place else.  They are honest  Oscar and the complete staff made this expense a comfortable one knowing I was not being ripped off.  I know they have forever earned my business as well as referrals.  And as a bonus . . they actually cleaned my disgusting dirty car!  THEY ARE AMAZING!"  they are one of the most honest and reliable mechanics in the business. I was surprised when there wasn't any additional up sell once a quote was established. I would recommend Alexander's to anyone." THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!! :)" but car's running great!" I just wanted a simple oil change and left alone.  I like when I can stay in the car and be out of there in 5 minutes not a sales pitch." P.S. When I went I went down and confronted the staff - predictable results.  Ignorance = minimum wage with poor management." "I drive a mini and usually go to the MINI dealership but couldn't get in and I REALLY needed an oil change. They said they had to check to see if they carried the correct oil filter before they would tell me that they could do the oil change. They checked on the computer but didn't think to check the physical inventory. So after I was given the green light and all the oil was drained out of my MINI....here comes the guy to tell me that the oil filter in stock is defective! He apologizes over and over and says that they are getting another one delivered from another store  I guess I am not the only one who questions their practices. Obviously I won't be coming back here and I suggest you don't go there either." But when you're desperate for quick service "I came here for an oil change after not being able to make it in time for another Jiffy Lube location nearby and felt as though I was of inconvenience to the employee that ""greeted"" me there.  I got here about 30 min to closing They answered all my questions in regards to mai" Slowest service ever. Sat in the waiting room for 25 minutes while four guys stood around the single car in the entire shop. After finally asking for the keys it's been another 20+ minutes and still waiting. So almost fifty minutes and counting for a simple oil change with only one other customer. There is simply nothing jiffy about this place. They are fast and I expect the up sale try on the air filter and know how to avoid that. But this time they told be both my license plate bulbs were out and they could replace for $12 each. I have replaced bulbs before so declined. I went and bought bulbs for a few bucks each. I went to replace them only to find out neither were burned out. Makes me wonder are they so fast because they aren't even changing my oil. I'll never go back here or to any in the chain. I hate feeling like a business I am paying and trusting with the most expensive thing I own other than my house is taking advantage of me!  informative and very professional. Came in from out of town and needed a quick oil change and got in and out in 25 mins." Had an oil change and all fluids flushed.  Not toooooo long ago. Last week my cat started overheating...for no reason..this is where I look up at the sticker... why on earth was it next serviced for 5000 miles....wtf.  I open the Hood yesterday and it's been a week now since overheating  began.   I was told all fluids were topped off.  Yeah well no coolant or oil in my car!! And I still had 1500 miles left u til next oil change. Either you are all careless assholes it you're stupid. I swear to God these people are crooks and looks like others feel the same after declining services. I'm going to contact BBB and let everyone know how my car was treated. Almost exploding due to lowgrade service. Thanks! I am so loyal to Jiffy Lube not only because od the great service but you get free oil top offs between each service. And having a german oil chugging car this is a great service that I always take full advantage of.  I was the only customer. This was after they told me it would only be 15 minutes and I only have an hour lunch and it took me 15 minutes to get here. I am beyond upset and no I don't want any more services! I'm late to work! /sigh/ this jiffy lube should be renamed ""when-we-feel-like it lube"". Do yourself a favor and don't do here." Poor service and guy took advantage of my girl and charged her more than what he need for a simple oil change. On top of that he tried to sale her a new battery (which is really not necessary) by telling her that her battery goes low. STAY A WAY from this place! No knowledge and they'll try to sale you everything just to make more money! "Amazing service and quickly completed! Other places make me wait over an hour for an oil change or request to keep it in for longer times. Must go Forget this place. It's a mess. They overfilled my oil and caused a bunch of potential damage wasting hours of my time - then they promised to refund me and that I'd be contacted by a customer service rep and that never happened despite my own followups (been 6 days). I don't give bad reviews. I made a special effort to come on Yelp and toss my middle finger at this place. Save yourself and go elsewhere!"  but way too expensive for a simple oil change. I pay $20-$30 at most other places. Here they charged me $46. I will not be coming back here again."  I had trouble getting the cap back on (not sure to what) and we haven't rotated your tires yet. It will be another 15 or 20 minutes. ""  Could you not call and let us know?"  all the guys had smiles on their faces. The manager even took the time to answer some of my random questions and it turned into a pretty entertaining conversation! Not to mention he pulled up a coupon on their computer for me to use for my oil change. This Jiffy Lube made what is generally a very mundane chore into a memorable experience." And I also had my wife's tires changed and they gave me a lower price since the tire I wanted was out and the next tire up from that would have cost $15/per tire extra!  Talk about 5 star customer service!"  and for a tire retailer I have to say some if the best service I have had.  i would recommend Discount tire to anyone"  and complimentary water bottles. High five guys! Thanks for always taking care of me!" xdaRYQvc8W4QXk4TZklJfw "These guys totally made my day! I had a flat tire that they fixed for free. I waited less than 30 minutes (I thought it would be longer since there were 7 other people there) and I didn't need to make a reservation. Sure "Discount Tire is the ONLY place I will EVER get tires!!  I only wish I could give more stars.   Fast and friendly service.  Very knowledgeable staff that goes above and beyond to ensure customer satisfaction.  No pressure to buy more than you can afford.  They helped me stay within budget and when I got a flat  the guys let me in to warm up (it was cold!) and took down my information.  Then they told me where I could get coffee and let me chill in their waiting area to stay warm (cause the Sonic doesn't have indoor seating) until my car was ready.  I didn't have to ask for any of that "I have gone to this location a couple of times for tires and also stopped by when I thought I had a nail in my tire and have always received excellent service.  When I stopped because of the nail in my tire "I came into Discount Tire to have them fix a leak in one of my tires.  I was having a license plate issue and they fixed that too! The staff was friendly and the work was done in a timely matter Awesome ! I did not expect to have such a pleasant experience at a tire place. They were helpful anf quick. Every one was smiling and said hello. Great service. And they match any price. They lent me a tire when I was in a pinch." "These guys are rock stars! They have the perfect balance of personality and professionalism. Adam met me on my way in and made the experience flow smoothly. Larry finished it off great  and some of the most professional and quality service in the valley. Came highly recommended from a friend I was very impressed with the level of service at this location.  I was in a hurry and had a very low tire.  They fixed my tire in record time and I was on my way.  I definately recommend them. Fast service and complimentary water bottles. I brought my car in to have the tires rotated. Discount Tire rotates and balances my tires every 6K miles free since I purchased my tires with from.  All done.  I feel loved.  I am a lifelong customer!" "" I favor this particular location.  I've written about my experiences at others  come here for your tire needs. These guys are the best I drove away feeling safe and satisfied with the service I received. I'll be going back there to replace both tires. Thanks so much guys!"    Wish I could give 10 stars!"  a gesture i will never forget.  He also gave me a tool to assist in getting my hubcaps off in case anything happened and i would need to change my tire in the future.  I have never had such outstanding service anywhere in my life.  I am a small business owner in Scottsdale and im happy to find employees with half the fortitude and assertion that Gabriel displays.  because of my experience with Gabriel and discount tire I am now a loyal dedicated customer.  i will never shop anywhere else for tire services.  Thats how its done I immediately called discount tire where Jim is always waiting to save the day apparently. :) He said to drive right over. It'd take an hour but he had the tire for $88. I drove up  I brought it in and saw that their business was booming. A nice line for free tire pressure checks while you wait in your car they check and fill...and with a smile (so I observed). They guys filling the tires greeted me outside and we're super courteous. Then I went inside and Jason was awesome. Gave me stats about my tires and facts about their health. I waited like 45 min in a cool room with cold water bottles and I even saw a wifi router. This place is the paramount of tire repair and sales shops for customer service...seriously."  and will continue to praise them and refer to others. Thank you again discount  this stuck and now whenever anyone talks about tires from here on out I know exactly where the honest business in town is to refer them to." This location is awesome ! They went out of their to help me mount and balance my new wheels into my car 5 minutes before closing! They also were fast and efficient pricing was very fair and quality work! Not one scratch on my new wheels and TPMS sensors were installed and programmed properly. Way cheaper than the dealership and same quality and faster service. It's 430AM and I have a nail in my tire.  Not the way to start my day.  Luckily the gents at this discount tire fixed my tire in all of 15 minutes.  Store is clean and they have water.  Everyone was courteous and shook my hand. Yes still bitter on this one!!!!!" I'll definitely be back  but you'd think their tire techs would've done enough of these types of cars to know better. 45 minutes later I get my car back and get halfway home and the tire pressure light comes on. Now I have to go back a third time and get that fixed. This is not the way I wanted to spend my entire Saturday morning. I'll be going elsewhere next time."  and first out! That just didn't happen! Because the guy that helped me was unprepared with having cash in his drawer.. 5 cars got in front of me! Manager overheard everything... nobody said sorry or try to fix the problem! Got refund and left!. 20+ years customer gone for good!"  and as such are going to keep me as a customer for a long time to come. Thank you for the great experience."  I had a tire replaced a month ago and told him I wanted the exact tire to replace another that was going bad on my vehicle. He quoted me a price $50 higher than I paid a month ago! I asked him why there is such a price difference and he told me their prices fluctuate Second thoughts about this place"  great rebates. Always buy my ties here for last 25 years  it was just ""come back when you need new ones.""  Way to see the value in developing a relationship with a customer rather than nickel-and-diming."  but sometimes you will need to wait for a long time because their store is so small with limited parking spaces.  Better make an appointment before you go!"  waited:15 in line to mention my appt. Been here :42 min and cars not done:-(" Excellent service! Was in there last week and the manager Ryan Castro knows how to run the store well. Friendly and inviting atmosphere. I will recommend this location to everyoneI know.  he also looked at the other tires measured the wear and told me when I would need to start thinking about a rotation and how far down the road for new tires in addition to what the cost would be Good for Sam and his customer service and exercising the integrity that companies should have." Never going back to this location."  and they were getting run down anyway.  I left with a brand new set of four tires and made it home safely with no problems.  If I am every in the Phoenix area again "I've been going to various Discount Tire's for 20+ years. I've always been happy with their service and prices. Went to this location because one of my tire's was losing air. I understand having to wait when going to any repair place/tire shop and I'm fine with it. What bothered me was watching people come in after me  they do free brake inspections and if you make sure they install OEM brake parts instead of advertised specials which WILL squeek badly then BM can be a good option.  For that service alone I wouldn't write them off."  and didn't try and sell me a bunch of other add ons. Friendly service and did what needed to be done." 5m1L5l_k2xFTZO3jttmVOg Went there for an oil change recently.  Didn't know if there's going to be a wait time so I called ahead and make an appointment.  In and out of the store in under 30 minutes.  Great service and friendly staffs.  but the shop nearby would have taken three hours minimum and cost more." So I'm won as a customer and will go here for all my auto needs from now on and no more needing to stress out everytime i need something with my car. yay ^-^"  they did not even want us to leave the vehicle there overnight. I will NEVER do business again with this company (or this location). We ended up calling AAA and having it towed to their business. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS BUSINESS!!!! They come off as nice guys but in the end they're lazy mechanics."  and replace my air filters. The team communicated often concerning their findings and the cost was much less than the first shop. They saved me a brake job I'm never going back to this shop again This is the worst break masters in town. Not one mechanic can show you there ASE  certifications even though they advertise it. I would never recommend you let these guys touch your car. They make jokes after they mess up your car even blew a customers engine while I was there. The wait is  a joke like the employees as they all sit around watching videos on there phones while your car sits there. There's is a reason kids work at these places. You want a mechanic go to a repair shop not a jiffy lube cause that's all that break masters is. Save your money please don't make my mistake. I'm happy with the service otherwise." Better service this time around. Steve is a nice guy! They're open to our Saturday car needs last minute (oil change). Done within  an hour and some. Every other brake masters was full till the next week except these guys. I appreciate it. "I took my car there for an oil change and as soon as I walked in I realized the great customer service. They are very nice. They said good morning to me with a smile on their face. I went to three different places before I ended up on this one and what I heard as greeting was "" WHATS UP... WHATS GOING ON.... and a simple..SUP?""  A GOOD MORNING from the guys at Break Masters # 122 made my day. They finished the oil change and the gentelman Awesome awesome.. walked in after some horrible experiences elsewhere and they had everything done in less than an hour... thanks guys...  I chose to skip the break fluid change. The price was good. Bad part is that I had to wait for 2 hours and 30 minutes because they first got a spare that didn't fit and had to go back to find the right one again. Wish they gave a proper estimated wait time so I would have chosen to drop it off."  I'm looking at having to have my engine completely cleaned of burnt oil and transmission fluid and hope I won't have to get a new transmission or engine."  I drove the SUV for a week and it still didn't feel right when braking so I brought it back and the manager Craig handled what ever the issue was and made it right. I wasn't happy having to leave my car again or wait as I did the first time and having paid good money "Posted on the window is $18.95 oil change.  When I dropped off my jeep I specified that I wanted the express oil change for this price.  The guy at the counter even told me to look up a $5 off coupon!When I picked up my car 1 1/2 hours later they told me my total was over $40.   I reminded him I wanted the express oil change Customer service sent a message claiming I was untrue about my review because the total was $18.95 plus tax-did I not mention that I got the $18.95 price after being told that my total would be over $40 and had to argue with the employee about the price?  If that's unclear then let me make it clear. Your employee was rude and tried to charge more to a customer. "Fred and crew did a fantastic job repairing and restoring my beautiful 12 year old brown leather sofa (nearly destroyed by three very active boys).  It really does look (and smell) just like NEW!  They kept me informed I contacted them to replace the springs on my  leather couch. At first they seemed really helpful and interested in the work. I talked to the owner who was supposed to call me back to schedule when to come look at the couch and take it to their shop. That phone call never happened. I even called and left a message with the receptionist and he never called back. So the next day I called again and talked to him. He didn't care at all that he didn't call me back. He flatly told me that he was busy and that I was 1 of 20 people he needed to call or that had called him. Great that he is that busy but if he continues to disregard potential customers like he did me he won't be busy for much longer. i found leather like new from the yelp reviews and fred is wonderful! he picked up my couch cushion and even delivered it back to me! he did a great job repairing it and was so sweet to teach me how to clean my couch as well. his staff was also very nice and helpful! i would def recommend leather like new to anyone! give fred a try you wont be disappointed!  and honestly lied to about when I would get calls back.  I have called and left messages about my dissatisfaction.  I HAVE NOT RECEIVED ANY CALLS OR EXPRESSIONS OF REMORSE IN REGARDS TO HOW I HAVE BEEN TREATED.  Fred will not be busy for long.  I will never be recommending his services  and another requiring leather treatment.  All of the work was done quickly and expertly.  Fred and the team were professional and courteous.  I have no idea how they made the leather chair 'like new' but they did it.  We've had the furniture back in our house for a few weeks now and I am 100% satisfied."  the owner is a true professional.  These guys know what they are doing.  I would trust them with any sort of leather no matter the uniqueness of the piece or the severity of the damage. Keep it up guys!"  and even the loaner couch we were given was very nice. It's very rare for  our expectations to be met in terms of quality of work and customer service when dealing with service companies dawAnASHIDi1CQ7y9_tOgw  so I thought I'd have them cleaned and conditioned. The company that came over to clean them said they were beyond repair. Leather Like New was recommended and both pieces now look good as new...I kid you not. It's unbelievable what they did to each piece. Thanks guys for an amazing and incredible job."  we got a call that they where ready for pick-up. The stools look absolutely amazing! I'm a total perfectionist and still can't believe how good they look. We had also planned to take the stools to an upholstery shop to have the backs recovered. But Leather Like New took care of that as well. Thank you Fred  is virtually like BRAND NEW. This Fred is some kind of miracle worker with leather. Highest possible rating: a very good business!!!!!!" Cant give more than one star when the owner's website is not viewable on android phones and tablets. They did an amazing job- and we could not be happier with the results!!!!  Great customer service!  and two living room) I had reupholstered are beautiful. I am thrilled with the quality professionalism of this business. They made many trips out to my house to give me quotes  and everyone was professional and friendly. Had four couches done and it exceeded my expectations for price and quality of work. Would highly recommend." "Best mechanics ever.  I brought them a list of repairs that my dealership gave me (equal to the total value of my car) and they told me which ones were imperative and which ones were optional.  They basically turned away excessive amounts of my money.  I almost hesitate to write this review joVkrByRkDujZP3w4_1Fcw Bottom line: Kelly Clark quoted me $750+ for repairs that my dealership did for $550."  me thinks never again! I had an 8 am appointment for an oil change and head light problem. I waited for 2 hours and they didn't address the initial problem (the head light) until I reminded them at the time of payment. I clearly explained that I received a citation for having a head light out and I needed that looked at first. They reconnected the wire that had shaken loose and were shady in writing it on the receipt. I asked the guy to clarify on the receipt what was done and he blew me off by saying  I will never go back to Kelly-Clark." Quick service and honest  trustworthy and on time. I have even recommended this shop to my family and they also had a good experience. I appreciate the straightforward simple language about what my car needs. Many shops make me feel like they are trying to take advantage of a girl who is not mechanically inclined in any way. I needed a shop I could trust and here it is!" "We've trusted our cars to Kelly Clark for well over 8 years now.  My husband's then- employer took all their fleet cars to Kelly Clark and they always kept even the old war horses running strong.  Friendly service "I came here today because I was on the 51 freeway and the front factory plastic ground effects under the front bumper finally broke off and was dragging on the freeway.  I pulled off and remember these guys being here years ago so I came in to see if they can pull it off completely for me real quick...otherwise I would keep driving to find another shop I cannot recommend this place enough. This is the real deal and they will not give you the run around." "This isn't like other automotive shops I've taken my vehicles to in the past. It is always a very pleasant experience with no pushy up-selling me things I don't really need (like other shops and dealerships tend to do.) The Service Advisors are really friendly and they actually care about their customers. I know that if I take my cars to these guys  and the employee worked with me so I could still get my car back same day. I cannot say enough positive things about my experience. Simply professional  at the rate stated on the invoice those 2 quarts only added up to 7 dollars and change.  Make sure you enquire as to pricing before you schedule.  Plenty of places charge $25 or less for the same service.  On the positive side they were courteous Bottom line-everyone makes mistakes sometimes. But in the end-do you want service from the company that admits it and remedies it? Or from the company that brushes it under the rug? I will continue to go here for maintenance because I know they are honest and forth-coming." My car wasn't fixed correctly the first time I brought it in (we are all human after all) They fixed it and made it right without me even needing to say 2 words about it! I recommend this shop."  no frills repair shop. I think they are fair and honest. I have always been happy with the work."  he just wants to fix your car.  I had an experience a few years back where my car literally wouldn't run.  I thought I was in for a very expensive fix.  Turns out the vacuum hose separated itself from the manifold.  I simply need a clip replaced.  My total bill was under $25.  If they were a dishonest shop  it's especially important to me to have someone I can trust.  They're far from my home so I've tried taking my car somewhere else a couple of times and wind up coming back to Scott.  It's worth the trip." Scott and his crew have been done a great job with my '97 Z3 for the five years I've had it. I would say that he is very conservative and only recommends service that is needed. I had to talk him into a brake job that he said I didn't need. I have been bringing my BMW's here since '98.....best BMW shop in town.....they only sell you what you need and they are honest......  we were both happy with the service but my friend did say that Ray should have given us a verbal estimate of the cost of the service prior to performing the repair. I'm sure this was just an oversight. I would recommend this mechanic to BMW owners." I'm really glad I found this shop. I feel secure taking my BMW here Ray is the most friendly and trustworthy and knowledgable BMW manager/owner hands down. Just call him up and ask him anything (and I do mean ANYTHING) about an e46 and he will tell you what the problem is and what it would cost. Can't get that at a dealer or a neighborhood repair shop.  I would trust Ray with anything. 1 year warranty on the work performed. I had my head gasket replaced 12 days left on the warranty. Bottom line my car still moves and handles top notch." Very happy with the work Ray and his team has done on my '07 BMW 328i.  With over 116K miles on my car it's good to have a shop I am comfortable with.  My car and I like Scott's Motor Werks.  is always there to answer your questions and explain his findings. You can go in and leave your BMW with confidence that only the work you need will be performed with no up sell on any unwarranted work. Let's not forget how reasonable his prices are. I highly recommend this shop and the staff. Thank you for all the help and great work." Just arrived after calling at 8. BMW tensioner going bad and urgent so took me in immediately!  Has item in stock and said I'll be out in two hours -- less than half of what the dealership quoted.  I have had no complaints about North Scottsdale BMW dealership but they are pricey. Shop and office and waiting area ABSOLUTELT IMMACULATE.   No smells at all.  No mold or dirt of any kind.   I'll update how my car runs.  But so far I am impressed.  and didn't try to sell me anything I didn't want or need. If I need another repair in Arizona Yhbsyq_n4J3vLhw9WkXwAw  and friendly. Got my car right in for a fix (window regulator for 2004 x5) and done right away. $100 less than my last mechanic quoted.  I will be using Ray for all of my BMW service!  Thanks Ray!" I'm really glad I found this shop. I feel secure taking my BMW here "I can't say enough good things about Scott's BMW.  They have nursed my 2001 X5 from the time it went out of warranty until its current 225  removing it from the wire harness brackets on the engine block and AC compressor that are there to keep it away from the exhaust manifold. Did I mention that these exhaust manifolds get VERY hot? Had I not ""repaired the repair "It's hard to find warm hearted kind people now a days.  Owning a Bmw as most individuals know is very expensive.  I just replaced my battery and it needed to be registered to the car.  A simple process that most dealerships would charge an hour or two of labor on.  This process only takes a few minutes time.  I called Ray and he said he could fit me right away.  I drove to his shop and he quickly brought his high tech computer scan tool out and coded my battery for me in minutes.  I was on my way in a very short time.  Before choosing him I called a few other shops for pricing and they all seemed to be about the same.  Once the job was done I found Scott's after the other repair shop we had been using closed down and I'm glad we did.  They did a great job and were honest.  I took it in for what I thought was a serious issue and it ended up just being a loose cable to my power steering which was a lot less expensive than I was expecting.  Will continue to use them! "Ray has taken care of my cars for years.  I was excited when he took over Scott's Motor Werks a couple of years ago. His new shop is a little further from my house but well worth the trip. You won't find anyone more familiar and expert at repairing BMWs. Ray and Jeff do not recommend unneeded repairs and know the lifecycle of the cars they work on.  They can fix (and often predict) the common problems and even the very obscure ones - far better than the dealer. Ray always takes the time to explain what is wrong and what needs to be done to fix the problem. When I had to buy a used car for my daughter recently  fair price and they finished it very quickly.   What more do you want?!?  Highly recommended!!!  Thank you Ray Blandine!"  competent and great price.  What more can I ask !" I've rented from this Uhaul 3 times. It is fast and affordable and they don't try and upsel you a bunch of crap you don't need. Mike has been here a long time and he is very helpful and friendly.  explained everything and were extremely pleasant to deal with.  In addition great place been renting trucks for years and they always have propane and its not super expensive  then he tried to tell me that the truck does not come with a ""ball hitch"" and I would have to buy one at 30-40 dollars including tax additional to all rental costs of both.  I said that this is unreasonable and a ""rip off"" this infuriated the owner (wears Glasses) and shouted i am not in the business of ripping people off and said to go elsewhere........ gladly i did.  Do not do business with this guy....you have been warned......" DO NOT GET PROPANE REFILLS AT THIS LOCATION! New manager does not know how to tell the difference between a certified and uncertified propane tank. Been going to this location for past 5 years w old manager Mike. Never had a problem w him refilling my Rhino Propane exchange tanks.....didn't know Rhino Propane used old uncertified tanks! Will NEVER go back.  and tells me he won't do the job if he can't make it good enough that he would put one of his kids back behind the wheel. He gets all 5 stars from me "My truck had been in an accident already with similar frame damage and other shops said they wouldn't be able to fix it. Here they Anyone looking for a place  but we don't know where to look to fix it."" Someone recommended this place. Car was fixed  great service.  Hours are a little difficult to work around working an 8 to 5 job but if my car gets this kind of great service..  I'll make arrangements." I was extremely disappointed by the rude treatment I received.  I would not recommend this shop to anyone.  As a matter of fact I got a Yelp account for the sole purpose of rating this shop.  and if you're looking for an honest mechanic look no further. James always lets me know what's going on with my car. When I should change something  how long it would be and at a very good price.  I am taking my car back this week to get the ac fixed.  I am very happy I found Intech Auto." I can't say for body work because I've never had any done There ARE honest mechanics. Took my car in this morning to ask for an estimate to replace my brakes which have been screeching to high heaven. They took a look and told me I probably have 20K miles left before I'll need them replaced; it's just the pad compound that makes a lot of noise. Since I only have only 24K miles on the current brakes "I should have written this review years ago. This place is really great. I have been bringing our family vehicles here for the better part of the last decade. They are fast  thorough and also timely.  I have been bringing my car to them for the past three years  price was ok. Per the 3000 mile rule I took it to another shop for an oil change and they told me the oil hasn't been changed in over 6000 miles!! This place charged me for the service and it was never done. Crooks and I'm never going back." Chill &. His crew have taken care of a lot of vehicles for me with never an issue top-notch highly recommend. Trust worthy QXX4EWW_vpex3MYKDkz50A Been going here for years. They have worked on all the vehicles in my family and they will always be the ones I go to! They have never run up a bill and this isn't the place where you go in for brakes and they tell you you need a new engine. Prices are maybe a bit more than other places but they are definitely fair and peace of mind is worth it knowing they aren't throwing parts at you. Our entire family now uses Scardino's He also gave me some great advice on a few things that my truck needed that I could do myself. Sure enough it made my truck run much better and I saved a few more bucks! This will be my shop from this day forward. Thanks Chill  professional and didn't try to add on additional repairs. He kept us updated throughout the day on the status(which I really appreciate!)  and by 430p she was ready to be picked up!  They did a great job!  Thank you Steve for making this experience a good one!"  spoke with me and made me comfortable with leaving my car at the competitor's shop because the other shop also does very good work at a very reasonable rate. Cory in no way tried to steal my business. He vouched for the other business and spoke very highly of them. Class act."  I was happy to see that the shop closest to my house had three positive reviews.  I spoke directly with the store manager The price is fair and there very Honest most of all...If your a single women you can trust what they tell you..."  and did the work in one day.  Their prices are fair with no upselling!!  Thanks to Robin & Brian--you are the best!!" They are just ripping you off if you ask them to fix anything but your transmission in my opinion."  and several other repairs. Very friendly and helpful staff. I recommend this place to everybody!"  paid my bill and have spent the past two weeks adjusting and repairing the little things myself or having another shop do it. Case in point was a simple bolt/screw that held a kick down cable in place. After putting car on rack and wondering why fluid was pouring from trans "Awful experience today. Took my car to get a repair and left with more damage than I had when I got there. Owner is very unprofessional and doesn't care about his customers. Office manager was at least willing to listen Instant response and inspection. Found my transmission performing normally. We will need to get some scheduled maintenance done but nothing unexpected. Great news for 107000 miles. 400.00.  To RE-build my transmission.  Used scare tactic "" oh you CAN NOT drive out of here it is un-safe"".  This is a common practice of AAMCO to separate you from your car as quickly as possible.   After leaving my car for 5 days with this location they did several other repairs on my car.   I went to pick it up and was dealing with the owner Scott.   He was shocked to learn I was paying with my debit card.   He wanted me to pay with cash !!    I said no I don't have cash.   After 3 weeks I brought my car back due to a bad vibration.   I dropped it off on a Monday at noon.  By Tuesday at noon no call from them so I had to call and ask what was going on.  I was informed by John my car had not been looked at yet it was in line with all the rest of the cars to be looked at!   I asked for the owners number.  I call Scott Lefkowitz the owner at his other location on Vanburen.  He promised to call me back and never did.  I got a call from John saying my engine mounts were broken. And that has nothing to do with the repairs we already did.   I told them not to do anything to my car.   I took my car to 2 separate mechanics both told me I had NO broken motor mounts.  That it was my torque converter.  Which was suppose to have been rebuilt and replaced when I had the initial work done.   The shop on Cave Creek is a scam shop.  Very rude poor service and they will lie to you just to get more $$ out of you.  Do not use this location !!!" The man has been driving cars for 35 years and the transmission is still an issue. You dont have to have a certified mechanic to know when a job is not done correctly. What is the point of a warranty if they refuse to look at the job they did incorrectly? Thousands of dollars down the drain and the transmission struggles to shift. Don't go here. The only reason why I am writing this review is because my dad doesn't have yelp and nobody will help him. He wants everyone to be aware of the issues you may encounter by going here." u4JL5Vw4_XI-4Zu6ZKcfNw 000 miles it would connect with computer to run right..really? After many more miles put in we called them dropped it off on Monday. 4 days later no call from them then we called and they said its the engine and that they would charge another 196 to check the engine. Then John said that we could take to other mechanic and if we didn't trust them to go somewhere else. Then he said he couldn't do anything and this call was going no where. Horrible customer service!"  Tommy and Rex are awesome and do a great job taking care of me and my vehicle!"  I noticed they have one of those arcade basketball games to play for FREE while you're killing time. I TOTALLY suck  love the high level of customer service that paul and his staff provide at central car care.  i recommend them to all my friends.  good service Great service! Checked and filled all tires from a warning indicator when on way to work early in am.  I took my vehicle to Paul @ CCC and am an extremely happy customer.  I was able to drop my car off early.  I was given a phone call once diagnostics were finished an quoted a very fair price for my repairs. Everyone at the counter was absolutely a pleasure to work with.  This is my go-to person for regular maintenance and unexpected repairs." I would recommend CCC to anyone with any car-related issue." They always do a great job and charge me a fair price. They are nice and talk my language My repairs were completed as promised & the experience was exactly what I was looking for.  I can guarantee you 1000% that I'll be going back for all of my auto needs because of Paul  and reliable auto repair shop I've come across in a long  time.  I found them on Yelp and I'm really glad I decided to take my car there."  they lied and told me I needed a new alternator ($260 + labor) when I did not." I don't think I've ever been to a mechanic before that said I didn't need suggested work done.  Thank you so much." I orginally found this through a Groupon ad they were offering for an oil change special and I have been going back for a few years now for all my services and new tires. The people who own this are honest An excellent local garage. They are friendly and efficient while treating customers with respect. Their prices are excellent.  and they did bring them up with a price quote and explanation of what the problem and how they fix it. There was absolutely no pressure to get it fixed right that second... So needless to say "I had read all the Yelp reviews and purchased a Groupon for an oil change from Central Car Care. I am very disappointed. The actual experience was great during the service. One of the workers made coffee for me and the lounge area was nice for a car shop. I was advised that my truck needed a water pump  great family owners that have been so easy to deal with. I always feel they treat me fair."  where I found out that the so called things that needed to be fixed were inaccurate. One item specifically   Paul and his staff are courteous & knowledgeable. Repair prices are reasonable with quick turnarounds!" "I have come to Central Car Care for years with my truck. I would trust no one else with my truck. Paul and Rex are ethical "As a young man I was treated with little to no respect when I came in. I stated what the problem with my car was (I would have fixed it if only I had the equipment) then I was told that I was wrong and had no idea what I was talking about. I was told to then wait. They did not tell me how long   my experience was amazing.  Rex Dunn met me at the counter with a giant smile and was extremely helpful.  He even walked me through all the mechanics to what they were doing to my car.  He took the time to talk to me and was extremely kind. The work on my car was cheap "Wow!!! Talk about great customer service. I came here to get my oil changed and I plan on continuing all my car needs here. The staff is extremely friendly We found this place via grpupon when we needed an oil change. We called and made an appointment for 12 and even got there a half hour early.  While waiting for the car to be finished we ran a few errands and returned at 2pm thinking it has to be done but nope still up on the lift. The gentleman tells us it wont be much longer and to take a seat so we do and the car isnt done until 3pm! I really have no idea how an oil change can take this long or why they clearly overbooked their day. I will never return here. I have been going to Central Car Care for years and have always been happy with the quality of service and the fair prices.  I have referred several of my friends to Paul and Rex and everyone has expressed the same feelings of fairness. Tim  going on a road trip on Sunday. Central Car Care (Mike) diagnosed it quickly (power steering hose leak) and repaired it within a couple of hours Central car care is one of the only places I trust to bring my vehicle. They are honest and reliable. They work with you to fix your vehicle and to help you find the best options available. 4 vehicles and 10 years later I still bring my car here. I couldn't recommend this place enough! I love that they'll tell me what needs to be done and what I can hold off on until later.  Very reliable work.  Never had a problem with any work they've done."  and competitively priced...what more can you ask for??  I'm certainly not going anywhere else.  Thank you  and they get the job done fast. They have extremely fair pricing they fix things right the first time. I highly recommend them!!"  since they don't specialize in mufflers. They recommended mighty muf'ler. After a day @ their shop I get a call saying my car is ready. I'm expecting to pay upwards of $500  come here!! My FJ cruiser had a rattle underneath from a boulder mishap for years. I was referred here and 20 minutes and $25 later it was good as new! Dealer had told me it was going to be so expensive that I would be better off making an insurance claim. I am so glad I was given the right advice to come here." Honest people that do excellent work.  And they don't try to upsell you on work you don't need.  Very hard to find honest people in this line of work.  Highly recommended!  Don't even go near the big chain places.  Greg was great to work with. He's got a great personality and good sense of humor to boot. I honestly can't see going anywhere else for my exhaust needs  he did the work in the time he told me it would take and there was no surprises and my car is doing well. I would recommend this place over ANY muffler shop. Plus you support local business and not a chain." "Got me in and out fast  a big bill. I could tell the muffler was sound but the issue was further in. I took the auto to a local well rated ( in Yelp) national franchised shop. The mechanic told me indeed it was not the muffler but all the brackets and piping upto the manifold needed replacement for $250. He already put the car down off the lift so I could not see it. I declined and went to Fry's. There I put down a towel 500 for the OEM replacement. (The header and front catalytic converter with sensors is one expensive unit). I arrived without an appointment and Greg and his assistant got the truck up on the rack after helping a customer ahead of me.  They determined there was a minor leak and recommended it was not worth replacing at this time; no safety issue and it may not get any worse.  They were friendly and helpful and did not charge me anything for their time.  They just asked that I come back to them if I need help in the future.  They also treated the customer ahead of me with the same care and offered an affordable solution to his muffler issue.   I wish more businesses were like Mighty Muffler."  good work.  Never had a problem in the years that their work has been on my car.  Much lower prices than anywhere else I can find.  Will come back"  but Mighty Muffler folks are all of those things.  I called them to see what kind of mufflers they stocked for my 2004 Corvette.  The owner was honest and told me he didn't stock them and I could get them cheaper by ordering them myself on the Internet.  He said he would be glad to install them for me and he allowed me to have them shipped directly to his shop.  He stored them for me and installed them for the quoted price.  He modified some aftermarket parts on the car to assure a perfect fit at no extra cost and sent me happily on my way with a corvette that emits a deep throaty muscle car sound.  I recommend Mighty Muffler for anything from your Kia to your '34 Ford hot rod coupe." When I drove out of the auto emission facility in Scottsdale my exhaust pipe was dragging in the street.  I made a quick repair with a coat hanger and went to Mighty Muffler.  Greg at Mighty Muffler was very friendly and welded the muffler back onto it's bracket while I waited.  The service and repair price were excellent.  Thanks Mighty Muffler.  Mike T. Thank you for sharing you craft and the integrity with which you conduct business."  they looked at it and told me that although the exhaust system looked awful (from Midwest salt-induced rust) that it was fine and what I really needed was a motor mount.  This place is a throwback place 6FECmOLQSICW1ykyBbEHng  but there were two other guys there that were super friendly as well. I would absolutely go back. Fair prices and fast service. Completely happy." 6FECmOLQSICW1ykyBbEHng I have had two jeeps and two trucks done here. These guys are awesome no complaints. Excellence service and high quality of work  and great prices! Very reasonable and stands by their work! I will without a doubt keep coming back!" Tony and crew lure you in with a $86.50 fee for a diagnostic and then found a horn ring or clock spring issue.  This is a cheap part and 30 min of labor according to the dealer.  We got hit with a charge of $565!  According to the dealer this should have been no more than $250 part and labor.  I recommend having any electrical diagnosed elsewhere as they used to be a great shop but have slid in recent years.  Buyer beware.  when my van needed air conditioning work I thought about using them again but decided to check their reviews first. I found the IDENTICAL review posted on google and on Yelp  I KNOW I've been taken advantage of at other shops. This was not the case at Elliott's. After bringing my car in they were able to identify the problem quick and then order the needed parts and after a short time I got my car back and haven't had problems since. I was treated fairly and feel I got the best service possible. Thanks Elliott's for such great service and for treating me right!"  cost effective repair by honest professionals who have a great understanding of their work." I recently had my truck in for repairs over at Elliott's for some transmission shifting and electrical related issues what I thought would be very pricey. The opportunity was definitely there for them to charge a really high price and make a good profit. Instead after diagnosing the issue what I thought could be over a 2k repair ended up being a fraction of that mental guesstimate  was somehow shorting and draining the juice.) There was a refreshing lack of ""little lady"" condescension so prevalent among mechanics (for instance Horrible horrible customer service and work. We went there a year ago and it was great but the same problem they supposedly fixed happened again! So we took it again five days ago no one has called us or anything I called today and sounds to me as they haven't done anything so frustrated never going back there. "Horrible horrible customer service and work. We went there a year ago and it was great but the same problem they supposedly fixed happened again! So we took it again about a week ago no one has called us or anything I called today and sounds to me as they haven't done anything so frustrated never going back there. We were charged 100 dollars to look at it after they found out it wasn't the same problem but never told us or asked us if we wanted them to proceed and how we would be charged for them to diagnose the problem and they just went ahead. They would never call us to update us or anything and we would have to call them everyday . They had my car for a week and that's how long it took them to diagnose what was going on. Don't go there! When it all was said and done they wanted to charge us 1  the windows are still slow and the starter still does not crank when the engine is hot. I was fooled by the constant bright note every time I called. Before I could say a word the person who answers the phone always listed the exciting progress they were making. I brought it back twice during the 3 month period to fix the things they did not fix. I finally gave up because they leave these nice cars out in the weather and did not want my car sitting outside any longer. Elliot's may have been a good place to go at one time but now the old skill seems to be gone. The place is a mess with all the car bays full of junk instead of cars  I came here 10 years ago they fixed my car that I had at the time  knowledge and experience needed to repair Mercedes and will do a better job than any of the dealerships or garages.  I wish I would have known about this place years ago!! They are honest and go above and beyond. No need to go anywhere else.  Pass the word Mercedes lovers!!!  Thank you Euro Car Center!!" http://www.RainDanceRealty.com" All it takes is one rude asshole to alienate a customer which he did with flying colors."  to which I found two clerks chewing gum and leaning on the back wall behind the counter. I had to ask for them to ring me up. You would have thought that I asked them to change my tire. I know working at a gas station probably isn't their dream job Pricey fuel but I appreciate this location that is near the freeway on Glendale/Lincoln.  I used to live nearby and this place is always clean and pretty nice.  It is very small but serves its purpose.  newspapers and other items are sold at this small food mart location." Who's had to also dig around for quarters and be frustrated when the attendant won't turn it on cl5gr18l4R00NnQbVtgJ5Q "Honest people who do honest work. Fair prices and George the owner is always there to answer you questions. They stand behind their work 100%.  I trust my mom and sister's cars here  I brought my car in because it was having problems starting. Sun Devil Auto said I had a bad starter and needed a new serpentine belt along with it. A $500.00 repair. George told me the truth. It was a dying battery and my serpentine belt still had several months left on it. I left happily in less than an hour and only spent about $100.00.  Easily the best mechanic I have ever had. As long as George continues to run Rob's Quality Automotive I will go there."  due to my troubles the prior day. Awesome! Even though this was not his fault  and detailed explanations of what's wrong with your car.  A recent experience demonstrates the honesty of this shop.  I had some engine lights turn on and auto zone ran a diagnostic that suggested some larger problems but after taking the car to George I found out that it turned out to just be a dying battery.  There is no other place in town I'll take my vehicles."  my check engine light is flashing and you smell something burning. There was a heaven sent heavy machinery auto shop at the top of the mountain that helped us as much as they could. Surprise surprise! My oil plug wasn't put back in properly. My car leaked all the oil. The engine ran so rough it broke my motor mount...now there is oil in the spark plug well. A cylinder went out  and friendly customer service. What more do you want?" Very reasonable price and great customer service. I appreciated feeling important to George and his guys. Thanks!!  that's when you are in danger. I was selling a car and the buyer took it to his own shop for an inspection. They found cheap non OEM parts failing that Rob's had recently installed and had charged for OEM! I never would have known except the prospective buyer had his shop inspect the car. I went back to Rob's and George did not deny he used cheap non OEM parts and charged for OEM. But he knew I was relocating out of state and refused to replace the faulty parts or give credit.(hey This is the only place I will take my car to get worked on. Totally honest and They treat their customers like family.  this shop is 5 stars all around. They recently went to ring me up and noticed that they had charged me $25 more than they originally quoted (I hadn't noticed) and they quickly changed it before I paid. That's the kind of integrity that is hard to find in an auto shop. I will be a long time loyal customer."  every time I come here I feel I've gotten my monies worth. George and Staff are the Best!!!!" So if you want to get something fix correct the first time take it here.." I would highly suggest Crutcher for your g-ride needs!"  I suspect that we'd have only paid for a radiator weld..." DO NOT HESITATE to trust these guys. They're honest and do great work in a timely manner. Their shop is clean. Their staff is friendly and knowledgeable. They take the time to explain what's wrong. They stand by their work. And their prices are fair. I'd give them ten stars if I could." "We have used Crutcher for years - they are always honest and professional. We have takens several cars to them over the years I have taken my car in to Crutcher's several different times for various repairs. Each time they have been honest and forthcoming about what needs to be done and what can wait for another time. I have referred them to all my friends and family looking for an honest mechanic....a rare find!  I have older vehicles and some of them are obsolete and difficult to find parts for but they're always able to come up with a solution.  I highly recommend Crutcher Automotive." Javier is great. He was honest with me about suggested repairs I needed now and needed later. I will suggest this place to anyone that asks.  I set my mind on bringing my Infiniti g35 to them to look at it. And I'm so thankful I did. Javier took me through everything on my car. Not just told me what he recommended I would recommend them to others and he has gained my business."  efficiency. I arrived at 4pm and was in my car by 425pm! Thanks for a great job  I took my Mini Cooper for an oil change here but you have to bring your own filter I enjoy this location. I've had bad experiences at other large chain shops. This place always takes care of me.  they gave me the rundown of a basic oil change and there inspections. That was nice. 10 min then I will set up AZ account and shale see how long it takes em to know it out." "SLOW SLOW SLOW. We waited almost 45 minutes for them to change the oil in two cars that were in progress before we ever arrived. Then it was another 30 minutes to change our oil. No ""jiffiness"" here. Always try to up sell you unnecessary services and products using fear tactics. We won't be back." I will be defintely be coming back to this location!  Great job. Got the speed and convenience I was looking for." fNEwA3uXDjCWq686qQbXuQ  I found two of the wheel lug nuts only hand tight.  One fell out in a parking lot and was luckily found.  Not impressed."  what else would they compromise on my vehicle.  I will drive a little further and pay a little more  and fast service. They made jokes and had fun with me. Definitely coming back." Hi everyone my name is Shayne Mcgurthy I'm the new Store Manager at this location and would like to invite anyone who has had a unpleasant experience  previously to come speak to me or my new Assistant Manager Chris so we can take care of you on your future vehicle needs. Thank you  Keith and one other gentlemen you can count on. I know nothing about cars but enough to know when something ain't right. I feel confident in bringing any vehicle I own to this Jiffy Lube due to the integrity of the staff and the superior customer service. I will return and you best believe let everyone I know how impressed I am."  took care of everything and followed my detail instructions. I am a car guy and want things a certain way."  I was in and out quickly.  They changed my oil and didn't try to sell me things I didn't need.  The manager was pleasant to deal with and very professional."  they tried pushing everything under the sun.... as usual.  I will not be coming back. $120 later."  failed to even check my car for 35 minutes to see what part was needed (when they said they would do it immediately) and didn't really apologize for either flub. It took 68 minutes to do what they told me was a 1-minute bulb change. Never again."  but this might be my new go to place for regular service." I trust Michael and Jason with my vehicles and so does the rest of my family. They are straight shooters who will give you advice for you to make the right decision. Highly reccomend them."  courteous and seemed genuinely concerned with my plight. They ran all sorts of tests and couldn't figure out what was wrong with my car (which started once they got it off the tow truck). However  rather than rushing you in & out the door.  I've witnessed how they treat their customers & they are respectful & patient.  They handle things in a professional and honest manner.  It's a place I strongly recommend and will continue to take my business there." I found a coupon and headed in. There was easy access from greenway and a clean parking lot. The guys at the front desk were friendly and didn't try to do a hard upsell. The tv in the waiting room was set to a very family friendly channel so I didn't have to be awkward with my young soon accompanying me. I would definitely come again. They got the job done in about 30 minutes and did a great job.  and they've always treated me right. Two weeks ago when I walked in and told Mike I'd made a last minute decision to drive my 1999 Jeep across the desert to San Diego later that day RUN from the place unless you don't care about your money. Which I'd been taking my car to the South Scottsdale location and was very pleased. So when I moved to North Phoenix last year I was happy to see a location close to my new residence. And even happier that Jason was now managing this location after he left the South Scottsdale location awhile back. It was like seeing an old friend again! I trust Jason and his crew and know that they will take good care of my car. I can rely on his honesty and assessment of the car's needs. I will always take my car here and highly recommend this place for service. Jason will treat you right! I walked in and asked for an oil change and filter. They fit me in and got me out quickly. They were also very friendly.  last week to schedule an oil change and realized today that I hadn't heard back from him. I called the store to make the appointment and spoke to Kevin who told me that Jason passed away recently. I am truly sad and send my condolences to the entire Advanced family :("  the manager looked over the car and told me my belts were the cause .  They realigned them and the sound was gone.   It is nice to experience an honest shop not always trying to upsell you on what you don't need.  Great job guys!!" Employees were very nice and ""informed"" me of some other things that could be replaced soon on my car but didn't proceed with a high pressure ""your car may explode"" sales pitch with the additional services."  the customer. They gave me the laundry list of all the things that need attention on my car- I already knew of some..Ron was great with his advice as to which problems needed immediate attention and which can wait a bit. I would definitely recommend to anyone- these guys are by far the best!"  and these guys kept at it -- got it fixed -- tying up one of their service bays for days. Sorry about that! Truly appreciate the dedication and will continue to bring in our other cars for service/oil. Thanks much."  so I honestly appreciate that and will now be coming back sometime in the future when I never thought I would."  and do great work! I will bring my vehicle here for routine maintenance as well as any issues that may come up with my car!" You cannot go wrong bringing your vehicle to Ron and Advanced Auto Repair." I didn't have to sit in the waiting room but I the waiting room looked awesome." Great service Every Time !!!!!"  just push it past this place. Trust me you'll thank me."  I brought it in without an appointment and they replaced it within the hour. Excellent friendly customer service." Once you sign the contract all signs of friendliness disppear and you are left to your own devices. The salesman i talked to admitted that his job is to ""sales-talk"" and that is what he is being paid to do which means he will stop at nothing and say all those sweet-sounding lies and half-truths til you get bamboozled into signing. After that everything goes downhill. A bunch of good-for-nothing scam artists!"  but this was my experience and I would not recommend Big Bell Kia due to the inappropriate nature of the owner and employees."  Big Bell Road Kia worked with us then making us happy and again this week they exceeded my expectations. We are looking forward to buying a Kia Soul with them in the future." Salesman Tony Sol and his dealership are apparently a team of bait-and-switch con artists. Steer clear."  in/out in less than 3 hrs even after test-driving 2 vehicles.  Went back 10 days later to talk to them about getting the same deal for my sister-in-law.  Did an even better deal in less than an hour.  They even drove the car to Tempe "Changed hands from Big Bell Road Kia to Earnhardt Kia from a Friday to a Monday with no warning. All new staff and no records from the previous owners. Had an appointment to take our new car in on the 23rd of August for some problems that Big Bell Road Kia had agreed to fix. Service had no record of our appointment "These guys are very friendly and trustworthy.  I've been going here since I was a teenage girl with my first car.  They don't talk down to me  and very nice. There is a sign behind his desk that says ""PLEASE SPEAK UP FRANK IS HARD OF HEARING."" Cracks me up."  I was looking for a shop I could regularly depend on to be upfront with me. I didn't find it at Hon-Amotive."  and solved a problem that two dealerships could not - excellent prices and service."  they use to have a location near me in Tempe but the manager Don runs the one on Cavecreek rd now.  I was told my pilot needed too much work and it was time to purchase another vehicle. I know they could of milked me for more repairs but instead they referred me to a small dealer off 27th ave and Camelback.  Thanks for the great referral Don qXpt0Pw694ulq3YxDulaJg Feel free to spark up a conversation with the owner Gene while you wait I will be back for future lube and oil work."  they don't try to sell you services or products you don't need.  Great service - I will be back."  the owner Gene is so nice and at the end of your service you feel like family.  They do more than just oil changes.. very reliable and no bull.  I used to go to the dealership Family owned honest and fair. Everybody at this place is AWESOME. I won't go anywhere else to get my car serviced. Great service we will be back as a matter of fact I am going home and get the car and coming back  then I asked if this shop would honor the Brake Masters $20 oil change coupon I had. They did. And they had me in and out in less than 25 mins. Great service. As long as I'm living in the north Phoenix area Easiest -- and fastest -- battery purchase ever. This is my go-to spot for oil changes and small repairs. They're honest and friendly. So happy to have found a trustworthy auto shop. It's worth the drive.  I won't get my oil changed anywhere else" "Read the great reviews on here and figured I would give it a shot. Well it was a great choice. This is a great shop  Love this place and have been going for over 10 years! Always honest and reliable. Great service!!  I have that.  I have several friends who take their cars to Smart and every once in a while we will honestly go on and on about how much we love taking our cars there.  It makes it a lot easier to pay for repairs when you know you're not getting ripped off." "I'm writing this review after not going to this place for a while.  But I thought about this place today because I just had a third mechanic today tell me that the catalytic converter was a total hack job.  It was an after market converter and not put on well at all.  And it wasn't really cheap where it makes sense that it was a horrible job.  I'd pass on this place  above and beyond regular expectations? Go SMART AUTOMOTIVE! You won't regret it. We certainly don't! THANK YOU ROB! You and your team are real examples and set the bar very high. I will recommend you guys first whenever the need arises and certainly return in the future for any needed repairs."  family owned business and supporting the underdog has always been a priority to me. I remember my first visit to Smart Auto almost ten years ago when I took my very first car in and learned that the transmission was shot. As any 17 year old slaving away making only $5.15 an hour would do I love this auto shop. The owners are friendly and honest. They have become like family. I definitely recommend this place. Got a second opinion from here. I'm so glad I came here instead. I'd trust this business over any other repair shop or dealership in town."  the quote to do the maintenance and a few repairs on my RX at Bell Lexus was $800 less than at Scottsdale Lexus and they could guarantee me an RX loaner (I needed the rear air and room for the stroller). Now I'm frugal so I would have driven all the way up there from Ahwatukee to save $100 but $800! That's crazy! Not only that  you are always greeted and walked into your service consultant.  I work with Debi at Bell Lexus and she not only gets everything processed and my car in for service quickly but also always has a loaner ready to go.  This time it was a 2010 RX which made the fiancee happy because she is looking at one as her next car possibly.  It gave us the perfect opportunity to drive it around for the morning and see if it was something that we truly liked. I think we are in trouble because we both definitely thought it was a great car for her.  Back to the service though. I had my car in at 8:30 am and I had a call by noon that my 15 Invoice date 6/23/10"""  the finance manager was right out of a movie.  A typically use car salesman attitude and persona.  He tried to take advantage of us both on our trade and lease.  I will never buy another vehicle from Bell Lexus.  Next time Scottsdale Lexus.  Buyer beware." Juan Mendez & Michelle Chavez" "Their service department ripped me off. I brought RX330 in for a blown engine fuse that should have been covered by the extended warranty. The service writer called me and told me that it was not and I had to pay for it. She then told me the fuse was INSIDE the engine. They charged me over THREE hours for this repair "I am so surprised that this only have 2.5 stars. I use their service for my car for the past three years. The service is simply great and kind and effective. It's not cheap but it is Lexus. If I call and leave a message they always call back. The service is always done on time. I always get followup calls from the service manager. Compared with other companies Would NEVER go anywhere else for service on my Lex  painless car buying transaction.  Richard was great.  We arrived at 4PM and left at 5:15PM.  Start to finish I am truly sorry the sales side couldn't complete a deal with us for a new Lexus because I will miss their service organization."  STAY AWAY FROM THIS DEALERSHIP." "Extraordinary Lexus dealer.  We bought our car right before they moved into their new location and they treated us with the same care and consideration at both spots.  We got a good deal on our vehicle and service has been a fabulous experience since moving to the new digs.  The facility is state of the art and the staff is second-to-none in the state!  They don't play games  all of a sudden additional repairs are suggested that would almost triple the original amount I was expecting to pay when I went in for the check up.   I'm taking this car to a reputable local mechanic and will be dollars ahead  Bell Lexus was not really competitive on price I have only owned a Lexus for a little over a year. I absolutely love my car and am so happy I chose Lexus. Richie Sanchez has been my Service Consultant for my Lexus service needs and I love his exceptional service. I feel extremely well taken care of and always feel respected.  Makes me feel confident in the service I receive. Thank you!! "Did not inform me of (optional) Data Dot activation fee of $268. Asked for a refund as I do not want this and they refused. I love Lexus and Toyota I would gladly recommend Bell Lexus to anyone. You guys are amazing and have won a customer for life!"  but had my first service at Bell Lexus North Scottsdale while living in Arizona. This is my first Lexus (after switching from BMW) and I was impressed with the process from start to finish. My service advisor was friendly and efficient. My service was completed within the quoted time frame. While I was waiting  steered me to a used lexus.  After I told him what I wanted (a new vehicle) he said I needed to pay an additional $750 to transport the car I wanted to Arizona.  The idiot behind the managers desk was no better "I've been getting my car maintained at Bell for the past year and every experience has been positive. I absolutely love coming to this service department for 3 reasons: 1) amazing waiting area with fully stocked cafe + attendant--super fancy and the girls at the cafe are always polite  and I was trading in a car that had a high retail value and little owed.  I promptly told Barry he was not someone I wanted to do business with  I wanted a 2016 model. Was told first that all that was available from Lexus was 2015. I was also told that they didn't have the color I was looking for which was white. After them scrambling around for 20 minutes they came back and said they have a gray one. After looking at the vehicle I pointed out that it is a 2016 model on the window sticker. My son after looking at the lot found a new white one that we brought to the dealers attention as to what stock they had available ?  After 45 minutes and asking for a price since they said they had a special sale going on and everything had been priced to sell Looking for a new LS.....I wont shop here!!!!"  and Hillary will really listen to my needs and wants. Also the food and treats they provide are very appreciated by road weary warriors. I know I'll never talk about my Honda ever again. Thank you everyone at Bell Lexus." See David Bonnell...He has been my service advisor for years. Always honest and he goes above and beyond to make sure his customers are happy.  In fact Buyer beware and look at every number they put in front of you.    Or better yet After going to the other Scottsdale dealership I was pleasantly surprised to arrive here! Deiter is one of the best service guys I have  be met. Genuine and honest. Then I had the pleasure of meeting Neal in sales! Don't go to anyone else if shopping for Lexus in the valley! Worth the drive! "I brought my Lexus IS-F in for service after is began making a loud knocking noise. The technicians did their best to diagnose the noise and came up with some possible service options. Ultimately  and had my car back to me within a day. Very professional and respectful. I found my new dealership for service!" POOr customer service and LOTS of attitude.  Stay AWAY! Not very responsive. Yesterday went to purchase a vehichle and for price negotiation the manger never came and was sending the sales guy who was with me for test ride. And in 5 mins it was kind of a take it or leave it treatment. There were no effort from the sale's guys manager to meet us except greeting at door to introduce us to salesperson for test ride. No effort was being made to check how was the experience wat can they do to make a deal. This Lexus is just out for your money apparently David from the service department is amazing!  He is such an asset to this dealership and I hope the owner knows that.  you meet with a technology specialist who teaches you about all the features of the new car. We met with Martin Bustamante. Martin helped us learn about all the features of the new car with complete patience and kindness. He was such a funny and nice guy and we really enjoyed the whole experience. Thank you guys!" I have purchased 2 vehicles from Bell Lexus of North Scottsdale dating back to when the dealership was on Bell Road. Neil Washburn has and will always be my sales person. I have been in sales over 40 years and I know a professional when I see one. My interaction with the  staff from Dave Vore (sales manager) to Neil to Karen Winsborough (finance) to David Bonnell (service) has been a pleasurable experience.  friendly & professional!  Shannon & Doug are the best Service Advisers!"  making the whole experience great!  I felt like I was back in small-town Indiana!  Thank you!!!!  I am so excited!  I hope you are inspired by my review.  Happy car shopping!  Jen Case"  but only gave me lower-quality semi-metallic brakes. After I went to another mechanic to discover the problem "I had to run here on lunch to get my oil changed and 2 tires replaced before i left on a trip the next day to Flagstaff and i couldnt be happier.  The people i spoke with over the phone were very accomodating gave me a great price and most importantly got me in and out on time to work.  I really must say i will go back here again when i get my brakes done  and they didn't have the wheel for it so they told me to go ahead and buy it (I bought it online) and they would install it for me.  What I didn't realize until I took it there for the installation was that they were going to do it free of charge.  I think these guys are great.  I will continue to go to them in the future!" Don't fall for the old quarter super glued to the floor trick!  They got me and had a good laugh.  Good service though.  I'd recommend.  it takes 2 months. Finally they get it and I drop the car off at 11am on a Wednesday. They do not finish with my car until 3:30pm. I'm pretty sure it doesn't take four and a half hours to change a tire. Will never do business with them again and will warn everyone I know about them."  ""Are you sure? We are about to pull your car in now."" The break pads woman left after 3.5 hours. At 11:15 am the clerk comes to tell me that they did not have the correct oil filter for my car so they have ordered one but he doesn't feel comfortable letting me leave with the current one installed and asks if I can wait another 15 minutes. I reply by stating that I don't feel that I have a choice. At 12:54 he comes to tell me my car is ready. (What happened to 15 minutes?) He offers me six free oil change coupons for the inconvenience and states that ""it doesn't normally take this long."" Yet everyone else in the waiting room had been waiting nearly as long for their minor services as well. Four hours for an oil change? No offer to take me home Next time I went to get an oil change I was told to make an appointment.  So I called and was told call back another day because they didn't know when they could do it and they don't make appointments.  I asked for a manger Got here at 645 to be first for an oil change took 40 min to get car on rack. 15 minutes in the air to get the oil drained. Watched 3 employees talk about nothing before that even started. No one in lobby to great you and the customer waiting area has garbage in it from Thursday when I dropped in to try and get the oil changed then 12Hx_yFzAIdNSHU5tzbbQQ  it's insulting) these people are CROOKS. I used to live near one of these places and took my car in for an oil change and to have a squeaky belt replaced. I was told my car needed over $600 of service (too long a list to type here) and that ""All my belts"" needed changing. I said  what we could wait on and what we could do ourselves. They also completed all the work in 2 days. He also found some specials for us and saved us about $100." When I went in same arrogant guy behind the counter never apologized and said ""when"" I bring it back in he'll waive the $90 diagnostic fee. Give me a break Do not buy tires from Fletcher.  They do not warrant the tires they sell.  I bought a set of tires with a hazard warranty and the tires began to split.  The tires were manufactured by Firestone.  I researched Firestone tires and they have had major lawsuits and Ford actually dropped them as a supplier just last year.  Firestone had been with Ford for 94 years.  Fletcher would not cover my tires which I purchased less than 2 1/2 years ago because of the splitting of the tire.  I will NEVER buy another tire from Fletcher and neither should you. DO NOT buy tires here.  They do not stand by their product.   Go to Big O or Discount Tire.  I know they warrant their tires."  why I should leave my car or why it's not good to come on Saturday. I kept saying to him ""I need an oil change"" like regardless of what ur saying I still need an oil change. When I was in Ahwatukee I purchased this ""Family Plan"" that gives you so many free oil changes and discounts etc.  That was great when I lived in Ahwatukee because the Fletcher's out there was AWESOME. However here. I hate it. If I it wasn't for the ""Family Plan"" I wouldn't ever come here for service. Ever. As soon as this runs out I will never return. Horrible horrible place and horrible staff." "I am very happy in particular with Steve @ Fletchers In Cave Creek on Carefree Hwy. I bought some new tires and they are like driving on silk and oh so quiet.  When it came time to leave "I m so frustrated. Should've checked reviews. Been here since 10a (it's now 4) for a rear brake job- rotors and new brakes-- and an oil change. If this isn't 100% perfect when I leave here and everything doesn't feel right "I have only had positive experiences here. I'm grateful for the Groupons.. I could afford to get both front & rear brakes done and they'll always fit me in anytime to check my tire pressure 2prJHFb5KaEqCM-mUiNJ2Q  I walked to the bakery and had a snack and hung out for a bit and it was done in a decent time."  waste of time.  I'd rather pay more and go somewhere else.  Worst service ever." "Darren helped me out big time today. I used the groupon for an already ridiculously reduced price for an oil change and accessory service and he continued to drop a couple prices on some of the accessory services to help me out. He even showed me some other issues with my truck and explained to me (without making me feel stupid) what the problems were I don't know why I return. Every time I come in for an ' appointment' it takes hours to get a simple oil change. I have a baby and I'm pretty sure they know it because she gets crazy waiting for so long.  Such poor organization and scheduling and never a sense of urgency or care for the customers needs. I've been coming here for over 2 years and never been disappointed. Just had major brake work done and Darren was there to help me out every step of the way. Darren was great to work with and was very professional. I recommend Fletchers! So Sam tells me that they left wires switched. Too bad they didn't also tell me they switched coils. One week later and finding a diagram showing the correct way I get it running myself. Too bad they prefer to have an unhappy customer. Oh and I was told that I didn't hear home correctly. Wow. The customer is wrong here apparently. Zero stars.  #failureincustomerservice "Took my car there for an oil change on Saturday and had to take it back in today because they didn't put the freaking gasket back on right and my car is leaking oil.  They took care of it HORRIBLE SERVICE. Don't care about customer one bit. Just spent 2 hours on appointment that was supposed to be 45 min. Left vehicle mats dirty and grease on doors. Don't go. Would give zero stars.  2016 at 8 am to 9:20 am. The shop wanted to rip me off by further $1629 which i respectively declined. My car dashboard still showed maintenance required ameber light which i need to get it turned off again(wait time of around 15 minutes). They are very slow and good in terms of taking you on ride. Don't trust this groupon coupons at all. On top of the groupon - i end up paying $11.25 from my pocket for non existing shop supplies Nothing like dropping your car off at 2PM for brakes and tires and picking it up at 5PM! ......the next day. I originally took my vehicle to fletchers on 35th ave and union hills.  They would not release my vehicle they had done so many extra things to my vehicle without my consent that I could not pay for.  So I actually had a mechanic look at my vehicle and they said that all i needed was alignment.  This was a friend of mine.  So I took it to fletchers for the alignment.  They told me it would take a few hours so no problem.  Then they called me and said all this stuff was wrong with my vehicle and that they are not going to do the alignment that I already paid for unless i do all this other stuff.  KEep in mind my mechanic friend said that the only thing I needed was the alignment.  I called to talk to a manager.  He cussed at me and hung up on me.  I also found a few reviews that state they have done the exact same thing to them.   THis is absolutely horrible.  DO not go to these locations. Especially Bell road.  they said nothing about the progress of my car. I called the next morning at 10 am to verify that I should come pick my car up around noon when the mechanic said he hasn't done anything on my car and there's no way it would have been done by noon. He said he can try to get it done by 5:30 pm. I decided I would just take it elsewhere. They called me back around 10:20 and confirmed I didn't want the work done but I'd have to pay a ""docking fee"" for the mechanic putting my car up to work on it. I told them there's no way I was paying. I told them I didn't want them to work on it and then they started?! When I went to pick up my car at 11  and a gasket cover (??). He said the other guy was lying about half the work he said needed to be done. Fletcher's on 12th and Bell wanted to charge me $600 for the work but the other mechanic got me in and out for $200."  I have a vibration in my front end that was not there previously.  I am afraid to go back though.  I'm worried they may do more damage." This business is recommended by Discount Tire locations.  Good pricing and fast service.  They did such a good job on my alignment I was wondering if I had the right vehicle.  they recommended that we go to Network Alignment & Brakes as they are the best in the valley. Very glad we did. When they took a look at it they told me it didn't need an an alignment and I was good to go... no charge. Honest  when they said for the price they said... and no surprises. I've been jacked around plenty at repair shops and so am always worried when I take my car somewhere new If you need alignment done on your car These people are a total credit to their industry!"  and apparently the bolts that came with it were junk. The tech replaced the missing bolts and tightened everything. I was only charged for the alignment that I needed after the repair even though I asked about not being charged for the repair. That is real customer service. They will get all of my future alignment needs." Scott just helped get my old 2002 Volvo back on the road and running straight again. They were very honest and the price was very fair. If you wounder about needing an alignment or other service these guys are top notch. "Took my Jeep in for the post-lift alignment. Turned out the alignment was spot on (props to Cutting Edge 4x4 who installed it) and they didn't charge me. I overheard the tech talking to another customer explaining  and was no charge for the service.  He showed me the print out and the wheels were aligned.  This is one shop that do follow their slogan ""affordable - honest - friendly""!  They also have coupons to print on their website."  earns 3 stars as the friendly staff adds an extra star to 2-star food.)" These guys are great. I get all of my vehicles aligned here and its always done quickly and properly. "My daughter took my car today because I thought I was needing brakes. I figured it would cost at least $300. They did an inspection and guess what? There was NO CHARGE. They said my brakes were fine and I did not need to replace or repair them They did tighten something up but still no charge. With this kind of honesty I will be back for all of my work  and I was greeted right away.  The whole process took less than 20 minutes.  What an awesome job they did." He was professional and ethical" I found this place on Yelp and decided to try it from all of the positive reviews.  I took my car in after being told by another mechanic that I had hundreds of dollars of work required to fix my steering.  They went through the entire front end of the car and it only ended up needing an alignment.  I walked out of there paying $50 and all was working perfectly.  I am very impressed and will tell all of my friends about this place.  I have no hesitation in taking my cars there for any issues I may run into.  They are honest which means a lot to mean since I do not understand cars.  and they are honest about telling me. They have my loyalty and spreading the word." These guys are quick and responsible. They do great work at a reasonable rate and have pride in what they do. I had my front end alignment done and was very happy with the service.  You can't go wrong with this outfit!!! I wish them well and highly recommend!" Perfect alignment - first time.  Dealer tried twice before them and couldn't get my Toyota Sequoia alignment right.  I'll be bringing all my cars here from now on. These guys are amazing. The dealership tried telling me I desperately needed an alignment and wanted a ridiculous amount of money.  Brought it to these guys based on reviews I read online.  They put it up checked it out and found out my alignment was perfect. I would highly recommend this place. "I was extremely pleased with the care and service that I received at Network Alignment & Brakes recently.  My 1 ton Dodge dually was making metal on metal noise when I took it to their shop.  The truck sounded like it was in need of major repair.  The guys at Network inspected my truck and determined that it just needed a grease job.  These guys had a golden opportunity to tell me some doomsday story to make a quick buck and do unneeded repair/s but they didn't.  When I drove away I didn't think I was still in the same truck Having a hubby that knows cars I am not usually tricked when I go to get work done on it even though they try so hard. The guys at Network Alignment were not like this. Really honest people. Assessed my current alignment and told me it's not horrible but not factory specs. I knew it was causing my tires to wear faster so I went ahead with the alignment. I will faithfully take my car here because of their honesty and fair prices. My company has been using these guys for years and they are the best at what they do. Very honest and have the right equipment. Rare to find another shop to recommend but this is one of them. This place is just awesome! They give free front end inspections. If there's nothing wrong they tell you that and send you on your way if there is something wrong they tell you what's wrong what parts need to be replaced and that's it They are honest and they know what they're doing.you will not find a better alignment and brake shop in town!  which is weird because if you do Alignments you should know how much work involves VsgKeTyebDemed6V2N28GQ  once when I installed a leveling kit for my truck and once when I installed upper control arms.  The first time I went was after I had spent almost two hundred dollars at the dealership for an alignment and waited for four hours.  The dealership got it no where close to where Scott got it.  When I took it in he told me I was going to need new upper control arms with more adjustment to properly align my truck which the dealership never told me.  I would have listened to him if I hadn't waisted my money at the dealership.  When I did finally get my new uppers I took it back to Scott and my truck tracks straight as an arrow.  Scott and his crew had me out in less than half the time as the dealership and at less than half the cost.  I won't trust anyone else with my alignment." 200 but then I took my car to Network and they said they'd fix it for free." "Was recommenced by discount tires to have front end alignment by network alignment & brakes. Called up for and appointment and they said come by around 2.30pm or 3pm. Well that was a joke. Had to wait at least 2 hours before they finally pulled my vehicle into there shop. I explained to jeff and lonnie that my vehicle just started pulling to the right and all I needed was front end alignment or have my tires checked out. After 2 minutes of looking at my vehicle Jeff and Lonnie told me that all my ball joints and tie rod ends are no good. I new that was impossible. Reasons are I used to build  race cars and I personal check out my front end. The only problem was that the Left front tire was No good and that was the cause of the pull to the right. The left tire had a bubble in it and the high end of the bubble caused the drift to the right. Lonnie the manager and Jeff where not being truthful. CUSTOMERS BEWARE  I really appreciated his honesty and not rushing in to sell me something I didn't need right away. I will definitely take my car back there when I'm ready for new brakes. Quote was $33 less than dealer quote." PS: I hope opportunistic creeps don't read this and go in demanding a bunch of free work. The shop must have good BS detectors "Amazing experience! Thank you Ricky & Terry at Network Alignment Bottom line I would not recommend this shop to anyone. There's alot more to running a successful business than just being nice. The communication was poor  only to be told ""no charge"" when the alignment is still OK. They will stay in business a long time with their attitude to customers.  Try them. You'll like them." VsgKeTyebDemed6V2N28GQ Job well done guys!!!" I would definitely recommend these folks if you need alignment work..."  were extremely honest about what needed to be done. I paid half the cost of what I have paid in the past to replace my brakes. You won't be disappointed! Super honest and reliable staff!" Cleaner than any other QT I have ever been to. Very well stocked. Pleasant experience each time. "I have been to this Quick Trip several times over the past 8 years. It's easy to get in and out of and normally there is always a few spots open to pump my gas. It's also conveniently located. I can stop here on my way to work and still be on time. I don't usually go inside This QT is just a short distance from the 51 Freeway and is a great spot to grab some gas if needed and all your snacks and drink needs.  Very busy location so be careful driving in and out. I always prefer to stop at QT's. It's just a lot more comfortable. They all look the same and are always well maintained. Bathrooms are very clean. Floorplans are very similar. My preferred place to stop for gas or random snacks during the day. The male bathroom was very dirty. There were crap stains on the back toilet and urine on the floor and foot prints in it. They are not keeping the bathrooms cleans at this QT My secret favorite item is the bbq pork sandwich you have to micro wave. Add relish and done chipotle sauce and it's better than a Mc Rib! I happen to crave the sand which at times and it's available 24-7 here." FYI- Free air for your tires just in case you need it." The staff is friendly and efficient. I've practically never waited in line. Happy snacking and safe travels "this quick trip is a good environment to be in because the staff is friendly. I come here Monday-Friday every week because I work in transportation and have a small bathroom break here. the downside to this place is the bathroom. the women's bathroom is hardly ever cleaned. I go in at 8 am every morning and not once have I seen a clean toilet. there are only two toilets and the staff can't keep them clean for some reason. I find myself wiping down the seat and using one of those paper things you sit on because they are downright dirty. I feel like nobody should have to clean the toilets themselves. it should be clean already for their customers. it just irritates me because it isn't my job  this is where you should take your car for routine maintenance and repair There are a lot of auto shops out there and it's hard to pick one that you think will be honest and fair. I will undoubtedly go here any time my Volvo needs work."  and some take pride in their work and earning the trust of their customers.  Others just want a quick buck at your expense.  Buyer beware!"  when I decided to take my saab to swedish auto werks. Steve and Willie made me feel so much more confident about my car and what needed to be fixed. He showed me where the previous mechanic may have messed up my car I owned a Saab for a short period until I was in an accident. The first time  visited the shop I spoke with Dave and he installed the Progressive Snapshot device because I couldn't figure it out. The second time I ended up having my car towed there because I locked myself out using the key to lock the car instead of the key fob and I turned it the wrong way or something. The third time I dealt with Dave was when I was in an accident and he sent a tow driver to pick up my car and didn't charge me the $100 from the SW side of Phoenix becuase he said I could tack it on to the bill for the insurance company. The other woman's insurance company decided to fight me on the charges because they found her not at fault even though it was her fault. My car sat in Swedish Auto Werk's parking lot for like 6 months and they didn't charge me a storage fee! Dave is awesome and I will continue going to him even though I now own a Japanese car. "Definitely my go to for all the maintenance needs of my cars.  Recently had a timing belt replaced in our van. Was a smooth process  thoughtfully considered our budget in repair needs.  Steve is solid."  I strongly disagree as well as there is not a new owner.  He's been there for years and his business is booming.  So there must be a reason why - it must be their great service." HDIrBC_qURu-Hxt0WSF2aA "I really respect Swedish Auto Werks for not trying to upsell every aspect of their service. I think their prices are fair and reasonable. The car is finished when they say it will be and for the quoted price.  Steve is always friendly and up beat The free rental car made life extremely easy while fixing my car. They are the real deal!" "First time in. Went to Swedish Auto Werks for an unknown problem with my 2008 SAAB. They ran the code and informed me of what it was. Steve was incredibly helpful in explaining what needed to happen and set me up an appointment for my next available time. Although it was a costly fix  so I'm very hesitant on taking my 2008 9-3 anywhere else....but I was forced to find a location here after moving to Phoenix. Steve was awesome! He worked with my schedule and got me in an out with the repairs I needed very quickly. The waiting room was also very spacious and accommodating so I was able to finish all of my work while I waited! Thank you!"  or if they do this to everyone. Caveat emptor. If they give you an estimate that seems dear "I am still very happy with Swedish Auto Werks. Steve and his crew continue to provide great service at reasonable prices with repairs being finished on time for the quoted price. My car at 132 No one bothered helping us : ( OMG! Avoid this place at all cost! Been here over and over an have had nothing but great service.   Helped me with my helmet and Scala with no hassle at all.  the prices are competitive and the staff has been friendly and helpful. What more could you ask?" Horrible customer service.. I pulled into the parking lot at 7:55 when they close at 8pm. The man inside ran over and locked the door right in front of me when all I needed was an oil filter for my bike and would have taken 5 mins or less. I know they lost at least one customer as ill be going back to north valley Honda and I hope many more do as well after reading this review.  tee shirt at the helmet store on 35th ave. I can walk to cycle gear from my house and drove out of my way and spent good $$$ at a place way more deserving than cycle gear. I'm not sure because I'm a female or because I didn't come in on my bike. Either way it's inexcusable."  decided that he could warranty them and found a replacement set of boots in my size. All within about 20 minutes.   Since I started riding motorcycles "I've read the reviews and agree with some.  I went to the phoenix location on Cave creek road.  Drove there from 90 miles away on a Sunday when they were scheduled to open at 10.  The worker was waiting outside due to the manager needing to come in and open and being about 1 hour away.  Needless to say I was pretty miffed.  When the store did open around 11 ish Jenn went the extra mile and a true asset to this company with added humor along the way. Thank you and I will continue to use Cycle Gear for my future purchases." I took my son to the store to buy his first helmet. Like me he has a hard to fit head. We did measurement of his head before so at least we had a place to start. My 11 year old son was finicky and tried on many helmets before finding the one he wanted. The staff that helped me was patient and answered all my questions as I needed. He was not pushy but followed our lead and was there whenever we needed him. They were pleasant to deal with. We will defiantly go back. This is the second helmet we've  bought from this store.  takes forever. Am I really going to shove something into a backpack that's fastened to my back? No other stores have ever asked me to remove my backpack ever I knew for under $200 I wasn't getting the greatest modular Bluetooth helmet It will be interesting to see what happens to this store now that they have a new owner who also owns Revzilla."  but it's WORTH more than he charges!" I AM CONFIDENT AND COMPLETELY SATISFIED WITH THIS COMPANY AND WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE IN NEED OF AUTO MAINTENANCE OR REPAIR!"  can we just mention that he is one of the nicest/friendliest people around? Do yourself a huge favor and check him out!" "Best shop in the valley. Family owned business and have been going to them for nearly 20 years.  Have taken both my Honda and BMW for servicing.  Mark always goes above and beyond "This place is a ripoff. I had a storage unit for 2 years here. When I deceided to give it up they would not prorate my fees when I was told by the staff and manager that they prorate fees. They had no concern for my situation I have moved in and out of this location several times for my customer's and they have always been happy with their experience.  My crew has been in contact with the management and they have always been helpful and professional.   I would not hesitate to recommend them or use their facilities for my own storage of household goods.  If you need a place to store your stuff this is the place in the north valley. "I just rented an air conditioned 10 x 15 unit after researching my neighborhood for a few months. It is in a newly renovated building.  I found the service to be exceptional and the unit to be inviting  it's all very clear and easy to understand. Uncle Bob's storage is a nice place (so far) I had a unit for fours years. The staff is great. They went through a renovation and moved me to a different unit using professional movers. I never had any problems with the facility or the representatives. It is a clean well run storage facility. I would definately use them again and would not hesitate to recommend to any of my friends. thank you Doug and staff at Uncle Bobs."  the units and property were always clean and neat and the price was great. The use of their truck to move our stuff saved us a ton of money by not renting from UHaul. We would definitely recommend Uncle Bobs to anyone looking for a storage unit. My only one complaint (and it is very minor) is I wish they would allow access a little later than 9pm. There were a couple of times where I was stuck working late and then needed to grab something out of my unit and could not because I got there too late. But that is just a minor thing Was looking for a unit cause I will be moving soon and I need to store some stuff I have. I came to Uncle Bobs and I am glad I did. The girl that helped me with the prices and sizes of the units was very helpful and friendly. The property looked very clean and professional which makes me feel that my stuff will be safe there. When I first came in There was a guy too and he greeted me with a smile and made me feel very welcome. I am looking at my options at the moment but I have a positive feeling I will be renting my unit here. Thank you Uncle Bobs for your awesome customer service!!! "I walked into uncle bobs expecting it to be one of ""those storage places"" I was pleasantly surprised to see everything spotless. The staff especially Miss Janeen (I think  that was her name) were extremely knowledgeable about the prices. I WAS looking for a large unit and I think I found the perfect place. One extra thing I love the hours of operation it makes me feel safe with my things inside! Thanks uncle bobs and Janeen for your wonderful costumer service." Prices are fair. Recent alignment $100. Oil change $40. Couple hundred dollars to deal with a whacked out cooling system in an SUV that had sat without running for more than 2 years. Most of the time I look at the bill and I'm shocked in a good way - prices are much less than I imagine they will be. Recently we dropped off G's car for brakes and Quinn called an hour later telling me the car didn't need brakes for another 15 Go to these guys for all your auto repair/maintenance needs. They've made me a loyal customer." "This place has done everything right for me. I just moved from out of state and heard a grinding from my brakes. I got a recommendation from a Napa auto parts store and WOW. I will be a loyal customer for life. Price was fair too. Thanks guys you are awesome. I do  entertainment professionally cRfh3GQoNg8mIxB3desv1w Thank you very much for being a real and true auto shop.. its so rare to be able to walk into an office of a shop you have never been to an ask the secretary if she could have a technician come look at a truck I was purchasing and the Guy come out tell me what it is or could be.. I will definitely come you for any repairs and send in anyone that I hear needs work... amazing job to you all "I needed to have a water pump replaced in a 98 Blazer. Called the day before and they said bring it in in the AM. They replaced the pump "I've been taking my vehicles to Armstrong Automotives for a few years now and couldn't be happier. Recently my daughters AC stopped working and with triple digit heat it was an urgent repair that Quinn had taken care of the same day. I had been told by a friend of a friend it was the compressor but it turns out it was a wiring issue and Armstrong Automotive was able to effectively repair the problem at a much cheaper price. These guys are honest  kind of like they forgot to put the air filter back in my car.  I was driving on back roads in the desert for that 600 mile round trip.  My engine could have been seriously jacked if something harmful got into it without an air cleaner.  There could still be ramifications of their neglegence in the future.  Please do not take your vehicle to them.  Mistakes are part of being human.  Forgetting to put an air cleaner back into someone's car that you were not asked to inspect or remove?  That's ridiculous gross negligence no matter how you slice it.  Go to a small establishment you trust.  Don't risk your vehicular investment." I was going to give them only 4 stars with a mention that I would give them 4.5 is possible but after writing this I think I'm going with the 5 since they are closer to a 4.75.  Seriously  will work within your budget to get the work your car needs at competitive labor rates. He is such a sweetheart! Say hello to techs Justin and chad who are very kind and helpful." this place is hit or miss. i have scheduled oil changes days in advance and still would wait up to 2 hours for what should be a 30 minute deal. the techs for tires and oil are good but the front desk managers are over worked seemingly and look tired. if you are in a hurry or have a schedule to keep i would look elsewhere. if you can make a day of it they do decent work. "I have taken all my cars to Firestone and have always been pleased with the service and the price.  Their prices are always reasonable.  I have only taken in German cars and that doesn't seem to ever be a problem.  Even my 1988 Mercedes Always fair and honest service. Quick service times and nice guys. We have used them for years on multiple vehicles. I wish everyone the best of luck. please get a second opinion on recommendations. This review is only for Cave Creek Firestone...... "I have passed by this location for years however I had never stopped to have an actual service done until today. I have gotten plenty of air checks done here but that was about it.  I do still go to the one in North Scottsdale but they will now have serious some competition since they are kinda close to me house (N.Scottsdale is close to work). I must say that every time I have stopped ( yes I know I have only one check-in but I was never here for longer than 5 mins. I mean why check in for an air check?) it has always been after right a mad rush which is AWESOME for me because that means in and out quick. Even the oil changed I received on a Sunday no less Pat Ruiloba rocks!  My tire had a nail in it on a Sunday and not a lot of places were open.  Pep Boys wanted 125 + for a basic tire.  Firestone.....not!  Quick and kind folks here.  Love!  I'll come back.  in a timely manner. I know I will only wait what they quote me. I highly recommend them. I know you will see what I see. Then you will be hooked here for all your car needs." "The manager at this Firestone location took me in as a customer and fixed a job that was lacking by the Firestone in Gilbert. I had paid for three belts to be replaced at the Gilbert location "Kudos to manager Tim (and his technician Chris) who did a great job servicing my car on short notice early Monday morning when my car was making a loud noise because my power steering fluid  was low.  I want to commend Firestone for having friendly  it is the only place I'll go! They don't lie or cheat you like a lot of places. They pride themselves on honesty and integrity. You get more business by being truthful than lying. After going to jiffy lube and them messing up my car I WILL never go anywhere but FIRESTONE!!!" They have a great deal on alignments going on which is the one thing I can't find a good mechanic for due to equipment evidently. Dealerships will charge you one time for the price of Firestone's lifetime fee on alignments. Once again  and one of the employees quickly changed it for me with no problem. I would definitely come back here for other work needed on my car." qWYdBWci87q7JRZenrGzYg "Took my truck in there today to get a flat-repair. Service was great. They fixed the tire with no attempts to upsell. Very polite. If you are in the north valley and need a reliable shop to go to  great prices and in and out in no time. What a great store and now I know why it has great ratingszz" 000.  I noticed my tire pressure light didn't go off after the install so I took it the following weekend to this Firestone store (originally installed by the location by metro center on Peoria).  I was told that three tire pressure gages were broken and needed to be replaced (including the spare tire!).  I explained that they must have gotten broken during the install by the other firestone.  They told me they wouldn't charge me if that was the case.  Imagine my shock and surprise when I was charged for two of them with the explanation that they only broke one of them!  I used to take all 3 vehicles to these guys.  Never again!!!!"  which I always pay 17 to 25 $ for normally but when you give them the coupon I still ended up paying 29$ so your telling me normal oil changes are 49$ hmm. No. Not unless you clean my car spottless and wash it. No where not anywhere do they charge 49 effin dollars. To top it off they are desperately trying to sell me and tell me I need new tires  honest and great work! I will never go anywhere else and highly recommend these guys!!"  wow! The reason why? The manager Mark Kowalski says ""hey I have a daughter the same age and I know how much it means to you to keep her safe."" This alone is enough for me to keep coming back for great customer service and personal care from people of integrity and honesty. Thank you to all of you!"  good work and customer service. Thank you for what you do here at this Firestone. :-)"  but Mark at this location went above and beyond to create an excellent customer experience! He made me feel like he was welcoming me the neighborhood like a new friend and even squeezed me car in last minute!" "I have been going to this location since I moved to Phoenix and picked them because they were close to my house. I have an old Toyota that is 14 years old and still running great so I truly come here for maintenance when I needed tires a few years ago. I think this speaks to the quality of their service. I like that you can walk in for simple things - like an oil change and they work to get it done in a timely manner while you are waiting. They have caught a few things I didn't even know about like my cabin filter. Also "I appreciated their awesome customer service and thorough work. It's nice to go to an auto care shop and not trying to be talked into all the extra things they want to charge you for. They did a simple oil change and I am sure would be honest if there was other work needed to be done. They got me in for an appointment at a convenient time "I have been taking my now 14 year old car to this Firestone for a couple of years and every time it's been a great experience. They are always trustworthy and more than fair. There could easily be multiple things wrong with my car at any given time because of it's age and mileage "I have been taking my vehicles to Moon Valley Motor Care for the past decade! They have worked on my Volkswagen Jetta Traveling across the country from the east coast and needed to get my car checked. i was referred to Moon Valley Motor Care by a friend who I was staying with. They were super nice and super clear with all the problems with the car. They even offered to drive me back to the place I was staying  and pick me up when the car was ready! There were a lot of issues and cost (and the mechanics were able to explain and show me directly the whats and the whys) but Dawn was nice enough to check the tire pressure sensors for free as one thing less to stress about. If I am ever in the area again and have car issues I would definitely go here again. Thank you Dawn for your help! Dawn and the crew did a great job on my Fianc's vehicle when we needed a new water pump. They were quick and thorough and did it all for the price quoted. We'll be returning for any repairs or maintenance we need in the future! I would highly recommend Moon Valley and when I return to Phoenix I will definitely have them do any needed repairs." I was glad they were able to help prevent something bad from happening in the future  my outcome has not been so nice to put it presentationally. We are still in dispute from the services received from August of 2014 to what I feel was un-authorized and to what Dawn DiMarco felt was authorized work. Although she has offered for a $100.00 off for the future installation of an alternator it is hard for my husband and I to return to MVMC. We hope the owner will see things from our perspective as a business owner that has dealt with customer satisfaction for over twenty years."  even if he had to stay late. Top shelf all the way. They offered to drive me to my house and call me when it was done. Their service is next to none and they are very fair on their prices. They could have very easily stuck it to me  "Dawn was extremely friendly and explained everything that needed to be completed on my truck prior - and offered options on the work - what was needed asap and what could wait.  Family business with great professionalism "The staff was really nice I called when I was on the road and they told me to come right in for an oil change. My husband was at work so therefore I couldn't go anywhere  but stay in the shop while the work was being done. The shop really doesn't have a ""waiting area"" and kind of left me in an awkward position walking around with my one year old. There were two women in the office I chatted with one of them because she was expecting she was very nice "I've found my trusted auto mechanic! Dawn and her team are amazing- professional The level of disrespect and ""take it or leave it"" attitude that my wife received is causing us to sever our relationship with this repair shop."  and the place is always clean and shiny despite all the traffic it gets. I pick up sandwiches on my way to work sometimes that make my coworkers jealous! Great place and great peeps! Thumbs up!"  but I would swear they are hiring Harvard Grads as the counter help.  Always very very professional and courteous.  This store is immaculate and the product selection is very nice.  Their gas prices are usually the lowest in the neighborhood and are only occasionally edged out by Costco." tFyQbNbBQEyEc9oCr1pJUg  but QuikTrip always proves itself to be a good stop off in the realm of fill ups."  especially beer! This one has the cheapest fuel on my way to work for me. They are always super friendly staff for 4am when I stop in haha" "I wanted to write a quick review about my experience each morning on my way to work when I stop in. Joey is probably the hardest working guy I have ever seen. He is extremely friendly and outgoing and he even remembers my name each time I come in. He asks me about my day and about my son and even has shared a bit with me about his little girls and his lovely wife. I am only in the store for about 5 minutes each time  and we've known many people that have been satisfied customers for a long time. Switching all of our direct deposits and auto-debits was actually easier than I thought. We just had to peruse our bank records to see the recurring transactions and make a few quick calls to those companies. Desert Schools has also made some technological strides even in the few years that we've been banking with them. They have a great mobile app and their ATMs accept the envelope-free cash and check deposits. If you need to go inside and talk to someone they are relatively quick  the WRONG number on purpose after we exchanged words.... That's got to be illegal and she needs to be fired. Then she even has the nerve to freeze my account while I'm out of town and can't go into a branch when they're clearly in the wrong.. Grow up and get better employees. I'm making sure everyone knows how I feel about this credit union. I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future."  and it makes it seem like they are more about inconveniencing members than actually preventing fraud. I discovered this on a trip to Michigan a few years ago. I went to check in at my hotel and my card came back declined. I had plenty of money in my account so I knew it had to be a bank problem. So when I got through after a rather lengthy wait on hold "Lately the ATM hasn't been working. I have to go inside and wait in order to withdraw money. The teller told me the ATM is  old and something inside is worn out. She also said they don't plan to replace it. What kind of business would not maintain and/or replace worn-out equipment. It may sound like a small issue but it's frustrating that they just let the problem go on and on.. It says something very negative about the organization. I hate to switch but I probably will  they made sure to tell us that the skid plate was missing a couple bolts that must not have been put back on wherever we previously had work done. We purchased the necessary bolts at a Toyota dealer and the next time we were in "These guys are sharp and very informative.  Not your typical ""Iffy-Lube"" lackies and degenerates.  These are first class automotive technicians.  The shop is clean and well maintained too.  It faces west so if you are going to wait the mornings are cooler."  but it would have to be ordered in which would take a couple of days. No problem for me and saved me a couple of hundred dollars.  He later called me to let me know when it was in. I then met Tyler when I came in to have it replaced and get my oil changed. He was just as organized "Quick service. Good price "Great place to go for an oil change or other services. Friendly staff that even ordered in a part the car needed and had it there in ten minutes. Inside there is tv  which most places do. I will definitely be returning!!" I'll be back to this location." Fast and pleasant. I've been driving by for a while and finally decided to give them a shot. It was a good experience and this will be my oil change place from now on.  so convenient. Everyone is always at the top of their customer service game. Seriously- amazing service. I even drive 30 miles out if my way sometimes to have them change my oil- because I trust them implicitly with my vehicle."  this place ROCKS!  I know nothing about cars and I will literally buy any part they say I need. Yet I have never felt taken advantage of here. They are not pushy and show you your air filter  and if there are I will surely be connecting the problem to this location. This was one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a service shop. I was lied to multiple times about my lights and windshield wipers First time here and I couldn't be happier. Great recommendations without being pushy about sales. Quick in and out service and super friendly guys. A+ service and experience! The staff is amazing!!! I know getting your oil changed isn't fun but I totally don't mind coming here and I'm always happy when I leave. I would advise everyone to stay far away from this facility!!!!!"  but what oil specialty shop isn't. What bugs me about these places is they try to vet sell you on stuff even when you want just an oil change. Theses guys weren't too pushy. Super nice and friendly. Gave me $7 off for being a new customer! Don't forget to ask if your new" Great place! Great service!  I live 8 miles away and still make the drive for an oil change here. "Family friendly feel.  Met the owner there one day.  Received a card with his family on it one time.  Love the little messages they put on their marquee.  Pretty quick service.  They always offer drinks and goodies to my kids when I bring them with me.  My only issue is that they usually end up taking 5-15 minutes more than what they tell me.  I don't mind being told that it will take longer before I get started.  Better to tell me longer and then get it done sooner than the other way around.  All in all This place is GREAT! So thorough. They're definitely good at what they do. They double check everything. I trust them with my '10 challenger and my fiance's '14 charger. I recommend this place to everyone I know. Only negative was the price is 45 bucks for a standard oil change. Kinda pricey "A bizarre experience in the fact that the service was so professional and organized. These guys seem like they have had a lot of training on how to run a smooth operation. Had three guys working on my truck at the same time  and soda .Alfred was very generous and informative too. All workers were too."  friendly and you don't even have to get out of your car. I've avoided oil changers because they always take forever. At cal online I was there for 8 minutes. I will never get an oil change anywhere else!" I have been to this location twice and just like before they took great care of my car and had fast and friendly service! I wouldn't trust my car with anyone else. Thanks guys your the best  thorough and friendly as all get out. They offered us drinks while we waited and kept me informed every step of the way. I don't go to any other chain for my oil changes. These guys just can't be beat!" Customer service is not at all what it was!   I was very disappointed in the lack of great customer service this place used to have!"  this one has set the bar! Extremely efficient and friendly service. Everyone was in a great mood and had me ready to go in record time." This place impressed me. The entire team was professional and worked very efficiently. I received a full oil change in less than 11 minutes!  I feel comfotable that they are doing the job right.  I feel it's a bit on the pricey side  most incredible service. I love that you stay in your car and they walk you through everything going on as they go. Truly amazing customer service! Thank you!" This place is great! Not only is the customer service outstanding but where else can you get an oil change in 10 minutes. The prices are very reasonable as well. Definitely recommend." "This was the most efficient oil changed I have ever had for my car. The staff was attentive and upbeat. From start to finish "I was referred to this location by my boss. I was very pleased with the service and friendliness of the people that serviced my vehicle. There was no wait at 12 pm. When I pulled up there was a clock timing the service time Competitive price and really fast--I'll be back for years to come."  James and Luis. I count on yelp reviews when selecting a place and this place lived up to it's reputation and great reviews. Well run shop and highly recommended! I now know where to go in the future when I need to service my 4Runner!" "Everyone was friendly and the communication seemed airtight.  Kevin was professional and courteous.  Getting an oil change is such a hassle most of the time and is one of those things I keep saying I need to do  Kiara and Kevin) and very knowledgable efficient! They also offer cold drinks to keep you cool in your car. Love it. 10/10!  Driving away after a quick 14 minute visit here."  especially because I chose only their $4 basic..  but driving home one of the silver strips flew off my door (around the window) and so that's forever lost.  not blaming it on the car wash "I like that this car wash has self service and drive thru options. The self service option is great because you can get your car as sparkly as you like it and you get a great workout in. It does require you to have quarters (or small bills for the coin machine) and I typically use 2-3 rounds For what it is works great. Never needed anyone help but every time I go someone is there working.  so I stopped by. Just to update some facts: the express car wash is now $4.99 and it costs a $1 to feed the machine that vacuums your car. There are a number of places that do an express wash for $3 and the vacuum is free These guys do a great job. I've looked everywhere for a drive thru wash with soft pads so it doesn't scratch my paint..drive thrus r harsh on black..and not only does this place have it but the guys come out and give ur car a pre hand scrubbed wash down..legit..$5-7 can't beat it. Both me and my fiance come here..both black sports cars and never worry about scratches. :) This place is really down. I tried to vacuum my car and two of the machines wouldn't take the quarters and the third machine I tried ate the $1 I put in. Definitely not coming back here.  but these guys have earned it.  I had been washing my cars here for 16 years.  They used to have a very good spot-free rinse.  It has significantly gone downhill the past two years however.  The last 2 visits the soap brushes have failed to operate  and provide great customer service. The Car Wash equipment is well maintained. Their prices are quite reasonable. They hand wash the exterior of your vehicle. After a couple visits I'm quite impressed! See you guys again soon."  at least pick a more honest organization to throw your hard earned money at. Now if you excuse me My wait time was estimated at about 30 min These people offer stellar customer service. They went above and beyond with my oil change and tire rotation. The manager/owner is definitely doing something right with their training practices. "I went here after leaving discount tire cause they told me I needed a new tire and would not fix my flat.  Discount tire never even checked to see if it was fixable.  I decided to go to Big O tires cause I heard good things about them.  It was true!!  They looked at my tire and were able to fix it on the spot!  No charge!  They saved me $250.00 cause that's what Discount Tire wanted for a new tire.  My hats off to Big O and I will use them again I've come here for years. These guys are Honest and good people.  I'm sure every tire shop has its unsatisfactory reviews but in all the time I've been here its been nothing but good service.  terrible tire place. Not recommended. Went next door and they checked and filled all tires  but they made it possible for me to be able to get my vehicle back during a typical stressful work day! They went above and beyond! I will use them for any tire issues! I have typically gone to the one on Bell  and went out of their way to help me.  I told them I would be back Saturday for them to put new tires on and fix my spare. I am a single working mother of 5 children and don't have money or time to waste. I have never had such superb customer service. Big O has me as a customer for life! I won't go any other place. Thank you Big O!! You saved my day." I would definitely do business here again and recommended it!" "Staff are pleasant and happy to help.  The answer is always ""yes"" when I've needed a quick turn around." "I have been using this location for tire service needs for years. I recently visited for a routine rotation and was very pleased with the entire experience. First Everyone here was extremely nice and helpful starting from just the phone call! The shop was also very clean and inviting. I would recommend this location to everyone. They definitely care amount their customers car care and personal care. Also LOVE the fact that they have a complementary cell phone charging station! Whoever brought that in deserves a raise lol  and that's huge for me! I will definitely be coming back to this place! Overall a fantastic experience and a good deal for the money." If I could put no stars I would. Took my mothers car in here for a free oil change a few weeks ago because I had a coupon for being a new home owner near by. First off they told me I had to drop the car off for a few hours just to do an oil change! Ok.. So I had to have my wife pick me up. I come back to pick up the car several hours later and they tell me I need all the brake pads changed on the car and it's going to be $600! Ok are these brake pads made of gold?! I said no way I can do it myself because I know my way around cars pretty dang well! So I go home and jack up the car and take the wheels off check all four calipers and the pads are about 3/4 new still on all four calipers! These guys are crooks and they are taking advantage of good hard working people. Whoever wrote a good review about this place probably got taken advantage of and they no nothing about cars and just nod their head yes to whatever these thieves say their car needs.  and the other two were unsafe as a result of the 2 failed tires. To our surprise they wanted over $450 to replace the tires.  I went down to speak with the manager as I was confused as to how this could be.  I let the manager know it was clear the tires were failing from defects. Needless to say Big O was still unwilling to change their stance.   We were so appalled that we went down the street to purchase 4 new Pirelli tires with 90k mile warranty for only $480.00 out the door.  While having the tires replaced we found that the tires sold to us by Big O were the wrong tires as they were under the load size specified by the manufacture.  No wonder they failed miserably.  I promptly called Big O to report our findings We've been coming to this Big O since 2005. Kyle and his crew have great customer service and can help with almost anything car related. They are so accommodating and easy to work with we never consider going anywhere else. Highly recommend these guys.  I will come back and update my review. All I've laid out here are the facts of what has gone on with my car over the last two weeks. You can deduce from it what you want. I personally won't be going back to Big O again." Thank you and I will continue to send my friends and family to see him." Seems like I'm in here every other week and they are so nice every time. I love how they never try to up sale me. The prices are very fair. My only small complaint is it always take longer then they say it will. If they say an hour come back 2 hours later and you will be good to go.  with free coffee and a small tv set;more than adequate." And they educated me on how to take better care of my tires so they'd last longer. They'll also check the air pressure at no charge. Love them." Fast friendly service!  Got a battery for my husbands truck!  Would definitely return! "I have been taking my cars here for a while now and am always impressed with the service we get here.  Joey is amazing and always puts the customer first.  This team goes over and beyond.  If anything happens to go wrong it is fixed with no problems. I respect a place that has integrity  beg someone to help you put on the donut so that you an go to the nearest Firestone to get it fixed.  You walk in and they are busier then heck on this NYE. However the friendly guy behind the counter says no problem All they did was try to up sell me.  pleasant and timely with their service."  that he could not see any oil on the dip stick. An Inspection revealed that there was metal particles in the oil.  When I talked to Chuck and asked him what he saw when they removed the rod to inspect the crankshaft.  He said a lot of scaring.  After battling with the claims department for 29 days they finally offered my $1000.  That doesn't cover the cost of repairs to my car and now i have a bill for a rental car for $945.  I will NEVER use Firestone for any services ever again." "It has been 38 days now since I took my car into Firestone (see my review below).  I have a witness to the fact that they forgot to put oil in the car after an oil change and they are still not accepting liability.  Joey Huskey Great service! Got me in and fixed my flat on a Sunday afternoon and got me back on the road again.  Courteous staff and very efficient. They treated all the other waiting customers very well too.  and friendly! We'll definitely be returning:) fast and efficient service as well" If I could give them NO STARS I would. I've been going to this location for years but lately the alignment bay has no regard for your vehicle what so ever. They get it in and out fast but at what cost. Recently I took my jeep in to get the steering wheel corrected. They fixed the steering wheel but just twisted up the boots on both sides of the rack and pinion witch now both need to be replaced. I would not recommend them at all. Sloppy work. Ive been going to this location for past two yrs. Staff is always helpful and goes above and beyond to help out.  the guys here take very good care of me and my truck. The prices are competitive but the service stands out." "I have taken my car here a few times now and have been pretty unhappy with the service. The first time I took it in for an oil change and everything was good. The second time I took it in to get my tires rotated and I came home to see that my hub cap had fallen off. Luckily it fell off in the parking lot at Firestone so I was able to get it back. The next time I came back to get my AC fixed. I had them run all of the tests to see what was wrong. They said it was ""possibly"" the compressor  I understand that. The technician said that the engine code was showing a misfire in cylinder 6. Said my jeep was too new to either have plugs or coils be responsible and said it was most likely a valve problem. Said I should go to the dealer because that is part of the drive train and should be covered under warranty. Went to the dealer and showed them my paperwork. Bottom line...Firestone did NOT charge me and I had $2200 worth of warranty work done Worked with these guys about 10 times over the past few years and found them to be very honest and competent. Several times I have misdiagnosed a problem and they have advised me on repairs that cost less or workarounds that they charged nothing for. They do quality and work and finish on time. Some of these one star reviews are very unreasonable. This qt is one of the best in n. phoenix. Since it is on a major road aand right off the 101 the gas is higher than those further away from the freeway. Besides that the emploees are great. They do a great job of keeping the store clean and stocked. If there is a problem they are quick to fix it! ...I guess this is the trip part... they actually believe in customer service. Not a high turnover rate so they actually remember your face. Plenty of parking.new gas pumps and the whip cream machine thank you for that qt. no more starbucks for me!No matter what time of day or night you actually feel safe. I always make sure I stop at this qt in the morning  and 5 Hour Energy drinks! Quiktrips are the best convenience store/gas station in the valley."  and cheap.  The four Cs get five stars." friendly and fast service! "I'm actually loving their new kitchen with food made to order. just tried the hazelnut iced latte and its not too bad. Staff is friendly Great speedy service! The staff is always friendly and the place is spotless. They have the best prices in town on gas and other product. "I kind of hate quick trip - only because my boyfriend loves it so darn much. He drags me there regularly.  No normal human being should ever need to go to the gas station as often as he does. That being said cashiers dont know how to count.  if you like loosing money come here  it doesn't  get any better." V5SEipw__kBpFPlo1Rba-g The staff is friendly and very fast at their job the parking is large and I know exactly what to expect here it's probably the best convenience store around I'd give them 6 stars if I could. I have found my new mechanic! Thanks guys!" "ATD has always gone way beyond what is normally expected to help me with my automotive repairs.  They were able to fixed the AC in my truck and get me back on the road within one day during the middle of the summer when I was traveling from Southern California to Utah and then through Phoenix.  They also do great work on the fabrication and repairs for my sandcar.  They are knowledgeable Awesome service at a reasonable price. WlIXozffoh023o6cUmOfjg "I had a ton of doubt built up from other GC owners about the reliability of a Hemi GC after a valve job. From the glowing referral "Very friendly. Gave me a quote on the work over the phone. Got it done when they said they would  they recommended to take it back to ATD and give them the chance to make it right. So after towing back to them i get call saying that it wan't their fault and had another long estimate to fix car again.  I would never recommend this shop to anybody who wants to be treated honestly. Money runs this shop not honesty!" Lesson learned: ATD is a predator on unsuspecting people that they think they can take advantage of. Very sad example for the rest of the automotive repair community."  they would show me the part and why it was in need of replacement. Craig is awesome and so are his wife and mother in the front office. They also work on our Ford F450 and  which keeps me out of the dog house. Keep up the excellent customer service Good Guys!!!!!" I would highly recommend them to all my friends and family and anyone looking for an awesome auto repair company should definitely use Good Guys!" Always fair and they do great work. Only guys I trust with my wife's truck and my work cars. Very friendly and knowledgeable. They get the job done right. Recommend this place for your repairs. Want to be treated like a human being These guys were recommended to me by a friend.  Dave helped me out with both my car and my wife's SUV.  Price was right and gave me some honest advice. I'm glad I found this place. I will be back... "I'm very impressed that they got my car done that day  there's almost always a manager outside to speak to. Another plus is that it's not usually very crowded. The only negative is that their waiting area is a little shabby and could use a TV or some magazines Definitely worth the money!"  but was bought out by another member of the family. Everytime I have brought a vehicle here they have done a great job. They offer many services and options for your individual needs. The prices are reasonable and they offer a discount if you come back in a week. With the monsoon season upon us this could come in handy. I drive the 15 minutes to get my car washed here. It's what I know. Maybe I'm afraid of change?"  or grabbing a rag and walking around after they are done wiping at nonexistent spots? And then giving them little to nothing as a tip. For christsakes go home and wash it yourself. They are working hard in the sun  even though they didn't seem that busy. Very poor quality wash. They actually smeared dirt on previously spotless areas on the interior." I absolutely love this place and will continue to get my car washed Time to find a new car wash."  he said if the shocks look new and you bring them back in the original box The Boys at Desert Rat are awesome.  I hate car stuff and am always afraid of being taken because I am  a women.   When I went is they asked what the problem was and took care of me without  trying to tell me I needed more than just the shocks.  I felt comfortable with them.  I will send everyone I know.  Thanks guys!!!  and rotations were also included with the purchase. Extremely painless and professional process. We would highly recommend Desert Rat and we will continue to use them for future off-road needs." The dealership quoted me $3800 to fix my 2013 F150 The guys at Desert Rat took a look at it and found the right problem and it was only $500 to fix and ready the same day  advising against unnecessary work and beating competitors by very large margins! Family owned and they just want the best for you. They truly look for the return customer and not just a quick buck!!! Thanks Gab's!"  etc. I would recommend this place to anyone. Many of my coworkers use him as well and I've never heard a complaint from anyone. His shop has saved me a time or two for sure!!" Gab has my unwavering trust. I will keep coming here as long as their doors are open."  and options very clearly. The owner even met me at the shop to receive my car on a Sunday (they are closed Sundays) and took the time to show me the bad parts they had pulled off the car and explain how things work. I would highly recommend this reliable and professional shop! Thanks for the help." "The best auto repair shop I have ever done business with. A friend from work recommended Gab's and I am ever so grateful she did. Family owned shop with years of experience. The minute I walked through the office door I was treated very kindly. They didn't laugh at me because I don't know a damn thing about auto repair. The service "Always fast but most importantly they are always honest with you. Their prices are very fair and they always want to show you the old part that was bad. The entire team there is great and very knowledgable. If you need anything done to your vehicle I would highly recommend taking it to Gabs  bar none. I will always go there as long as they are still in business"  trustworthy and professional.  Karen and Gab are two of the nicest people. I never feel like they are trying to sell me anything my car does not need. I like their honesty and integrity.  I would recommend to anyone to bring your car here. And it doesn't hurt that Gab reminds me of my step Father-in-law.  :)"  Gab met me at the counter and took my keys. He drove the jeep around back to look at it. I try to do most of my own work on my vehicles but I don't have the tools to fix or service the AC in my Jeep. I knew that I would be looking at about $100 in repairs depending if it was my compressor or if it just needed service. I was also prepared to have to leave my jeep for a day a or two since this is what other mechanics have to do. After about 3 minutes jfKQHfwKmeLXnwAdbzgxZQ  awesome work and fair price. I replaced my timing belt here and it cost me 200 dollars less than Goodyear" I will only come here for my car. Gab and his team give me the best service as well as factory parts only. They don't try to charge me for things that aren't broken.  reasonable price. It is a place you can trust!!!!!" 000 miles out of a car before it bites the dust. Having abandoned overpriced Toyota dealer service for the remainder of this car's life I've used Gab's Auto since Pep Boys ripped me off on repair on my cooling system. Gab and his wife run a great business and. I will continue to go to their shop with my current car and my future cars.  I would completely recommend them for anyone who is in the need of a solid mechanic The crew is knowledgeable and professional. Unnecessary work is never pushed as I have encountered at numerous other shops." First experience with this place was amazing!! Super friendly people and very honest. Took an older truck in with a mystery light on on the dashboard. They ran all the system checks and test drove it to find nothing wrong! And charged us nothing! Have never had this type of experience at an auto repair place and will definitely be using them in the future. So needless to say I was extremely disappointed and I will be closing all of my Desert Schools accounts and taking my money to a Credit Union that can ACTUALLY help me. Eat A modicum of decency would have been nice  I didn't receive any thorough explanations about where my money was going (there wasn't any proof that my money went into an account it just kinda disappeared. I went to the ATM and got a statement to prove it was actually in there!) The best part about it was the option for free checking and the option to exempt yourself from overdraft protection which I LOVE." I'm also happy they are open on Saturdays!"  the WRONG number on purpose after we exchanged words.... That's got to be illegal and she needs to be fired. Then she even has the nerve to freeze my account while I'm out of town and can't go into a branch when they're clearly in the wrong.. Grow up and get better employees. I'm making sure everyone knows how I feel about this credit union. I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future." Went in yesterday to set up an account and Irene was fantastic. You can tell she enjoys her job and that she really cares about her customers. After I deposited my cash she noticed my checks that I didn't give her to deposit..  She asked if I wanted to deposit those as well. I really appreciated her awareness that I was slacking in  they can be a good alternative to big banks for individual consumers. They will make you open a $25 minimum savings account to become a member Be smart take you money out and run."  and didn't treat me like a bimbo for being a woman in an auto car place." "Was a little reluctant to try Jiffy Lube as opposed to my auto dealer for a basic oil change. I was afraid of the upselling etc. Since I was  overdue on this and hadn't made an appointment anywhere else I decided the (possible) expense of a burned out engine outweighed the annoyance of a ""shark"" telling me there were multiple things wrong with my car. It turns out they were straightforward  he pointed out something that was wrong with my car!! Very thorough and considerate." Always fast and professional at this location. A little pricey but you get what you pay for. They don't do anything that isn't necessary and I appreciate that. I have been going here for 2 yrs now and never disappointed.  cleaned my windows and checked the fluids in my car which i greatly appreciate cause I don't know anything about cars! I'm definitely getting an oil change here from now on." "While conveniently a mile from my home and the guy handling the check in and out process is pleasant - my car has taken twice the time of a dealership as one of the mechanics has spent the majority of his time arguing and cussing at a woman on the phone (girlfriend or wife).  As a result Had oil changed here yesterday. After trying to be up sold on everything I got my truck home and I have oil drips on my garage floor from leaks. Also have oil smudges all over my door and hood from the mechanics. I will not go here again!  we had some difficulty with our Suburban.  We thought it was just electrical problems relating to our 4x4 switch.  When we took it to our mechanic they said there could be a possibility that our transfer casing was tampered with.  There are only two shops that touch our cars: Jiffy Lube and Gruelichs.  We called Jiffy Lube and spoke to the manager on duty  causing the cap to break on the next change so they can charge for a replacement." This Jiffy lube has a great staff. Manager Gus looks out for the customer ... And these guys really care... If your looking for a Jiffy lube that will take of you the way you should be come to this Jiffy Lube.... "This is the only location I'll go to. Even after moving to Central Phoenix. The staff is always super friendly and helpful. And the fact that they throw in random extras from time to time (wiper blades "I just came in for an oil change. They attempted to charge me for things I did not need. (I know nothing about cars  so after arguing with the manager I paid and left.  I will not be back.  This facility does not provide good service and I would not recommend anyone allow them to do maintenance work on their car." My guess is that their location get tons of Phoenix afternoon sun & summer heat all over the Garage Bay where they all work with garage doors open without AC while they're servicing other vehicles."  actually rude. Did not have air filters for 2014 Nissan Altima - like the most popular car in America. They all of a sudden discovered a leak in my window washer fluid tank (16 "Never again. I got here 30 minutes ago with only one other car here. After 30 minutes I decided to go out there to get the status on my car only to find out 3 other new cars are all being done and mine is still just sitting there. When I said I was leaving they grabbed my keys offered no explanation and pulled the car in. Manager seems rude and negative  get sudsy and do your own car (shout out to all your high rollers who pay Danny's for their luxury wash)!  Weiss Guys on 40th Street is a T-bird secret.  Tucked away next to Circle K  perfect for motorcycles!" Their water is cold. Go somewhere else if you need/want warm water to rinse your car or undercarriage." I highly recommend it and will be back." I love this place! I started going here because I was given some free car wash vouchers. The guys that work here are so friendly. I always feel like I get the VIP treatment even though I'm just sitting in my car and vacuuming my own car. I have even had the guys give me a free windshield out of the vending machine when another guys got stuck and last time j was there he asked if I needed more time on the vacuum. Last time I was there I even literally almost ran into two of the owners (at least I think they were the owners). They were also super friendly and made sure I had everything I needed. I mean it's no glamorous car wash so if you are lazy and want it all done for you then this isn't your place but if you are just needing a car wash and don't mind vacuuming yourself and wiping down the inside of your car this is the place! Remember to tip the guys for all their hard work. Thanks Weiss Guys! It took forever for the water to get warm. And of course while I was waiting it was using up the time on the clock. The nozzle they have on the end of the hose is very difficult to hold onto and wash your dog at the same time. And when I switched it to rinse I waited and waited and waited and it never did have clear water coming out of the hose. When I talked to the attendant about it he gave me extra time on the clock. I don't feel like my dogs were truly clean because I could see a small amount of suds still on their body when we finished. After all that and spending $18 I still had to bring them home and rinse them off again. Definitely will not go back. There are too many other dog washes to go through that again. "Love love love the service here...Jimmy is always friendly and professional and is a pleasure to see every time.  As a clean freak with a monthly membership Finally I will find a place that want to earn my money and business" I used to go to the drive-thru portion quite a bit and it wasn't the best car wash but it was okay for the money. But the last time I took my truck through there when I got home I noticed it I had scuff marks all along the edge of the roof where it meets the driver's door. I had to take that to a shop and have that all buffed out. I guess that bargain Car Wash wasn't such a bargain after all  I appreciate how you can bring your car to Discount and have them check your tires without an appointment to make sure everything is OK. Also when I have had to bring it in they have always been very fast and the guys working there do great customer service. Although they work as fast as they can  I should've checked that the tire floating around my trunk held air - I might've noticed the large gaping hole in the tire at some point).  I hereby resolve never to return to Discount Tire.  Apparently  they are hard to beat."  discount has provided a great warranty and a decent price.  i regret buying tires for my civic somewhere else ... with them i got a bad warranty and bad service. discount really is a-ok by me."  drove off with 2 new tires mounted & balanced at 9:15am. And they had the best price I found. Seriously So I get no-brand tires at the same price as brand-name. They wear out in 3 months and in addition they can't patch up a tire without getting a new one."  buy the lifetime tire  balance and rotation for $ 50.00."  & don't talk to me like I'm an idiot. I appreciate that. Tires are expensive and you get what you pay for with quality and longevity but these guys give great service regardless of how much you're spending. Glad this location is my neighborhood Discount Tire." 12/7/11: back again and glad I got the tire protection."  it was also cheap and quick.  I'm definitely taking my car here when its tires go." "These guys are great! The store Manager Ty Craig is truly an asset that Discount tire could never afford the lose! They will bend over backward to take care of you here  EXCELLENT customer service and the waits aren't too bad. I will only come here for my automobile needs from now on. Definitely recommend."  it had a nail in it. After waiting almost an hour they told me it was unrepairable and tried to get me to buy a new tire. They were originally purchased at Fletcher's so I brought it there instead Mark ... your car is ready. Awesome!" "I'm always impressed at how efficiently the staff at Discount Tire works...no one is ever loafing around or at 1/2 speed.  I've not ever seen another business that is so consistent. They work quickly and constantly.  I don't feel like I have ever been misled I will for sure be back here. Good job Discount Tire. Great job."  the young man asks if I want a bottle of water while I wait. Amazing service."  the assistant manager at the Tatum and bell location is absolutely amazing! He took such great care of me and I was extremely impressed with his customer service. The other guys at the store were also very helpful and courteous. This is definitely the place to go to when you get a flat!"  and fair price.  I'll be back the next time I need tire service."  professional yet funny crew of employees they have here.  Their prices reflect that they understand what people need due to the economy.  I only wish they had more plugs for when one needs to work on their electronic device while waiting.  Mine started to die and I had to charge my laptop in an odd spot that left me in the way of employees and customers.  HOWEVER  so feel free to ask as many questions as you possibly have.  I recently bought 4 tires for 2 of my vehicles for the President's Day special.  It's good deal when you know what you are doing.  Give them a try if you haven't done it before.  I know I'll go back again for more of their great services." "Stopped by Discount Tire to get a nail taken out of my rear tire and filled. As soon as I walked in a gentlemen came out from behind the counter and welcomed me into the store. He assessed my tire and entered all of my info into the computer and said it would be about 30minutes. He was extremely friendly. I waited outside for about 25min and another gentleman pulled my car up front and said everything had been completed and they checked the pressure on my other tires as well. When I asked how much he smiled and said ""Free QGOztEZthxVG0R_Ns5__xw The guys here are great. An extra big thanks to Chris for the fantastic customer service.  easy and knowledgable!! Turned my boiling blood into an ear to ear smile!! I will NEVER go anywhere else again!!" To be in and out within an hour without an appointment and when the tires I wanted weren't even in stock... absolutely amazing!"  and I really appreciate honesty and straight  business instead of this. It's too bad that this happens right in front of the store manager (Ty). I guess that tells you something." Great place! I went in for a tire pressure check. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes and was given a bottle of water. FREE! Great service nice employees I come here for all tire stuff. :)  thanks Discount Tire Guys.  they make sure you fully understand every aspect of any product you purchase from them and ensure you that you're making a good purchase that you can be confident about! Hopefully I won't have to be back anytime soon but for a FREE tire rotation but if I had to Came out of an appointment with a tire that was flatter than a pancake!  We got the car over to these guys an they had me in and out with new tires in less that 30 minutes!  Unbelievable! 000 miles. I knew the tires had decent tread left but half expected them to try and sell me new ones. But they didn't and that's why I'll keep coming back again and again. They just fixed the tire (nail) free and fast. Thanks and great job!" Love disc tire !!! I always get the best service from these guys !!! Highly recommended !!always free tire Check. They repaired my tire at no cost !!! Will be returning!!! :)  friendly faces and a cold bottle of water was offered to me! This hot Arizona day Customer service still exists and 5 stars of customer service goes out to this discount tire location on tatum and bell ...store mgr Ty you have a 5 star classy associate in Daniel .....my business my families business and everyone i know will be seeing you .... Thank you for doing things right and blowing my mind !! Another very impressive visit to this discount tire location ..... Its been 110 plus degrees outside with no end in sight .... got my free air pressure check and was once again provided with exceptional customer service .... Justin M.  was thorough as can be even offered me a free bottle of water ... thank you sir !!   Why would anyone get tires anywhere else ??  friendly and efficient. Integrity is a lost art in business. If they say your car will be ready in an hour "I went to this location and was going to pay asap. I did not care about cost because safety first is my opinion but the problem was that i was a woman. I did not get any type of hi or anything that i thought they were going to help me. I waited around for i dont know how long and i was going to meet my dad there because this was my first experience getting tires. So then my dad shows up and as soon as he gets there he gets a hi sir how can i help you? He was not paying for my tires that were going to cost me $300. My dad asked a few questions and then it was time for me to pay  the guy didn't even bend over to measure tread. Me ""ok well maybe I will pull around to get air check"" I was guided into the bay by another guy an he just walks away.....sat there for a few minutes and no one acknowledged They did fix my tire for free and inspected and fill proper air in all four tires" These guys will go out of their way to take care of you. No hidden costs and they tell you everything you need and don't take advantage of you like some other sleazy shops do.  but certainly not great. The service at Discount? well below average. This last time we were in to drop off the car  make an appointment ahead of time so you don't have to wait.  This is something this discount tire location can't seem to manage.  Three times now I have waited over an hour and when I complain they apologize and say it was checked in wrong and didn't show I had an appointment.  How hard is it to check someone in and match their name with the name of the person who has the appointment?! Every other business in America can handle it Everyone was friendly and customer focused. As I sat waiting for my tires I watched quite a few customers come in and be greeted and taken care of in a fast and friendly manner. My experience was definitely a positive one." "What a great experience! I was greeted with big smiles from a super friendly staff. The gentleman that helped me gave me detailed information and kindly answered all of my questions. My account was pulled up quickly and warranty verified in a few seconds. I was in and out of this place with a brand new tire and my whole trunk put back together! Thanks for everything I will not buy tires from anywhere else than Discount Tires" My experience has been so great with these guys. My last trip here was surely a miracle. I needed to drive pretty far and be away from home for a few months and got them checked. Based on their assessment of my tires I decided to replace all four. My brother needed a tire and was driving on his donut. They made it so easy for us to make a deal on getting my four tires and putting my best old tire on my brothers car! Seriously so pleased with these guys. Can't thank them enough!!!" I think I will try another location next time."  I usually leave these car wash places feeling frustrated and ripped off. I have yet to have that feeling here  it doesn't matter as I am not interested in the ding fix - thanks anyway.  He continues to bug me and I - not being a fan of hard-sells - told him very directly that I was not interested and to leave me alone.  Think he stopped?  Oh no!  He starts in again at which point I got a hold of the manager who upsold me on the gold and said bsoVRCfwAEWQfSvujDy2oA I highly recommend this place.  You wont be sorry."  but I have to say that I was very happy.  Their customer service was fantastic and they did wonders with my 6-year-old car I get my car washed every two weeks here for the last year. The staff is super friendly I dont see my self ever going to another carwash company. 2.5 stars: 2 hours for a detail and no wi-fi :(  the customer service was atrocious and I will not recommend The AZ Car Wash Company to anyone.  This experience could have been simply prevented by a professional working at each location.  There are plenty of reputable car washes available...I suggest you find another one.  Try Danny's Car Wash "These guys are the best--don't bother with the ""family"" car wash--these folks are way above that experience--friendly "They do a pretty good job.  They don't try too hard to sell more services. Just make sure to check your car to make sure they get all the spots.  Also very important is they are pretty quick.  No problem if you want to get something to eat while they wash your car  watch out for the coupon specials. Not all the employees know how to honor them and will try to charge you for something else entirely"  I've come here three times since (we bought coupon packets) and windows aren't cleaned as well as they should and ive asked two separate times for them to vacuum my trunk and both times it wasn't done. I've gone to full hand car washes in other towns that are cheaper and take more time really doing a good job on your car. Not going back here again." Terrible experience. Always trying to up-sell. Took my wife's SUV thru yesterday.  Paid for the top of the line wash. Interior wasn't complete. When I pointed out the dirt the attendant handed ME a rag. Thanks for nothing!  My last visit to this place. The exterior looked the same as it always does after a wash. The interior was average. The cup holders were still sticky and not at all detailed. I was very disappointed. I got basically a deluxe carwash for over $115 plus a generous tip. I did not think the minimum wage workers should be punished for the actions of the salesman."  but was pretty clean when I drove in.  Totally missed vacuuming the trunk.  Will look elsewhere next time."  I won't be returning. I bought the Platinum wash and when my car was returned I had to run it back up to be re-vacuumed. Seats still had hair and they did not bother lifting up the mats to vacuum underneath. When re-vacuuming I had to do it the employee didn't. I also had to wipe down some parts in the car as they did not bother wiping it down (dashboard was done great however other parts in the car were not) and that was frustrating. The worst part is that when I was wiping in between the seat and center console my wipe got the biggest dirt and hair glob! I'll be using the run through $3 wash from now on.." "Don't know why this place only has 3 stars they do good work and have beer on tap  and get Chevron to upgrade the gas tanks and register system or something so they don't get more reviews like this one."  I tried this place out as I didn't know any others in the area. They ended up charging me $20 to run my car thru the car wash and was done in 2 minutes. They got an extra 15 dollars out of me but won't get any more of my business"  and great service please visit these guys...i promise you...you won't be sorry. Take Care my friends!!!!!" 5 star service my butt! I literally saw 3 people come in and just stand in the lobby. No greeting from the owner...nothing! I left. Will never come back or recommend. great place to get your car worked on extremly fast and helpful. would reccomend to anyone When times are slow this place will make up for it by exagerating the problems with your vehicle.  Customer beware!  The service you get is not the one you really needed. Service was awesome. The manager Adam goes far beyond expectations to make things right.  This Midas always has your best interest at heart and will not try and sell you something that is not needed! Finally a auto shop you can trust!  this place was the BEST! He had the best mechanics and gave you great service at a discount price. Bob has retired & this place is horrible now. Say they fix things and don't. Don't go I wish I could give no stars. I set up an appointment for an oil change before going out of town the next day. I arrived and gave the manager Shane my keys. I was told it would take 45 minutes which was great because I was going to work soon after. I went to lunch and came back an hour later. First off there was not a soul in the office to greet me for about ten  to fifteen minutes until finally a worker came from the garage and asked if I had an appointment. I told him my name and that my car should be ready. He had no idea what was going on or who I was and told me they had yet to start to work on my car. About 15 minutes later Shane came back and did not even recognize me even though I was just in an hour ago. He asked if he could help me. After telling him my frustrations I got a story about how they have multiple projects going on. That's great and I would not have minded if it took a little longer than expected but the fact they hadn't told me a real estimate of time that they cared very little about customer satisfaction and that I couldn't find an associate for 15 minutes ruined my entire experience and made it so I had to take an extended road trip with no oil change. I will never return and suggest you go elsewhere for your car troubles.  it's hard to see and I drove past the place and had to do a U turn on Bell and go around to get there.... otherwise happy to give them a good review because if they screw up I'm just as happy to bury them." I brought my Toyota here last week to have the rear brakes fixed. I got a call saying all I needed was to have the drums cleaned and the system flushed for a mere $100. I thought that was great considering I wasn't spending hundreds on repairs. The car is now less functional than when I brought it in. The rear brakes don't engage AT ALL! They tore down the shroud in the front for some reason so now my tires catch on it  that it was still under their warranty and the manager said in a narcissistic manner that I had ""unprofessionally installed lights and electronics"" that my ""wires were killing the alternator""  and that my electronics were ""crappy"" and he could ""install them professionally himself"" then  he said he would give me a free alternator if I paid $400 for labor even though it was still under warranty. I did not agree with this and voiced my opinion then walked out of the establishment  but I usually end up waiting up to an hour).  They had wifi available and a nice selection of magazines (not just about cars which is a plus for me)!  They found one issue with my car and took me outside so they could show me I took my truck to this Midas store today for an oil change. The manager Jim was very friendly and professional. The store was clean and had a nice area to wait in while my truck was being serviced. They did the oil change and suggested a few maintenance items to perform the next visit. Overall I was pleased with their work and I will return again. I hate pushy repair shops that try to force other services. This was a pleasant experience that I would recommend to others.  trusted friend.  I had been nursing a poorly running car for several months but was finally forced to get it repaired in order to pass emissions.  He went through the auto with a fine-toothed comb so that he could give me an accurate estimate on what it needed right away as well as what it could get away with for the time being.  He explained every test he ran on the car and what it was for Dave is hands down the most honest and hard working mechanic/shop owner you can find.  Always straightforward and always finishes in a timely manner. Have been taking my vehicles here for years and would never go that elsewhere. I have been going to Advanced for years and Dave has been great to work with. I like that he gives you the options to use factory parts or to use aftermarket based on your budget. Plus the work has already been completed on time and for what was quoted. I would highly recommend Advanced for any car repairs you need.  they made it right in short order.  Other reviews have it right -- he gives you thoughtful options to issues FINALLY... a shop to trust! Great first-time experience on Apr-26. I'll be back." My god!  Fire and gas stations DON'T MIX!  I hope they all explode and remove themselves from the gene pool!" Its annoying when all you want is a $10 car wash and every time they want to charge you for any number of sealants and crap.  And ""no thank you"" isn't good enough.  They have to give you their situational anecdotes and keep hassling.  Go to Danny's  the nonstop sales pitches from the moment we pulled in were really rather irritating. After iterating several times that we were not interested in getting the car detailed or waxed  despite the fact that I told them several times not to call me anymore.  I called the Phoenix Police and they suggested that I contact my phone company and it turned out that I had a feature to block specific phone numbers from calling me.  I blocked them and haven't heard from them since." I stopped here while waiting for someone nearby to get ready. the have tv's inside to kill time. nice!!  but I'll probably use it before then. I wish there was a Cobblestone closer to me than this one. I have to drive 16 miles one way to get there. Because of the distance I will definately make time to go back to this particular location." Bottom Line:  It's a car wash- they make their real profits on the ""extras"".  If you aren't interested Car wash poor. Left waterspots all over. Lazy employees.  Refused to clean rims properly after being told it would not be a problem.  When spoke with manager he stood behind his lazy employees.  1 star is being generous. I immediately threw away wash card I had signed up for. Not this or any other cobblestone carwash will ever see any of my vehicles again. "The customers service could be better in the store.....but the guys who take care of my trucks on the outside are great. I bought the Groupon deal to receive 3 months of unlimited express car washes for 20 bucks....there is not a better deal in the state of Arizona....maybe even the nation....LOL. The guys here get my trucks squeaky clean....and I am out in 5 minutes or less and that includes hand drying it. I will be enjoying this great deal until late October.....but even without the deal the wash is only 4.99 which is very cheap for what you get. So if you need to get your car or truck clean in this Arizona desert....head over to Cobblestone....and remember to Eat  its been a breeze to pull in and access the car wash. And did I mention this location has a Dunkin Donuts inside? Score!!!!!"  the machine will give you a receipt and force you to go inside the store to get your change -- which completely defeats the purpose of ""fast pass.""" I will not be back to this place.  Not worth the price.  I have had better done cheaper." I would suggest to management that there" Pushy about upsells. Horrible cleaning job! Go somewhere else. I actually don't think the up sells are so high pressure . . . dine out and servers always push appetizers  I feel as if I'm at a used car sales lot. The employees are incredibly pushy to upsell you on a simple car wash. I can't say I will be returning anytime soon."  I fell for the $4 ""Supreme Upgrade"" and you forgot my vanilla air freshener. Dang it. Had no idea what kind of negotiation would occur if I went back  so there were water spots everywhere. They also didn't even attempt to wipe off the adhesive from the tape. It seems reasonable to expect that your car will be cleaner after a car wash than before 1/31/13 - Issue resolved by Cobblestone Save your self the hassle "Been to this car wash several times and each time it leaves white spots all over the car! Not sure if its water spots or excessive soap not being washed off. The car is clean but very spotty. Everytime I have to use a wet rag to wipe the spots off. Also if I get gas there AVOID FRANK LLOYD RIGHT & HAYDEN LOCATION AT ALL COSTS!"  I have to report on my recent experience at Cobblestone and hope the people in charge see this and reward this employee accordingly.... I made an unplanned visit on Monday because I got into my van and found it crawling with ants! EWWW.. I hate ants! So I raced up there These guys and gals do such a great job!  I had a great experience other than the lady that was sitting in front of me.  Not sure how her husband deals with her non stop complaining.  My car however was good as new when I left. I have started making the drive to this cobblestone weekly now!  As a former Danny's customer (closest car wash to my house) I was shocked when I stopped by here today while out running errands.  The quality here is far more than Danny's could have ever hoped for.  Driving a black car you want it to be treated well and sparkle when finished....you get that here!  The workers are extremely friendly and do a very quality job and make sure every detail is taken care of.  Even if a spot is pointed out they are quick to take care of it and find other spots.  I will always go out of my way to travel to this location for a superior wash to keep my car looking its best.  makes my experience more enjoyable. I've gotten their express wash to their extreme wash and I have to say overall I've been happy with the cleanliness of my car and how fast it gets washed. Even if I have to wait I don't mind as they have free wifi so I generally take the time to check my emails or watch a movie. The guys and gals working there are always friendly and helpful. The only I don't like is years ago when I would get a car wash here wiping down the interior upholstery was part of the wash but now it's an extra charge so my exterior is clean And I still come here to get my car washed. What can I write- I think at this point I think Cobblestone is like a comfy pair of shoes to me. Lol." Great service and honesty. Completely compensated for minor damage to my car. Great work Daniel!  now they no longer care about customer service.. Just how much can they make while you are there..." Go find out for your self. For 3.99 during happy hour my cars was super clean :D"  but today was exceptional.  Five stars for Cobblestone.  I'll definitely be back!" hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g This auto spa us conveniently located at the 51 and bell rd. Out of all the washes I've tried this one will accept larger trucks with oversized wheels for the same price as a car. Attention to detail is pretty good. My vehicle is always clean inside and out. The other thing I like is they do oil and tire rotation for a reasonable amount of money. "We ran over some road garbage on SR51...complete blowout.  Hobbled our car off the freeway and bell and luckily cobblestone was right there. Before we could even think to dial triple A I recommend this location!"  mats were not vacuumed. Mind you I don't smoke. When I brought it to the Managers attention he told me that their packages don't cover vacuuming inside the car. The guy who sold me this package when I got there promised me the dashboard  and oil changes! Anything and everything I need exceeds more than my expectations. I go to this wash at least two times a week and I leave happy every time!"  and voila! FINALLY!!! a detail job that you guys at Cobblestone can be proud of. Guillermo went the extra mile and it shows. Thanks for fixing it  where there is a kids playground inside(who knew) The two people working were smiling and seemed to be super happy (even if they were working on a Saturday)  The man gave me a receipt and said now that you have this you can come in next time and get a free car wash and also today you get free popcorn.  I laughed and was surprised by the popcorn machine near the entrance (fresh popcorn).  I left after spending twenty bucks with popcorn "Best experience at a car wash in a very long time treated the kids fantastic treated my car like it was their own.  Nice job team "Was waiting for my vehicle in the outside seating area.   A man rode up on a bicycle and sat in the seats and lit up a cigarette. ... in the common area. He wasn't even there to get a car washed.   I went inside to ask if that was allowed "I have been a cobblestone customer since I moved to Arizona last June. I never had a bad experience here until 11/14/2014.  I used one of the ""Free Wash"" coupons from the book my wife bought me for my birthday... My truck got damaged in the wash. I mentioned this in a previous review "This is one of the only spots I bring my car because they do the best job by far! I had an issue with a major ""spill"" let's call it (vomit) in my back seat. I have a brand new Mercedes so wasn't to happy. I brought it there to see what they could do. They detailed it for me and shampooed it. A few days later I still picked up a whiff of the odor. I brought it back and they shampooed it again for free and were so nice and accommodating. No charge. Big thanks to Jaime and Guillermo! Very professional and really nice guys! Recommend this place as they have always done an outstanding job." hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g Great customer service! Good job on car wash and will take care of anything needed if not!  I've had some bad experiences but today I was greeted by Nel who is absolutely the most fantastic employee I've ever encountered here. Please give him a raise so you keep him around." Always have to check the car before I pull away or bring it back. Only reason I give 2 stars is they are always quick to fix but how many times should that have to happen.  one of the salesmen was trying to sell me into getting my car waxed. The reason was because my car was going to have stains on it from sprinkler marks on it. Which seemed a little weird. The point is was he was trying to sell me to buy for having my car waxed. I did not get my car waxed 4. Your customers should not have to walk around the car and show you how shitty your work is. If you do this for a living you should be able to see that there is still dirt or water on the car. Have someone who knows what dirt  sometimes more. Even bought the $30 monthly membership. Then I was told today that even though I've had my car washed here 15-20 times it is suddenly ""too low"" for their tunnel. I was told by the attendant that even though I pay the $30 a month that now I have to pay an extra $10 each time I get it washed for the ""hand wash."" (""It's a great deal!!"" he said) I told the attendant that I wanted to cancel and he printed up a receipt and dropped it in my lap through the window and walked away. I went inside with every intent to cancel but thankfully the cashier was extremely helpful and informed me the Cobblestone in Mesa has a conveyor type tunnel that can accommodate lower cars. This location has not only lost MY business Ok so never once have these people done a good job.  Unfortunately with their location i keep reluctantly re-engaging.  When they should have apologized the managers justified the crappy work by saying that they do the best they can with the employees they have.  They will send my car through again a second time if I request but if I had two and a half hours and fifty dollars to spare Id do it myself and spend the savings at the nearby healthy habits massage." By far the worst car wash I have ever had. For $20 you would think they would wipe down the inside a little. I'm convinced if you don't buy whatever up sell they're trying to get you to buy you're getting a crappy wash. I'm mad I tipped. Never will return to this location. Go to the one on frank lloyd wright they know what they're doing.  HORRIBLE service.  We came to have our Lexas RX washed and the carpets shampooed cause we are selling the car.  Dropped it off and they said come back in hour.  We went to lunch and came back an hour later.  There was still several spots of bird poop and they had shampooed the carpets but didn't vacuum. So they said they would run it through again and vacuum the seats.  We said we would be back and went and ran some errands.  Another hour later we come back and there is still bird poop and the vacuuming just seemed to scatter the dirt around.  The carpets are still dirty.  We aren't difficult and trying to get something for nothing.  They agreed to shampoo and was the car for $50.  I expect the job to be done.  So we pointed out the bitd poop that we pointed out before.  They took it away again and shampooed the mats and vacuumed....again.  To come back and miss the front mats....it was a 4 hour process how to tell 5hem how to do their job.  Admittedly they did it there's a dunkin donut inside in case you do get your car hand washed. The hand wash is good. Not the best "Great service and wash.  I especially like that they now have vacuums so if you do the express you can vacuum it out as well.  Very efficient and gets you through quick.  I come back to this location because they take care of you and if they don't  since they stopped drying the cars. Then he starts berating me about how long ago I bought the booklet. He looks it up in the computer "Cobblestone gets 5 stars for the people they hire and the culture they create within the company. The managers and employees are cheerful and courteous. Sure there are little things that I may change Brought my car in for ultimate wash.  They did a superb job washing and cleaning inside my car.  This is my second time.  I would not go anywhere else.  Recommend everyone to bring your car in.  You'll be pleased with the service. "Had a bad experience with one of these ""full service"" car washed and I was actually looking for a self service car wash when I came to this one. I decided to give it a try and purchased the Supreme which is only one step up from the basic. To my surprise my car is actually pretty clean after they got done with it.  I still prefer doing the car wash on my own which I will have to find out where the entrance is because that's how I came to this car wash but somehow when I pulled in I was right at where the guys would ""take my order"". Anyway I will be back."  2015. I was the only vehicle in line to enter the wash at the time. I have a 2015 Nissan Murano the damage to my new car is horrible! The lies that came from Manager and the complete run around they're giving me to have my car fix is wasting time! Don't take your car to any of these so called Spa washes!!! The reason I went in was to wash off bird poop I had a horrible experience here. I got an exterior wash on my way out of town.  On my way to CA it started to rain. I turned on my rear wiper only to discover that it wasn't working. I pulled over to see what was going on and there was tape still stuck to my car holding the wiper still. I was gone for a couple of weeks. I went back to the car wash and asked if they could remove the tape residue that was from the tape they installed. The manager accused me of putting the tape on.  Why would I put tape on my car and hold my wiper. I wasn't asking for a complete detail. Nor was the manage even going to recommend a free wash due to their mistake. After about an hour of me not being polite anymore and calling the cooperate number he gave me. Which is a complete run around. Still waiting for my call back from them. The manager was completely unprofessional. Told me they don't put tape on cars. Funny as a separate employee had previously said ya that's why we stopped using tape a week ago.  The manager was not making this right. After I set there for an hour and refuse to leave the driveway for others to get by. The manager finally had his detailer remove the residue that his establishment left. Where has customer service gone. I wash 4-5 cars there a week and now will never return to a Cobblestone. They don't make their mistakes right and the cooperate won't even return my call.  I will not recommend a place that doesn't own their mistakes. No integrity. Run from this place! Unless you like high pressure sales!"  professional and friendly. I waited in comfort inside as he repaired the crack so the glass looks as good as new. I was in and out quickly and the employees were accommodating. I would go out of my way to come back!" "Always had a great experience with Cobblestone and they are my official go-to car wash!  Everyone was pleasant and my car receives a thorough bumper to bumper ""Ultimate Wash.""" Awesome staff!! Went through self wash to rinse off my car Friday 9/4/15 at lunch and vacuum. I had just gotten a new car and didn't know it auto locks. Sooo I locked myself out all the staff was very helpful and Shiloh finally got my car open in time for me to make it back to work. Thank you guys so much!! You're awesome.  I can find enough things to do to keep my busy for that long. At two hours I asked for an update at which point they told me it would be another hour. Why wouldn't they have told me a more accurate time or at least updated me when the time was longer than originally quoted? Terrible service and will not return."  they are usually new chips and nicks on the paint job which they totally deny is their fault." "Had my black truck detailed after it was damaged in the recent storm.  Carlos removed all of the the tree branch scuffs and got the paint looking like new.  It looks far better than when I had the dealer buff it out about a year ago.  Carlos was courteous A 1 star is a generous rating.  I went back because I didn't have all day to get my car washed and they gave me a prepaid gift card for the amount of the wash since I didn't have 4 hours to kill.  They always negotiate services and I got a wash and wax and detail  for $120 (which was the amount on my card) The attendant (Simon) wrote it up as a wash and headlight polish and said it would take about 2 1/2 hours.  I went to pay for it and they wouldn't accept the prepaid card because its only for what you are replacing.  The cashier went and got Simon and he said if you want what you ordered it would be $80 more.  I told him nope  Its not happening.  I called my son to pick me up and we went to lunch since I had 2 hours to kill. He dropped me off 3 hours later and they said it would be 2 more hours.  The attendant   said they basically lie to do the sale and he gets stuck with the angry customers.  The big problem that I had on the car was I had a 12 pack of coke explode in the car and needed it cleaned up.  They really didn't wipe down the dash and they didn't spot shot the ceiling which the salesman said they would do.  The wax job that they were going to do didn't even take off a price sticker off the trunk.  Shitty job all the way around.  I can't recommend this merely bankrupt company I am so impressed by the service and appreciate the care that the manager gives to make sure everything is done perfectly.  Thank you Guillermo! First time customer.  Went in for an oil change and car wash. The service was speedy and everyone was super friendly.  I will be a repeat customer and I will tell all my friends and family to go there. I have had nothing but the best experience here!! The staff is friendly and they really do a great job cleaning and washing your car! Specifically the people who finish your car after it comes through the wash! They work hard and fast to make your car look great! Today I had the pleasure of having Mistie up in the front check me out which she was beyond AWESOME and I also had Ginny help me as well who was me just as equally as awesome! For your glass repair needs you have Jason! Jason is so cool and he remembers you when you come back and that means a a lot! I recommend every one to come here! The best is when you pick up your car and you have Israel to and you on your way! He is always in a friendly mood and he always sends you home with a smile on your face! Thanks Cobblestone! Keep up the good work!  a  rag would have taken care of it .  I bought the Supreme Wash.  I wasn't wowed like I had hoped.  This is my first wash with my new (used) truck and was hoping for the wow factor.  I bought one step up from the cheapest car wash so maybe I should have bought a higher priced wash.  Since they missed some obvious dirt I am torn about this place.  Loved the staff and Dunkin Donuts but I am on the fence as to whether or not I will wash it myself in the future.  Maybe I should give them one more try...." "I Have the fast pass here and the great thing is that it works for hand washes! Free wifi and car wash  and 3 people cleaning cars. Been here almost 45 minutes now. I spend $80.00 a week at this place for 2 cars. What a waste  it's like driving her off the lot for the first time again! Thanks AJ for the recommendation and thanks to everyone who helped with the dirty work!"  but wasn't quite thorough enough for me. The worst part was a big puddle of product that was sprayed on my leather seat but never wiped down "The interior of my car could not have been in worse shape.  I was hesitant to even take it somewhere because it was so bad.  My daughter made arrangements for a complete interior/exterior detail.  We dropped the car off and when I picked it up I couldn't believe it was the same car!  As I was leaving I had a mechanical issue with a window (turns out not their fault) and spoke to Guillermo the following morning.  He explained what was wrong and I was at a loss as to how I would get it fixed especially on Christmas Eve.  Matt I do recommend if you need your car washed with some deal of effort to go to Johnson's Family Wash on Tatum just south of Cactus. It's the old Danny's Car Wash "I went for an oil change.  I got the highest upgraded car cleaning package with leather conditioning.  I asked if it included interior cleaning and he assured me it did.  My car had not been wiped down at ALL when I got it back.  I complained to the manager that said it wasn't included but he would send it over to detail if I wanted to wait and would tip them.  I agreed.  They wiped it down a bit but it was still a mess and even the exterior of my car was full of marks that didn't get cleaned properly.  I never mind paying for things  did not include engine and planned to use it at a later date. I spilt a Coke in the middle console on my way home from church Sunday which prompted me to get the detail done. I bring the car in let them know about the spill and the passenger seat. my son sat in something sticky and transferred it and his back jeans on to the seat. Sales guy says do I want to add buffing on for an extra charge  especially with Nel.  I was so happy he didn't try to push me for more then I needed or wanted and did what I wanted for a very reasonable price. I will be coming back now that I've been treated so well & feel like I will continue to get exceptional service here."  drinks and miscellaneous items for sale. The seating can't be beat! Nice cushioned chairs and couches and plenty of them."  I get breakfast at Dunkin donuts ." As a ride share driver for Lyft I get dirty carpets. Stopped on a monday morning no lines no waiting and asked about it. They were very friendly with limited annoying upsell and offered to clean all carpets and mats plus a basic car wash for $49.99. They have a Dunkin donuts on site while u wait. Car was taken to detail area after wash and 2 people hand shampooed the carpets and cleaned all up nicely. Recommend. They are so bad they shouldn't be able to call themselves a car wash. My windshield is actually dirtier than when I got there. The place is awful!!!  but try to keep it in good running order. I like to change the oil even when it is not necessarily due. I was able to pull in immediately and was friendly greeted by Matt. He examined the old sticker from another place saying the oil change was due in November "My 7 and 9 yr old could have done better in less time and with muddy paws. Regret being upsold and also buying that future wash. Dont do it.  Extra services and addons are supposed to make the car look better Went to get gas today and my fianc slipped and fell on the diesel fuel on the ground near the pump. Went inside to alert the manager and he said I'm sorry but we aren't liable if you fall I said yes you are. He said no if someone falls on the curb its not our fault. And this is what you call customer service! No offer of towels to get the fuel off my fiance clothes. Had to go in again to ask for towels and the jerk ass manager said he would get them and never came back. He was too busy looking cool to care about a potential hazard! Carlos the manager is a jerk! I am always so thankful to come here! I used to live right down the street and now travel across town to come. They are not only very friendly but do a great job and I never have to worry about my car or being over charged. Matt is always smiling and is always so helpful!  sand along the floor of the back seat. They didn't eve clean/wipe the dirty cup holders or door handles. Still dirt and much along entire the bottom on the exterior of the car. Oh and dead bugs on the wundshield. I wasn't a 219.00 detail job for what I paid but come on. It's a scion xb. Not some gigantic suv. How much time would it had taken to be just a little more thorough in your work? The topper? They asked me what scented I wanted for the car and didn't put it in. What was the point of asking me?" "I always enjoy getting my car washed here. Everyone is so friendly and courteous.  My car comes out squeaky clean and smelling awesome. Don't misread the other reviews indicating their car was dirty etc. you get what you pay for. When you pay for a ""basic"" wash what do you expect to get a detail? I have been a customer of cobblestone for over 7 years and have never had a ""dirty"" car when I got in it after the wash. Management is so friendly as well AND... I've spent almost 45 minutes online looking for account access so I can cancel and/or modify. I have yet to find it."  slowly warming up to the idea. I still hate the 7a-6p hours and the website needs LOTS of work. Suggestion: Make the website easier to select other services and change service levels." Shout out to Matt from cobblestone. Pulled in with blown tire and Matt immediately had me pull up and swapped out bad tire for the spare.  He was such big help. I would deff come back based on great customer service exp. Here. I still expect a call from the Manager."  I mean TERRIBLE car wash. I foolishly purchased ""the works"" and when I got home I had to wash the interior myself. Before I left I looked through the car and pointed out that the surfaces had not been wiped down and it obviously wasn't vacuumed well. These complaints were basically ignored till I got frustrated and left. Either get your car detailed or wash it yourself (you'll have to anyway) but don't waste your money going to Cobblestone." Just wanted you to know that Scotty always provides amazing service!  My husband and I are 97 & 89 and he treats us so well. He is really great. "What a scam. Sign on the street says $3 exterior wash. 50 cents off gas with carwaah purchase.  Was charged  $5.99 for wash and received only 10 cents a gallon off gas purchase. Bait and switch.  Car still had bugs on the front.  They got once I got home to finish removing the wax and saw they had not removed much of the oxidation on my headlights either."  value and customer service of any car wash I've been through.  Scott has personally greeted me the last couple times and through this little bit of extra customer service I've became a bigger fan of Cobblestone.  A+ rating for Scott and the Team at Cobblestone!" "Really love this carwash for the express wash; especially having a toddler that won't sit still for an actual sit-and-wait carwash. The prices are great and the carwash always look so nice for being a drive-through wash. Each time we come we happen to get Scott who is always so friendly and helpful to us. We've been to the other Cobblestone off Pima  friendly and warm. His joyous personality radiated and his customer service knocked my socks off. Left with a sparkling car and a smile plastered on my face. Shall definitely return!" "Had a flat tire on the NB 51 on Friday afternoon June 03 when temperature was 114 degrees.  Limped off the freeway at the Bell Rd exit and pulled in to shaded area of Cobblestone to change out the tire.  As I was removing spare tire and jack from vehicle "I had a great experience today. I'm usually reluctant to stop for a car wash because of high pressure sales. Scott Koeppen took care of me. He was friendly and easy going. Scott did offer me a book of car washes at a discounted rate and I accepted. There was no badgering He will always treat you right and are sure you get the service and quality you've been looking for and deserve. He's a RealvAmeriCAN not an AmeriCAN'T get er done no BS kind a guy. Try him you will love him I guarantee!" hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g I bought the unlimited car washes and visit about 3 times weekly. Scott always greets me happily. Thanks for being so attentive. Since signing up as a monthly subscribers and with the way they always are attentive to the needs for keeping my car neat and clean. I have achieved continuos compliments for the way car looks. Which in turn has warned me compliments on my ratings with uber for being one of the best uber rides a person has taken. Thanks for all the hard work and keep up the good work. hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g  so of course I had to go check it out for myself - sure enough all of the positive reviews mentioning him were 100% spot on! I will definitely be a returning customer because of Scott and his team! They go the extra mile in customer service and with the quality of work done! Truly appreciated the cleaning of the small areas inside my car which are most often overlooked at other places! Scotts energy is contagious and he greeted me with the biggest smile! He is not your typical sales guy pushing you to add on packages I've been going to this location for quite a while and I am appreciative everytime I recieved good service from any establishment by writing a review or feedback. This is the 1st time a quality control supervisor took a look at the job done and ensured it is within or above their standards and most of all the standards of the customer. I will not be that particular of the details but a shout out to Scott Koeppen for the job well done!  and they do a great job every time. Best cobblestone I've been to in the valley. Plus they hook up veterans on holidays They claim it to be spot free but it isnt. My windshield had a lot of spots. Thats because the time your car spends in the air dry section is not enough.  everywhere.  I did this intentionally so that everyone could see how badly they do. But if I were to pay the extra $$ for the ""mud package""  and always have the supplies for all types of vehicles in stock.    The managers Matt and Scott always make sure you are happy before you leave.   I have 8 different vehicles and they all come here for regular maintenance." This is my favorite location! Great oil change service and have the factory items needed for my newer car that the dealer has. Matt and his team are prompt and courteous and take the time to answer questions and help plan for future car maintenance. Great service great price and super fast! Also convenient hours as only place open on a Sunday evening! Def recommend!!!  I didn't want a sympathy wash. I wanted a genuine experience and that's what I got.)"  I will send them here without fail - and John and the guys at Cathedral have always come through by totally taking care of anyone I send to them. In a business filled with some sketchy practices "This place was recommended to me from a co-worker. Most of the company now brings their car's here. These guys are great 000  mile tune up. They only had  the car  for  the  day  and the  price was  very  fair. I have  always taken my Forrester  to  the dealer but  not  any more ! I will be taking  my  car to John and Shane from  now  on !"  both John and Shane went above and beyond their scope of work without adding to the bill; Why? Because it was important to them to make sure everything was perfect. I recently took my car in without an appointment because  due to the engine light coming on. John did the diagnosis "I would say it's been very hard to find an auto mechanic I feel I can trust. These guys I do. I took my vehicle to them thinking I needed my alternator replaced. I was convinced I needed a new one. After inspecting my SUV they told me my alternator was fine. After much trouble shooting  and have also been bringing their cars here for years.  I'm about to take my car in for some regular maintenance work knowing that the prices are fair It is hard enough when something is going wrong with a vehicle.  Whatever the news is going to be I have had great and honest service here and have been going to them for years.  They have always given me an estimate before they fix anything.  The service is fast and they will work with you on dates.  In the past they drove me home and picked me back up when I didn't have a ride.  I really like this place. How many places in Phoenix can you have a broken air conditioner ...drop your truck off to have it fixed.... and when you pick it up they not only have it fixed but there's no charge!!!! They said there was a little labor involved but no parts needed so they didn't charge us anything..... This place was referred to me by some friends who said you'll be pleasantly surprised.... Unbelievable!!!! Shane and his crew more than ten years.  We will never go anywhere else. Believe it!!"  I try to save the big repairs for when I visit family in Phoenix. That way I can take my Mazda 3 to Cathedral. I trust Shane and his crew to do the job right and give me a square deal. They just replaced my broken AC compressor "I am an old gentleman on a fixed budget and an old car that needed some freon for my car as it is very hot out.  I was never contacted so when I called a day later they said ""your car has been done since yesterday"" Well thank you so much for calling me and giving me an $800 dollar bill before you ever asked me because you said my car needed a new ""condenser"" I don't even know what that is? On top of everything else "We have used John and Shane quite a bit and they are great. Honest and hard working. My husband has quite a few old cars and they tale care of them for us when needed!  Great guys Had my trans serviced on my work vehicle. Fair price. No attempt at trying to up sell me.  I have been going to kens since 1987  I purchased another used van (the Caravan gone to the Dodge graveyard in the Sky!) and I took it to them for a transmission check  and this was the SECOND vechicle we've brought here.  My husband brought an old truck in here about 7 years ago and was satisfied back then.  This place has been around a long time.  Hopefully we won't need to be back  and very knowledgeable. Their price was significantly lower than the rest (about 20 other shops that we called) and they included a warranty. I got my truck back and it is running like a champ! I am so very pleased and will recommend them to any family member or friend. Phil was wonderful to work with and Ken was great too!"  drove it to Blythe and had it installed there so he could continue his trip. Shortly after being installed it started having problems again so limped back to Phoenix to have Kens look at it. There was some concern the issues were caused by the shop in Blythe who installed the new transmission but Kens said don't worry about anything and simply took care of the repair free of charge. This is an honest shop that does the right thing for the customer even if it wasn't their mistake. Very happy with how they handled this and will use them again. Highly Recommend." "These guys are AWESOME!!!!  Competitive prices and I had my truck back the same day! If you need tranny work  pay attention to all of their staff...everyone stands around with their hands in their pockets... all the while they are looking for a way to scam you. Its hilarious to sit and listen to what they would tell every customer Standard warranty is 1 year on parts and 3 months labor.  They will try to sell you on providing 1 year labor for around $20 extra." I went into this location yesterday and stood around for 20 min waiting to be helped. Finally got tired of waiting and went personally to the garage and found 1 guy doing work and the other off on his phone texting. I explained how i had been waiting and what the issue was with my car. All this for him to tell me to go see Matthew. Matthew was no where in site! Ugh finally said screw everyone and ill just tow my car home. This location will never receive my business. I had a little bit of trouble tracking someone down to help me in the beginning but once it got started everything ran smoothly. They even came in and gave me an update half way through!"  my vehicle was ready.  They get two starts for completing the service they are just rude and don't want to take time with a PAYING COSTUMER. The service men are always messing around and they are just as useless as the people running the place inside. They messed up my warranty on my car battery and wouldn't help me change anything because the guy that sold it to me didn't work there anymore so there was ""nothing they could do about it'. AND THEN they mess up the charges at the end One word SLOW appointments are worthless. You arrive 15 minutes early and get in 45 minutes late. They say 45 minutes to an hour it takes 2 hours. Went in for a simple battery purchase and swap. Prices were very reasonable. I was quoted 45-60 minutes for them to replace the battery. I drove away from the garage 14 minutes after I walked in the front door. It was a very pleasant experience and I appreciated the fact that they really hustled to take care of the replacement quickly. This was one of the best experiences I've had getting any kind of service on my car.  loss of power or all of the other symptoms of a blown head gasket. It's an expensive repair and one they seem to love suggesting you need done. They found I am leaking coolant from my water pump which seems like a reasonable diagnosis. Your service guy needs a little lesson in tact in letting people know they're car needs a lot of work too." "bought tires a few years ago and they said they would be in in 2 days when in and not there and that happen 2 more times. then they finally got it on about 3 weeks later i hit a nail close to my side wall and the tire had less than 100 miles. they decided they could patch it. i also go the road hazard warranty. about 4 months later i hit a nail 2 inches from were the other nail was equivalent to. they said they would give me a premium tire.  walked out and never went back. so the moral of my storie is  because the computer didn't accept it and the manager had to be called over.  He took a little bit of time having to research the coupon details but in the end he gave me the discount.  The two gentleman that helped me that day were kind  he was just doing his job.  But nowadays it's getting more rear to see people get the small details right when it comes to helping customers."  so I was waiting at the tire service counter with one person in front of me and another behind me. The advisor who was helping the person in front of me said to me I'll be with you in just a moment sir  and I went to this pep boys to get an oil change and tire rotation. The customer service rep was awesome!! However it took an hour and a half because ""I had to take a lot of stuff off and this car is really new"" in the words of the mechanic. And the icing on the cake was that he couldn't figure out how to reset the oil change light and that I need to take it to the dealer and have them do it. Awesome. I have always gone to pepboys in California and they have never had an issue with this. Looks like the manager of this location needs to evaluate the training of his employees." rtzWtF_2D73oHP1WoqGaAg "My battery died and had purchased at pep boys and forgot the receipt! Tried looking up but couldn't find but Gene was so nice he actually believed me! That is rare... He put new Battery in car and said there you are... No charge...he prorated to date I told him purchased and am good for couple years! Thanks Gene  Maunel for help. He is polite and apologized for the wait. I aka for an oil change and rotation and ask for my fluids to be topped off. He says there's a 45 min wait and I said just call me when it's finished. An hour and a half goes by and no call. Manuel's at lunch and so a guy checks us out. He is nice and friendly. He confirmed all the work was done that I asked. But next day oil light comes on and the fluids aren't filled. So much for that. Called manager and they said they needed to see the car to confirm there was no oil in it. Some service! Oh and they told me they don't actually fill fluids up so if you want full service or good service better try elsewhere!" I went with my sister to to this location for a potential brake service done on her car. I felt as though the employees deliberately ignored our presence. The employees were rude and facetious when they spoke with us about our car issue. I will NEVER come back to this location again because I have never seen employees have so much contempt towards customers. We left without making a purchase because we did not want to support this establishment.  in a rude demeanor... There was one car on lift with 3 mechanics... I can change my own oil in 45 minutes... The fact that they couldn't do it in 30 blows my mind... I am also in the market for some new tires that I would have purchased here  went in for rear struts and quoted me 580 for both front and rear. After 6 hours of waiting they called me saying the front are done but the rears need to be done for an additional 500 dollars. After constant bickering back and forth with no customer service once so ever. They misquoted me the price and still couldnt lower the price. This is the exact reason i hate going to get my car fixed at places with no integrity." Then we read loses these people are just here to extort money from the customers rather than helping them truly! Never going to them ever again!" "I want to start off by saying this happened four years ago so I am not sure if they have changed since then. I went in to get my car checked out because it wasn't starting and I had no idea why. The mechanic called me with a quote for $850 and said that the distributor needed to be rebuilt along with warranties and fees etc... The sad thing is if I had had enough money to fix it then I probably would of paid it. I didn't have the money so I told them that I would come back to get the car. I went back with AAA and they towed the car back to my house. I went and looked under the hood and to my surprise my car was torn apart. They had not put anything back together that they took apart when diagnosing it. I had no idea what fell out and what stayed on the ride home because some pieces were just loose laying in different spots in my engine compartment. Well I ended up having to go back down there and talk to a manager who told me they would put it back together for me(I was a bit reluctant at this point to trust these guys with my car but I didn't have much of a choice). They put it back together and had my car towed back home. I ended up researching the problem on auto MD and it said that it was the distributor cap and rotor that needed replaced($20 as opposed to $850). The problem was the screws that were holding them together before were gone because my car wasnt put back together. I ended up having to send away for the screws from toyota. I put the cap and rotor back on and VOILA IT WORKED! There was nothing wrong with my distributor and I was so happy to have saved myself from getting completely screwed by these guys. By the way   if you were to  purchased it at the same store at the parts counter.  Moving down the road to a new home for car repair. Heard Pep Boys has changed owners liked the old owner's way of doing business new Pep Boys not for me"  I noticed that both ""Emergency Exit"" doors were blocked by table and chairs. Would not surprise me if on his next visit the Fire Marshall takes note of it." So if you buy a set of brakes from them and you install one set yourself but ran out of time to do the other they won't touch your car. So that means they never sell one tire? It was their brake pads i bought yesterday so its not like i came in with 3D printed pads. Funny thing about these shops. They want your business and then in the same breath give you the business! I came in asking about car fuses for my hard wire radar detector and had a bunch of questions and was taken care of. I will be back for future purchases. Thanks guys.  went to Midas on 90th and nearby Sun Devil. They were great!" "Horrible customer service. Although some try to help customers while the other employees screw around. I got a quote for a $2500 service repair they recomended. All while I was waiting for an oil change. My car is not worth that price. I did not explode and called them out as liars. I just kept quiet looked at what they said needed repairs for my car. I know my car  I really appreciate what you've done! Nova Days finding a combination of a high level professionalism and great customer service skills is rare!!"  found the defect.  Would not do anything because their warranty prorates tires where competitors replace the tires. They basically give you $20 credit and then tell you that they no longer sell these tires and recommend a Michelin at 2x the price. Then tell me I need to pay for another mount and balance as well. This is a HORRIBLE place to buy tires. I told the sales guy it would be the last time I would set foot in a Pep Boys and I wouldn't be recommending them to ANYONE ate my money and no car wash :(  and trust me I'm in the transportation business and my car have to cleaned daily My favorite car wash as I like to support the Mom and Pops establishments.  Sometimes I wish they had more help.  It can be a good 45 minute wait. "This car wash is amazing. The staff work hard and wash the cars all by hand. They are reasonable and do a wonderful job. I will come here "You can't get a better hand wash for $8. These guys worked really hard washing my exterior thoroughly 3-4 times . They cleaned my interiors incl dashboard  I found my future mechanic from here on out-" A would strongly reccommend Frank and Feeny Auto.  They have worked on both mine and my wife's car.  They are quick and straightforward.  It is hard to believe that we are so lucky to have found such a great mechanic  I have no idea what I'm talking about but I remember them saying something about a charcoal canister...).  I called Lexus and getting the part from them would've been $800 (plus labor!).  So Frank offered to call around to see if he could find it used.   It took a couple days Tomorrow I will have to spend the day with my son helping fix his distributor to get his car up to spec.  I have known the owner for a long time as a friend and as a mechanic and am terribly disappointed in his response and his handling of this situation." Frank and his son Franics are class acts as well as Chris the service advisor. all great people and they are very fast on the work they do and I would highly recommend them  cheaply and explain everything! Family owned and Chris Honest mechanic shop with great labor rates. I had the best experience. "This place charges $90 an hour for labor-kind of ridiculous. Granted they did warn me about my struts going bad and they were right about my air filter needing changed. It wound up being like $200 to get my filter and like new fluids in my car. They told me my struts for just front were going to like $1000  and go to the Car Healers = Feeney Automotive on Bell. :)" "These guys are top notch. If you need a transmission rebuilt or serviced 000. I came here and Bill brought it right in. He called me 30 minutes later and my car was done. Turned out to be the fuel filter and he didn't even charge me for it. Amazing shop After hearing bad news from Aamco transmission of black Canton Road they said my transmission have to be for me like that and more than likely have to get fixed with a couple grand I decided to go to state to state transmission just for an opinion that opinion cost me only $100 bill drove my car hooked up to the machine to my car and fix my problem my car is running great transmission still in there it's just very reassuring that you can actually go to the shops and have honest guys actually tell you the truth about what's going on I definitely recommend going to state to state transmission if you have any issues like that it was awesome man. Don't hesitate to give Bill a call and hire him to do your transmission work.  What is an honest transmission mechanic who knows how to do things right worth?  If you've ever had the wrong guy doing your repairs Great service with great people who really seem genuine. A top repair shop of AAA and very timely service They gave me an estimate $150 cheaper than 2 other shops and the final bill was $50 cheaper than the estimate.  Have not had a problem with the car since.  their ""diagnostics"" test was going to cost $105!  And that wouldn't have been waived if I had the service completed there!  I had to pass....free diagnostics test are available everywhere  all the way.  Very pleased with my visit to Kelly Clark on Bell.  They diagnosed the problem (not what I thought I had brought it in for) and stuck to the estimated price.  Prompt service from shuttle driver who is an awesome ambassador for their company.  They didn't try to sell me anything additional other than asking if I was due for an oil change while I was there.  Courteous personnel "We took our car here to be repaired. They said it was our brain .  We told them we did not want a re -manufactured part and they agreed to provide a ford brain . When we picked up  we asked them if this was the new ford brain . He stated it was  Kelly Clark has very graciously offered to repair our vehicle free of charge. We are very thankful to them and that we can still have Kelly service our vehicles. They stand behind their work !!!!! We appreciate them. We will stay loyal customers  models & brands of cars and have helped out my friends as well. I highly recommend Kelly Clark Automotive Specialists." UPDATE 2: 26 months - and 48k miles later - this car has only had one repair: a stuck lug nut. Meaning  FAR AWAY. This place WILL rip you off" I couldn't recommend them more!" Simply the best staff and service by far!!! Mitchell help me with a major gas leak immediately bc dangerous gas fumes were coming into my car. Thank God they did. I didn't even have to wait around for hours bc they provided my family a ride home and picked me back up when it was done! Thanks Benny! Ur a wonderful and great guy "So far so good...had a brake job and oil change and very very satisfied. They completed the car repairs when promised  Mitchell Rosowitz and he shot me straight and gave me a price for repairs and recommendations for other repairs needed without pressure. I only had so much money to work with so Mitchell gave me a discount and All is good with my Jeep!!" Went there for 2 problem the main problem was fixed but costly. Second problem said a/c composer need to be replaced 1200 dollars so had second opinion was actually the fan 165 dollars.   Nice that they checked for the real problem never going back there.  they explain everything and treat you with patience and some respect. Problem is they sell you so much BS and unnecessary fixes. I took my car to a mechanic friend right before and I didn't need half of what they recommended. Kelly Clark is also quite late compared to when they say the car will be ready. But the biggest issue is the price. WOW You decide which is worse." Now I wonder how many thousands I could have saved going elsewhere for over 10 years."  I wonder how many thousands I could have saved if I had only gone to an honest shop with decent employees. Time to find out!"  so no emissions test for her today Their explanation  "" we only do one thing at a time"" what a sorry states of affairs."  because I'm perpetually poor. I figure you're paying for quality though. So if you've got the dough "Neil does an excellent job with my car and is always honest and to the point. For any serious repair work  was presented with estimate of $84.95 for a 15K service that said it included all 3 things listed above in addition to some other things. I signed the estimate.  Upon completion of work  Toyota and our 2 Infinitis.  We have always had the best exceptional service from them and they have always been very honest if work needed to be done but wasnt a dire necessity.  We could never go anywhere else!"  you get what you pay for. They have been servicing my SUV for quite some time; now it has over 223  which is to be expected at a Lexus dealer. A few years ago I took my LS430 across the street to ToyoMotors and have been going there ever since. The first time I went there they diagnosed and repaired an alignment issue that had been plaguing me since I got the car I was very happy and will continue to service my car at ToyoMotors Auto Care." I have been a regular customer with ToyoMotors and I must say that the work that is performed on my 2002 Toyota Tundra has been Awesome. This Team is very professional in the work being done and I will always be a customer of theirs. When repairs are done the service manager explains what was found and what repairs were made. Most shops give a reciept and take your money and out the doors you go unlike toyomotors where everything is explained. The owner Neil Geesey is Awesome and running this company with all the Best intentions. If you need Quality Professional work done on your vehicle you need to contact Toyomotors before calling anyone else. "I feel confident about taking my car to Toyo Motors. I feel I am getting an honest opinion on what my car repairs needs are. The customer lobby area is clean and comfortable. The customer service is always warm and inviting. Yes "My dad is a mechanic and for the first time in my life I had to worry about my car. It literally stopped in the middle of the road. Toyo gave me an honest diagnosis. They were extremely helpful  was great to work with. Neil the owner obviously knows how important it is to have quality people working for his company. I will highly recommend Toyomotors to my friends and family."  was great to work with. Neil the owner obviously knows how important it is to have quality people working for his company. I will highly recommend Toyomotors to my friends and family." If your not sure if you are getting the straight story from a repair shop  knowledgeable and you are not wondering if they are ripping you off. Brian was able to review some proposed work the dealer recommended. While I believe ""you get what you pay for"" and wouldn't necessarily want the cheapest deal i could find This place is awesome. I can't say enough how impressed I was with their customer service and the quality of their work. Great people.  it's continues to be my ""hometown autoshop""  (think Cheers in Boston...everyone knows your name!).  I feel like family each time I take one of our 4 cars in for maintenance or service.  I admire their professionalism and honesty; I know if something is recommended for repair it is with just cause and I never hesitate to complete the service.  I feel confident and safe in all my vehicles.   I have taken advantage of their pre-purchase evaluation and have avoided a purchase that would have been a bad decision; I also purchased a used car from a local large dealer with the contingency that I would have this purchase evaluation performed at Toyomotors.  When Neil and his team found several items needing repair  I am going to give them FIVE stars rating and will be their customer for life!" I will take all my vehicles there from now on!" These guys are as honest and trustworthy as they come.  I have 2 vehicles serviced here on a regular basis and have always founds them to be helpful and the service to be top notch!  Kudos Toyo!  I am out the $500 repair cost that Toyota would have reimbursed me had they provided me with  an invoice that clearly showed how much I paid for parts and labor.  Thanks Toyo Motors.  That will be my last visit here.  Hopefully they respond better to their other customers who need their help."  I did receive a phone call and feel my concern was satisfied." I shall remain their customer for life!" "I called to have my rear window regulator replaced and the service was amazing! Not only could they accommodate to my schedule "Great experience so far in over 4 different visits. They're by far the most knowledgeable mechanics that I've encountered when dealing with hybrids. Prior to ToyoMotors Great Affordable Service! These Guys are honest and are very affordable! Way better than going to the dealership and paying double for the same services! Would recommend to anyone! Puts the dealership to shame!"  they will be the only one who works on it. I am always shocked and relieved at how little repairs cost there and they are professional Nothing more to say...Excellent service in every way. Take your vehicle to ToyoMotors without hesitation!  costs and then actual charges.  I recommend them to all of our friends.  They also will give you a ride to and from your house if you live close enough." "Have had my cars serviced here for the last few years. I can't say I'm wild about what they charge - but they are true to their estimates. They do good work You should look elsewhere."  plus I needed a bunch of other stuff totaling $1100. I wanted a second opinion and took it somewhere else where they said there was no line leak only a bad o-ring. Walked out with an $85 tab vs $1100"  courteous and caring look no further. They have always bent over backwards to meet our needs and stay on quote. Simply the best."  or if it's a problem that can wait (I'm not made of money!). I bring it in for monitoring and oil changes regularly and I know I can trust them to tell me when it's time to really fix'er up. They also don't charge for unnecessary work or charge us just to take a look at the issue. If it's something we don't feel like fixing Went in for an oil change and to get a headlight bulb changed out. Was quoted $1200 because apparently so many other things were wrong with the car. We took it elsewhere and got everything we required done for $34 Robyn and Bill are awesome!!!" These are folks you can trust.  We've been coming here for years for all of our repairs.  The people here are trained technicians who know their stuff  oh & tightened a hose clamp. Absolutely BLOWN AWAY by these guys! Best place in town 