 and we've known many people that have been satisfied customers for a long time. Switching all of our direct deposits and auto-debits was actually easier than I thought. We just had to peruse our bank records to see the recurring transactions and make a few quick calls to those companies. Desert Schools has also made some technological strides even in the few years that we've been banking with them. They have a great mobile app and their ATMs accept the envelope-free cash and check deposits. If you need to go inside and talk to someone they are relatively quick  the WRONG number on purpose after we exchanged words.... That's got to be illegal and she needs to be fired. Then she even has the nerve to freeze my account while I'm out of town and can't go into a branch when they're clearly in the wrong.. Grow up and get better employees. I'm making sure everyone knows how I feel about this credit union. I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future."  and it makes it seem like they are more about inconveniencing members than actually preventing fraud. I discovered this on a trip to Michigan a few years ago. I went to check in at my hotel and my card came back declined. I had plenty of money in my account so I knew it had to be a bank problem. So when I got through after a rather lengthy wait on hold "Lately the ATM hasn't been working. I have to go inside and wait in order to withdraw money. The teller told me the ATM is  old and something inside is worn out. She also said they don't plan to replace it. What kind of business would not maintain and/or replace worn-out equipment. It may sound like a small issue but it's frustrating that they just let the problem go on and on.. It says something very negative about the organization. I hate to switch but I probably will So needless to say I was extremely disappointed and I will be closing all of my Desert Schools accounts and taking my money to a Credit Union that can ACTUALLY help me. Eat A modicum of decency would have been nice  I didn't receive any thorough explanations about where my money was going (there wasn't any proof that my money went into an account it just kinda disappeared. I went to the ATM and got a statement to prove it was actually in there!) The best part about it was the option for free checking and the option to exempt yourself from overdraft protection which I LOVE." I'm also happy they are open on Saturdays!"  the WRONG number on purpose after we exchanged words.... That's got to be illegal and she needs to be fired. Then she even has the nerve to freeze my account while I'm out of town and can't go into a branch when they're clearly in the wrong.. Grow up and get better employees. I'm making sure everyone knows how I feel about this credit union. I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future." Went in yesterday to set up an account and Irene was fantastic. You can tell she enjoys her job and that she really cares about her customers. After I deposited my cash she noticed my checks that I didn't give her to deposit..  She asked if I wanted to deposit those as well. I really appreciated her awareness that I was slacking in  they can be a good alternative to big banks for individual consumers. They will make you open a $25 minimum savings account to become a member Be smart take you money out and run." 