This shop was great. Knowledgable people who are good and fast at their job. I was given updates throughout my visit on the status and how long it would be. I will be using again when the need arises. I wish they were mechanics too." Would very much recommend the great work they do here and the friendliness of the staff." "Fred and crew did a fantastic job repairing and restoring my beautiful 12 year old brown leather sofa (nearly destroyed by three very active boys).  It really does look (and smell) just like NEW!  They kept me informed I contacted them to replace the springs on my  leather couch. At first they seemed really helpful and interested in the work. I talked to the owner who was supposed to call me back to schedule when to come look at the couch and take it to their shop. That phone call never happened. I even called and left a message with the receptionist and he never called back. So the next day I called again and talked to him. He didn't care at all that he didn't call me back. He flatly told me that he was busy and that I was 1 of 20 people he needed to call or that had called him. Great that he is that busy but if he continues to disregard potential customers like he did me he won't be busy for much longer. i found leather like new from the yelp reviews and fred is wonderful! he picked up my couch cushion and even delivered it back to me! he did a great job repairing it and was so sweet to teach me how to clean my couch as well. his staff was also very nice and helpful! i would def recommend leather like new to anyone! give fred a try you wont be disappointed!  and honestly lied to about when I would get calls back.  I have called and left messages about my dissatisfaction.  I HAVE NOT RECEIVED ANY CALLS OR EXPRESSIONS OF REMORSE IN REGARDS TO HOW I HAVE BEEN TREATED.  Fred will not be busy for long.  I will never be recommending his services  and another requiring leather treatment.  All of the work was done quickly and expertly.  Fred and the team were professional and courteous.  I have no idea how they made the leather chair 'like new' but they did it.  We've had the furniture back in our house for a few weeks now and I am 100% satisfied."  the owner is a true professional.  These guys know what they are doing.  I would trust them with any sort of leather no matter the uniqueness of the piece or the severity of the damage. Keep it up guys!"  and even the loaner couch we were given was very nice. It's very rare for  our expectations to be met in terms of quality of work and customer service when dealing with service companies dawAnASHIDi1CQ7y9_tOgw  so I thought I'd have them cleaned and conditioned. The company that came over to clean them said they were beyond repair. Leather Like New was recommended and both pieces now look good as new...I kid you not. It's unbelievable what they did to each piece. Thanks guys for an amazing and incredible job."  we got a call that they where ready for pick-up. The stools look absolutely amazing! I'm a total perfectionist and still can't believe how good they look. We had also planned to take the stools to an upholstery shop to have the backs recovered. But Leather Like New took care of that as well. Thank you Fred  is virtually like BRAND NEW. This Fred is some kind of miracle worker with leather. Highest possible rating: a very good business!!!!!!" Cant give more than one star when the owner's website is not viewable on android phones and tablets. They did an amazing job- and we could not be happier with the results!!!!  Great customer service!  and two living room) I had reupholstered are beautiful. I am thrilled with the quality professionalism of this business. They made many trips out to my house to give me quotes  and everyone was professional and friendly. Had four couches done and it exceeded my expectations for price and quality of work. Would highly recommend." 