 I have had my 09 Jeep Wrangler and my 99 Tahoe into j and l they have always done a awesome job on either one of them hats off to chuck and the boys keep up the great work!!!!!"  let me know the issues that they found and did an amazing job at pointing out which ones were major and which ones were so minor that they wouldn't even recommend getting them fixed at this point. Very fair price and they don't try to up sell or push anything on the customer.." In the mean time they asked me if I could bring the truck in right away. I was able to. They were able to get the bars installed in less than a half an hour and expedited the process by having 2 people work on it.  All in all Very disappointed in this operation. I had emergency lights installed on my jeep and after I left I started looking at them and they are crooked. The brackets they used to install the lights were black metal. They spray painted them with a light coat but they it will take no time for them to rust. Plus they were cut crooked also. Biggest disappointment was they smoked in my vehicle while installing. Now ever time I get in I smell cigarettes. Will never do business with them again. This shop was great. Knowledgable people who are good and fast at their job. I was given updates throughout my visit on the status and how long it would be. I will be using again when the need arises. I wish they were mechanics too." Would very much recommend the great work they do here and the friendliness of the staff." The staff has always been extremely friendly and helpful and helped with solving a number of car project problems over the years.   Way to go So-Cal and I hope to be there Sat morning." This is a great shop to find the sexi Billet items for your ride. Purchased an Polished serpentine set up for my SBC and some other dress up items and billet interior parts. Great selection and knowledgable staff. A little over priced for certain things so do your do-diligence and compare prices. "Visiting AZ to get away from the North Dakota winter. Needed some parts for my Rat Rod along with some So Cal clothing. Great staff that was very helpful Lived here my whole life and didn't know this place existed.  Came here for a few small items.  This is the only sped shop I've ever been to where the staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  They stock a lot of stuff you will never find anywhere else.  They will be getting as much of my business as I can give them! This place is amazing!  Anything you need part wise and much more.  Staff knows a ton about the business and is always willing to help out.  Great place for car buffs  avoid a guy named Frank who claims to have over twenty years experience and works out of his garage on Griswald!!!!!) who screwed my car up badly!!!!!  James and Murray fixed it up and charged me a fair price for all the work they did.  I would recommend them to anyone who needs this kind of work done on their car." Had to have car seat repaired because seam was coming undone.  Schedule a time with James. They got it done same day just like they promised. Work looks good.  Shop is really cool and old school.  Lots of cool old cars around.  These guys are the real deal.  Almost makes me want to put in a whole new interior just to have an excuse to use them again (but not willing to spend the $2k to have it done). "Had a small piece of my beige driver's seat replacesd due to a small hole beginning from wear.  Beige is SO DIFFICULT to match.   Top shop did an amazing job....replaced the piece and matched it perfectly.  Great friendly staff and finished as promised.    Highest recommendation.  If you need this sort of work done Great job on redoing the top on our Mitsubishi. Fast and very friendly service. You guys rock! Keep up the good work. Love the VW's too! 