I wouldn't trust these guys to paint a tricycle. Whatever you were thinking of getting done... DON'T DO IT THERE." "I just picked up my vehicle from Maaco on N. Tryon today and am very disappointed in the quality of its paint job. There is paint on the grill and damage from where the tape was removed. Pin striping was to be done. The body shop worker assured me that they would be able to do this. Today (the day my car is ready for pick-up) is when I was notified that this would not be an option. This is the second vehicle I have taken to this Maaco. Both cars left the shop looking worse than they did when they entered. Customer service leaves much to be desired. I would stay far  the pricing was extremely fair and they finished 2 days earlier than we expected. Will definitely go back if we ever need their service and I would highly recommend them to anyone!" Truly the worst customer experience ever. Wow. Beyond unprofessional. Purely shady." The process of finding the best payment options has been smooth In other words stick with the reputable shops to get a decent job done We saved about $200 to replace the front bumper for our Honda van by having the work done here versus the dealer.  Looks as good as new and they stuck by their estimate.  and saved me $$$!! Only had the rental car for three days. Offered an alternative to a large scratch that occurred on my red charger and saved me at least $1000--and car looks great! Thanks and will recommend to others!"  but they were friendly and quick.  I was also able to get a better price than at another area body shop."  know what they are doing and know what it means to put in the work and get results. I highly recommend them." "Great service!  They repaired the right side of my car which sustained multiple dents.   A couple of weeks after the service Central IL Auto Body did a wonderful job fixing my car. I had extensive damage to the roof of my new Toyota. They replaced and repaired everything to perfect condition! Kept me informed through the entire process which was an added benefit. Great people and excellent service!  so he offered me one after I dropped off the car even though public transportation is pretty good. The estimate he gave was lower than two other shops  but on the back end be prepared to be a little more proactive in getting the needed information. To be quite frank it seems like this is a top notch shop Good service. Charlie is a very nice person. Highly recommended. Brought my mom's car in.  I expected to pick it up the next day. They had it ready to go in just over an hour. The shock was that the bill was half of what I had thought it would be. Thanks Charlie.  $100 less than Dale's Body & Paint quoted) and I would recommend MAACO at 2124 E Van Buren St to anyone looking for a paint job. I'd also recommend they make sure their employees know their actual store hours and update their website. :)" Never Never Never bring your car to Maaco. Youll be sorry you did."  made honest recommendations and completed the repair in the time he told me at a lesser price than originally told.  My parents recommended them since they have used this shop for 2 other minor instances and received good service as well." She looks almost new.  I am so happy that US Auto Body and Paint is around to number 1: take my payments and allow me two years to put my paint job on ""Lay-Away"" and 2: do a no pun intended  super accommodating and friendly staff-plus they do a great job. They only take cash and English is rarely spoken but where else can you get a detail for under $50?" 000 miles that looked like it earned every mile. I am getting ready to sell it so I took it here.The detail job that they did on my car is amazing. My top looked like it was faded but they cleaned it to where it is all black again. Every nook and cranny was clean. It looks so good now I hate to sell it! The best part was how inexpensive it was. Definitely give them a shot."  but you can't beat the deals. Awesome details and handwax specials. Provide TV's to watch while sitting in a massage chair as your vehicle is taken care of. No place in the Phoenix area can compete. If you show up at the right time you might even meet a couple of ball players from the Cardinals." LrPG6AgIomIrSNTcwJU5Hw "Hmmm...where to start. I'll start off saying that you can not beat the price of $9 for a car wash-complete with air freshener and armor all for your tires. Love that. I will say that the place is definitely in need of a face lift. They only accept cash for payment I was very disappointed. This was my first car and I wanted it to be an experience. Sorry guys."  Steve hooked it up. I went back and he made sure everything was on point. They washed my car and even got some of the tar spots off-free of charge. I'm a fan! Thanks The actual waiting area is not bad: there is assorted auto merchandise for sale and The other reviews are right on. This place is so weird and sketchy I would never send my wife here. The inside looks like a great place to get murdered. I prefer to sit outside thinking about which direction I'd run if shit goes down. But the people are nice and they do a thorough job on the car for a good price. BUT ONLY IF YOU HAVE CASH!  and I would not have even tried if not for the positive reviews.  I purchased the deluxe wash for $18 and it turned out to be a great deal.  Basically a full detail with wash/wax.   It took about 30 minutes (a bit longer than I would prefer)  one cuz of the way the place looks and two the area. I grew up in possibly the worst part of town back in the day so $#@! like that doesn't bother me. I stopped up cuz they came up on my yelpinator and had good reviews. They staff is cool and friendly and they have good rates.. like everyone else said CASH ONLY. The guy at the register was nice enough to let me go to the ATM down the street and bring him the money. Plus the $2 off for the check in It is now my only choice for car washes here in the Valley." You already know they do a great job here!!! And get ready for this!! THEY TAKE CC NOW! $2.00 surcharge but it's worth it not to have to go to these sketchy places on McDowell Rd. World class is the only car wash I will come to! Just take my word for it and come in!!! Try it.. Thank me later!! Great staff super friendly.  they didn't vacuum my trunk and i had to drive back after the dry to do it myself and suck up some crevices inside as well. There were also towel streaks on the windows so they need to change out towels more frequently or use a better glass cleaner. Even with those Quite a shady looking place but it is truly a hands off full service car wash/detailing place. It is a little pricey but they vacuum the interior and HAND WASH your car. No drive through! They then hand dry your car. Takes a while but its worth every dollar. "Winning!!! As always. I'm always glad to see that my reviews help people to find wonderful places like this gem in the RUFF!! Lol! Please enjoy!! I always do! Ask for Santos They did an amazing job on my car yeah it might be a sketchy place but it's cool! Oh and pay with cash cause they charge $2 to pay with bs card!  but the people here are nice and seem to care a lot about their quality of service. Will definitely be recommending and returning! Oh Wow! I'm sitting here watching them clean my SUV...I got a basic wash but it looks as if they are doing a full detail.  This was beyond all expectations. What a find on Yelp.  I'm more of a $5 car wash guy."  but it was very clean afterwards. They didn't vacuum the trunk or in between the seats and center console  and bird poop on the front and top of the car and the lights. Their air freshener lasted only a few seconds. It's not even worth the $11" "Please avoid this place at all costs. I paid for the most expansive hand wash which took 30 minutes. I watched the employee use the same towel he pulled off the dirty ground to dress the plastic with dressing AND clean the windows with the same towel. Easily  the WORST car wash ever. My windows are so smeared that I can hardly see thru them. I guess that's what happens when you use tire dressing on windows dumb asses. They take no pride in their work. Dear manager who responds to reviews  took a long time but car was spotless inside and out. I mean pristine. The deluxe is not the option for a quick wash A full details for 55 dollars u can't go wrong. I would have never stop by in this location but the reviews were great. It's in the middle of good and location is worn down. The bathrooms were clean. They did a descent job cleaning the car. They left the cup holders little dirty in the center console.  But I can't complain the price was too good to be true. I normally pay 120 at other locations and they don't even do great job. Will definitely go back in future. "I drove well out of my way to come to this car wash because of the stellar reviews and I was not disappointed. This is hands down the best car wash I have been to! The staff is very friendly and I was pleasantly surprised to find they allowed me to choose my level of wash without the obnoxious hounding for up sells or windshield fixes found at nearly every other car wash! I truly appreciated the time the employees put into the deluxe wash because my car came out sparkling clean both inside and out! Some called the location ""scary""  exterior and interior. Out of my way but well worth it. My car looks brand new every time I leave." I am so happy with them I will take the Tahoe in for the same treatment."  I need to frequent for in-between washes as well - not just details. Thanks for the great service Perry and Team!"  and are very professional. I was completely satisfied with their work. Compared to other detail shops I have used they are definitely top notch.  Keith (Manager) showed great attention to detail  either myself or with European Detail. My car is my baby and I worked very hard to get her. I wouldn't trust just anyone to wash or detail my car and after going to European Detail I cant begin to express my gratitude and appreciation for care this business gives to their clients and their cars. I must mention Greg again since I was so impressed at the customer service he provided. Totally professional through and through!!" "These guys are unbelievable!!! By far the best detail shop in AZ. This is the second time I've taken my Tacoma in to get a refresh and each time I've recieved more than that. My truck literally looks BRAND NEW everytime I get it back from Greg and Perry... And their outstanding customer service adds even more to the total package. They polish and detail EVERYTHING. I'm super OCD about my truck and personally hand wash it myself. But once or twice a year I bring it to these dudes... I won't let anybody else touch it. It's worth every penny. If you want a detail done better than you've ever dreamed of "These guys did a great job getting the bad smell out of my car. I don't know how it got there  just an 89 Crown Vic. But I keep it clean though. Brought it to them to get the dust out and have it cleaned up. I had a couple of nitpicks when I pick the car up and they fix them on the spot no problems no questions asked. Car was polished and shining perfectly. Interior was incredible. Even though my car is nothing special they made sure that I felt special as a customer. To put this in perspective I parked my car between a Porsche and a Ferrari when I pulled up. But I definitely feel as though I was treated the same as those owners. Highly recommend you bring your car to these guys. 30 years of experience nobody does it as good." "This place does a great job.  I recently got my car detailed (never had a car detailed before) and it looked better than the day I brought it home from the dealer.  Sergio handled my job and stayed late on a Friday to get it done.  He buffed out all the fine scratches in the paint.  It's been a month and it still has a mirror shine.  I should mention that the service is pricey.  However  I know a good job from a bad one. Love this place. Highly recommended." Perry and his crew of detailers are the best in the valley . I will never take my Car anywhere else. His crew goes over the top . My car looked brand new . His prices are very very reasonable . Great job ! Keep up the good work ! "Perry & Sergio do a fantastic job. I keep taking my wife's black Mercedes back to them because they make the car look showroom perfect and she will agree to keep it longer. I also took my corvette to them and they removed the years of road dust from everywhere ( door jams rMizXwsWcnGzBukGTEeSyQ  the brutally hot Phoenix summer or the recent raid on their service staff by the Sheriff's office for ""identity theft"". But  very pleased with my visit. I stopped by during my lunch hour and while it wasn't slammed with cars there was a steady stream of business. My car looked great once they were finish. I really liked that I didn't have one lone steak from extra water in cracks of mirrors or doors when I drove. I'm so happy that I found this gem!" I actually belove their sign that this is a family business; & they deserve my repeat business..." FIND A BETTER CAR WASH!"  coating half of my (dark gray) Honda Element. It was dry upon arrival and all over the right side of my car. They checked it  ""How hard did they try at Lindstrom because I buffed-it right out.""  Irritated that Showcase did a better job (for free!) I went back to complain to Lindstrom.  They apologized and told me that their detailer was good I recently moved to Phoenix and purchased a new car shortly afterwards. I researched online for a car wash that was reasonably priced and would do a good job. Lindstrom has not disappointed either time I have taken my car there. They take pride in doing a good job. It's worth the drive I make to get there! Have been solely using the Lindstrom Family business as long as I've been in Phoenix (26 years). Always excellent service. No up-sell pressure (sure they ask if you want a hand wax but easily take no for an answer). It appears they are remodeling inside which is too bad since the 1970s decor has always befitted their 1950s ethos. this is the best car wash that I have used in Phoenix.  yelp coupon doesn't hurt either.  and they even cleaned out all the buildup of plant ans tree debris in the joint of my trunk! Always a treat to come here."  but they do a very thorough and detailed job if you get the $22 works car wash. And while you wait you can get an excellent shoeshine. I'm all about two birds with one stone and this is a place I can accomplish that. They will continue to get my business." I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE!"  I actually signed up to Yelp just to write this review!! I would never recommend this car wash to anyone. Myself or family will never go again!!! My girlfriend has been going to this car wash for 5 years. Just recently she had the car detailed for the first time and during that process they went through her glove compartment into her day planner and stole her credit card. Unbelievable. Now she has a reason that she keeps it in the glove compartment that I won't go into because I don't want the thief to know what lies ahead of them Unless I find someplace I like a lot better I would still go back to Lindstrom for the regular car washes they do a good job with the general cleaning but I can't think of a circumstance that would cause me to let them do anything else on my truck ever again." Save yourself the money and buy the Danny's Car Wash Groupon - 3 for $25 instead of spending 1 wash for $16 here only to still be left with an unfinished wash." 9vZ2G7kW_8APo3snijBNaA  you will need to be prepared to spend a little time here - but it's totally worth the wait!" "When the Lindstrom's owned it... it was all about attention to detail. This is my third and last attempt to use this car wash. I'm going to a wedding... need my car nice "Did the Express Wax and was pleased with the detail and level of service.  Well done!  As for the coupon  however they seem to take great care when doing windows and interior once truck comes out of conveyor.  The fifth star is earned by the shoeshine that is also offered while you wait. I'm a sucker for old school service like that and love this place for it. They also have a check-in discount which is also kinda awesome." The wash was good but service moved way too slowly (I waited an hour for my car)  my car was FILTHY.  Joe greeted me with a genuine smile and a happy attitude.  I bought a special mini-detail which was affordable and done beautifully!  Thank you for your wonderful customer service and excellent work." Super friendly and a great wash/vacuum for not a ton of money. Not to mention he ran over my foot while reviewing the video footage........" "I've only ever gone to Lindstrom to have my car washed or detailed. Used to be quick and efficient. The ticket writer talked me into a detail package that was affordable  lindstroms. Well played."  super impressed and I will be coming back!  See ya later Danny's car wash!" Went in for a quick wash and to shampoo the carpet and mats and got just that! They did a really old job on both for the $40 Carpet Express. Not a bad deal! The gentlemen there were very polite and checked on me periodically as I waited. It was about 45 minutes but my mats and floors were pretty dirty so I appreciated them doing a thorough job. "First time here and they locked the keys in the car.  Instead of calling a locksmith they spent 30 minutes trying to open the door. I finally tell them to not touch the car and to call someone. They asked me to call triple a  promised to replace it but then started avoiding my calls. I asked him why and the outraged little man started screaming at me. Needless to say Did a good job of cleaning but definitely missed a couple of spots that I'm paying for (air vent louvers). Looked to upsell me right away to something that didn't make any sense.  at least they could do is make sure my windows are clean. My floors still looked like it wasn't vacuumed either. Lastly "Exceeded my expectations by far! They really took the effort to give my awesome new Toyota the best clean it could get. Not only was it an exceptional clean  they are always friendly and professional. The owner of the car wash is always present and manages his team and his business very well."  except that when I got back to my office I discovered that they had broken one of my windshield wipers and just set the pieces in the wiper well. They never mentioned it. Grrrr. It may be repairable but that's not the point. I may take my car there again but I'll be checking my car a lot more closely for collateral damage." Now I am looking for a new location to wash our trucks and cars. Did they sell the business?" I went to this car wash one time 2 weeks ago ! I believe that they give great customer service I waited almost an hour  and they are plenty of employees they do kind of a good job but it was so funny how lazy some of them are like they can do wayyyyyy better if they work fast and I believe that if they work fast the waiting would be less plus it would be the best car wash ever but nooooo I found another car wash twice better and cheaper.... Prices are to high here and it's not worth it!! But deserves 3 stars !:)  and be given this kind of result I am not interested in doing this again. I probably would've expected this from a basic wash but never again will I do anything more than a wash here. But I think I just convinced myself in the meantime I'll be washing and cleaning the car myself. When it's time for a detail/wax I'll find another place that can at least get the job done right." I went there I went there this morning and have my car washed they didn't clean windows are all smear one side of my door is dusty and they stole over 200 dollars plus my jewelry that i had in my car all gone dont ever go to this carwash bunch of thieves and they dont know how vacuum  doors and windows. After I asked why my truck was still dirty after paying $23 They attempted to wipe it down better and it still looks dirty. I'll never consider going here again."  during the six hour drive. The windshield and front bumper had little surface area that was not covered in bug remnants. The carwash paid extra carful removing the bugs  and had me sparkly and shiny again in about an hour.  They took great care of my car and I recommend them if you're ever in need of an Oh Nuts scrape fix.  Thanks guys."  my car battery completely died and they jumped it for me and told me that it was completely dead and to not turn my car off or it wouldn't start again. They even tested turning it off and rejumped it to make sure. The guy pointed me in the direction of the closest place to go get a new battery. Amazing service!" This used to be a classy family owned car wash. Not anymore. Last week. I purchased The Works wash.  I tipped the vacuum crew and the final wash crew. And tipped well. Someone stole all of the change out of my ashtray. So disappointing. NEVER going back. THEFT!! - We have been using this car wash for years and that ends today. Buyer beware!! NEVER GOING BACK AGAIN STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE"  of the family owned local business is great - but it also is not owned by the Lindstrom family any longer." especially when they work in 100+ degree weather with a high volume of cars coming in during this summer season.if the owner is reading this i hope you offer these people more for their time they are humans too" I called and spoke with Daniel about getting my money back. Still waiting on him to call me back (since that's apparently not something he could have just taken care of during my initial phone call)" "This is not a ""self car wash"" per their yelp category! I drove 10 min out of the way wanting to just drive my car through and that's not an option. With the theft issues they have  but they left scratches on my brand new car.  The towels they used also left smears on my car.  There were also water marks left on both side of my doors."  even though they have kept the Lindstrom name.  On three different occasions I paid for ""the works"" and during the wash they didn't turn on the wax mode.  I made them run my vehicle through again.  The last time I was there my I-Phone cord and charger were stolen I visit Lindstrom's often and the majority of the time they do a great job...unless you get a basic wash and then they don't seem to pay attention to detail. I would recommend this spot if you're planning on getting a premium wash. That they did it. After they found the back coverbut they still do not admitthey speak very rude" Great place whenever your not satisfied with something they'll do everything in there power to make you happy. Good service and dedicated personal. Great service and Joe and Tony will work out an amazing deal. Great place to treat your car for a wash. Customer service is amazing and they truly have the best interest for you and you vehicle to look the best. Scroll down to see photos" "I have always had fantastic experiences at this wash. They are very respectful and kind. They will address any issues you have after the wash (if you are picky like me).  I see the other lower reviews and don't understand them. This place is consistently great. If you have a problem with them "So I've been going to lindstroms for years. I asked for a buff on my car to get rid of some scratches from being side swiped. I usually just get a carwash. The guy quoted me one price and was also going to condition the leather seats. Told me it would take about 35 minutes. I went to the cashier to pay and she saw my ticket and grabbed the manager! Tony They have always done a good job for me.   I like that it is a family owned operational well.  Weekends are busy so expect to wait. The lines are long. BUT they have a Yelp check-in offer for $3 off of your car wash!! Woot woot! I will most definitely be back to Lindstrom again soon!" They always do a good job here. I drive here rather than going to places closer (i.e. Jacksons aka Danny's) because they always do a better job. The line can get a little long but it's usually worth it.  which means I paid an extra $30 for two guys to spend 5 minutes applying way to my car; and I mean 5 minutes literally. All in all  they have not done a good job. I had them shampoo my seats and I looked at them more thoroughly when I got back and there was still dog drool and dirt marks all over. The front dash was still dirty and hadn't been wiped down  but they have lots of employees so the line went quickly (in and out in about 15 minutes).  Cool waiting room inside with TV and couches. Good service and fast!" Very unhappy with the service I received here. Was given attitude when I wouldn't upgrade to the higher car wash and when I stopped at a store on my way home I noticed the numbers that they wrote on my window were NOT washed off. Needless to say I will not be back.  the guy tried to charge me $35 for a hand wash when it says directly on the ticket that it's $25. I had to have the cashier go outside and correct his ""mistake."" The guy thought I wouldn't notice. Ripoff."  there were smudge marks still on the screen where my speedometer is but I thought whatever... BUT NO. I paid $50 for a half ass ""hand wash car wash"" They didn't vacuum my visibly filthy center console that had chips in it. My wheels were still dirty like they hadn't been washed at all and there were crumbs inside of my seats still although I was promised they would be ""cleaned and conditioned"" Afterwards  I'll stick to my regular washes and go somewhere else for the deep cleaning!"  the lady who runs the cash register inside where you pay for it all is rude and unprofessional. She doesn't greet you with hello or how are you but snatches the ticket out of your hand rings you up and basically throws the receipt back at you after you pay. She isn't pleasant to deal with and you feel like you are bothering her by being there. I paid $27 for the works wash plus a $15 tip to have my truck cleaned. I should fist say that we had just returned from a camping trip and the mud was everywhere on the outside of the truck. Also  but there was this one time the guy in control of the air blower accidentally blew the sticker part of my emblem right off. I'm sure since then he's more careful...This last time I went in was yesterday (Father's Day)  and they did a great job both inside and outside.  I'll visit again." It's worth driving down from Tramonto for this kind of service and quality." My god!  Fire and gas stations DON'T MIX!  I hope they all explode and remove themselves from the gene pool!" Its annoying when all you want is a $10 car wash and every time they want to charge you for any number of sealants and crap.  And ""no thank you"" isn't good enough.  They have to give you their situational anecdotes and keep hassling.  Go to Danny's  the nonstop sales pitches from the moment we pulled in were really rather irritating. After iterating several times that we were not interested in getting the car detailed or waxed  despite the fact that I told them several times not to call me anymore.  I called the Phoenix Police and they suggested that I contact my phone company and it turned out that I had a feature to block specific phone numbers from calling me.  I blocked them and haven't heard from them since." I stopped here while waiting for someone nearby to get ready. the have tv's inside to kill time. nice!!  but I'll probably use it before then. I wish there was a Cobblestone closer to me than this one. I have to drive 16 miles one way to get there. Because of the distance I will definately make time to go back to this particular location." Bottom Line:  It's a car wash- they make their real profits on the ""extras"".  If you aren't interested Car wash poor. Left waterspots all over. Lazy employees.  Refused to clean rims properly after being told it would not be a problem.  When spoke with manager he stood behind his lazy employees.  1 star is being generous. I immediately threw away wash card I had signed up for. Not this or any other cobblestone carwash will ever see any of my vehicles again. "The customers service could be better in the store.....but the guys who take care of my trucks on the outside are great. I bought the Groupon deal to receive 3 months of unlimited express car washes for 20 bucks....there is not a better deal in the state of Arizona....maybe even the nation....LOL. The guys here get my trucks squeaky clean....and I am out in 5 minutes or less and that includes hand drying it. I will be enjoying this great deal until late October.....but even without the deal the wash is only 4.99 which is very cheap for what you get. So if you need to get your car or truck clean in this Arizona desert....head over to Cobblestone....and remember to Eat  its been a breeze to pull in and access the car wash. And did I mention this location has a Dunkin Donuts inside? Score!!!!!"  the machine will give you a receipt and force you to go inside the store to get your change -- which completely defeats the purpose of ""fast pass.""" I will not be back to this place.  Not worth the price.  I have had better done cheaper." I would suggest to management that there" Pushy about upsells. Horrible cleaning job! Go somewhere else. I actually don't think the up sells are so high pressure . . . dine out and servers always push appetizers  I feel as if I'm at a used car sales lot. The employees are incredibly pushy to upsell you on a simple car wash. I can't say I will be returning anytime soon."  I fell for the $4 ""Supreme Upgrade"" and you forgot my vanilla air freshener. Dang it. Had no idea what kind of negotiation would occur if I went back  so there were water spots everywhere. They also didn't even attempt to wipe off the adhesive from the tape. It seems reasonable to expect that your car will be cleaner after a car wash than before 1/31/13 - Issue resolved by Cobblestone Save your self the hassle "Been to this car wash several times and each time it leaves white spots all over the car! Not sure if its water spots or excessive soap not being washed off. The car is clean but very spotty. Everytime I have to use a wet rag to wipe the spots off. Also if I get gas there AVOID FRANK LLOYD RIGHT & HAYDEN LOCATION AT ALL COSTS!"  I have to report on my recent experience at Cobblestone and hope the people in charge see this and reward this employee accordingly.... I made an unplanned visit on Monday because I got into my van and found it crawling with ants! EWWW.. I hate ants! So I raced up there These guys and gals do such a great job!  I had a great experience other than the lady that was sitting in front of me.  Not sure how her husband deals with her non stop complaining.  My car however was good as new when I left. I have started making the drive to this cobblestone weekly now!  As a former Danny's customer (closest car wash to my house) I was shocked when I stopped by here today while out running errands.  The quality here is far more than Danny's could have ever hoped for.  Driving a black car you want it to be treated well and sparkle when finished....you get that here!  The workers are extremely friendly and do a very quality job and make sure every detail is taken care of.  Even if a spot is pointed out they are quick to take care of it and find other spots.  I will always go out of my way to travel to this location for a superior wash to keep my car looking its best.  makes my experience more enjoyable. I've gotten their express wash to their extreme wash and I have to say overall I've been happy with the cleanliness of my car and how fast it gets washed. Even if I have to wait I don't mind as they have free wifi so I generally take the time to check my emails or watch a movie. The guys and gals working there are always friendly and helpful. The only I don't like is years ago when I would get a car wash here wiping down the interior upholstery was part of the wash but now it's an extra charge so my exterior is clean And I still come here to get my car washed. What can I write- I think at this point I think Cobblestone is like a comfy pair of shoes to me. Lol." Great service and honesty. Completely compensated for minor damage to my car. Great work Daniel!  now they no longer care about customer service.. Just how much can they make while you are there..." Go find out for your self. For 3.99 during happy hour my cars was super clean :D"  but today was exceptional.  Five stars for Cobblestone.  I'll definitely be back!" hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g This auto spa us conveniently located at the 51 and bell rd. Out of all the washes I've tried this one will accept larger trucks with oversized wheels for the same price as a car. Attention to detail is pretty good. My vehicle is always clean inside and out. The other thing I like is they do oil and tire rotation for a reasonable amount of money. "We ran over some road garbage on SR51...complete blowout.  Hobbled our car off the freeway and bell and luckily cobblestone was right there. Before we could even think to dial triple A I recommend this location!"  mats were not vacuumed. Mind you I don't smoke. When I brought it to the Managers attention he told me that their packages don't cover vacuuming inside the car. The guy who sold me this package when I got there promised me the dashboard  and oil changes! Anything and everything I need exceeds more than my expectations. I go to this wash at least two times a week and I leave happy every time!"  and voila! FINALLY!!! a detail job that you guys at Cobblestone can be proud of. Guillermo went the extra mile and it shows. Thanks for fixing it  where there is a kids playground inside(who knew) The two people working were smiling and seemed to be super happy (even if they were working on a Saturday)  The man gave me a receipt and said now that you have this you can come in next time and get a free car wash and also today you get free popcorn.  I laughed and was surprised by the popcorn machine near the entrance (fresh popcorn).  I left after spending twenty bucks with popcorn "Best experience at a car wash in a very long time treated the kids fantastic treated my car like it was their own.  Nice job team "Was waiting for my vehicle in the outside seating area.   A man rode up on a bicycle and sat in the seats and lit up a cigarette. ... in the common area. He wasn't even there to get a car washed.   I went inside to ask if that was allowed "I have been a cobblestone customer since I moved to Arizona last June. I never had a bad experience here until 11/14/2014.  I used one of the ""Free Wash"" coupons from the book my wife bought me for my birthday... My truck got damaged in the wash. I mentioned this in a previous review "This is one of the only spots I bring my car because they do the best job by far! I had an issue with a major ""spill"" let's call it (vomit) in my back seat. I have a brand new Mercedes so wasn't to happy. I brought it there to see what they could do. They detailed it for me and shampooed it. A few days later I still picked up a whiff of the odor. I brought it back and they shampooed it again for free and were so nice and accommodating. No charge. Big thanks to Jaime and Guillermo! Very professional and really nice guys! Recommend this place as they have always done an outstanding job." hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g Great customer service! Good job on car wash and will take care of anything needed if not!  I've had some bad experiences but today I was greeted by Nel who is absolutely the most fantastic employee I've ever encountered here. Please give him a raise so you keep him around." Always have to check the car before I pull away or bring it back. Only reason I give 2 stars is they are always quick to fix but how many times should that have to happen.  one of the salesmen was trying to sell me into getting my car waxed. The reason was because my car was going to have stains on it from sprinkler marks on it. Which seemed a little weird. The point is was he was trying to sell me to buy for having my car waxed. I did not get my car waxed 4. Your customers should not have to walk around the car and show you how shitty your work is. If you do this for a living you should be able to see that there is still dirt or water on the car. Have someone who knows what dirt  sometimes more. Even bought the $30 monthly membership. Then I was told today that even though I've had my car washed here 15-20 times it is suddenly ""too low"" for their tunnel. I was told by the attendant that even though I pay the $30 a month that now I have to pay an extra $10 each time I get it washed for the ""hand wash."" (""It's a great deal!!"" he said) I told the attendant that I wanted to cancel and he printed up a receipt and dropped it in my lap through the window and walked away. I went inside with every intent to cancel but thankfully the cashier was extremely helpful and informed me the Cobblestone in Mesa has a conveyor type tunnel that can accommodate lower cars. This location has not only lost MY business Ok so never once have these people done a good job.  Unfortunately with their location i keep reluctantly re-engaging.  When they should have apologized the managers justified the crappy work by saying that they do the best they can with the employees they have.  They will send my car through again a second time if I request but if I had two and a half hours and fifty dollars to spare Id do it myself and spend the savings at the nearby healthy habits massage." By far the worst car wash I have ever had. For $20 you would think they would wipe down the inside a little. I'm convinced if you don't buy whatever up sell they're trying to get you to buy you're getting a crappy wash. I'm mad I tipped. Never will return to this location. Go to the one on frank lloyd wright they know what they're doing.  HORRIBLE service.  We came to have our Lexas RX washed and the carpets shampooed cause we are selling the car.  Dropped it off and they said come back in hour.  We went to lunch and came back an hour later.  There was still several spots of bird poop and they had shampooed the carpets but didn't vacuum. So they said they would run it through again and vacuum the seats.  We said we would be back and went and ran some errands.  Another hour later we come back and there is still bird poop and the vacuuming just seemed to scatter the dirt around.  The carpets are still dirty.  We aren't difficult and trying to get something for nothing.  They agreed to shampoo and was the car for $50.  I expect the job to be done.  So we pointed out the bitd poop that we pointed out before.  They took it away again and shampooed the mats and vacuumed....again.  To come back and miss the front mats....it was a 4 hour process how to tell 5hem how to do their job.  Admittedly they did it there's a dunkin donut inside in case you do get your car hand washed. The hand wash is good. Not the best "Great service and wash.  I especially like that they now have vacuums so if you do the express you can vacuum it out as well.  Very efficient and gets you through quick.  I come back to this location because they take care of you and if they don't  since they stopped drying the cars. Then he starts berating me about how long ago I bought the booklet. He looks it up in the computer "Cobblestone gets 5 stars for the people they hire and the culture they create within the company. The managers and employees are cheerful and courteous. Sure there are little things that I may change Brought my car in for ultimate wash.  They did a superb job washing and cleaning inside my car.  This is my second time.  I would not go anywhere else.  Recommend everyone to bring your car in.  You'll be pleased with the service. "Had a bad experience with one of these ""full service"" car washed and I was actually looking for a self service car wash when I came to this one. I decided to give it a try and purchased the Supreme which is only one step up from the basic. To my surprise my car is actually pretty clean after they got done with it.  I still prefer doing the car wash on my own which I will have to find out where the entrance is because that's how I came to this car wash but somehow when I pulled in I was right at where the guys would ""take my order"". Anyway I will be back."  2015. I was the only vehicle in line to enter the wash at the time. I have a 2015 Nissan Murano the damage to my new car is horrible! The lies that came from Manager and the complete run around they're giving me to have my car fix is wasting time! Don't take your car to any of these so called Spa washes!!! The reason I went in was to wash off bird poop I had a horrible experience here. I got an exterior wash on my way out of town.  On my way to CA it started to rain. I turned on my rear wiper only to discover that it wasn't working. I pulled over to see what was going on and there was tape still stuck to my car holding the wiper still. I was gone for a couple of weeks. I went back to the car wash and asked if they could remove the tape residue that was from the tape they installed. The manager accused me of putting the tape on.  Why would I put tape on my car and hold my wiper. I wasn't asking for a complete detail. Nor was the manage even going to recommend a free wash due to their mistake. After about an hour of me not being polite anymore and calling the cooperate number he gave me. Which is a complete run around. Still waiting for my call back from them. The manager was completely unprofessional. Told me they don't put tape on cars. Funny as a separate employee had previously said ya that's why we stopped using tape a week ago.  The manager was not making this right. After I set there for an hour and refuse to leave the driveway for others to get by. The manager finally had his detailer remove the residue that his establishment left. Where has customer service gone. I wash 4-5 cars there a week and now will never return to a Cobblestone. They don't make their mistakes right and the cooperate won't even return my call.  I will not recommend a place that doesn't own their mistakes. No integrity. Run from this place! Unless you like high pressure sales!"  professional and friendly. I waited in comfort inside as he repaired the crack so the glass looks as good as new. I was in and out quickly and the employees were accommodating. I would go out of my way to come back!" "Always had a great experience with Cobblestone and they are my official go-to car wash!  Everyone was pleasant and my car receives a thorough bumper to bumper ""Ultimate Wash.""" Awesome staff!! Went through self wash to rinse off my car Friday 9/4/15 at lunch and vacuum. I had just gotten a new car and didn't know it auto locks. Sooo I locked myself out all the staff was very helpful and Shiloh finally got my car open in time for me to make it back to work. Thank you guys so much!! You're awesome.  I can find enough things to do to keep my busy for that long. At two hours I asked for an update at which point they told me it would be another hour. Why wouldn't they have told me a more accurate time or at least updated me when the time was longer than originally quoted? Terrible service and will not return."  they are usually new chips and nicks on the paint job which they totally deny is their fault." "Had my black truck detailed after it was damaged in the recent storm.  Carlos removed all of the the tree branch scuffs and got the paint looking like new.  It looks far better than when I had the dealer buff it out about a year ago.  Carlos was courteous A 1 star is a generous rating.  I went back because I didn't have all day to get my car washed and they gave me a prepaid gift card for the amount of the wash since I didn't have 4 hours to kill.  They always negotiate services and I got a wash and wax and detail  for $120 (which was the amount on my card) The attendant (Simon) wrote it up as a wash and headlight polish and said it would take about 2 1/2 hours.  I went to pay for it and they wouldn't accept the prepaid card because its only for what you are replacing.  The cashier went and got Simon and he said if you want what you ordered it would be $80 more.  I told him nope  Its not happening.  I called my son to pick me up and we went to lunch since I had 2 hours to kill. He dropped me off 3 hours later and they said it would be 2 more hours.  The attendant   said they basically lie to do the sale and he gets stuck with the angry customers.  The big problem that I had on the car was I had a 12 pack of coke explode in the car and needed it cleaned up.  They really didn't wipe down the dash and they didn't spot shot the ceiling which the salesman said they would do.  The wax job that they were going to do didn't even take off a price sticker off the trunk.  Shitty job all the way around.  I can't recommend this merely bankrupt company I am so impressed by the service and appreciate the care that the manager gives to make sure everything is done perfectly.  Thank you Guillermo! First time customer.  Went in for an oil change and car wash. The service was speedy and everyone was super friendly.  I will be a repeat customer and I will tell all my friends and family to go there. I have had nothing but the best experience here!! The staff is friendly and they really do a great job cleaning and washing your car! Specifically the people who finish your car after it comes through the wash! They work hard and fast to make your car look great! Today I had the pleasure of having Mistie up in the front check me out which she was beyond AWESOME and I also had Ginny help me as well who was me just as equally as awesome! For your glass repair needs you have Jason! Jason is so cool and he remembers you when you come back and that means a a lot! I recommend every one to come here! The best is when you pick up your car and you have Israel to and you on your way! He is always in a friendly mood and he always sends you home with a smile on your face! Thanks Cobblestone! Keep up the good work!  a  rag would have taken care of it .  I bought the Supreme Wash.  I wasn't wowed like I had hoped.  This is my first wash with my new (used) truck and was hoping for the wow factor.  I bought one step up from the cheapest car wash so maybe I should have bought a higher priced wash.  Since they missed some obvious dirt I am torn about this place.  Loved the staff and Dunkin Donuts but I am on the fence as to whether or not I will wash it myself in the future.  Maybe I should give them one more try...." "I Have the fast pass here and the great thing is that it works for hand washes! Free wifi and car wash  and 3 people cleaning cars. Been here almost 45 minutes now. I spend $80.00 a week at this place for 2 cars. What a waste  it's like driving her off the lot for the first time again! Thanks AJ for the recommendation and thanks to everyone who helped with the dirty work!"  but wasn't quite thorough enough for me. The worst part was a big puddle of product that was sprayed on my leather seat but never wiped down "The interior of my car could not have been in worse shape.  I was hesitant to even take it somewhere because it was so bad.  My daughter made arrangements for a complete interior/exterior detail.  We dropped the car off and when I picked it up I couldn't believe it was the same car!  As I was leaving I had a mechanical issue with a window (turns out not their fault) and spoke to Guillermo the following morning.  He explained what was wrong and I was at a loss as to how I would get it fixed especially on Christmas Eve.  Matt I do recommend if you need your car washed with some deal of effort to go to Johnson's Family Wash on Tatum just south of Cactus. It's the old Danny's Car Wash "I went for an oil change.  I got the highest upgraded car cleaning package with leather conditioning.  I asked if it included interior cleaning and he assured me it did.  My car had not been wiped down at ALL when I got it back.  I complained to the manager that said it wasn't included but he would send it over to detail if I wanted to wait and would tip them.  I agreed.  They wiped it down a bit but it was still a mess and even the exterior of my car was full of marks that didn't get cleaned properly.  I never mind paying for things  did not include engine and planned to use it at a later date. I spilt a Coke in the middle console on my way home from church Sunday which prompted me to get the detail done. I bring the car in let them know about the spill and the passenger seat. my son sat in something sticky and transferred it and his back jeans on to the seat. Sales guy says do I want to add buffing on for an extra charge  especially with Nel.  I was so happy he didn't try to push me for more then I needed or wanted and did what I wanted for a very reasonable price. I will be coming back now that I've been treated so well & feel like I will continue to get exceptional service here."  drinks and miscellaneous items for sale. The seating can't be beat! Nice cushioned chairs and couches and plenty of them."  I get breakfast at Dunkin donuts ." As a ride share driver for Lyft I get dirty carpets. Stopped on a monday morning no lines no waiting and asked about it. They were very friendly with limited annoying upsell and offered to clean all carpets and mats plus a basic car wash for $49.99. They have a Dunkin donuts on site while u wait. Car was taken to detail area after wash and 2 people hand shampooed the carpets and cleaned all up nicely. Recommend. They are so bad they shouldn't be able to call themselves a car wash. My windshield is actually dirtier than when I got there. The place is awful!!!  but try to keep it in good running order. I like to change the oil even when it is not necessarily due. I was able to pull in immediately and was friendly greeted by Matt. He examined the old sticker from another place saying the oil change was due in November "My 7 and 9 yr old could have done better in less time and with muddy paws. Regret being upsold and also buying that future wash. Dont do it.  Extra services and addons are supposed to make the car look better Went to get gas today and my fianc slipped and fell on the diesel fuel on the ground near the pump. Went inside to alert the manager and he said I'm sorry but we aren't liable if you fall I said yes you are. He said no if someone falls on the curb its not our fault. And this is what you call customer service! No offer of towels to get the fuel off my fiance clothes. Had to go in again to ask for towels and the jerk ass manager said he would get them and never came back. He was too busy looking cool to care about a potential hazard! Carlos the manager is a jerk! I am always so thankful to come here! I used to live right down the street and now travel across town to come. They are not only very friendly but do a great job and I never have to worry about my car or being over charged. Matt is always smiling and is always so helpful!  sand along the floor of the back seat. They didn't eve clean/wipe the dirty cup holders or door handles. Still dirt and much along entire the bottom on the exterior of the car. Oh and dead bugs on the wundshield. I wasn't a 219.00 detail job for what I paid but come on. It's a scion xb. Not some gigantic suv. How much time would it had taken to be just a little more thorough in your work? The topper? They asked me what scented I wanted for the car and didn't put it in. What was the point of asking me?" "I always enjoy getting my car washed here. Everyone is so friendly and courteous.  My car comes out squeaky clean and smelling awesome. Don't misread the other reviews indicating their car was dirty etc. you get what you pay for. When you pay for a ""basic"" wash what do you expect to get a detail? I have been a customer of cobblestone for over 7 years and have never had a ""dirty"" car when I got in it after the wash. Management is so friendly as well AND... I've spent almost 45 minutes online looking for account access so I can cancel and/or modify. I have yet to find it."  slowly warming up to the idea. I still hate the 7a-6p hours and the website needs LOTS of work. Suggestion: Make the website easier to select other services and change service levels." Shout out to Matt from cobblestone. Pulled in with blown tire and Matt immediately had me pull up and swapped out bad tire for the spare.  He was such big help. I would deff come back based on great customer service exp. Here. I still expect a call from the Manager."  I mean TERRIBLE car wash. I foolishly purchased ""the works"" and when I got home I had to wash the interior myself. Before I left I looked through the car and pointed out that the surfaces had not been wiped down and it obviously wasn't vacuumed well. These complaints were basically ignored till I got frustrated and left. Either get your car detailed or wash it yourself (you'll have to anyway) but don't waste your money going to Cobblestone." Just wanted you to know that Scotty always provides amazing service!  My husband and I are 97 & 89 and he treats us so well. He is really great. "What a scam. Sign on the street says $3 exterior wash. 50 cents off gas with carwaah purchase.  Was charged  $5.99 for wash and received only 10 cents a gallon off gas purchase. Bait and switch.  Car still had bugs on the front.  They got once I got home to finish removing the wax and saw they had not removed much of the oxidation on my headlights either."  value and customer service of any car wash I've been through.  Scott has personally greeted me the last couple times and through this little bit of extra customer service I've became a bigger fan of Cobblestone.  A+ rating for Scott and the Team at Cobblestone!" "Really love this carwash for the express wash; especially having a toddler that won't sit still for an actual sit-and-wait carwash. The prices are great and the carwash always look so nice for being a drive-through wash. Each time we come we happen to get Scott who is always so friendly and helpful to us. We've been to the other Cobblestone off Pima  friendly and warm. His joyous personality radiated and his customer service knocked my socks off. Left with a sparkling car and a smile plastered on my face. Shall definitely return!" "Had a flat tire on the NB 51 on Friday afternoon June 03 when temperature was 114 degrees.  Limped off the freeway at the Bell Rd exit and pulled in to shaded area of Cobblestone to change out the tire.  As I was removing spare tire and jack from vehicle "I had a great experience today. I'm usually reluctant to stop for a car wash because of high pressure sales. Scott Koeppen took care of me. He was friendly and easy going. Scott did offer me a book of car washes at a discounted rate and I accepted. There was no badgering He will always treat you right and are sure you get the service and quality you've been looking for and deserve. He's a RealvAmeriCAN not an AmeriCAN'T get er done no BS kind a guy. Try him you will love him I guarantee!" hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g I bought the unlimited car washes and visit about 3 times weekly. Scott always greets me happily. Thanks for being so attentive. Since signing up as a monthly subscribers and with the way they always are attentive to the needs for keeping my car neat and clean. I have achieved continuos compliments for the way car looks. Which in turn has warned me compliments on my ratings with uber for being one of the best uber rides a person has taken. Thanks for all the hard work and keep up the good work. hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g  so of course I had to go check it out for myself - sure enough all of the positive reviews mentioning him were 100% spot on! I will definitely be a returning customer because of Scott and his team! They go the extra mile in customer service and with the quality of work done! Truly appreciated the cleaning of the small areas inside my car which are most often overlooked at other places! Scotts energy is contagious and he greeted me with the biggest smile! He is not your typical sales guy pushing you to add on packages I've been going to this location for quite a while and I am appreciative everytime I recieved good service from any establishment by writing a review or feedback. This is the 1st time a quality control supervisor took a look at the job done and ensured it is within or above their standards and most of all the standards of the customer. I will not be that particular of the details but a shout out to Scott Koeppen for the job well done!  and they do a great job every time. Best cobblestone I've been to in the valley. Plus they hook up veterans on holidays They claim it to be spot free but it isnt. My windshield had a lot of spots. Thats because the time your car spends in the air dry section is not enough.  everywhere.  I did this intentionally so that everyone could see how badly they do. But if I were to pay the extra $$ for the ""mud package""  and always have the supplies for all types of vehicles in stock.    The managers Matt and Scott always make sure you are happy before you leave.   I have 8 different vehicles and they all come here for regular maintenance." This is my favorite location! Great oil change service and have the factory items needed for my newer car that the dealer has. Matt and his team are prompt and courteous and take the time to answer questions and help plan for future car maintenance. Great service great price and super fast! Also convenient hours as only place open on a Sunday evening! Def recommend!!!  I didn't want a sympathy wash. I wanted a genuine experience and that's what I got.)" 