 long way. I would recommend this place to anyone. Definitely made a hard day easier for us. I really saw no reason to keep shopping. I expect that I'll upgrade to five stars when delivery happens if it goes just as well  they know their stuff and will steer you right on what you need helping you to make your choice easy."  then their reasonable prices and product knowledge should seal the deal. Two thumbs up. I will be going back for sure."  highchairs and excersaucers to clothes and shoes and toys. They have a 50/50 consignment plan ( cash or store credit) and will display everything for 90 days. If it doesn't sell you get all your non sold items back.  The new management that took over the business last February vamped the store up and it looks better and better and they are super friendly and always willing to help. Always had a great experience. They have a Facebook page too in which they list new item in pictures. Highly recommended."  as well as some mis.toys.  All gently used.  Very pleased with pleasant greeting and help.  Fun to trade old for old/new.  Very well organized.  Highly recommended over all other buy/sell baby shops in Phoenix." There FB page gets barely frequent attention. An occasional photo gets posted. I hope they pick it up and blow some fire in the business.  The concept is great "Consignment store. My daughter had a bunch of clothes that she never wore and outgrown. We took it to Baby Bloomers to ""sell."" They took a sufficient amount - you have to really ask what they are looking for for that season for them to take it. Got a decent amount back - they do a 50% store credit or cash back. Their items are reasonably priced too. I'm pleased with this store and will continue bringing my daughter's gently used clothes here." Always helpful & good value. Thanks! -No attitudes or stuffy crowds here.  Just real people and mamas!"  but it's very organized and I did not feel claustrophobic like you can at some other places. The ladies were very helpful and also allowed me to bring in merchandise from another store so I could see if the tops I was purchasing went with it. They also have a bathroom easily accessible  toys and books and I like the closed-in area for littler ones. Their wish list is terrific and has helped multiple times. I rarely need to shop at a regular retail store because I almost always find what I need. Have saved a fortune over the years. Mindy Not impressive at all. I went in hoping to look for baby gear and there was not much merchandise. I am not a big fan of kid to kid or hissy fits but I would chose those stores over this place. I put my son in the kids area and the rug reeked of old gym socks and as I walked around I realized the entire store had a stench. Toys were in bad condition and I didn't even take a look at clothes because it couldn't handle the smell. I am a second time mom and have been on a budget since my first child so I know quality and a bargain this place has neither. I gave two stars because a few of the toys out front were worth looking at but that's it. Lots of cloths and toys to choose from and fairly priced. Gear is constantly changing." I have not consigned yet just been a frequent shopper. I am overall very happy and have nothing but great things to say about the location." In my rush to get to the Children's Museum I managed to forget to put shoes on my 1 year old (who does that?!). I'd stopped at another shop a few minutes before they closed and they were unwilling to let me get what I needed to avoid a disaster of an outing.  As I drove past the shop I saw they still had toys out and hoped they'd allow me in (even though at this point it was past closing time on a Friday).  They were so kind and I was able to find what I needed (and a couple of other things).  I don't know how big of a deal this was to the people there but it was MAJOR for my girls and me."  doors were locked at 430 in a Wednesday when their sign says 5. I will update this if they are ever open."  they are very slow at evaluating and pricing the items that I was immediately handed a pick up slip and told that I would have to come back at 4PM for my cash (It was 11AM).  For an almost new "I can't believe there aren't 100 other reviews on here! This place was THE WORST! I will not return here nor will I reccomend it! I walked it with 2 bags full. I went to the back where there were 2 employees finishing up with another lady. I should've taken it as a hint when the lady said "" No I'll just take my stuff and sell it on Craigslist. I can get more out of it that way!"" I stayed to wait it out. Big mistake! The lady left with her stuff. The 2 employees didn't even acknowledge me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Instead they proceeded to talk crap about the lady that just left! Their exact words ""What makes them think we even care? Take it or leave it. I don't care"" Hello! I was standing there! They still didn't speak to me as I got up and left! Other mothers! You suck! Hire people who CARE....who WANT to work!!!!!!!! I went to Kid To Kid on Tatum & Thunderbird.....SO MUCH BETTER!"  toys are more.  The five is because the prices are the best for the selection and more so "I hate this store and the ONE on bell !!!!!!  They rip you off  I did go ONCE to the store off of greenway and also witnessed the women in the back (consignment area) trash talking a customer that they had an earlier conversation with. I love consignment shops for kids clothes  we had to look through a lot of WalMart clothing as well to find any upscale bargains."  you can find some designer stuff here... If you go to buffalo exchange it's basically paying department store prices EDIT: Management reached out to me with an apology  but still. And guess what I was given. 5 BUCKS! Talk about a slap in the face. That's probably what I paid in gas to drive from downtown to up there to drop the bag off. I don't think I've ever had a pleasant experience here. I have never bought from them You can always get store credit and you are able to use it at any of their resale shops  the stairs cracked and my kids are tiny so it wasn't from them. The set faded so fast and it's been a little over two years and we have a heap of broken faded junk we now have to haul off. When I called after we had it for 5 months the rude lady told me she could not help me and it was just from the weather here in AZ! All my friends got their sets from Costco and paid so much less without any problems! Lesson learned here from us Gave them a call to see if they had trampoline mats because we bought one on Amazon and we got the wrong one so I wanted to see how much there's was just too maybe exchange it the guy I was talking with on the phone oh my goodness he was so rude because I told him we bought something off of Amazon he now when the defensive mode and was talking down to me like I was wrong his stuff is the best in the business we should've gone with him right away. I thought that was so rude he told me that his trampolines last forever while reading these reviews I don't think that's true not happy with this company and I don't recommend it to anybody" 