Grabbed a couple of dozen bagels and took to work.  Man they don't last long.  Bagels are good and the service is friendly.  They were real busy but make time to chat will working. They're convenient and delicious - what more can I say or ask for?"  but there wasn't a napkin in the bag. Seems like a silly oversight."  cheese and some bacon for under 10 bucks!  You'll have left over food and cash" Cream cheese is $1.50 per bagel.  Make sure you order a tub for $3.00 .  Check prices.  We ordered three bagels and we're charged $4.50 for cream cheese at drive through.  The person at the window was nice to drop the cream cheese down to the tub price.  Bagels are very good. Repeated my order 3 times and it still got screwed up. I had a feeling something was going to be off and sure enough....  we were in a hurry to go somewhere and my dad suggested we get brueggers.... Of course  we went through the drive thru and the lady who took our order was snobby. To make matters worse  you get what you see . The service is hit or miss depending on who is working . I do feel it is a bit expensive for the quality of food you get . The place is too small especially at the counter area ." Have had soup and bagel sandwich in the past and it was very enjoyable." "Junk worse than McDonald. My wife is a fan of this shop in Fairfax VA. Westopped for a quick breakfast. The poppers were stale bagels hard and the worst thing was when they heated the egg omlette in the microwave. For someone who does not use this at home  a baker's dozen and a container of cream cheese is over 14 bucks. In a town with a pizza joint on every corner  Here's how you join! Text: ustext ebb7 To: 368674 then reply ""yes"" to subscribe! My kids got a couple of Smoothies before we headed downtown and everything was delicious! I typically go to Starbucks for Espresso's but I found their's to be just as good with a better price...I now have a new place for coffee and breakfast..."  you should try the bagel dog. They wrap bagel around the dog. When they heat it up Horrible experience again made sandwich wrong for 3rd visit. Will never be back. Ever Never again will I go to this location."  wasting money for wrong order!!!! I hope manager is gonna read this. First time I got there sandwich was soooo good that's why you get the star. But after you screw up twice my order I don't wanna waste money again! Enjoy the 20$ you took for wrong order!!!" It's sad. I used to get such great service at this location. Today both girls behind the counter were so rude and had zero personality. After waiting about 8 minutes for a bagel and a sandwich she yelled my order and basically threw the bag at me over the counter. I live right around the corner and will not go back there again. They may want to look into getting some new team members who value their job and understand the value of customer service. Service is terrible. Waited for 15 minutes for a bagel with cream cheese with no line.  they had 3 employees working but only 2 were working actively on serving and taking orders. They other employee was doing I don't know what. It shouldn't take 15 minutes to get a dozen bagels. At least the bagels were good." I'm thinking this place is where they give people who can't function at a normal job a place to work . Horrible service and food.  what sets this one apart is the staff. They are all extremely nice and accommodating and always up for a little chit chat while our food is being prepared. If you are in the mood for some bagels head on over!" If you sign up for their email news letter they usually send some pretty good deals every few weeks or so."  it was only $1.79 plus tax!  I got the bagel free because I joined their rewards club.  Perfect way to start my day!! You shall not be disappointed by their broad selection of wonderful treats & such.  I would love to try their lunch bagel sandwiches!"  made to order bagels. Great low-fat smoothies. Staff is always nice and patient with my gazillion order changes. There's so many great choices! They also have texting sign-ups and I get free coffee and bagels with my orders all the time."  and I don't understand how they can use the term ""egg"" in the name.  There's no way in hell that slimy yellow gelatin came from a chicken!   Absolutely horrible."  despite the inevitable confusion and backup that such a small space causes at times. Other than that Lots of options. The sandwiches are moderately priced and good. Avoid the cupcakes - they are dry. The service was friendly and fast  this is what Pittsburghers must settle for. I we can hope for is that one day a kind Philadelphian or New Yorker will show us the light Metered street parking..."  and treats throughout the day. The only problem I have is that they tend to seem to be more focused on their large catering orders and less on individual sales (at least the Ellsworth location). Otherwise "I am not sure what makes a perfect bagel but after eating at Bagel Factory I am pretty sure I am darn well close to it. Don't let the drab decor of the store fool you. Bagel Factory churns out delicious perfections of bakery like no one's business and we were told that the Penguins get their bagels from here too so we know we are in the right place. I've ordered the lox sandwich "The BEST bagel place in town.  Hands down.  Not even a contest.  The bagels are boiled (the traditional style) and not overly large and doughy.  Their lox sandwich is amazing.  A sizable hunk of lox with fresh tomato and onion "I do not see what all of the fuss is about - maybe it is due to the lack of authentic bagel options in the area? I agree that their bagels are authentic  but I thought the service was far worse. One of the male employees helping us referred to one of the females as an ""old hag"" which I thought was extremely unprofessional and uncool. I'm sure he was joking  I find it in bad taste when an establishment changes their prices for those using a Groupon or other coupon. I am using the coupon (which your store issued) to save money and then they increase their prices for those using the Groupon!" "Don't come here from NYC looking for a good bagel and lox A little overpriced but the bagels are always good and fresh. The cinnamon French toast (made from their cinnamon log bread) is also very good! Okay bagels though a little overpriced. Been to squirrel hill location and Ellsworth location once each. Have consistently had rude customer service. Really turns me off. Won't be going back even though the bagels are okay. The one has blueberry tastes amazing  and employees. This is definitely a good place to stop in mornings for coffee and a bagel for breakfast. It tends to be more of a get-your-food-on-the-go place rather than a Panera or Bruegger's where you can sit and maybe work. The first time I came here I purchased a Groupon for maybe $20 worth of food. This may be a Groupon policy  huge menu and fresh bagels. The Ellsworth location is even better because it has all those great features and is way less crowded. Outside seating and super friendly staff make it my new favorite place to stroll on weekend mornings!" "Great local place for bagels and breakfast sandwiches. I have been to delis in NYC and the food at the Bagel Factory is much better. If you can get your hands on it There aren't many bagel places in Pittsburgh The main dude that everyone seems to have difficulty with based on these reviews is a bit eccentric but we've never had an off putting experience with him.  He's just a bit socially awkward Thus place has great bagels and breakfast sandwiches. Everything in here looks delicious. I've not had any of the deli products or sweets but the seem to be popular.  they are chewy but a little light for me.  The flavor was a shade doughy.  I'm not sure they have the space to retard them overnight or exactly how they're being made so I can't go into their failing in specifics.  The everything bagel doesn't have everything!  Where's the salt?  Where was the onion and garlic?  It's not an everything bagel.  The 2 bagels and cream cheese were $6.  Seems like a lot to me.  Not really counting it against them exactly but I did notice it.  Meh."  bacon and lettuce on a bagel with a Matzo ball soup. I took it back to my office for my lunch and everything was amazing! Especially the soup! It was probably the best soup I've ever had in my life. The broth was real chicken broth with bits of celery and chicken with a huge Matzo ball in the center. It was heavenly."  and cheese on a bagel; checked my bank account two days later and I was charged $10 total....hmmm when I checked out I remember the guy telling me it was $8 and something (which is still over priced as it should not have cost me more than $6.80 +tax for both when looking at their prices). Not to mention  the sandwiches...pretty much everything. They have omelets and things for breakfast  and the place occasionally has weird smells that can't be attributed to anything edible. Save yourself the trouble." "Was somewhat disappointed with my order from Bagel Factory today. The bagel was so-so (everything bagel just seemed to be a normal bagel -I doubt homemade- with a few sesame seeds poppy seeds on top). The eggs and cheese were puny and fell off of the bagel super easy. Not horrible "I just found the worst breakfast spot in Pittsburgh. For a  ""bagel factory"" the bagels tasted like they were two weeks old. I'm not kidding. Two weeks old. I got an egg and cheese sandwich. I already expressed my opinion on the bagel. The egg and cheese were disgusting."  and friendly faces behind the counter. I used to frequent it here when I lived a block away "Worst place ever! Bad food - ordered  a bagel sandwich - yuck! And the customer service was horrible. Apparently the guy was the owner  and so-so bagel sandwiches. I've tried several of their sandwiches and been disappointed Prepared bagels and sandwiches are a bit pricey but there are a lot of coupons and promotions available. The ""Last Night's Bagels"" are a great deal and if toasted Surprisingly they have wi-fi though I have never seen anybody studying working with a laptop. This location is nice in that it has a whole upstairs to eat your food but the configuration of entering and ordering doesn't make sense to me. When you enter the store  and get a new staff for this location." While I was here I just had a simple everything bagel toasted w cream cheese.  It hit the spot.  Still as good as I remember them." The staff is quick but friendly.  The selection can be thin if you get there after 9.00a but I certainly prefer limited options to bagels that might not be as fresh."  and Brueggers really is a Pittsburgh staple. A skinny zesty egg white breakfast sandwich is the perfect way to go for a lite breakfast."  I've always enjoyed stopping in here while hanging out in Shadyside. It's at the perfect location at the end of Walnut (though technically on Aiken) to grab something on your way into Shadyside or on your way out. I walked in today and the manager greeted me sweetly. I just picked up a bag of day-old bagels (who can beat a bag of 6 for less than 3 bucks?) and a soda "Began my Yelp account in hopes of reminiscing and offering reviews on all my old favorite spots upon my return visit home. Have to say I'm more than disappointed with how downhill this Brueggers has gone. Great food "Pamela is a bad representation of this location! Attitude and lack of hygiene is an issue for this ""employee."" I will not return."  order your drink while they make your bagel and if you slurp it all down while still in line they are more than happy to give you a free refill as you head out the door." I agree...parking nightmare.  Would be better if you walked here.  Also do not attempt to go here on a Saturday or Sunday if you don't like long lines.  the staff is slow and does not care that they are slow. They frequently mess up my friends orders when we go there. The food is okay typical Brueggers quality usually which is the only reason I am giving it 2 stars instead of the 1." I used to love their salad... Not anymore. Cutting too many corners." I just do NOT understand why this location is so slow... I would not recommend this spot to anyone AVOID until this store gets its act together." A massive thank you to this bagel place. There was a group of 10 runners that were supposed to have a water stop set up nearby that wasn't there. The staff very kindly gave us water which made a 17 mile training run much more pleasant. Thank You and I will definitely be patronizing this shop and sending others as well! - Bruegger's Social Team"  like all other Bruegger's. The non bagel options at this particular location are a bit more limited and the space is a tad on the small side but by and by I do love the rosemary olive oil bagel. It's great toasted with butter - and something different that you can't get at many other bagel places." Overall an acceptable place to grab a quick bite  of course) that get you in the mood. They even have a cute window with a nice view up there. The whole place is really cute!" They freshly squeeze the oranges and grapefruits in front of you for your Screwdrivers and Greyhounds so you don't have to worry about nasty impurities from the fruit juice ruining your cocktail.  Why make your liver work harder than it already has to." "My personal favorite Pittsburgh bar. Notorious for fresh juice and strong drinks. For the first few years I lived in pgh this was our standard last stop before heading home. Not once did I remember leaving the bar. Things have slowed down a bit since then  wait for it........ a mrs. packman machine."  this is your neighborhood bar.  If you need to meet someone for a drink and just talk it out - this is the place.  A good friend of mine always points out the ugly carpet.  Yep  and bar seating. One time I came with a group of people (~12) and the regulars looked quite disgruntled to have their seats and environment overrun by social beings. Generally it's just one person behind the bar and if multiple people finish their drink at the same time  and listen to buckets of rain by dylan and your night is complete"  smoky and dark.  That pretty much sums up this little bar."  a lounge (in the very best sense of the word) masquerading (appropriately enough) as a bar.  I wish I could turn down a heretofore unseen alley - or walk through a wardrobe - in Chicago and find myself sitting at the bar." I lived across the street from Mardi Gras for a year.  It was a pleasure I can't begin to describe. "Weird mix of local drunks and school crowd. Drink specials were nice. Had a pint of Brooklyn stout that was only $2.50. Pretty good deal compared to the Miller Light only type specials in other local bars. No tabs or credit cards They don't serve food here either so plan on getting messed up if you don't eat anything before you go. The bar is very dark but a lot of my friends love this place and whenever alumni came back TIPebazlAGJsp8zAwhNkcw  and may even do magic tricks for you."  giving you a window in the mind of the owners' vision for the gruff no-nonsense watering hole they have created right off of Pittsburgh's most fashionable shopping area. Drinks are poured very generously  but thoroughly enjoy every time I do. I came here alone to watch the superbowl earlier this year If you want a place to listen to some good music TIPebazlAGJsp8zAwhNkcw P.S. - It was cash only last time I checked."  if that weird looking guy next to you won't. It's a great escape from the bro-scene that is most of Walnut St. and they have booths which themselves would be enough to make me love this place. I've had many sloppy nights here and made many stranger friends. Order a greyhound and watch the bartender squeeze fresh juice into your drink and kick it with strangers at the bar."  and you can't go wrong if you're in the mood for a strong drink."  this place is full of smoke.  It's likely the least sexy bar in all of pgh but its one of my favorites." One of my friends that I was with knew the bartender there and helped us with different recommendations. Drinks are defiantly on the strong side which is ok with me. We grabbed a booth off to the side and enjoyed the rest of the night. I loved the dark 60's music atmosphere there  you can even smoke cigars here. Total throwback This is without a doubt the best alcoholic's bar in Shadyside. Smoking permitted. Extremely strong cocktails. The downside is that its a bit pricey but you are compensated well in alcohol. The bartenders are good people. Downsides: poorly lit - on weekends it can get a bit packed - so packed that you have to stand and in such a small space that's a bit uncomfortable. "Wondered into this place looking for some mixed drinks.  The bartender told us they were known for they fruity drinks  but you're better off bringing money so you don't have to deal with the surcharge."  available to order is a vodka drink made with fresh squeezed fruit." You must try this place"  dark ominous ambiance and lively patrons. According to Le Mardi Gras' website they've also hosted a variety of celebrities including Rocky Marciano I think I had an atypical experience. I would return under the condition that there was a special event occurring." "I moved to California ~2 years ago and miss Mardi Gras more than anything else. Richie and crew provided a home for all "Super super strong drinks. Very smoky and small On the weekends it gets crowded...and smokey. Smoke doesn't generally bother me I just can't do more than three stars. I have a feeling I'll be back here in the future though (my friend loves it)  talking to Brose and listening to good blues on the jukebox. I can't say enough about how great the Mardi Gras is." "Slightly pricier than other bars in the area but you get what you pay for. Any time I get a mixed drink it's 98% alcohol and 2% mixer. I don't think I've ever had more than 2 drinks here because that's really all you need. Great music selection in an old school juke box. The only downside for us nonsmokers is that it is a poorly ventilated smoking bar I know I've been here a few times and yet I have no memory of the experience.  That says it all.  wasn't crowded at all. Bartender was super attentive from the moment we walked in. My girlfriend ordered a Manhattan and I got an Old Fashioned. Both were poured with a heavy hand I hate the smoke - you can smell it in your clothes and hair the next day and it's just gross. Just a heads up in case you're new to Pittsburgh and its insanely lax smoking laws." See you there on a Sunday at last call."  perhaps - where only those in the know appreciate it for what it is.  I definitely recommend you stop by next time you're in the area "Bartender needs to tighten up his false sense of righteousness. Otherwise The only downside to this place is that it is pretty smoky if you are a non-smoker. Otherwise ..we need to head back though." TIPebazlAGJsp8zAwhNkcw "Mardi Gras is a fun place. Its definitely got a different vibe from most of the other places in the Walnut Street area. The drinks are reasonably priced and the bar service is good. It is definitely the most ""dive-y"" place in the neighborhood  your dozen bagels (sliced) and Box of Coffee is ready to go. Comes with 2 cream cheeses and the staff was very friendly about the order. Sometimes places Its such a nice change to a greasy fried breakfast.  I'm glad I went and I will be back!" The employees are friendly and the food is great and its a great option for breakfast or lunch!"  and the decor cleanliness could use a little UMPH." Brueggers Bagels when hot and fresh the bagel are good. I don't like the fact that they ask if you want the bagel toasted that is already hot or warm. Being from Jersey this is not a question asked in the early morning hours by any of the bagel shops. They really rip you off with their drink prices so grab a water at the gas station and save a buck.  one specialty bagel and a chicken-pesto ciabatta. All is made to order and 100% fresh! We loved it! But keep in mind "Cream cheese skimp alert!! We pay ~$7 per smoked salmon bagel and they put the cream cheese on like people butter their toast. They have no clue what the word ""toasted"" means. It really is just warming the bagel. The lox bagels are not even made open face. Not going back again." I'm roughly equidistant from a few Bruegger's locations.  I occasionally visit other locations and am consistently disappointed Truly one of the BEST bagels I have ever had. I got the Veggie Asiago Bagel and it was worth every calorie. I was very please with the kindness of the employees as well. Definitely gonna be my go to spot for bagels in Charlotte. I'm not from around here but I will make it a point to stop in when I'm around." "The bagels was nice but I was the only one in there and I asked for a toasted gable with cream cheese and lox. I got back to my office and the bagel was not toasted. How hard is it to get that right when its the only think i ordered and the pace was empty?  Wish they also carried sable . The staff or lady was nice Came here one morning. There was a line but it wasn't too bad. I got the everything bagel and it was everything you could ask for. The flavor is so good and the bagel wasn't too chewy. Normally I wouldn't rate a fast food place a 4 but their salmon bagel is something to write home about! What a wonderful place for a quick breakfast! I've come here almost every single day for breakfast before work and the people that work here are super nice!!!! They already know my order by now :) Karis is such a sweetheart and is always up for some quick conversation!!!! The staff is awesome and did I mention the bagels!?! Extremely tasty!!! "Halfpenny's is a soda   ice cream   quick-bite-to-eat shop in the bottom of Two Wachovia Center.  Hours are 7 a.m. to 4 p.m.  This is a popular spot to grab coffee "I love a place where you can get a sandwich on a toasted ""everything"" bagel.  Halfpenny's is my jam when I just want a bagel sandwich and some chips  and ALOHAAAAA... delicious.  You can't really beat it for a cheap and good quality cuppa.  (*side note* there is a $3 minimum for credit cards This is my spot for coffee and bagels each day. Ice cream is also fantastic... They remember what I order and I get my bagel and coffee in about 3 minutes. Service doesn't get any better than here!!  especially for those who eat out on a regular basis and just need FOOD. I have tried to find other places to get sandwiches (often more expensive) HzZ3424aEgmElEP06l0KKA  made by cheerful folk. I've been going there for years  and not much flavor.  It's no where close to ""cream of"" anything.   The cheese on the sandwich was so thin that I pried it open just to ensure myself that they hadn't only given me 2 pieces of plain bread.  I like to support small mom and pop businesses The BEST place for breakfast sandwiches in the Wells Fargo Mall They also sell delicious items such as natural and organic peanut butter mixed with dark chocolate. They've got yummy sounding salads and soups. A great place to come for lunch And best of all...the wireless is fast and free! If you get here at a time that isn't overrun by the lunch crowd  Bruegger's is never too packed; you're in and out pretty quickly. My girlfriend loves their Leonardo di Veggie bagel sandwich Tip: I wasted $2 on a very very disgusting and watered down Iced Coffee. Avoid at all costs. Minus 1 star for that."  this Cotswold location is NOT attached to a Caribou. Others in Charlotte are  with all the standards and a few surprises and good cream cheese - I am excited to try Poppy's soon but this will always be a great place in Cotswold to get some carb lobving :)"  for the line I'm not sure what that was about cause I think I could've gotten a better bagel at Starbucks. Guessing it was some of the other lunch options." "Excellent service. Always a friendly smile. This is a location i frequent often. The staff and managment are always friendly  the staff was very nice. I just need to avoid bagel sandwiches...."  decided to try them on my own. Was very pleased with the zesty egg white turkey on rosemary olive oil bagel. It was a mid Monday morning so no service issue. Was pretty happy with my selection and would gladly go back." The skinny bagel breakfast sandwich is the perfect amount to start your day. Add a pumpkin spice coffee to top it off! If you're in a hurry don't come here." I hope to see a turn around but in the weeks since the change I have seen only one thing a decrease in the service and quality I've come to expect. At this time I can no longer promote this place as one I'd recommend to friends or coworkers" This brueggs kinda sucks. Every time I've come they are out of multiple kinds of bagels so someone isn't doing their counts correctly (use to work at a brueggers). The service is lousy. Also apparently brueggers discontinued sprouts-not this stores fault but wtf?! Sprouts are awesome. Going to Poppy's next time. It's clear I'm not the only one who has given up coming here frequently; this used to be a fun hangout spot as well "Each of the Charlotte area Brueggers need some serious help. Same sandwhich never costs the same price. The staff seems put out and complains of being overworked and understaffed. I paid $8.00 + for a turkey on a bagel and am still trying to figure which golden ingredient I picked to warrant this insane price for a weak sandwhich. Sad  but I have never encountered anything bad either. I stop by once a month or so...."  and condescending service.  This used a great place. New management? They seem to mess up small and large orders alike as well as make every attempt to ruin your day.  Don't do it!  Not the only bagels in town anymore."  but it had horrible customer service. One of the workers commented on my friend's outfit in a negative manner... Saying her outfit was ""fun"" than proceeded to laugh. There was a lot of gossip that happened while we were sitting there. It was just a toxic environment and most likely will not be back. It did satisfy the breakfast sandwich need but other than that not a great experience."  friendly service. There was no wait. Prices are ok. The parking is pretty plentiful "A lot of talking among staff causing them to be very slow with my order at lunchtime.  This is really frustrating Gave it one more try guess I'm a gluten for punishment .. Figured in a year it would change.. It's even worse the attitude of the employees are disgusting the health rating is a 95 figures place is falling apart and filthy... Park rd please open an einsteins or somewhere else ... I will stick to the juice bar next door give this dump a miss ...  even with the slightest of issue.  I think it shows how much they care and really just means a lot to the whole of the business and what they think of their customers.  Connecting this way with people is a reason I will be back.  I know if I ever have a problem Coffee is good though."  and I'm sitting in the Starbucks next door using the free Brueggers wifi rather than the paid Starbucks T-Mobile. Thanks  and cheese on a blueberry bagel.  Very good!  Plenty of Christmas cheer in terms of decor and special gifts available.  If I lived nearby I'd go there again.  :)"  but it'll have to remain at 2 until I get my next bagel (also gratis) before the coupon expires."  I really do not know where you are going to find a better bagel option than Bruegger's.  If you are an implanted northerner as many of us are Whenever I'm craving a carb-filled breakfast on the run I grab a bagel and my day starts off well!  $2.50 for a cream cheese bagel zOY-W35waCcBWDmjX7_MFQ Best bagel breakfast I ever had  but the breakfast I had was disgusting. The manager was super funny and really sweet. I just had to sit down and eat the whole thing. The egg kind of tasted like rubber "So tasty! They recommended a bagel for me that is beyond wonderful. Fantastic customer customer service  and make snarky comments about customers that visit regularly. . Before they even walk into the store. And they say this as your standing in front of them. Like I said great food  I would definitely go here again." Great sandwiches. Lot of options in bagels. But I like the bread better. It is a small place to have grab a quicky. "Was in university area and wanted fast breakfast that wasn't super greasy. I got the skinny zesty egg white on a whole wheat everything bagel. The bagel was good A few things to keep in mind: the line is often longggg and they don't keep up with a crowd well.  They have been out of varieties (including plain) on both of my visits.  Don't have your heart set on a variety because they may be out.  Employees are not super attentive--- I overheard a customer ask ""how many do I have left"" when ordering a dozen and the employee responded ""I don't know.""  Lol--- I guess he was just throwing them all in the bag." "My husband and I walked out of there completely dumbfounded.  First we were greeted with a very loud and abrupt ""r u ready to order?!""  Then I ordered the Leonardo de veggie and the woman looked at me like I was crazy and whipped her head around to find it on the menu.  After she read the ingredients she said rudely ""we don't have a any red onion!""  At that point I just ordered a bagel with cream cheese as I felt she didn't want to make what I wanted.  The best part of the whole experience was when my husband went to hand the cashier his debit card she pushed his hand away and exclaimed ""you paid six dollars for a drink!? Keep your money!  (Noticing his Jamba Juice smoothie in his other hand). So we left there with two free sandwiches but it didn't make up for the really obnoxious service." Definitely recommend ordering any of the bagels that have a hot sign because they are the most delicious Great breakfast bagel but the service was what made it a 5 star experience! Thanks to Tanarus Henry for being so kind and helpful! Grabbed an early breakfast with my dad here. The guys behind the counter were so friendly and helpful ! The bagels were delicious and the service was fast plus French Toast coffee! I love it here.  Where the heck can we find a good bagel and slice of pizza? Someone told me that Einstein bagels has bagels that taste just like New York bagels  the latter has been happening more frequently than I like so I only foresee myself heading back there (if that at all) if I get one of their coupons in the mail" Friendly fast service...they've got a streamlined process of pushing people through the line "Bagel anyone?  I'll take Einstein over pretty much any other.  Breakfast bagels are simply the best with lots of variety  then this is the place for you! I could eat breakfast or lunch here everyday! I am so thankful that I can just walk right across the street from where I live and eat here." Good bagels a little expensive for a toasted bagel and cream cheese. We also ordered the turkey sandwiches for lunch later on and they were decent but not worth $7 a piece. "There are several locations and there can be a huge differnce in product quality and service from one to the next. The 16th Street & Camleback location makes the absolute best chipotle turkey wrap (and I've tried it at four different locations). They layer the turkey  and there's nothing wrong with the food. But the staff leaves the coffee too long - it always tastes burnt / bitter / terrible (just go next door and get a Starbucks). They also take no interest in the cleanliness of the place - I have never seen someone come out and wipe down tables or sweep up debris. Staff turnover is high and competence is low; they tend to have an attitude."  taking orders to tables and bringing out fresh coffee.  The service was so quick and friendly!  Good job guys!"  I see a ton of bad reviews about all of the Einsteins. You would think corporate would take these reviews from the general population into some serious consideration. We may not be official food critics ahh its those darn coupons in the mail for two dollar tuesday and free bagel friday that rope me in. Usually i leave feeling like a fool for falling for it once again. Rest assured its bound to happen again."  but Einstein's has become rather bland and boring over the years Until you offer plain old unsweetened ice tea I'm not giving you your star back."  and there is nothing better in the world than a BLT on an everything bagel.  And they can do it right.  I'm sure there are quainter  this place just rocked.  they are super fast and if you get there at the right time The service here has always been quick and they almost always give just the right amout of cream cheese." Sometimes the line can get long so be prepared. Always good service and great food/well stocked.  but worth the wait...the bagels were fresh and delicious!  Sit on the patio at Camelback instead of at the main entrance on the back side...more space to spread out!  Very friendly staff too!"  I'm guess that most of the problems come down from the corporate level.  However Great service love their yogurt parfait with fresh fruit   it shows through all of your employees.  Keep up the great work!"  their Autumn brewed coffee is my favorite (you have no idea) and after asking 3 times for it and waiting 40 minutes and it still was not ready I have also filed a complaint with the Maricopa Department of Environmental Services which will be sending someone in to investigate the location and it's problem.  For your safety and those you care about  the young lady didn't greet me and refused to look me in the eye.  It's been a similar story with my previous visits.  The store seems to stay fairly busy in the morning hours.  I don't know if this contributes to the service problem or not.  Either way "Service has been only okay all three times we came here. Order was wrong 3/3 times. General manager gave me a free drink I recommend Einstein's for it's service and variety!" There was another indecent a week earlier where I ordered a Bagel Strudel and got some hard stale loaf of something with nuts and berries in it. I ate 1/2 and threw it away and never complained."  some locations are better than others- they are not always consistent."  we've ended up with a duplicate sandwich.  Neither time did either the order taker or cashier mention that we had two of the same sandwiches.  And the multiple sandwiches with incorrect items are simply a sign of the ""whatever"" philosophy this Einsteins has seemingly recently adopted.  This used to be the primo Einsteins in the Valley.  So good Its always great. (In the mornings) my asparagus egg mushroom bagel didn't have the sause it usually does and my chicken noodle soup was just not good. Next time Ill just come earlier. KNIw6kwf8LZkrS1lEnaLiw The bagels and coffee are good though."  two pumpernickel and a challah bun. That was all. I asked when I might be able to get say sesame or everything or plain and was told it would be about twenty minutes. Really 20 minutes? It only takes about 12 minutes to bake a bagel so in other words you don't plan to make any more. wtf Einstein's I didn't go there to buy cream cheese. I won't bother to stop again. smucks." XMjpiuy9AIF4LndEHrfgVA and shift leaders for the past 6 months. Yes! They treat their own workers with disrespect. I feel like I'm on a middle school campus when I'm there. I honestly believe my girlfriend  brought good customer service skills which brought repeat business to a place that already had a bad reputation ( look at the other reviews) .  Most of the customers that came in   then I said the bagel is cold because they had set it aside after toasting it & was hard. I just wanted a bagel :(  I shouldn't have to feel bad for paying for a product & service that I had no part in making."  received fruit.  Literally some of the most incompetent people working here.  Also their restrooms are disgusting.  Hope their corporate pays more attention soon." "First off I love Einsteins bagels. Been to many locations. This one is by my new job and already been 10 times in a month. I could eat a bagel daily. Too bad this place has worst service! Literally yesterday I walked in. There was one other customer just waiting for her order. The 2 employees behind the counter were too busy making fun of her to complete her order or take mine. It's like how dare I come in while they are busy talking. Every time no smile  ever. I waited 45 minutes for my first order the first time I came and they ran out of what I wanted so I didn't leave happy the first time...and this 2nd trip was the cherry topping- I called in my order to avoid having to wait..and make sure they would have wanted. 2 Asiago bagles with butter. Nothing complicated. They said ok and I got there...paid...and they made my order...waited another 30 minutes for the guy to call me over and say ""Hey we don't have any Asaigo bagels""...my jaw hit the floor. Then why why did why did I why did I pay for that? And I wait 30 minutes to find this out? His response was the worst part...""I had 3 people call out today"". That sounds like a personal problem & flaw in your business operation. I ended up grabbing the bag of plain bagels that I sufficed with and left the location telling the manager to their face I will never be back. Really disappointed Einsteins. No effort to recorrect my order." Only one person making food while not sure what others were doing in the back room.  Unless you have extra time....stay ear of this place if you can."  as another customer had to go back multiple times to get the correct order and I just wanted to eat. Paid a .55 cent up charge for the special bagel I didn't get. After reading the other reviews of consistent problems with incorrect orders  so the food is pretty standard. The employees could be happier and/or quicker." "I searched online for a cosmetic dentist prior to my son's wedding in December of 2012. I just wanted to have composite redone on one of my front teeth. I should say that the office is lovely During my initial visit I was told that veneers on my two front teeth would look wonderful. The first flag was the expense - $1585 per veneer.  Keep in mind that this was Christmas time and before my son's wedding. They made it sound so wonderful and easy that I decided to go for it (despite the hefty expense).  but the resulting temporaries looked very good. I was happy. The following month is when the veneers were applied - then the nightmare began. The first set of veneers were applied in January of 2013 and were not bad  they fell out three times while I waiting weeks for the new veneers to come in. One time they fell out on a Saturday so I was toothless and couldn't leave the house until Monday morning.  Another time it was on a Thursday night when I was leaving on a airplane the next day. Luckily During this time the office double billed my debit card - $900 and it took several days to correct. Then the new veneers came in and they were still too long. And the shape never came out the same as the temporaries and the veneers are opaque unlike natural teeth so now my teeth don't match. Then I've always had nice teeth - and have always been known for my smile - and now I don't want to smile. Three other dentists have told me that I will need to have a minimum of 6 new (but probably 10) veneers to make my teeth blend and they all agree the teeth are bulky and opaque. My front teeth also protrude now - almost like I need braces and my front teeth are long and hang over my lowers (which wasn't the case before). By the way I met with Dr. Price to get my money back for the two veneers (I had also had spent 2k on other work which was done well) and she said that she had told me I would need to have more veneers from the start but that is not the case. I would NEVER have agreed to get the two front veneers done if I knew this - this would cost 10K or more! Now I am looking to going through the pain and expense of getting a full set of veneers PLUS pay to have the two front ones redone. I don't have the money or the time. Bagels for the office - fine.  Go for it.  They'll even pre-cut them which I think is a great option.  And they almost always have my fav (pumpernickel) available which gives them bonus points.  But for lunch?  Unless you're really having a very specific craving that Compared with the real deal in NYC or even some of its independent counterparts around Phoenix Edit: They have cleaned up service a bit.  Haven't had a single problem in several months." 5Js9G0axfWhbYlB9UgXLww Get the asiago cheese bagel with sun-dried tomato cream cheese!!!!!!!!! I'd probably give more stars if EVERYTHING was a bit cheaper...." Had a coupon for a free bagel and shmear from facebook so went in for my usual sun dried tomato bagel toasted with plain cream cheese.  I swallowed it down with a lemonade.  The bagels here are always pretty good and the breakfast sandwiches are good too. Love that they have the dozen to go bagels ready and boxed.  Ran in and ran out and back to the office to feed the team!  and their mass produced and over priced bagels aren't much better. I spent $6 on a bagel Went in today for a bagel an cream cheese. I used to always get a sun dried tomato bagel and today I found out it's discontinued. :( I will not be coming back anymore.  I warn you. Some of the employees don't pay attention."  I ordered my bagel with cream cheese (cream cheese being a $1.50 option) to go and that was my real mistake.  Whoever made the bagel didn't even manage to slice all the way through the bagel and put an amount of cream cheese approximately equivalent to a pat of butter on one-half of the bagel.  The other half was basically dry.  Unbelievable.  Needless to say  and I'd probably visit every morning if one was a bit closer to my house. But when did it become so pricey? Einstein was an old college hangout Looks like they have a new menu. The line is long at times. Service is fast once I was able to order. Overall very average. The service was slow. We asked about our order and they had skipped right over it. The half and half is always empty and we typically need to ask for it to be filled. There seem to be a lot of people on staff but still very very slow.   Their prices seem high for the product that you receive.  out of creamer for the coffee."  the pretzel world and the bagel one. And I love their cream cheese. It is light and fluffy. Plus it actually fills me up. As far as service and other conditions of the place. Eh I never been too bothered to notice. The guy who takes my orders now remembers my name  I was in a deep craving of fruits and this was the closest spot to me that Thursday that offered such small craving to-go. The service was okay/good. Could have been better."  enjoyed my bagel and tasty coffee Overall I'm a fan! Want to check this place out? I say give it a go!" It was very clean and just calm inside of Einstein on this lovely Sunday morning"  there's now more of a demand for both of these.  You can make more of them to meet the demand or don't and demand will go down from people like me not coming back to your store.  Dunkin Doughnuts  a dab of cranberry sauce and a mediocre turkey lunch meat slice for $8... Not worth it. Very disappointed. Good orange juice though."  and the last straw was the gross bathroom. You can tell it had not been cleaned in months. There was so much grime on the sink and the paper towel dispenser I was majorly grossed out. It makes me wonder how clean the kitchen area really was. My order was wrong which Happens no big deal... On top of that I have never had good customer service there- next time I will drive the extra 10 minutes out of my way to the location on Tatum and shea's- they're always friendly and it's very clean there." This Einsteins is always kicking. They do a good job of getting through the lines that happen prior to 10. The manager is very present and interacts with the customers frequently. They offer free wifi and don't mind if you hang out for awhile. The only opportunity would be cleaning. It is not always kept up after the morning rush. Girl at front counter was in a very bad mood didn't even say hi....  dirty and rude.. last time I'm coming here My daughter and I had a yummy breakfast. Fast service. Coffee is delicious. Bagel skinny sandwiches were good. I waited 20 minutes for my asiago bagel and I was the only one in the dining area  but they forgot about it and burned my bagel. Service is terrible.  strong coffee & a generous military discount. I'll definitely be coming back! Free wifi and ample seating The place is hopping early on sunday. We  stopped by to purchase bagels they have a large variety  they are very fresh . They lines moves quickly and also a large variety of smrars.staff is friendly . Only issue is their parking lot Service was quick - but all I had ordered was a sesame bagel with cream cheese. So I should be quick.  All I will say is that they barely put any cream cheese on the bagel!! I had to pull the bagel apart just to see they remembered to put it on!  suggest a good bagel place for me." 4 stars for the food; 1 star for the service."  tall is (as far as I know) the only term for Starbucks for) small size. But I consumed all my bagel just in time until the boss walked into the office today."  especially for the price) but WOW does the service stink. Last straw - only 1 person behind counter removing bagels from the baking racks. Looked right at me a few times but never said a word to me. Really Standard leaded coffee is good.  Recommend the breakfast bagel sausage sandwich on a six cheese bagel and their fresh squeezed orange juice.  Service is good.  Everyone is hustling and trying to get people thru as quickly as possible." Coming here is our weekend routine. But this is the second time in a month that they've been out of everything bagels. It's hard to go back with a 50% chance they won't have what you want. My favorite part of Einstein Bagels is that I can get breakfast at lunch time. Breakfast is my absolute favorite meal of the day  but this is the third weekend in a row that they've been out of everything bagels. Really?!?!" I've had some trouble with them being out of Everything bagels. But they seemed to have changed their process and had plenty of bagels today!!  We were moved quickly through the line and were in and out quickly. Friendly staff too. Top notch experience and love those Everything bagels!!  bacon sandwich.  It was filling and priced appropriately.  It needed a sauce of something herbaceous and then would've deserved additional stars.  No napkin in the bag.  Glad I had one in the car!" My bagel is the EASIEST THING EVER to remake. I am SUPER LOYAL to Einstein's "My biggest complaint is having to order at one computer then having to stand there and listen to it reread two feet away by a totally different person. Why does it even need to be loaded in the first computer? It really slows down the line and half the customers change their order I.e. Drink size I will never come here agen. The girl that took my order was illiterate. Had to repeat myself multiple. She was not professional at all talking in slang to the point were she could not be understood at all and trust me I know slang. Then she forgot my ice coffee that I orderd. She then proceed to make the coffee but I had no idea what she was doing or how much of creamer/ caramel to put into the cup. Another employ had to stop and shower her what to do eventually he took over and made my coffee him self. This whole process  was way to time consuming. I will not be returning here to any location. Much better off going to your competitor Starbucks and Dutch Bros. "I said I would never come here agen because of the horrible services I received last time. However my bf wanted to come here because he likes your sandwitches. So I agreed to tagging along. The gentleman in front of use walked out out and said to use befor he left that he had been waiting for over 10min and not one of the employs had acknowledged . being that we were very hungry and had not eaten breakfast we decided that we would wait still. We the only people in line waited another 8min. Not one of your employs said hello Line wasn't bad and service super sweet. I'll be back"  your a bagel shop. You definitely need some training in inventory/product management. Won't be wasting my time here again. Oh by the way It's simple mismanaged."  I always love visiting Einsteins on Indian School and 44th St becausewhen I'm in town because I love the jalapeo bagel toasted with jalapeo cream cheese. My visit back today was absolutely less than a wonderful experience. The staff seems ""rushed"" yet the store wasn't that busy I saw Einstein Bagels and pulled in.  I had never eaten at any Einstein Bros. before but I was super happy with my decision.  I got a egg and cheese everything bagel.  It hit the spot This location is always pretty busy. Fast and friendly service. I love the lox bagel! They also have a deal on Mondays for $6 bagels so you can be the hit of the office. Good local deli. Solid food & ok service. Big turnover of help & mgrs & pkg tricky. Overall recommended but get there early.  but received un-toasted. i can't say i really cared. but when i order the bagel in its natural state  I like that I can refill it at my leisure. Like all Einsteins they put A LOT of cream cheese on the bagels I love Einstein.  Fresh bagels are the bomb!  This Einstein is consistent with the others.  I think the layout is odd the way you have to enter and cross the store to start your order.  It's also a little cramped.  Most Einsteins are layed out better than this one.  Great location facing Papa John's across the street. The new leaner breakfast sandwiches are good (they basically take the bottom and top of the bagel and you are left with smaller ends of your sandwich). An easy way to cut calories without losing the taste. Staff was quick and efficient. Food was delicious. I have always loved their bagels. :-)"  I decided to order an extra side and considering it is very freaking small you charge $1.64. Pfffffft! NY Bagels on Deer Valley WAY BETTER!"  line was out the door. Went to another- same deal. Went to Einsteins and they were busy but not crazy busy. More like steady. Next time I'll go there first. Love the cranberry tasty turkey on a cranberry bagel. Love their seasonal food too!"  though I poured the last cup of their neighborhood blend. I let them know and by the time I was walking out Love Einstein bagels.  This is local to our house and I frequent 3-4 timers per month.  Place is always clean and service is usually fast. This was at 2:30 on 11/2/13." Let's channel Einstein a bit more and get smarter with the ordering and preparing of food process!" "Love the bagels.  But . . . Need to have the boxes ready for grab and go. Never seem to have them ready when I get here Don't think I will go back as there are too many options out there and a bagel is easy enough to make perfect."  always a smile and they remember my name and my order" I take my coffee cravings two miles down the street to DD now."  I personally witnessed  2 other customers that were unhappily waiting for the orders placed for 10+ minutes. That was within the crowd of 10+ people that were also waiting. C'mon EB. Step your game up! You have a good product... Do something about customer service. You need to be quicker with a product that everyone wants." Yummy! Loved the bagel with lox!! Wish it came with a slice of lemon :) Staff with helpful. I am trying to eat lighter so I needed suggestions and they delivered! Reduced fat cream cheese w/ a whole wheat bagel! Oh man! I love this place! Everything they have is great their coffee is amazing and the service is great too! My favorite is the breakfast sandwiches but they also have great salads and I love their orange juice! Food delicious and service is usually pretty good.The quality of my food depends on who makes it.I don't like when they put my toasted bagels together because the shmear stays somewhat cold and doesn't get as soft. pNJhovUsGAZ4XqG3lCU-5g  and Cody's ethics will improve and he can learn and grow from this experience instead of regress."  interrupting any conversation I was trying to have with my father.  Any other Einstein's is better than this one.  As employees you're there to serve the customers not make it impossible to hold a conversation and entertain the other staff. Very unprofessional."  clean store. I had to smell these delicious bagels all the way to work! I'm eating a cranberry one now and it is the best!!" Really??? this is customer service?  I'm not asking to buy anything because I know cashier systems go off.  I just have 1 question. Well guess what? I rather go somewhere else then leaving my money to people who are going to get paid with it anythings." Customer service was awful. A million things could've happened that morning to create a hectic start to the day "I would have to agree with some of the others that the staff is the only issue I see at this place. I came to this place seven times and the only issue I ever see is the staff. One time I came in and literally 1 person was working taking orders The reason for 3 stars is that i usually get superb service and today..maybe too busy or too many new..i ordered a chai tea latte hot and got a cappuccino and a chedder jalapeo begal and got a normal jalapeo begal..very disappointed..i was pressed on time so i could not wait to have them fix...just disappointed..love their food  but i have to. service was slower than slow. my bagel + cream cheese was super skimpy on the cream cheese. turkey chili was lukewarm and not as good as it should have been. the staff seemed gloomy and sad. it just wasn't a good experience. it really is too bad  I guess I could eat outside but I want the choice.  When we ate here the server got our order wrong twice once on the the receipt then when it was made; how does that happen? Oh well  and the staff is very friendly.  I have never had a bad experience at this Einsteins.  BTW - Einsteins has the best bagels on the planet (and yes One star for the other employees who seem to hate their job and serve your bagel with a side of resentment. I asked for a schmear It will be a long time before I go into that place again." Einsteins has these GREAT Lo-Cal thin bagel breakfast  under 300 cal.  The one I tried had mushrooms asparagas with swiss cheese and egg white and a yummy sauce. Large  Iced non fat sugar free latte perfect way to start my day after a work out!! Very friendly employees!!  Very FAST service!! They also handed me a bunch of coupons to come back.  VERY Impressed. Total bill a little over $9.00 but now I have some 2 for 1 coupons!! get the spinach florentine bagel with jalopeno cream cheese! very yummy! This is a great neighborhood place where I like to pop in a grab a quick meal on the weekends.  I love that they send out coupons too ; )  I get a bagel and lox every time! The workers were extremely friendly and the bagels were amazing. All you can drink coffee?YES! I wish we had one of these in California and next time I go to Arizona I will make it a top priority to come back. Micheal Einstein's is in California under the name Noah's Bagels!  So you can have their bagels after all!!! IcuPhhH7QCOCT19EDEppEw I usually go to this location and the one at Tatum and Shea. This one is much better. They get the order correct mroe than the other store. Food is good. Enough variety to please everyone. They change up the menu seasonally and I like that. Overall a fine Einstein's. Updating my review.  This has become my go to Einstein's since it is walking distance from my home.  The staff is friendly and orders are good.  At times seems a little understaffed.  but then again I'm from the East Coast. Go to Dunkin Donuts they're better for a chain that makes bagels." "This place is very close to my Apt and I love Einstein Bros Bagels but this one leaves something to be desired. Don't get me wrong the staff really tries....and they are for the most part friendly....but they are unorganized....slow....and seem to be NEVER prepared for huge crowds. Most Einstein Bros Bagel shops I have been to are always busy especially during the morning hours....so there is no excuse for the workers at this locale to expect anything different. The place is also very cramped and that's too bad because the location is not the best to sit outside due to the lack of seating out there as well. Now in a pinch I will come to this location but I usually go to the one on Shea Blvd because it is much better. I really wanted to give this locale 2 stars...but again since the staff does really try and they at least show some effort....I decided to go with 3 stars. I highly recommend they hire more staff or at least get some more efficient people to work there. Eat I love einsteins bagels.  Great prices! "This is the second morning I have come to this particular location.  I have now been late to work for the past 2 days.  It was not due to the store being busy Bagels are good. Waited about 5 minutes before they started my cappuccino. 10 minutes after that when it was still an empty cup I told them nevermind and left. This location seems to do an ok job with 3 or fewer people in line. The one at Desert Ridge does better with rushes . This is consistently the most unorganized Einsteins we go to. We try to avoid this location but when we find ourselves here our hopes are that they've improved. Year after year we've found they they stay consistent: unorganized and confused.  I open my bagel and the cream cheese and butter I paid for aren't on here.... Who eats bagels just toasted?"  then started doing drink orders! Never even came back to the register or apologized for the wait. I could've ran out with my bagel without paying!  There are some serious communication issues at that store  go to the einsteins on 64th street and greenway." The bagels are good. The sandwiches leave something to be desired in the taste department and the coffee is over roasted. Everything is a bit over-priced for what you get. I have never had a problem with the customer service.  but about half of the time they get my order wrong!!!  It's annoying...they either give me the wrong bagel or don't give me double egg white (which they charge me for) or put cheese when I ask for no cheese....it's not rocket science people!  lol  So I stopped going here even though it's the closest to me" "First time at this location. I wish there were more people like Carlos working in customer service. I always ask questions right before I order something- bad habit. But Carlos didn't seem bothered by it at all "This place has really gone down.  Customer service and quality used to be top notch. No longer. Every unoccupied table in here has crumbs on it and needs to be wiped down. The floor could use a sweeping as well. And when I remarked that there was this huge fly soaring around  we barely even tasted cream cheese at all. I would like to thank Einstein's and their employee for providing me with the affirmation as to why I don't go there. The only reason I gave it one star is because I had a gift card. If you want a good bagel with good customer service  they may be a little busy at times but they always keep a smile on their faces and get the job done. Great mangement The place is pretty good when the manager is on duty. But when it's just a bunch of kids running around in circles the wheels fall off. I won't be back. This is out local Einsteins so we have been here many times before without problems. I see that many people complain about the service but I have never had any problems here. I may have to wait a bit when I come in at my usual time around 8 on a weekend but it's usually packed as well so that is to be expected." "Love the bagels and the spreads but it always seems to take longer than it should.  They should also set up so small orders can get through quicker "They are always out of bagels that I want. Just have poppy seed or plain. I thought they specialize in bagels. Who ever is ordering supplies "Worst place I have been too. They get our order wrong every Single time we go there. They always are out of the most popular bagels. I have complained to the management thru phone "Absolutely horrible customer service. I would NOT waste my time going to a business that does NOT know how to treat their customers. Plenty of other businesses surround here (Rainbow donuts Well the person taking my order was nice but waited 20 mins to get my one bagel and cream cheese not toasted.    Wow really can they work any slower   And it was only 9:00 am    Then all of the sudden employee started coming from The back to help the people waiting  I come at least 5 times a week and I get the same thing everytime so naturally the staff knows my order and I get in and out so fast I love it!! Not to mention how clean it is. I would recommend this location to anyone and I actually do Instead I see people who have ordered being pushed back and pushed back when it gets busy. To me this is unfair. If you get there and there's only one person in front of you and you order one thing it should take two minutes. Instead if they get a rush it could now takes 20 minutes because they will put your order on the back burner to accommodate the people walking in the front door." Love their bagels and their flavored coffee. So good however this location seems to be out of bagels every Friday morning. They cannot plan for the Friday morning office rush at all.  they fix this as Einsteins is one f my favorite places to go to when I can. PLEASE FIX YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE AT THIS LOCATION!" The WORST Einsteins location Ive been to. Terrible service and had to wait 20-30mins for my coffee (not joking) all (3) times Ive been here. It really wasn't even thatbusy.  This place is horrible! I will absolutely not be returning to this location! They were polite but I made a simple request for  fairly simple bagel sandwich I asked him not to cut the bagel and four pieces like they always do you know the top half the bottom half and then two other halved those two things and I asked for garlic cream cheese on it and I  received my sandwich cut up in pieces so I wasn't happy  perhaps they should do random drug test for marijuana use they did seem a little stoned 7:20 finally out the door! We were the only customers in at the time of ordering! Why is it such a struggle to get a friggin' bagel and coffee?????"  so why not use it for a bakers dozen? Another time there were hardly any bagels on a Friday morning. I asked why they were low on bagels and the girl said the morning cook didn't come in. Come on! Where are the adult employees at this place? I will stop at einsteins on greenway/64th street instead." A great spot for a surprisingly good meal Grocery stories sell them now but they really are not nearly as good as the FRESH ones in the actual Chompie's establishment." 