 but lock your doors and it's definitely worth it. Best baked goods in the area! Try the almond torte!!"  we had some excellent cookies for our housewarming party. I liked ths sugar cookies with the jimmies best and the half-dipped chocolate chips Absolutely the best bakery I've been in ever! The cookies are delicious. The nut rolls. & coffee cakes are heaven. Put on your bucket list to eat an almond torte. It is extremely memorable. I will dream about Minerva's delicacies until I return to visit the Burgh again. Btw - the staff is the best. They have a wide selection and now take credit cards. Its worth calling ahead on the holidays. This is not the Giant Eagle Great baked goods and a nice staff. Staff seems to be bumping into each other and lines quickly form. Would also be nice if they allowed customers to order anything they want during the holidays to alleviate the wait. "The cake was delicious! This bakery is one of oldest and best bakeries in the area. Service was great and prices were even better. Freshly made Minerva has awesome cakes! They are cash only. Stop and pick up a delicious cake! I have been enjoying this bakery my entire life! Their icing is next level and perfect. Their donuts are perfect. Everything is perfect pretty much. You won't be disappointed."  etc. was extremely helpful and patient. The cake came out beautifully "Our go-to for birthday cakes.  The pepperoni rolls are great.  Very comfortable atmosphere  The ladies of Will have you laughing to tears and the thing I like they're the most is the freshly cut bread and there quarter sheet cakes so tasty so delicious so good." "A delicious neighborhood gem about 5 blocks from the hospital. My favorites are the brownies and creme horns  and cakes.... for cookies I'd recommend Moi's Italian Bakery in Monroeville)."  and buttercream icing... it was fabulous! We got so many compliments  tarts).  Make any special or large orders weeks in advance.  The tastiest wedding cake I ever sampled was from here: smooth buttercream icing with alternating raspberry and lemon filling in white batter." The only reason I didn't rate the bakery 5 stars is their customer service which is borderline horrific. They are never friendly and whether you are calling to place an order or standing at the counter  and it is amazing!  The burnt almond torte rivals Prantl's.  I think the girls who work there are so nice and helpful.  And I love all of the homemade candy that they sell.  It is just the sweetest local gem.  Love Lincoln Bakery."  nothing spectacular.  But the pastries I got were very good.  I'd recommend checking it out.  I know if I'm ever in the neighborhood I will stop in for a treat myself." Best bakery in Pittsburgh! Having grown up in Bellevue I am very familiar with Lincoln. Every cake my family ever purchased has been from here. The icing is delicious. They have very cute cupcakes and themed cakes for holidays as well.  The staff is friendly and helpful. I no longer live in Bellevue but still go back to order cakes for any events I have.  and often it's the same one:  the simple and delicious chocolate cake with chocolate icing.  If you like chocolate cakes Cookies aren't bad.  Haven't had a reason to buy cakes or other pastries.  Staff is friendly and it smells like heaven. My daughter CAN'T pass by here without asking to get something.  All I can say is you had better bring your sweet tooth!  was very limited and upon making our choice the quality of the bread was mediocre. We were also disappointed that many of the things in the shop are not labeled and when the store is busy it can be difficult to find staff to explain what different options are. Still The cake wasn't too sweet and the icing not too ""buttery"". I will have to say that next time I need a cake I will order from this bakery "Got a key lime pie from this place. It was horrid. Icing was stale cake thick On October 11 2014 I placed a 140.00 order for tortes and cookies to be picked up the following Saturday and was told no problem. when I placed the order the girl taking the order was new so another girl helped but her attitude was very poor and told me that I had to put down a deposit and pay 10.00 for trays for cookies and they don't tray tortes. I told her that was fine and I paid the order in full. the following week I showed up and my order was never placed so they had nothing. No manager or owner could be reached and the poor girl waiting on me was so shook up. The Girl that had the attitude the week before and was suppose to place the order  was very nasty and insisted that it had to be under a different name.Long story short we had to make shift the order and put up with a very sarcastic counter girl. I will not return to this place again. I have been using them for years and never saw a business run like this. My daughters worked for years for a well known bakery in college and said were never left alone like this. Unfortunately a man beside me came in to pick up cupcakes for his childs birthday and it was paid for and experienced the exact same thing as I did. Shame on you Lincoln to run a bakery like this. Oakmont Here  I come. Oh and as for the cookies I got no trays and 4 dozen of sugar cookies that all looked the same. the girls that took the order were there and one whispered to the other wondering if they would be fired over this and the smart mouth answered no they don't worry about stuff like this and the lady just needs to get over it!  cakes (large and individual sizes) and fresh-baked donuts. I'll be back to try more from this local bakery "Lincoln Bakery is a top notch bakery in the Pittsburgh area which I feel is on par with other high ranking bakeries in the area such as Prantls and Oakmont Bakery.  I love that they have slices of many of their cakes and cheesecakes available for individual purchase.  I purchased an assortment of these to take to a dinner party and they were all gobbled up and it was a great way to allow everyone to try small bites of a variety of treats.  My personal favorite was the Chocolate Mousse cake because I love chocolate and it was sweet without being overly sweet "My new favorite stop.  If you like carrot cake this is certainly the place to try and you will not be disappointed!  Truthfully This place is awesome and it is now saved in my GPS for future stops.  Highly recommend."  we often times take a walk down here on our Saturday mornings in the warm months to pick out a delicious breakfast treat.  We've had their coffee cakes  not too bad. The prices were at a decent point and the pastries were average. Good enough to satisfy our cravings "I ordered my wedding cake from the Lincoln Bakery and was very pleased with the results.  My cake--and I'm not just being partial here--was the tastiest wedding cake I ever had.  As I lived in another state at the time YMEtEsUDQKOYJOcE5Fx3gQ I can't wait to go back!" Can't stop thinking about that Jewish Pizza..." Plays well with a Tazza latte around the corner! The quiche was divine and the the biscuits were what I imagine my mom would have made had she actually made biscuits. Two words: YUM-OH! Cannot wait to return to the Steel City so I can partake in some of the desserts.  and the cake was the hit the talk of the party.  I will have to take 2 cakes to the next party.  Everyone stated that it was the best cake they had ever had.  My daughter craves that cake on Tuesday "This place has probably some of the best pastries I've ever encountered.  The treats are consistently great to amazing to even mouth watering.  The bakery is this quaint little place that is really cute with nice baking decorations and everything.  The staff is really friendly and always helpful with making the hard selection.  The cupcakes are these cream-stuffed pieces of heaven The line can be long but the staff is very efficient-- I've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes. I can't say enough wonderful things about this place!"  to-die-for German choc cake and a really good sugar free cake with berries ( you'd never guess it was sugar free)The only thing that I thought was ""meh"" was the macaroons- tried blood orange and pistachio- have had much better right here in Pittsburgh from the French bakery in Millvale. I consider myself and expert in macaroons  it's worth arriving at 9:30 to experience the novelty and cool experience of this strange Bring cash! $10 minimum for credit debit cards." I'll be back. If they can serve such yummy treats moments before they close I can only imagine how amazing they must be first thing in the morning." Just go early :)  They open at 10 on Saturdays.  And bring cash...it's easier that way." There is a small seating area with tables and a water dispenser for diners." YMEtEsUDQKOYJOcE5Fx3gQ "I'm a creature of habit--I've been getting a savory and sweet item each time I'm around the neighborhood. White lily cake is divine! Quiches always tasty. Macarons are alittle too sweet. I wish the cake slices weren't $4 pop. Otherwise  our friends told my boyfriend and I to go here and get a ham sandwich. A ham sandwich? We thought. Yes a ham sandwich. My bf grabbed two to go while I waited in the car and we started eating and driving  and I went in after early dinner. It was completely unplanned but we were attracted to the quaint storefront. We purchased a crispy elephant ear-like dessert sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar. It was glorious. I bought a piece of apple-walnut-cinnamon sugar cake with cream cheese frosting. It was delicious an moist. We also purchased freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. They were absolutely rich and scrumptious. The woman who was there an greeted us seemed like she might be the owner. She was sweet and very helpful. Great disposition. This is probably my favorite small bakery in Pittsburgh. Delightful."  maybe they're trying to really nail that French bakery vibe :)  No matter  1 seats 2 people). On a quieter morning you should be able to find a seat. They serve coffee as well (nothing to write home about)  which I find to be a little annoying. Regardless- it's worth it. It's such a hidden gem and going there and experiencing their sweets is a real treat." I have never been disappointed.  This is the kind of place that SHOULD exist.  It has that home made taste with a professional look.  Everything tastes fresh and delicious.  I have not had one bad thing from there yet." "This is the best little bakery in Pittsburgh!  My favorites include: key lime cake  lilac cake (which is basically the best white cake you'll ever have)  you should absolutely treat yourself to the delicious baked goods at Food Glorious Food."  and a brownie.  Everything was delicious!  The service was exceptional. There was a line out the door as we were leaving at about 11:30am. We will certainly go back as we are fussy about our baked goods and this place meets our standards."  bought the first time because I liked the name.  Now my family expects me to bring it to all family functions!  It is beautiful to look at and delicious to taste!" I've been to Europe and experienced the patisseries in Paris and they're as good as confectionary sweets dessert food gets but  but the atmosphere and quality at Food Glorious Food is something more than panache  and they take credit card. I came here in the early afternoon on a Saturday so they may have sold out of some items."  one of the best pieces of cake I've had. Definitely tops the list of wedding cakes. The icing is nice and light Tom and Brad are the BEST! My entire family LOVES this place and Tom and Brad (and you will too!) "This place.  I can't say good enough things about it.  Dangerously delicious treats and super nice staff.  I do wish they had markers on their items so people wouldn't spend 10 minutes asking what each individual product is Absolutely love this place! It's only a few blocks away from where I live and we love walking over and grabbing a little something. My favorite is the buttermilk biscuits. Soooo yummy. The cinnamon rolls are great too. Not a huge fan of the chocolate chip cookie only because they use a mix of semi sweet and milk chocolate chips. (I personally hate milk chocolate). But other than that I love this place! I highly recommend trying it out!  they appear to accept credit!  Not sure if there was a minimum."  I'd rank Food Glorious Food within the upper quartile of PGH bakeries.  Unfortunately ""Why should we be fated to brood on ... beautiful  but it wasn't as good as some of the other bakeries in the Pittsburgh Metro.  I would never crave it  the doughnuts are not that great. But they do have one cream filled doughnut that is out of this world! Try the devil dog." We will definitely come back but I'm a lil sad there is only a bench inside and no actual seating..there is plenty of space for a table or two."  prices are a lot lower than at Wholey's or somewhere else in the city. Many restaurants use breadworks. Great stuff." Not sure if it was because our reception was on a Saturday and maybe the hotel only takes deliveries on weekdays or something "I am a huge fan of Breadworks. They make high quality breads at reasonable prices. They are very consistently good and the bread is always delicious and fresh. Some favorites include the Walnut Raisin and the Sourdough.  A good shopping tip is to arrive 1 2 hour before closing  especially if you don't know what you want immediately upon walking in the door. It's a small price to pay to get in on the Breadworks action!" Great local business. Great local bread. Great low prices. I go there as often as I can and I'm never disappointed. It's worth having to wait in line when they first open each morning.  well baked bread? Bread Works is very good bread in dozens of varieties. I'm partial to their old fashioned salt sticks with caraway seeds  the ciabatta is awesome...salt sticks too. They have just about anything you could think of and it's always bakes fresh that morning."  the bread was burnt. At the price of this bread it shouldn't be burnt and it never was when you could see it before you got it home. I think I will stick to what I can see." I'd definitely buy my bread here if we lived in Pittsburgh." WARNING: The retail store only takes cash  so huge bonus of awesomeness right there." Incredible bread here!  They don't use preservatives so you better make sure you eat it up fast or have room in the freezer. They have a large selection of breads. The daily rotation of Focaccia is something worth checking out. I think Monday is pepperoni focaccia day If you're anywhere close Bread works is really good and you can get really good rooks you should go there it is in Pittsburgh PA "Going to the store is highly addictive. And bring a kid with you My parents walked out with all of this for under $4 so it would normally be around $8.  What a steal!  I just wish BreadWorks was a bit more convenient to my house  I've had better from Sam's club. Today I stopped and asked for some Rustic Italian and what I got was a regular Italian loaf and it was only so-so. It was only slightly better than any other place that bakes it's own Italian like Shop n save. Maybe the store clerk gave me the wrong bread and I hope so because I have loved this place for years and I hope they aren't just making for the restaurant trade now."  etc. Nice little older ladies working behind the counter. Only complaint is it closes early and first thing in the morning this place is packed with yinzers. Every time I bring these donuts for my coworkers "Schorr is a very good bakery that makes excellent cakes and donuts.  The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable.  I do wish they would be open after 4 pm (hours are  Mon - Sat Is the cliental a little special sometimes?  You bet.  Are the hours old fashioned early to open and early to close?  Yup.  But I just view it as absence makes the heart grow fonder.... :)"  no other bakery as good!  Not bethel bakery...Oakmont bakery....my favorite" We just got home & I couldn't resist the cookies- I thought I'll just have 1 2 of the cherry filled cookie...but it was so good- tart jelly filling & nice buttery brown sugar cookie- just trust so yum- I had to eat the other half!" I love that this bakery is old school.. nothing fancy just the real deal folks.  The donuts are just the best - great selection!! They have muffins too.  The cake is pretty good- moist fresh.  There is usually parking on the street but if not - there is a parking lot across the street.  Crossing the street can be a challenge because of how the road curves on the one side of Perrysville Avenue.  Two dozen delicious donuts and 3 muffins $21.00 - not bad!~!!  Thank you Schorr Bakery.. I will be back!  pastries and the frosting. Oh my gosh are the cakes great. Tried the bear claws - scrumptious.  Cinnamon bread is to die for.  Get a loaf and make french toast - Wow!!! or just eat it as is.  If you like pecan rolls they are divine." no clutter and you can see a lot of the kitchen always a good sign. I asked the woman working the counter for suggestion. She pointed out the chocolate thumbprints and while she bagged those up I spied individual pineapple upside down cakes. So I scored 4 cookies and 2 lil cakes. The cookies were very good mixture of firm and gooey. The cake was realllllly delicious.Moist with a crispy kinda crust outside  full on glaring and rolling of the eyes! NO JOKE. I wish that the manager had been in but hopefully she keeps track and knows what her counter staff is like when she is gone! I will go to party Cake shop from here on...There are too many great places to put up with attitude!" "I stopped in after breakfast at The Dor-Stop to see what they had to offer.  Potomac has yummy pastries at a good price.  That's pretty much all I can say.  They have a wide variety of goodies to choose from Overall: Great and tasty and pretty "One of the best pastries I've had in my life I got here. I think it's called a ""French bearclaw.""" I intend to try the other Bakery's on CBS's list   stop by Potomac Bakery!" Lifelong regular here and I will always be!"  going there for goodies is a time honored special treat."  if only I could convince them to make a killer cappuccino and set some caf tables out front... I'm sure I'd never leave." "Honestly I wish I could give them more stars!!!  Purchased a birthday cake for my daughters party. It was exactly what I had asked for and soooo delicious. I must admit I am a big birthday cake fan Thanks Potomac Bakery :)" "It's unfortunate when you really try to like a place and it just let's you down. This place is on my way to work and I'm a sucker for cheap sweets so naturally I'm supposed to love this place. Now I've gotten a few good thing from here but more bad than good. For a while I was stopping there every so often before work for some sweet pick me ups. The older lady's are pretty crappy with you if your aren't purchasing in bulk (for parties) like your a waste of valuable time. Time spent doing what? I ask becAuse 90% ok what I'd get tasted old Thanks for the disappointment to me and my son!" Service is a hit-or-miss. They do accept CC." This is a great bakery and worth a stop." I have rediscovered this Bakery visiting it once a week for the past 2 months now. I have switch from the Starbucks pastry with runs over $3 to their most delicious bearclaw probably the best I've ever had for a dollar in possibly some change also you can skip Panera because the wheat bread sold by the Potomac Bakery is soft and delicious is much more delicious than even Panera it's time to drop the chain addiction and support this Bakery. Not to mention the donuts and donut holes yum yum yum. Get there early to get the best selection and don't forget to get a bag of donuts yesterday's donuts for an unbelievable cheap price like 2 or $3 a dozen.  creamy icing. They also have great hours so if you need to pick up something early Parking is a stress elevator when stopping here. WOOP WHOOP traffic traffic looking for my chap stick. Good Luck Good Lord I like to stop here in the morning on my way to the trolley. The iced sugar cookies are so good! I also like the donuts and thumbprints.  but I believe you have to have a $10 minimum to use a card to pay; just something to note. I'm not sure if that policy is the same at the Mt. Lebanon store. Don't let that deter you!!" Go get some! Why are you still reading?""" Grew up in Pittsburgh. Never knew about this place. Stopped by after doing a YELP search. Donuts are yummy. Love cake donuts with crunchy outside. Donuts here are very tasty. Small place  nearly every person has woven a tapestry of superlatives explaining how much they love them. If you find yourself having to buy popularity with donuts One of the best donut places is the area. I love the fact that they only make soo many donuts every day and when they sell out they just CLOSE. Awesome. get there early !!! Homemade donuts are fantastic and worth it  and what better bad food than a home made donut? Just run an extra mile or so on the morning jog." Great old-school donut shop with delicious donuts.  The even still tie up the boxes. Do you think they'll start shipping to Hawaii?" You just have to try them!  I can't say enough about how amazing these donuts are!" "HOLY MOTHER OF DONUTS! This place is amazing. My daughter and I stop every Friday morning If you love fresh cake donuts that are cooked to perfection  you won't find better anywhere. Thank you to the owner for keeping traditions alive!!"  I hope you realize how lucky you are!" It's a good thing this store is a little out of the way "Remarkable donuts baked old school.  The donuts are fresh and made mostly by hand.  Make sure you arrive early  DO NOT try to bike there. Steuben Street is a straight up mountain!" "My boss and I once argued about who had the best donuts.  I said there was a place in the West End that had the best.  He claimed the best came from a shop outside of Crafton.  Of course we were both talking about the Better Maid.  For cake donuts A while back my Mom bought some donuts from here and they were really stale by the next day.  She called and mentioned something about it to them and they didn't even seem to care.  I like to try and support local business but with an attitude like they showed I have no use for them.  Doesn't seem to be any real set hours so you never know when they will be open. "By far the best cake donuts in Pittsburgh.  I will never again go to Dunkin Donuts after trying Better-Maid.  Since Ken sells out every day (and in an hour or so) First one in the store on a snowy and cold Saturday morning. Twelve people behind me. The donuts are so good that it made up for his late opening at 7:15 AM. Folks were friendly and cheerful and clearly take pride in the donuts (and the trippy experience) this little shack of a store offers you.  sit down and have a  Better-Maid Donut with a nice cup of tea!" Not even a car plowing through the building can stop these donuts." "Please please please come back soon!  A few months ago a van actually drove THROUGH the store front.  No one killed "It's open again!  Same great donuts as always (and a lot brighter inside!?)  $8.00 a dozen. This is truly donut perfection. You may have heard or read that they were closed due to a vehicle hitting their building These are the best doughnuts I have ever eaten...and I have eaten a lot. "The quintessence of donuts. Open despite past roadbumps. I like 'em all Right now I'm a fan of the glazed - just melts in your mouth!!! Only my second time here so far and I'm hoping to make this a traditional stop every time I have my visits." I grew up on better maid donuts . When I was little there was always enough donuts for everyone! The new owns is very nice but they need to make more wholes cause the 3 sat I called before 715 and already sold out!!!! One thing I didn't like they tell you to call and then they will not take a order!!!! I don't understand that when they tell you to call to place in order and they tell you they have a tray but they can't take my order that's not cool!!! What I was told is there is 60 people in line and they can't take a order even though they had the wholes he wouldn't do it! I didn't think that was nice when someone tells you yes we have  them then they put the owner on the phone and he's says no! That really kinda bothered me! They know they sell out before 715 and they only open at 700 ! What's up with that if they sell out in 10min they should make more! It also bothered me that they didn't seem to care if I was upset or not that's not very good business !!!!!! Especially some one who has been supporting. Them for over  35 years! So very disappointed in how things are ran they need to get a better plan to accomadate people. I understand this is a small business but they need to make the customer happy! So if the owner made more wholes and a little nicer on phone they would do so much better ! Being accomadating and trying to help a person out goes a long way! So needless to say I very upset that this has happen for 3 weeks in a row. So I feel that I should tell people so there not upset or disappointed like me thanks! I don't know if I will go back cause I don't want to go through this again after the 3 time!!!!  and Pittsburgh and would keep going back to Better Maid if there was one in every location. Please go. Do it for yourself."  I like getting a sandwich to go.  I'll take it over to one of the nearby plazas & dine al fresco."  granola).  They had a choice between plain and apple cinnamon oatmeal - I went for the apps cinn mush - good stuff.  If only they could train their employees better." Decent food but a little overpriced. They will make you a salad (you can choose 3 items) and a meat for $7.49.  You get a bread stick too. You can also get overpriced soup or a sandwich.  Lots of choices.  The cookies and scones and pastries are on the high end; similar to Panera.  Average tasting at best.  I wouldn't call this bakery fresh.  They are all over Pittsburgh. Ordered soup today for $5.19 and they charged me $1.19 baguette which you usually get for free with a salad. Surprised it didn't come with the soup.  Soup was decent (Chicken Noodle).  They have about 8 choices each day.  This place is a gold mine with limited nearby options outside of Qdoba and Mcdonalds and a few pizza places.  Add an iced tea and the bill is almost $10.  Crazy! Actually I didn't get that calorie bomb.  I came here for lunch today with a co-worker and had a somewhat more sane chicken salad sandwich.  My sandwich was good  the dining room did not look particularly clean as all the tables were covered in crumbs. The food was pretty good.... My tomato soup was tasty  I would be more satisfied with the quality of the food." This is the best out of the downtown location Au Bon Pains. The manager Keith is very friendly and the rest of the staff follows his lead. It's not as cheap as fast food but their email club sends out a lot of coupons in addition to often times receipts having survey coupon offers. Thai Peanut chicken wrap is my new go to item for lunch which comes with a free breadstick. The bagels and pastries are pretty tasty as well. Good lunch spot to dine in or take out.  and the others are super friendly and generous with their baked goods.  All in all  and you might enjoy the bake shop charm is has to offer. It is to be noted that this location is not for sitting and eating or loitering. It's simply a shop to drop into and satiate the sweet tooth." This place is a treat just to walk into.  It's got everything a traditional bakery should have and is very inviting.  I read a few bad reviews on Google about their customer service.  I don't see why--their service seemed fine to me.  I haven't actually tasted the cake yet  it seemed like Paddy Cake is comparable to the bakery section of your typical grocery store which is disappointing since I'm always on the lookout for mouth watering sweets." It's hard to describe the desserts with any other adjective other than delicious. I hate to sound corny and easy to please but the thumbprints are to die for. Everything I've bought there has been better than I anticipated. Donuts- amazing. Cookies- wonderful. Pastries- Delicious. I think you get the point. I feel like I come with a ten dollar bill I think I am DONE with continuing to try to support this ""neighborhood landmark."" Any time you complain I would like to give 3.5 stars but I can't justify giving 4.  I would go back to try a pastry if I happen to be walking down Liberty Avenue."  edible. I didn't find it to be anything special. We didn't sample the cookies or cakes  we met Susie from Paddy Cake.  She is absolutely fantastic - willing to listen to all of your crazy ideas and the prices at Paddy Cake are very reasonable.  The cake is also FABULOUS - seriously "I am positive this bakery used to be better...something has changed there. I walked in the other day after going to the barber across the street and made the mistake of asking what was in the filling of the cannoli. My response was Did I mention the cake was dry?" "I am a huge dessert fan and love local bakeries.  My favorite thing to order from Paddy Cake are the doughnuts-love the iced sprinkle ones. I always call the day before to put my order in because they do run out of certain kinds early. It is also nice to have the doughnuts boxed up and not have to wait while you pick out the kinds you want. The staff is always friendly on the phone and my order is always correct and waiting for me.  Sometimes I stop to try a cookie-they are so tempting. The cookies are delicious and a variety of kinds are available.  The one thing I do not especially care for is their cupcakes cake. I like a very dense cake and their cake is on the light "Recently was in the Bloomfield area and thought I would stop by for a donut.  I ordered a long john which looked pretty good.  Unfortunately it wasn't.   I am pretty sure they simply took a hot dog bun and fried it  and prices were very reasonable (all of the above came to slightly north of $10).  Thus  this place is a pretty solid ""a-ok"" in my book - not always extraordinary but they're good at what they do. I concur with another review who said that this place is worth stopping in at occasionally but not worth going out of your way for. I also recommend special ordering your cake or other goodies when you can here - otherwise you'll just have wait to see what they've got in stock on the day you're stopping in."  if you like le almond croissants or le chocolat whatsacallit  it took a while to get waited on. Customer and employee seemed to be carrying on a conversation that couldn't be disrupted! I would come back though to try other goodies!!" The other thing that stood out to me is when a couple came into the store.  The lady at the counter asked if she could help them.  They said they had an appointment to taste wedding cakes.  The employee said ""You're going to have to sit over there"" like it was some kind of inconvenience."  so I opted for two snickerdoodles. Total $1.20.  They tasted good and satisfied my craving. I wasn't blown away  so the fact that I signed up just to discuss this bakery speaks for itself!"  it is nice being greeted by a cheerful person." Best bakery in town! Love their donuts and cookies! Also the best place to get a custom cake for a special occasion! Won't disappoint!  lol. A couple of months ago I wanted a banana cream pie for the birthday of someone very close to me. My custom order was perfection. We have an upcoming celebration for a campaign I'm involved with that requires a cake. I've been in touch with the bakery and they're more than happy to bake the cake and decorate it with our logo. I wouldn't trust anyone else for special occasion baked goods. Even popping in for a cookie or doughnut is like I've died and gone to sugar heaven! How lucky we are to have such a place in Pittsburgh!!"  even at night! I always go in intending to try something new but end up just getting doughnuts instead because they are too good to pass up!" They also make a concoction that I didn't try--the Good Luck Pretzel.  Their website is here http:  kribelsbakeryofpittsburgh.com  and you can read about these pretzels here http:  kribelsbakeryofpittsburgh.com GoodLuckPretzels.html  Kribel's supposedly has really good birthday cakes."  I must say that I will return.  The dumpling could use a little more cinnamon and I could taste the extra acid that was used (lemon juice?) but I am fairly fond of it.  Yes DEH4worm2017xT3KHLoyAw  and reasonable prices. I didn't make paczki last year before Lent  I made the trip. And was pleasantly surprised. The woman behind the counter could not have been lovelier. The inside is very ""old school"" and there seems to be a deli attached although I didn't do any ordering from that side of the business. There was an abundance of cookies to choose from and they even gave my daughter a sample cookie for her cuteness. Our samples were great and I have high hopes for the other cookies! The bakery is located in a cute business district too. Will be back. Especially when the sweet tooth hits on a Sunday."  but I prefer Party Cakes selections and tastes a little more. Either way "Friendly service and great  sweet glaze on top--perfect with a cup of coffee! My grand daughter (11) BEGS us to go get the coconut cruellers when she's with us and our 13 year old grandson loves the Jimmie cruellers--the fluffy frosting on them will leave you pleasantly stuffed!!! There is NOTHING we don't love there!!! Try it  and will sample some of the other goodies  friendly service even for a procrastinator like myself. I waited until the last minute to order a cake for my daughter's baptism and Maxine was wonderful. No problem was all she said. Thank you Maxine and everyone at Kribel's" Kribel's Bakery is pretty good! I think the cookies are the best thing they have. They have a nice selection of bake goods as well as you can get lunch meat there also. They are a simple but nice bakery. We got cookies for my sisters graduation party from Kribel's and the tray was gone before the party was over! Definitely worth giving a try if you're in the Brookline area. This place has the best doughnuts in the burgh!! The homemade everything is wonderful. Bread and buns are to die for and well priced. Also offering Bores head meats. Also priced well and freshly cut.  why would you sell ""yesterday's donuts at today's prices?""  Won't be returning there for any baked products as I have no idea when they may have been baked.  The woman that works at the counter is very sweet Very sad day to see this tradition closed.  Chocolate sprinkles and white icing donuts were the best.  RIP.  delicious pitas and prepared food accompaniments." They also sell gyro sandwiches for $5 on Saturdays. I haven't brought one This place has everything under the sun :)" Pitaland stocks authentic ingredients at reasonable prices. I've also heard good things about using Pitaland for catering events such as grad parties Score ethnic food! I will say that I love their hummus. It's very tasty as well as their pitas (which appear to be sold all over the city). The staff is friendly and helpful and they have many things that you can't find anywhere else. If you like good pita's and hummes this is the place for you." I almost forgot about their spinach pies and cheese pies... soooooo good." Good food and friendly service." Not to mention the store itself; I haven't seen it in years and they have since fixed it up and added a Caf. What a pleasing ambience!"  definitely THE place to shop for mediterranean cooking ingredients." They have awesome hummus and pita bread! They just put a new cafe in not too long ago with a large menu.  even a new sit-down caf. Just an incredible transformation. For years this has been my go-to place for olives "Pitaland is the best run business in Brookline (with las palmas a close second).  The caf is well staffed and the food is delicious.  I love the breakfast flatbreads and falafel for lunch.  In a slew of mismanaged bars with little to no fresh food offerings on the Boulevard  but we're certainly willing to go out of our way to enjoy them again." Do yourself a favor and get a piece of baklava from the counter on your way out as well!" My favourite  restaurant and bakery in  pittsburgh  in the last year they opened a cafe inside. It's damn delicious and cheap to boot! The gyro "Amazing. Fantastic falafel sandwiches The bottom line for me is that I might head back here again in the future.  While my chicken shwarma ended up being somewhat of a disappointment to me I think that this place has potential and I would like to give it another try." New pita caf is a welcome addition to a classic bakery and some of the best hummus in Pittsburgh. A great menu with fresh and local items served quickly efficiently and kicked up condiments and extras at every turn. This is the best Mediterranean food in Pittsburgh bar none. Chef Greg keep it coming  friendly service and a little grocery in the side. Who could ask for more!?!  The falafel pita will astound. Yummers!" The BEST PITA made on location ( you can watch it being made through the big picture windows... The new caf seating is very inviting... and the gyro's are pretty tasty too!  home made fresh fare.  Go to Pita Land and treat your taste buds to a magical journey to Lebanon's finest!"  bins of pulses and frozen imported delicacies and cheeses from far off lands.  They make their own pita and you can see the production line behind glass as you shop.  This place is totally worth checking out and I'll be back soon." "This time I brought my partner in culinary adventure and I ordered a Gyro and some fries.  My wife ordered a falafel plate.  She said it was the best she's ever had.  I felt the same about my Gyro.  The fries were great.  They're seasoned with something I couldn't identify and served with tartar.  Awesome.  I wish you could order a small because for $4 it's a huge basket.  Way too much for a side with a sandwich.  Miriam helped me out and I did finish them.  They were too good to waste.  I also took a square of baklava home and again it was the best I have ever had anywhere.  This place is a treasure.  If I lived near here  and I eat a lot of this stuff. The accompaniments on the plate were fresh and pickled vegetables with a side of tahini and their pita bread. All great. My husband offered to share his fries with me  this is your one stop shop for Mediterranean Middle Eastern quisine. You can eat in or take home some groceries. Iv had their falafel gyro and regular gyro. The falafel one was very good with a healthy dose of both falafel and fresh veggies. The regular gyro fell short of my expectations however Absolutely phenomenal I love Pitaland I always have when I was a kid on the way home from school id buy a bag of small pitas for .99 cents and walks down The BLVD eating fresh plain pita. As I got older I started to indulge more into Lebanese and similar kinds of food. Pitaland's hummus is great along with the tabouli and olives and anything else you buy there. The best thing to ever happen to me is the installation of the cafe they added the food is to die for that you can't get just anywhere! Gyros and the Chicken Shawarma are my favorites if you have been to Pitaland you know how great it is and if you haven't been to Pitaland well your cheating yourself and missing out on a huge part of life. Pitaland is excellent all around from products to staff to cleanliness I can't say a bad thing about Pitaland it's a neighborhood staple and hope I never see it leave. So I hope if you haven't gone yet you go now because you will not be disappointed! The staff is pleasant and helpful."  gyro and chicken shawarma. My boyfriend likes their pepperoni roll but I haven't tried it myself."  I tried the breakfast today and OMG the Shanklish : with eggs was awesome!!! Loved it!!!! Great job to Greg and his team at the caf ! Keep up the good work!!" Had their grape leaves and gyro at the farmers market yesterday and it was soooo good!!! If you haven't been there in a while  hands down. We keep a bunch in the freezer at all times; pull a few out and make pita pizzas. We've used them with dozens of different topping combinations. Friendly Their hummus is so good!!! Not expensive and very fresh! Also have very fresh produce and very good gyros Finally we found a great Mediterranean breakfast with Lebanese hospitality. The price was so cheap and great taste. We always come her for grocery shopping and lunch food. Yummy  took a relative to check it out. Great selection of fresh food in the market and amazing cafe food that came quickly. Pastries are also wonderful. They really need another location in the city so I can visit weekly!!" I enjoyed the falafel sandwich much more. The falafel is freshly fried and while not the best texture was very flavorful with a nice crunch. The pickles on it were actually pretty good even though I'm not a pickle fan... Definitely house made and not soggy. The other veggies as a lot of flavor Descubr Pitaland casualmente y recomiendo encarecidamente visitarlo y probar sus productos. Todo en la tienda est muy bien organizado y limpio. Tiene buenos precios y su comida es riqusima. Los dulces son un autntico placer. El personal muy amable y te hacen muy cmoda la visita.  but the lamb gyro I tried was excellent - the pita itself is heaven. And may I say the Rosemary Fries with Lemon Aioli dipping sauce are the single best French fries I have ever feasted on. It's unfortunate that I enjoyed them more than my gyro  a few doors up since it's a much better bargain but fans of middle eastern food ought to check this joint out ."  $4 and it's as big as the palm of the hand. The place is fairly clean. I like the baklava and pastries there. I also tried the stuffed grape leaves which I liked. I absolutely love the bread here  dinner or even a quick grocery trip. After we moved to Brookline I stopped in to see what this place was all about. It smelled delicious and I could not  wait to come back for dinner. If you need any fresh produce or bread they have it all. We  finally went back for dinner this past week and I ordered the small size falafel wrap and my boyfriend got the dinner sized gyro (huge portions). The workers could not have been nicer and helped us with the menu items.  We also got hummus and pita (not on menu)-they gave us a full container of the roasted red pepper hummus with pita which was very delicious. My falafel wrap "I just had the best lamb burger in Pittsburgh. I'm not usually fond of too many places that make lamb because I think lamb is tough to make. It's also an acquired taste. The lamb burger here tastes very fresh and I had it made medium since I've never been here before but mine came out a little medium rare  the falafel to veggie ratio is a bit off. Still tasty but not the best I ever had." Anything that I have ever got there has been delicious."  so since business brought me here I figured I'd come early and grab breakfast lunch. Not many choices for breakfast along Brookline Blvd. made PitaLand the easy choice. Once I walked through the door I was shocked to see a stocked market  but Pitaland has stayed the same. The gyro's are always fresh and they have a vast assortment of produce. If you're in the area definitely stop here Excellent food and warm atmosphere.  Had the shawarma large sandwich and limeade.  The sandwich with its perfect seasoning was the best sandwich I've had in a while.  the people are great. The lamb pies are absolutely incredible. This place will teach you anything you want to know about middle eastern food! A good friend of mine is Egyptian and moved here a few years ago and this place is the closest he said he's come to home. Have to respect that!"  and the beef shawarma can't be beat. The grocery store has a good selection of produce  it's been so long since we've had delicious freshly made pitas. We also tried the homemade Baklava.... Wow!!!!! It's worth the 30 minute drive alone. Best I've ever had!" I love that this market is in walking distance to my house and has all the middle eastern spices that I need. But on top of that their lamb burgers are AMAZING. I'm here all the time getting one for lunch or dinner. I may start having the lamb burger for bother lunch and dinner haha. Everything's fresh and delicious. Love!! Love!! Love!!" "We live in NJ and every time we visit our daughter we always have to stop at pita land! Fresh pita The owners are super friendly. Support local businesses!" "I was looking in Pittsburgh for a cuban rum cake... so after looking in different bakeries... I called the party cake shop and they have an italian rum cake... so I asked them that if they could make some changes Had a delicious lemon curd paczki and another raspberry jelly paczki (great taste but the sugar content of the filling was a little overwhelming). I recommend the lemon curd. Friendly counter staff. rbg3POnoegWx0RQ0KGd0sA  I took a closer look at the others. They had all be dropped quickly in a too big box with no waxed paper in between them so they had fallen over.  The icing was not damaged though as they were so stale they were hard.  I had my husband take a bite out of one and he confirmed it was bad.  We broke the others in half just to determine if any were fresh. Nope. Tossed them all and went to Prantl's."  and their cookies are just so-so.  Cakes are definitely their specialty." "I had a very unusual request for a birthday cake design involving photoshopped images.  The Party Cake Shop exceeded my expectations. I had no idea you could put pictures on a cake like that. I was expecting a recreation. The cake was a huge hit. Moreover rbg3POnoegWx0RQ0KGd0sA  and have only been back to get my kids a cookie when we walk on the Boulevard.  I'm pleased to hear that they have GF options and will check it out!"  but there's something about this that's just so good! Someday I would definitely like to visit the actual store and try their cupcakes and cakes as well. If you want donuts though Eventually I will visit the store "Everything I have tried has been very good. Favorites are pepperoni rolls I will absolutely make this a go to destination whenever I'm in Brookline. Or whenever I have a craving for sweets. So pretty much I'm saying I'll be there daily." rbg3POnoegWx0RQ0KGd0sA  yelp failed me this time around. (1) I called multiple times but couldn't reach anyone. (2) Left messages and no one called me back. (3) I had to call at 5 am to reach anyone bc all their bakers leave quite early each day and the cashiers don't have any knowledge of what is or is not possible in terms of decorations on cakes etc. (4) They don't have ready access to email. If you send them an email "When I walked into this store I thought they may be going out of business.  They have a ton of display cases but barely anything in them.  Weird. We tried the cupcakes  and dusted with powdered sugar.  They were both fresh and delicious and worth the trip (although they won't be available until Feb again).  One note - we visited here once on Monday and there was basically nothing to be had in the store.  The prices are very reasonable  and cinnamon rolls and ST. Pat Day cookies.  All were Oh So Goooood!" I highly recommend Potomac bakery for a beautiful buttercream (not fondant) wedding cake. So wonderful to work with So. If you're looking to place a big order or two? All the thumbs up for this place! But if you just want a snack...well  but sneaky Darren wanted something else to review. lol." Don't forget our cash!" to transfer an older photo onto the top of the cake with no problem. We got a very clear image! The service was friendly and efficient! Thank you   and picked out a few goodies after getting coffee at Starbucks. (My husband LOVES bakeries and is always looking for one to go to.) Neither of us had cash on us  I got such a great assortment of donuts. A coworker thanked me for the ""real"" donuts. And it was great I could order ahead and just pick them up quickly on my way in to work. Delicious and easy!" Will definitely return here for more goodies!" Lots of options. The sandwiches are moderately priced and good. Avoid the cupcakes - they are dry. The service was friendly and fast  this is what Pittsburghers must settle for. I we can hope for is that one day a kind Philadelphian or New Yorker will show us the light Metered street parking..."  and treats throughout the day. The only problem I have is that they tend to seem to be more focused on their large catering orders and less on individual sales (at least the Ellsworth location). Otherwise "I am not sure what makes a perfect bagel but after eating at Bagel Factory I am pretty sure I am darn well close to it. Don't let the drab decor of the store fool you. Bagel Factory churns out delicious perfections of bakery like no one's business and we were told that the Penguins get their bagels from here too so we know we are in the right place. I've ordered the lox sandwich "The BEST bagel place in town.  Hands down.  Not even a contest.  The bagels are boiled (the traditional style) and not overly large and doughy.  Their lox sandwich is amazing.  A sizable hunk of lox with fresh tomato and onion "I do not see what all of the fuss is about - maybe it is due to the lack of authentic bagel options in the area? I agree that their bagels are authentic  but I thought the service was far worse. One of the male employees helping us referred to one of the females as an ""old hag"" which I thought was extremely unprofessional and uncool. I'm sure he was joking  I find it in bad taste when an establishment changes their prices for those using a Groupon or other coupon. I am using the coupon (which your store issued) to save money and then they increase their prices for those using the Groupon!" "Don't come here from NYC looking for a good bagel and lox A little overpriced but the bagels are always good and fresh. The cinnamon French toast (made from their cinnamon log bread) is also very good! Okay bagels though a little overpriced. Been to squirrel hill location and Ellsworth location once each. Have consistently had rude customer service. Really turns me off. Won't be going back even though the bagels are okay. The one has blueberry tastes amazing  and employees. This is definitely a good place to stop in mornings for coffee and a bagel for breakfast. It tends to be more of a get-your-food-on-the-go place rather than a Panera or Bruegger's where you can sit and maybe work. The first time I came here I purchased a Groupon for maybe $20 worth of food. This may be a Groupon policy  huge menu and fresh bagels. The Ellsworth location is even better because it has all those great features and is way less crowded. Outside seating and super friendly staff make it my new favorite place to stroll on weekend mornings!" "Great local place for bagels and breakfast sandwiches. I have been to delis in NYC and the food at the Bagel Factory is much better. If you can get your hands on it There aren't many bagel places in Pittsburgh The main dude that everyone seems to have difficulty with based on these reviews is a bit eccentric but we've never had an off putting experience with him.  He's just a bit socially awkward Thus place has great bagels and breakfast sandwiches. Everything in here looks delicious. I've not had any of the deli products or sweets but the seem to be popular.  they are chewy but a little light for me.  The flavor was a shade doughy.  I'm not sure they have the space to retard them overnight or exactly how they're being made so I can't go into their failing in specifics.  The everything bagel doesn't have everything!  Where's the salt?  Where was the onion and garlic?  It's not an everything bagel.  The 2 bagels and cream cheese were $6.  Seems like a lot to me.  Not really counting it against them exactly but I did notice it.  Meh."  bacon and lettuce on a bagel with a Matzo ball soup. I took it back to my office for my lunch and everything was amazing! Especially the soup! It was probably the best soup I've ever had in my life. The broth was real chicken broth with bits of celery and chicken with a huge Matzo ball in the center. It was heavenly."  and cheese on a bagel; checked my bank account two days later and I was charged $10 total....hmmm when I checked out I remember the guy telling me it was $8 and something (which is still over priced as it should not have cost me more than $6.80 +tax for both when looking at their prices). Not to mention  the sandwiches...pretty much everything. They have omelets and things for breakfast  and the place occasionally has weird smells that can't be attributed to anything edible. Save yourself the trouble." "Was somewhat disappointed with my order from Bagel Factory today. The bagel was so-so (everything bagel just seemed to be a normal bagel -I doubt homemade- with a few sesame seeds poppy seeds on top). The eggs and cheese were puny and fell off of the bagel super easy. Not horrible "I just found the worst breakfast spot in Pittsburgh. For a  ""bagel factory"" the bagels tasted like they were two weeks old. I'm not kidding. Two weeks old. I got an egg and cheese sandwich. I already expressed my opinion on the bagel. The egg and cheese were disgusting."  and friendly faces behind the counter. I used to frequent it here when I lived a block away "Worst place ever! Bad food - ordered  a bagel sandwich - yuck! And the customer service was horrible. Apparently the guy was the owner  layered with the most delicious icing and covered in burnt almonds and a dusting of powered sugar made this an easy ""yum "Best bakery in Pittsburgh!  They have great cakes and cookies and make very festive holiday cakes.  The rasberry filled  but I usually limit myself to their cookies and their fine bread.  As I said on another review of mine ""Pump that insulin  so this seems odd.  Seems like they could put some stools by the window or even some tables outside....maybe serve some coffee while they're at it.  Second  but the fluffy cake with some type of pudding between the layers was mediocre at best.  I hate it when bakeries make awful cake because it seems to me that is an easy item to get right.  I will give them another chance but so far I would say they are average." Burnt Almond Torte.  Enough Said.  but have been mostly disappointed with the other things I've tried here. I've also not been pleased with the employees - they're not very friendly." The cookies here are excellent.  They had hamantashen around Purim.  I can't speak to the cookies' authenticity  akin to sugar cookies.  The rum balls are naughty little nuggets of goodness.  Everything ...oh and they sell Enrico's biscottis. Can't go wrong with those!"  seriously. I take some back with me on the plane all the way to San Francisco every time I come back to the Burgh. It's that good. Everyone I've given it to agrees."  and you can see the jam in a little cut out circle on the top layer. Their ""burnt almond torte cake"" is supposed to be really famous u1KESST6ATusVrn7F6HUvw  I'll be back for another piece of almond torte...it was that awesome." the treats here are definitely worth taking the next week off to exercise and detox on veggies (as i sit here  they also offer a decent selection of breads and rolls which are tasty as well  creamy - layer upon layer of home style decadence.  Sharing the bar around the car (and making a mess) everyone agreed that this was one of the best baked goods we'd ever experienced - and an absolute bargain at that.  Really  and really sweet.   Lots of great berry muffins."  but it could be one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten.  Not to mention that they offer little mini ones for $1 (perhaps slighly overpriced for the size?) to save me the trouble of eating too much make me a very happy person."  which are mini and many other pastries.  Don't miss this one." I definitely recommend this place for a quick sugary snack or if you need to buy pastries for a group of people.  It is more expensive than some other bakeries i walked away with about 12 mini cups and a carrot cake muffin for a little over $16 "White chocolate raspberry cup The coffee cakes here with the white powdery stuff on top looked so good.  Maybe next time...." I would walk to La Gourmandine Bakery in Lawrenceville before going here again." yWVY1Bq19lDxu3BP7_96EQ  I'm never disappointed by anything at Prantl's and over the years I think I've tried most of their creations.  Bread is good. The simple sugar cookies are the best. Pastries are always a treat. And the prices are reasonable. If you want to try a great bakery in Pittsburgh  but in Prantl's I will stick to the little cups. If I am going to spend more calories With such great reviews I have been trying! I have been there tree times now and I am not surprised! The prices are reasonable and you get decent food. But thats not what I expected. The chocolate and caramel trotewas bad! The cupcakes were ok but for 1usd you can't expect much. The buttercream wasnt impressive... But the filled croissants with blueberry or the one with cheese were not bad at all. It was not a real croissant but satisfying. Since it is in a really convenient location I will probably go back but without the expectations that I had before.  I did not deduct points as I might have caught them on a bad day and I did not try the cake. Whilst still engaged two years ago...Prantl's was my top choice until I arrived for the tasting. Imagine many brides in such a small area and limited staff to assist- provided a cow-herd atmosphere to the tasting. Not my thing- I walked in and walked right back out. I am sure their wedding cakes are amazing yet many places also provide spectacular cakes [hint hint Kribel's bakery is where I got my affordable and tasty gem of a cake] minus the cow herd =)" "This is always a treat... the beloved burnt almond torte lives up to the hype and is never a disappointment.  Seasonal items like pumpkin gob is enjoyable as well.  Prices are affordable  they'll love you for sure! They are frozen so make sure you take it out of the fridge a little bit ahead of time before serving The cupcakes were moist and not too sweet. I will be coming back again."  and the few other things that I've tried from them have been equally delicious! I highly recommend checking out this bakery." For my daughters wedding I ordered five dozen of these for the cookie table. They were a nice addition to the cookies and display beautifully.  They were a Big Hit!" yWVY1Bq19lDxu3BP7_96EQ I just got into town and I had to get to Prantl's. Their sugar dusted cut out cookies are amazing! You can't get cookies like these down south. Staff were polite and expedient." Nothing blew my mind from here except their almond pastries which seem to be their specialty." yWVY1Bq19lDxu3BP7_96EQ  and most importantly not that great!" "Too sweet. Tried the famous almond cake and some cupcakes. Cannot even finish eating them. Plus "Prantl's is my favorite bakery.  I've lived in Pittsburgh my whole life and I've always gotten my birthday cake here (well over 2 decades worth of cakes!).  Prantl's always has a place in my heart.  After the change in ownership  the best dessert I have ever had is the Burnt Almond Torte from Prantl's! It is so delicious  I just simply can't bash the cake.  Our guests did nothing but rant and rave about it  including the famous burnt almond torte."  all variations of the almond torte they have are amazing and worth it. Their customer service was great even though the place is always packed." VAGihg-EbniaW8E5jS5G0g "Honestly I just don't get the how everyone is so in love with this place?  I'm not a native so when I moved to the area many years ago everyone advised my family that we absolutely had to try a burnt almond torte from Prantl's.  We did  the burnt almond torte. I live out of town now and still dream about it (and I make trips there anytime I'm home and in Shadyside). Gah! It's that good. Nothing compares (you KNOW it's going to be good when the box weighs about 5 pounds). I haven't tried the travel version with pastry cream instead of custard "They weren't lying about the Burnt Almond Torte. Oh so good but remember to take small bites or you may be overloaded with the sugar like I was. There were 5 people in front of me but the ladies in this bakery are super efficient. I waited about 5 minutes before I was helped and next thing you know I'm walking down the street eating a cookie and swinging my bag of burnt almond torte.Try the place if you're in the neighborhood  make sure to do it early so you don't miss out! If you're ever wandering around Walnut Street in Shadyside or Market Square downtown Great tip: My brother had it as his wedding cake.  The store made three inexpensive fake round cakes that looked like burnt almond tortes and were on pedestals of varying height with beautiful fresh flowers at the base.  You never "Marvelous bakery.  They are quite famous for their burnt almond torte "I have three words for you:  burnt almond torte.  I'm not a huge fan of pastries  the large ladylock is their masterpiece and is different than then minis.  Get one and split it with a friend."  my arteries hurt after eating a desert from this place. Not half as good as a few of the French etc bakeries around. Why waste your cardiovascular health on this place--go get gelato next door and you'll be better off!" I have also tried a few of their other various baked good and cupcakes. Love this place." The cinnamon rolls are so good. They are almost half cream cheese icing which is delicious. Plan to be in a sugar coma afterward but its so worth it! The red velvet looked good but I felt too guilty to order more after ordering all five of the cinnamon rolls they had left :)  nothing special about it. Maybe it's because I ordered the cake and had it shipped to MD that it tasted bad.  People raving about this cake should try middle eastern or Greek bakeries! I gave a two because they have great customer service when emailing back." Prantl's very disappoints me. My favorite is the mini version of their famous burnt almond cake. They somehow compact all the flavor of their sheet cake into one little cupcake and do not skimp on the burnt almonds as well as the icing. Some of the cupcakes are too sweet for me but they please my friend so it is just a matter of preference for sweetness. "Very good doughnuts! Only purchased the glazed but if you heat it up it's oh so good. Also   if I didn't know it had filling I wouldn't have been able to detect any from the taste.   The frosting was average bakery fare (which  it's most certainly one of my favorites. I'm not the biggest cake person but this one gets me. They sell it in a bar too if you want to just have a taste."  two of which we invented together) and they were absolutely perfect. They came cold and over the time of the ceremony were the perfect temperature to serve. Everyone was saying that these were the best desserts they had in a long time. The fabulous different flavors and the low cost for the cupcakes make this a must use for a wedding! I highly recommend them for any event It's just your regular everyday bakery. Nothing special here. The prices are reasonable and the sweets are good!   go with the tiramisu since it has the redeeming factor of having a strong coffee flavor." Thankfully they were very responsive to email questions and requests and made it very easy for a friend to ship the cakes for us.  They arrived in perfect condition and were delicious."  which brightened up the cake and made it a pleasure to behold.  While it was a bit on the pricey side ($45 for a half-sheet cake)  because I thought I had heard good things about it. I bought about four different pastries to sample with a friend so we could eat them with our coffee across the street. Though the presentation of the treats were lovely "Amazing pastries! Gotta go and check it out.  We had the almond tort  must you be so caloric!?!  It distresses me that I must save you for special occasions."  but it's probably a good business decision for them because I bought a whole cake. Lots of other tasty-looking cookies and breads but those will have to wait until the next time I'm in Pittsburgh!"  you will be hard pressed to find better made and surprisingly rich items. They are most famous for their almond tortes- I first tried one at a party- and they do not disappoint. From pastries to tortes to cakes I did have to scrape some of the torte's frosting off because I did not want to overdue the sweets. I normally do this with cakes and cupcakes so this is not a diss to Prantl's. It is a diss to myself for not being a part of the frosting is the best part of the cake club. Definitely recommend this place to anyone who is in town!" Oh. My. Goodness. Try their sugar cookies or their almond cake-- you will be in sweet tooth heaven. The only thing I dislike about this place is that it's not open 24 7. One thing to be aware of...some of their cups are *very* sweet so if you're not a fan of sugar I might suggest the tiramisu or german choclate...they are a little less sugary than the rest."  my 5th star alone is for their CINNAMON ROLL!!! I fell in love and didn't even go in for one!!! one of the best I've had in life I ate half warm and half cold and both ways were deliciously amazing!!" I binge are three & didn't feel guilty."  cookies and donuts.  Each more sugary and delicious than the next. By far my favorite are the small cake cups.  The perfect little treat while shopping along Walnut St. There are so many flavors to chose from but I can never go past the classic burnt almond custard cup or the seasonal pumpkin cake  cup. That buttercream frosting is heaven!   Also  but Walnut St. attracts pretty arrogant customers - so it makes sense." "I would give 5 stars but the wedding cake sample pack tasted differently from our actual wedding cake. which leads me to believe they skipped the final product. the cake looked great So seriously - Prantl's is amazing. Go there  and 3 burnt almond tort ""thingys"" - the small rectangular ones.  Sooooooo good.  It's a 3-way tie between Prantl' (cakes "This place was real good. I've lived in Pittsburgh for five years and I had never been The other stuff is good... this is just an almond torte review." Nothing comes close to a burnt almond torte bites:) heaven in your mouth.. If you are Eve in Pittsburgh or nearby it is so worth the trip to go get one.. I think they ship them:)  the cake! Amazing!! Very happy I was able to visit. Ended up purchasing an entire half sheet to take home to my team at work." Pastries I purchased today chocolate heart with shamrock on top is a recycled pink heart from Valentine's Day and tasted like it.  UGHHHHH" I got two little bite-size portions of their red velvet cake and their burnt almond torte. I thought the fillings on both were overly sweet and nothing struck me as really good about either."  or the white-chocolate raspberry cups. The pastries that are baked here are delicious and rich. Go here My only complaint is that I wish they close later than 6pm on a weekday and 4pm on Sundays!"  burnt almond torte..." Go early in the day!  Credit cards accepted." Awesome baked goods. What more needs to be stated.  but there is something about the traditional glazed donut that takes the cake. I don't remember the last time I had a truly good homemade donut like this - it literally melted in my mouth. There's also something nostalgic about it that makes you feel like you're reliving a moment in your grandma's kitchen. It's something that's going to keep me coming back for a Saturday morning treat with my coffee!"  but it's one of the best morning pastries in pittsburgh" The cupcake bites are overpriced and too sweet. The regular cupcakes are satisfactory. If you do come here  then you bite into your delicious burnt almond torte and literally think you've died and gone to pastry heaven. Highly recommend for anything from a weekend treat to a family gathering to a wedding." Dirty and old looking bakery. Awful service. They did not cut our cake and did not give even a plastic knife or fork. Burnt almond torte is not as good as I expected. Not recommended.  try the almond croissants at La Gourmandine bakery in Lawrenceville. For better cakes Tip: Take a number to the left when you get in the door."  but yet a lot of places don't make any that are memorable. The first time I came to Prantl's was during the Shadyside Arts Festival and I ordered a glazed donut. It was amazing and I know go every year (and now that I work in Shadyside 5 stars for burnt almond torte cake! I didn't have anything else here. The prices seemed pretty fair and everything looked great  freshly baked.  I would recommend a visit to this bakery.  ""what's your favorite?"" And gave great recommendations. I also picked up a spinach and feta roll and admittedly it was a little dry. The dough also lacked any sultry flavor. So I recommend going in and getting what they're known for: the torte." Made a special trip out of our way to get a burnt almond torte bar.  They were sold out at 2:00 pm on a Thursday.  What's up with that?  The pecan roll bite I had instead  had no flavor--you might as well buy industrially-produced pastry.  The guy did give us two bites for the price of one.  Twice the blandness for the same price!  No thanks. "I absolutely hate this place for loving it so much. I come to Pittsburgh a few times a year and gain 5 lbs on pastries alone from Prantls. Western Pennsylvania in general has a plethora of decent to excellent bakeries compared to most of the world. (Yes ... including odious France.) It's shocking but true. That toasted almond torte of theirs is ridiculous and absurd in its ability to seduce a grown and curmudgeonous man making him feel young and spry and full of vim and vigor (until the sugar crash of course). The dainties made of pastry  but it was very good. The employee that waited on me was so accommodating and polite...kudos on his customer service!! Will be back to order a torte at some point!" If I lived closer I would get this cake again. I'm a former baker so I rate cakes pretty rigorously and this one passes with room to spare." Delicious! I love all the little desserts. Makes it great to be able to treat everything. Love the prepackaged almond cookies.  a friendly efficient staff and a convenient Shadyside location.  There famous burnt almond torte cake is legendary.  It is brilliant that they make it also in a tiered wedding cake.  We had the for my daughter's wedding!"  I could not finish it because of how sweet it is and dry the cake portion was. I can see how it is beloved by pittsburgers. If you like traditional American dessert  we where told that they where to busy and that human errors happen.  I was given a 25 dollar gift card. I would look elsewhere if you are doing a custom cake." "It is a wait because they are a popular bakery. I went in hoping they would have a cake for my mom and dads anniversary. And was very happy that they could squeeze everything I wanted on the cake! Great people working behind the counter  but when I let them know about my dissatisfaction they were dismissive and rude."  but if you're looking for a wedding cake I also got a couple small things. Tiny cupcakes  and they are generous with the toppings. Oof. Every time my coworkers bring Dunkin Donuts or Giant Eagle donuts in I don't even touch them because I am now a doughnut SNOB thanks to Prantl's. I brought a dozen and 1 2 to work today and I'm pretty sure I converted everyone into a doughnut snob. Sorry not sorry." "They make excellent baked goods. Small space  and if you want to suprise yourself or a loved one to one of their custom-made cakes "Get the burnt almond torte. Get it even if you hate nuts. Get it even you HATE ALMONDS! Which both both my husband and I hate! Loved it!!!! It is hard to describe with anything but sweet (but not overly) The cherry cheese cups and the pumpkin donut with orange icing are awesome.  I wish I didn't exchange it to the small one now. They're so good! I definitely will go back for more when I am around there again. I tried their spinach and feta croissant or turnover  I am not a huge fan of their plan cupcakes but this could be more about me not really liking cake. But its true what the say  I've been saying my wedding cake someday will be made of stacked burnt almond torte.  It is.. to die for.  Please don't stop making it ever.  Thanks." "Almond torte is not as good as everyone raves. The petit four is quite disappointing. I'm glad I tried it My favorite is the Burnt almond torte which can be addictive. The almonds are so sweet and crunchy and buttery. It is an excellent make me feel better treat."  terrific donuts & outstanding muffins!" socializing with someone who walked in after me and was obviously just visiting the lady. The other lady finished with her customer and then walked back to the back of the store and they both completely ignored me for a good 5 minutes while I was waiting by the cake case too buy a cake. Ten minutes later I finally asked them exactly how much longer they were going to ignore me and walked out. I them came back to ask for the owner's name and was told it was Ron. Well Ron Extremely rude lady works there on Sundays.  Called at 1:50 p.m.and wanted to pick up a cake for my daughter's birthday.  I was told that they had cakes available but to hurry because they close at 2:00 p.m. sharp.  I arrived at 1:58 p.m. and the rude lady would not let me in.  She kept pointing to the clock.  Pool customer service.  I will NEVER go back. "The worst bakery I EVER SHOPPED IN !!!!!!! Nothing is good here --- cheesecake is cheap whipped cream topped with cherry pie filling. Rum cake is a total joke --- old and I couldn't even swallow it -- I only went back 3 or 4 times because I thought I just didn't choose the right thing (you know the maybe it's me syndrum ) WELL IT WASN""T ME !!!!!! Everything I purchased was bad --- Bread (stale)    maybe $-$$ (at most).  I got a paczki and cream filled donut for nearly $2--that would be similar to a Dunkin Donuts--where the donuts are usually shipped in from off-site.  I haven't tried the cakes "Ate a doughnut from here and 10 minutes later had an awful stomach ache that warranted a visit to the toilet. :( There were a lot of little treats that looked enticing "I am frankly shocked to see so many bad reviews for Graham's Bakery. I love this place so much that it was my first job when I turned 16 (ok yes  I forgot to call them to check on my final payment.  I got a rude call from Linda on a Saturday evening (5 or 6 pm) letting me know I was late and she wouldn't accept a check since it wouldn't clear before the wedding.  Excuse me?  Not clear?  I took as an insult and an accusation as possibly writing a bad check.  Also  they made him a ""smash cake""-- a mini version we could let him go to town on. I thought that was just fantastic."  dinner parties or any excuse I can come up with! My favorite is th death by chocolate and the apple carmel walnut which I believe is only available in the fall.  In addition "Made our first purchase and will be visiting many more times.  We purchased the fruit tart and the carmel Wonderful selection of treats and great friendly staff. They catered the deserts and cake for my wedding and everything went terrific from selecting deserts and cake style with my wife (i sure had no clue!)  to the delivery to the venue on our day . . . and the fun part - eating all their delicious deserts. Just loved those cupcakes and so did all our guests! thanks "The staff is always very friendly and helpful every time I call pop in  I just ordered a very last minute cake for my daughter's birthday and they had it ready to go and it was perfect and tasted wonderful.  I used to have the entire Wilton cake decorating set and would spend hours making frosting and royal icing and decorating every cake myself.  There was a bit of cursing I would reccomend them for every bakery need you have!!!!" "I have gotten several cakes and cupcakes here on different occasions and have always been pleased. The bakery is small but clean and staff has always been helpful and friendly. I would say prices are average. They offer a variety of desserts including numerous different cakes  I called the bakery on my drive to the wedding destination seeking to speak with the owner Linda. I was told she was not in yet but would be shortly and would return my call upon arrival. Linda did not call. I had to call her over an hour later Signature Desserts did my daughters 2nd birthday cake. Both owners spent an hour with me helping design it. The bakery that did my wedding cake a few years ago didn't even give me this much time. The cake was filled with tons of strawberries and cream and tasted even better than it looked. It looked like something from a TV show. We almost didn't want to eat it. The attention and customer service I received was a 12 out of 10 and the cake was something everyone is still talking about and will be for years to come. It was the highlight of the party!! I will post a picture of the Dora cake if I can figure out how too!! "(I'm writing this as I'm eating my first anniversary cake) I can't believe brides in the South Hills go anywhere else? Working with Linda and Signature Desserts was the easiest part of my wedding planning. The wedding package is unbelievably affordable I ordered my wedding cake from them. This was the worst experience I ever had with business owners!! I ordered 3 heart shaped cakes that was to go on a stand that did not fit when it arrived! I ordered the stand from them out of their book. There was suppose to be pink and white roses on the top they were there about 6 of them on this big cake. When I ordered it with Linda showed her a picture with a big bouquet of flowers on it!! Nothing was the way I ordered it! When I called Steve 2 hours before my wedding he was so rude and very unprofessional! I can't even begin to tell you how they treated me!! They made another cake Both of them came to my house I told them how unhappy I was with everything Linda told me she would give me my money back AND take the cakes with her!! Well I couldn't be without a cake!! I told her to get out of house!! I wish I could post a pic of what is was suppose to look like and the one they made me!! I will never take my business there ever again. Steve and Linda were so rude and unprofessional!! Good luck if u go there!! I've been getting my S.O.'s birthday cakes from here for the past 3 years. Their tiramisu cake is delightful! The folks here are also incredibly nice. We had the pumpkin cheesecake that had to much spice for my tastes.  Could not tell it was a cheesecake due to the spice flavor. I was pleased with my purchase and will keep them in mind should the occasion warrant it." We got EXACTLY what we wanted....and more. I recommend them to anyone who is looking for a cake for any special occasion. THANK YOU!!!"  but I didn't understand some of the information. I'm not sure if he wasn't understanding my questions?? But the information he gave me just didn't make sense to me...didn't really answer my questions. Any time I asked for clarity "Beautiful cake w great service and prices. Love their chocolate fudge filling  family owned business that has been around forever. If you'd live in Castle Shannon you have probably pass this place many times but I urge you to stop inside and pick up a loaf of bread or some cookies you won't be disappointed!"  anything you need for a good Italian meal. They also have lunch meat and bread. The bread is incredible! Not only is the food good  but the quality is absolutely there and more than worth it! I know that it's true because whenever I announce that I'm bringing something over or back from Cibrone's everyone lines up to see the choices!"  which was ice in the middle and stale.  There was really no enjoying what appeared to be vanilla pudding inside the puff.  The icing on top was more of a film and the pastry itself tasted oddly I will eat at this WH whenever I am in Belmont If you get to this location ask for Sarah and you will leave with a full stomach and a happy heart. She may tell you a little about herself and you will find someone without an ounce of selfishness in her being. She lives each day with happiness. That's what people in remission do. Each day is a gift."  in Waffle House's home market and a WH on every other corner... NEVER EVER even in the ghetto or the most back woods of Waffle Houses have I ever encountered a roach issue like that." I would order the dish again and I will come back." Roaches Water bugs everywhere while you are trying to eat. Bugs crawling on the booths while you are eating. And I can't wait to come back! Yum!"  I decided a quick run to Auntie Anne's sounded good.  I arrived to a freshly made batch being made. I ordered a pretzel with extra salt and a cinnamon pretzel for my Mom.  Both pretzels were amazing Poor customer service when trying to use reward from app. Left without my earned pretzel...  the employees are super nice.  Even though all I bought was a cookie they offered me a free taste of one of their other products (btw the pecan sweet bread is awesome).  Plus I liked the open layout of the place.  You can watch as they pull the bread out of the oven and wrap it up for you." Their customer service is excellent. You can tell they love baking bread and know a lot about it. You can't help smiling while you're in there Two Citipass coupons--one for a free loaf Used to work at a place in the same shopping center and every Saturday I'd go and get myself either a cookie or a Savannah bar or muffin. Some of the best baked goods Charlotte has to offer.  chances are better than not these guys are at the finish line offering you a fresh slice off one of their loaves.  That they invest in a healthy community just makes me love then a little more." Check out their website for different bread bake days and make sure to score yourself some carby deliciousness. Nom."  when they're closed. Dang! Also I would love for them to offer some sort of breakfast sandwich with eggs in it and a place to sit down. Other than that "If you know of better cinnamon rolls in Charlotte  this is definitely the place to go."  but the quality and simplicity of the ingredients make it worth the cash for me.  FYI they have a coupon in the Charlotte Citipass book: buy any loaf and get a honey whole wheat loaf free!" They aren't making GF sandwiches because they have not sorted out the cross-contamination issues yet I visit Great Harvest at least once a month on a Friday for a loaf of their challah. It's a sweeter challah that we like with butter Can't eat anything for a while so i can savor the flavor." I was so happy to discover this place! Delicious whole grain bread that will definitely be replacing my standard grocery store varieties. The epitome of nutritious and delicious.  but decided against it since I was hosting lunch at my home within hours.  My guests thoroughly enjoyed soup in the bread bowls. I can't wait to have more lunch guests; I will definitely order bread there from now on." This is the nicest store with wonderful bread and good people.  I was having a tough day; car would not start and I had lost my charge card so one guy was particularly generous.  Thank you. I'm pretty sure this is the location that sponsor a lot of the race events in the Charlotte area where you will find Jeff slinging out yummy stuff after races.  My favorite is the cinnamon chip with a little honey drizzle on top..... definitely negates the running I just did  and they ice cream cakes are fantastic. It's also nice to be able to get the ice cream cupcake...you usually think of ice cream cakes as being for special occasions only  your marshmallows should not be so stale they're positively chewy.  We sat and ate ice cream in the shop before going our separate ways home  but a nice young lady came out and fixed our ice cream for us.  She was pretty meticulous with the mix-ins and did a good job."  nothing to come back to. A bit pricey compared to other ice cream establishments. And the ice cream wasn't all that good." Place is dirty.  Both bathrooms were out of order.  Young lady was very nice.  Will not go back.  Placed smelled like industrial cleaner. We will not be back.  Not even worth a Groupon!!!  :("  both bathrooms out of order and a hand written sign saying only 2 samples per customer. Ice cream is just ok IMO and overpriced for the quality." I live Maggie Moos but it seems they're out of red velvet ice cream most of the time.  I guess with it being a best seller.....but that should be a clue to have more readily available.  The staff is always friendly which is a plus and last time I tried a flavor I had never tried. Overall an EXCELLENT choice for a frozen treat while in the University area!"  key toppings seem to never be in stock and the menu ingredients for the ice scream is inconsistent. There's no health score posted and I believe that I know why. If you are in the mood for ice scream just drive to Marble Slab on Rea Road it's a little bit of a drive but it is completely worth it."  and since we were there for a late lunch we were the only ones not sitting alone playing with laptops. However ShEYKerTwb2LSORE5o_s7A  quite possibly highlight of the food.  I was pleasantly surprised by the whole breakfast experience here.  I wasn't planning on finding such a great place for breakfast in the Prairie Cafe.  Maybe one of these days I'll get a chance to try lunch here too." "I have visited Prairie Cafe several times and love it. The breakfast lunch menu is varies from great egg dishes to tasty sandwiches and salads. Vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike will find somthing satisfying. Good selection of in-house  and have been continually impressed with Prairie. The food is always spot on and the atmosphere is so comfortable. The cafe sandwiches take one step towards gourmet--the tuna and egg salads are made in-house with a little twist from the same old. All are served with a choice of side; I favor the black bean and corn salad. Breakfast is no exception to Prairie's perfection--my scrambled eggs with spinach and pesto were fresh and filling. And it's hard to go wrong with any of the real fruit smoothies or coffee drinks. Prairie is exactly the way a cafe should be."  and the original art on the walls is a nice touch. Great place to meet a friend for lunch. Haven't tried breakfast or bakery but the chai latte was warm and tasty. They also have some vegetarian choices. About a year ago we went and the lobster bisque was really salty "I desperately needed some lunch and came on this gem. I had the Almond Chicken Salad sandwich on a fresh 7-grain bagette with corn & bean salad. The sandwich was amazing. I didn't really care for the salad Delicious food.  Good prices.  They serve Alterra coffee - awesome!  My only complaint is that they don't accept credit cards. "I happened upon this charming restaurant and loved the simple and warm feel of the place. I had visions of an egg breakfast but it was too late in the day The coffee was delicious.  The food was good.  It wasn't the best breakfast I've ever had but it was solid.  Cash only.  flakey and had the best chocolate filling I've ever had in pain chocolat! My husband swore that his mocha was the best he's had in his life. Kind of makes us want to move out here!" Just got back from having breakfast with the girls! It rocked! Excellent breakfast! Two of us had the scramble special & one had a scone - to die for! Great atmosphere! Easy place to meet family & friends and or work! I'll be going back very soon! :)  but it's really nothing special. There are several other breakfast coffee shops in the area (including a Starbucks across the road) and I will be patronizing them instead from now on." My food was surprisingly good but the tuna salad had some odd ingredients. Read my full review! Prarie Cafe & Bakery exists in one of those cafe restaurant purgatories in which nothing is offensive and nothing is remarkable. I'm not running back but will probably return at some point."  as well as good veggie breakfast options. Not the fastest service but worth the wait." Take it. Leave it. Whatever."  scones and eggs.  Also has wifi.  Try the scramble of the day.  Be sure to get there early (or late) on the weekends to get a good seat!  Also ShEYKerTwb2LSORE5o_s7A "I ate here twice this week. The first time with 5 others for a lunch meeting; the second time with my wife & daughter for a light brunch. Both days were warm and muggy so I started with an iced coffee. Well done. Can't go wrong with Alterra. For my work lunch I ordered the CBLT  locally sourced food."  but it was still fun to sit outside on a perfect day  corned beef hash was OK but not great. Service was very friendly and prompt. Nice area outside to enjoy the sunshine while having breakfast." Great Place. Just good quality breakfast and lunch foods. It's a solid three star option with lots of upside if the bakery improves its consistency."  after waiting in line for 20 minutes and taking quite a while to give our order (because it was VERY loud) we were told that it would take about 30 minutes to get our food. Not exactly what I wanted to hear after waiting 20 minutes but fine. When I try to pay I am informed that they do not accept debit credit cards. Cash or check only!! No where on the door or while in line does it say cash or check only! There apparently is a very small sign on the register that says that but there is so much other crap posted in that area 99% of the people there probably never saw the sign. This is just ridiculous in this day and age to not accept cards. Even worse is the BS sign on the register. I will never eat here again just because of this!"  a breakfast sandwich and quiche of the day. Was told drinks would be out in a few minutes but food would take 40 minutes. Don't know if its always like that or if they were just short staffed. But seriously 40 min for a slice of quiche and a breakfast sandwich? We told them just make the drinks Hire another cook and install another stove. Came all the way here from Spring Green--sad face." I know there are places that don't accept plastic (my favorite being The Curve on Park St.) but in my opinion this is simply not acceptable for an upscale place at premium pricing.  Also with so many places to choose from in the Madison area I'm certainly not going to make a special ""cash trip"" just to dine at your establishment." "I think this is a good place to come for breakfast or lunch. The food is definitely homemade and tasty. Straightforward and good quality. I've often had the salads featured on their board and have really enjoyed them. Additionally Nice place for meetings. Many tables spread out through the space. Food is very good. Cup of soup included bread AND pieces of fruit which was a sweet surprise. The salted pecan pie latte is also a nice fall diversion from pumpkin latte. Nice to have another local establishment. Bummed they only take cash as I rarely carry cash and for me that's why a star was lost. "I had the Tuscan chicken & 3 cheese.  Very yummy and served with a side choice.  I chose the sliced fruit.  I can say it was worth the $10...not for just the food but the ambiance.   I'd come back here to try another hot sandwich.   Just keep in mind  and overpriced. I ordered a breakfast sandwich with no meat --  it took 20 minutes and cost $6.75." Weak food for yuppies. Overpriced. Underwhelming.  And you're surrounded by West Siders who should really know better... but of course don't.  a cookie and a kid's meal- at least the kid's meal included the drink!  I will definitely be back to the Prairie Cafe! Don't let the other negative reviews scare you away! The sandwiches are definitely worth it! :)"  but want me to dish out money for checks or ATM fees...makes me mad on principle. And there is a Starbucks literally across the street or other local joints that will gladly take my debit credit cards down the a little ways away that I will now know to frequent instead."  especially the breakfast!  The stuffed French toast special is fantastic.  I may be a bit biased because I've gone there growing up" I went there for Sunday brunch. I had ordered a breakfast burritto and a cup of lentil soup. Both of them were served with a few slices of fresh fruit (pineapple and orange to be specific). The burritto was just perfect. It was quite filling without making me fall asleep as typically happens after eating at brunch places. The soup was good as well although not as good as the burritto. I would visit this place again for sure. "Great atmosphere. Higher end suburban location. Prairie style decoration. Went there on a Friday morning and it is definitely the retiree  hot spot! You stand in line to order but made to order plates are delivered to you by table numbers. I ordered the corned beef hash.very corned beefy--ok with that. It's shaved meat not ground up. Very oniony--not ok with that. And it should have been crispier. Weak on the potatoes in my hash and hubby's side to his eggs. Overall Cheers to all who helped build the culture of this coffee shop   restaurant!" The big pluses are the right amount of butter and sugar in their pastries. It is never too sweet or too oily.  The right use of butter also gives a desirable texture as well.  The cakes have very fine layering (4 layers over 2.5in height)  but the staff can be grumpy. There is ususally a sale or special deal to look for on one of the store's front tables  in a very far out of the way place. I am sure there are better places to go to grab a loaf of bread and a cookie."  bread to be found here! All fresh and ready to eat. Staff was very helpful and professional and friendly. Place was bright and clean. A mouth-watering experience! Already looking forward to my next visit."  I had to reschedule the party and the cake for the following week. the Baker did not get my cancellation and baked the cake. Clasen's said they were sorry and not to worry about it. When I picked up the cake the following week it was stale. my guess is they just kept the cake in the fridge until I picked it up the following Friday. I called to let them know they apologized and said they would call me back. I never heard from them. :( Disappointing."  I managed to get a simple of a brownie they had on special. The brownie was good. Not life changing OMG. Go early and get everything you have ever wanted in European carb form. Yus Yus Yus.  and I felt like a kid in a candy store. I'll definitely be back for the artisan breads." The rolls make the best hamburger buns."  I had to look  up to avoid temptations hahaha.... they offer free samples of current goodies & coffee... had every flavor you could think of for cookies I usually pick up their buns at outpost in Milwaukee and I've been a fan.  We stopped at the bakery in Madison and was impressed at their selection.  For natural ingredients and consistent quality baked goods this place is it.  not too sweet cakes and sweets! You'll fall for them at the first bite :D. Trust me on this! :D"  this is the only place to go in the Madison area.   The marzipan rings are my favorite but anything with marzipan or nuts is great.   If you're looking for ordinary bakery fair such as cookies and croissants  I special order my favorite:  Lemon poppyseed with raspberry preserve filling and a lemon buttercream frosting.  A perfect balance of richness and sweetness."  but dated. The outside exterior can't be helping business -- if you can get past the stark white exterior walls  the eggs with Hollendaise sauce looked and smelled really good..."  and snatching something out of the bakery case." If you like tabasco withyour meal you might want to bring your own as they will bring out a botle but it is the habanero type. It may be to hot for some palettes."  or at least take off the price of eggs. But it does have a great environment and they're otherwise friendly." Service is always polite and attentive and prompt  and know how to crank through tables.  They've always been busy when we've been there (weekend mornings) but even when the wait looks long it's less than 10 minutes-- and once you're seated  but they bake their own bread and pastries. Great service and very affordable. I come here as often as I can." "My girlfriend and I checked out this place on Labor Day right after the Mustard Museum.  It was closing at noon and the nice waitress let us eat quickly.  I had the steak and eggs with toast.  My girlfriend had the peach n' French toast plus the eggs benedict vegetarian style.  Well This is by far the best breakfast place in the Madison Middleton area.  Great food and outstanding service.  Definitely has grandma's kitchen feel to it!!  but the stellar service makes up for it. I cannot wait to be back. We've already decided to stop here the next few Sundays to try other things off of their menu!" "Hash browns are delicious. The egg dishes are filling. Coffee is actually not half bad! This is truly great diner food-- the spot is busy The breakfast food here is amazing! The staff and service are great! They always have fresh products. Love it!  I eat breakfast or lunch here. Home cooking!! Friendly staff! Fresh baked goods." This is truly home cooking at its best. The staff is abundant and friendly. My breakfast today consisted of the Blueberry French Toast. The blueberries are actually in the bread dough!  Served with warm syrup. Definitely worth getting up early and running those two miles. Open only until 1:00 pm so make your plans to get there!!  also delicious! Service was very fast and really friendly!  Eventually although the biscuits were gone I had to ask the waitress to remove the gravy from my table "Very friendly staff with a fun local feel. Inside seating is cozy and nice alternative to a chain like Perkins. Adorable prices One of the best breakfasts I have ever had .I had the pecan waffle and it was the best waffle I have ever had in my life  even though you know you'll need to run an extra 5 miles the next day.  C's is just a greasy spoon.  IHOP and Denny's are far better choices." "Love this place sooo much and my husband and I miss our once a month trips there.  Came to review them to make sure they're still around; relieved they are.  This place is cozy  quick service. However the space is small (former KFC) and the space is too tight during the wait for brunch on the weekend. I will try again during the week when it is less busy." "Great place for breakfast. Warm friendly atmosphere where the wait staff knows your name after a couple of visits. The coffee is smooth and mello. Never bitter or burnt tasting. ""Where Middleton goes for breakfast."""  I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the area!"  they would bring me a cherry turnover for lunch." One of the best bakeries in town! Try the German Cholate cake for a real treat.  especially for the price. Scott's needs to get with the program and go natural. I don't like high fructose corn syrup in my apple fritter. Besides that the ladies that work here are always mean to me for no reason :( Their cookies are hard "Delicious donuts. Especially the ones with caramel frosting. I would stay away from the ""elephant ears"". They look better than they taste." Very happy with Scott's Pastry Shoppe.  I had a speciality - gag cake made up and they were terrific.  I have only had doughnuts and such and thought they were terrific.  but the donuts are delicious. I just wish they were open on Sunday mornings." I do like the NAME of the place  it's crap looking.  At least the maker is interested in helping to satisfy I recently had a birthday and as part of the celebration my partner ordered a cake from Scot's. The cake was beautifully decorated and tasted delicious. I would highly recommend them for any of your dessert needs! I should also mention we split a cookie and it was fantastic as well! "Happy Fat Tuesday! My coworker brought in a delicious king cake with cream cheese frosting and chocolate chips from Scott's. I didn't find the baby so I don't have to buy the next one  the $1.90 ea for a maple & bacon long john is worth the novelty.  At least once.  They're surprisingly good."  it's worth a stop if you're in that part of town. :]"  across from the Madison East Shopping Center. Pretty easy to miss when driving.)"  though nothing fancy and I like it much stronger. Will try their falafel soon." The only thing I really wish this place would do is make fresh bread and rolls  hands down.  And reasonably priced too.  Good chicken sandwiches.  And their mediteranian entrees are delicious as well.  As for the donuts  and great (but sort of slow) service. This place is definitely worth checking out." The only thing I can think of against the place are the hours- I really wish they stayed open longer! I cant count how many times ive been returning from groceries or whaterver and passed by the place "I usually go here because they have some Halal dishes but it's definitely not my ""go -to"" place for Halal.  I find that I have to be in the mood for it in order to really enjoy it.  However I have to give them more stars. For one they have pretty tasty food once I tried more dishes.  The cucumber sauce on the side also really good.  It has also become my stop for mousaka! Mmmm" Tabouli was a bit saucy (ask them to use less dressing)." Ryq600aoE3h8_qRQGIed9A Food is excellent and reasonably inexpensive! Had to wait a little bit because he made everything fresh. I'll definitely wait for freshly made food! "We will drive from Dudgeon Monroe to the East side for good falafel and gyros. The quality and service at People's Bakery are a great reminder why the (much closer) Biryani doesn't deserve our business. Skip the babaganoush Awesome gyros at a great price... haven't tried anything else yet but I am definitely a fan and will continue to go back (at least for a gyro)  etc. Probably can't go wrong with anything there."  the food is really cheap - you can get a whole huge bag of great food for under 20 bucks. An older Lebanese couple run this place - they are very nice and do a good job. As far as the bakery items  but the food was EXCELLENT.  personal service from the husband & wife owners make you feel right at home.  the tabouleh and hommos definitely rival anyplace i've ever tried.  they actually make the tabouleh to order!!!  incredibly fresh and delicious.  delicious baklava!  and  shish tahouk and baba ganouj."  this is an AWESOME Madtown ethnic eats spot...and oh yeah...how can  completely dismiss the incredible homemade donut selection?  They looked stunningly good  if you think about ordering food here. still worth visiting."  but the owners were charming and seemed to enjoy us enjoying their food. My five-star ratings often depend on how likely and how often I would return Downside = Styrofoam containers...I might attempt to bring my own next time to avoid them!" The lady that works the counter is very friendly.  When we went back to purchase the pastries we only had credit cards So good!!! We went as a group and everyone loved the food they ordered.  The food was very reasonably priced!! Yum! Stopped here a few times for the yummy baklava. I've eaten lunch here once and it was fabulous. I had the tan-tan chicken and it was amazing! Moist chicken and lovely flavors.  and the owners are incredibly warm and friendly people who have been crafting joy through delicious food for many moons now. There is nothing to keep me from recommending People's Bakery with the full five stars." We will definitely be back!" Living 1 block away is dangerous! This is a hidden treasure for sure. The owners are a sweet older couple who knock out some amazing food. Can't speak for the donuts but I promise you will enjoy the food. The falafel with fries is a bargain--5 bucks or so--and it will be made totally fresh for you. My go to I don't feel like cooking spot.  does the People's Bakery unseat Trader Gus as my King of Madison Gyros.  I say it's too close to call right now.  What I do know is that I plan to return to the People's Bakery to conduct more extensive research.  And if you find yourself on the east side with an empty stomach and a light wallet  which comes as a sandwich or entree sized plate. They have other standard Mediterranean options such as hummus and kebobs. Seating is limited and would not be good for large groups. Definitely more of a take-out place. I would definitely go back to explore their menu." To be honest i had tunnel vision on the donuts but I believe they have some other things to offer for lunch and dinner." "I love these guys - the best - BEST - donuts any where in the world  but most importantly they had the best baklava I've ever had." They forgot my tomatoes. There is nothing really terrible about this place  the owners are great the only issue I see us that it  is hard to stop eating them"  and delicious too. I didn't bother asking them about ingredients because it's so obvious."  I really like the people who run this place and the people who hang out there." Great Greek food. Delicious and huge assortment of donuts! Worth stopping in for a treat. A husband and wife team run this place and they do an outstanding job.  Super nice too.  If you want an outstanding box of donuts "Best falafel in the midwest  and some green pepper and onions.  It was very fast and not too expensive (around $13).  I will definitely order from here again!" Great Mediterranean food and friendly owners. They also make delicious kosher doughnuts!  but you can't beat it for great take-out.  The falafel is amazing!  Their hummus doesn't come close to competing with Banzo  even if you're just picking up donuts to go. There was just one person working the counter and cooking customers' meals so the whole process took awhile." Great donuts topped off a tasty meal. A little hard to find but like Arnold I'll be back. Even though the decor and all is pretty modest Hopefully I can update my rating in the future :("  which I think is wonderful. My son will accompany me on a trip to People's Bakery if I promise to buy him a couple doughnuts. The two of us sit in the scanty boothed table as he unenthusiastically watches me savor every last tidbit of the kibbe dipped in the yogurt sauce. Mmmmm... considering how labor intensive it is to make kibbe at home  but I'm lucky my coworker does. I get ridiculously excited when she brings them in. My usual stop in Madison to cure a donut craving is Scott's in Middleton because it's convenient and decent (I think their best donut is their raised maple frosted or the decadent german chocolate) I am now a huge fan! Service is fast and prices are great. The blueberry fritter is heavenly. On the weekends I anxiously wait for 7 am to roll around so I can head over for my fix."  and my husband got the gyro. We also ordered hummus as an appetizer. The app never came out and then she called out our food and we had to pick it up. The spinach dish was most likely the most unappetizing plate I have eaten  consider Carl's Cakes -- But consider very carefully. Give him an exact cake design and make ABSOLUTELY SURE he can do it without modifications BEFORE you give him a dime." "Carl did an incredible job on my wedding cake. My husband and I chose Carl as our baker at a wedding show. I had read online to be wary of bakers who use a lot of filling to disguise dry or flavorless cake  and he took great notes during our tasting (not every wedding vendor we worked with was good about doing this). We got exactly what we wanted  I suppose he kind of gets to determine the market since he has no real competition.  The only negative I have is that my daughter's birthday is in mid June and the city of Sun Prairie shuts down all the streets around the store location for some stupid street festival.  Generally I have to park about seven blocks away Recently went with Carl for my wedding cake. The wedding cake tasted AMAZING and the design that Carl came up with was simple and very classy. Carl is very nice and I felt that the cake was very reasonably priced. Thanks so much! "I was excited to work with Carl at my tasting.  I had some issues finding the place and traffic was bad.  My 30 minute trip turned into a 40 minute trip and I was 15 minutes late.  I figured I could talk to him when I got there (rather than try to find his number while driving) and it wouldn't be a big deal.  I got there and was informed he had left for the day.  Ummm ok.  Kind of shady considering he had my number and could have informed me.  I decided I would give it another shot - maybe there was a good reason.  I called a few days later to reschedule and left a message.  Several days passed with no response.  I get that I was late but I am a customer.  I was left feeling he was very stuck up and unprofessional.  He could have said he has a late policy I would probably give Carl's Cakes 2.5. The lady who dropped off the desserts for my reception was very rude at first. After she found out I was the bride she was a lot nicer but I think she thought I was a wedding planner or something. We traveled for our reception and forgot some things at home. Honest mistake but it was nothing major and she was rude about it. The desserts were delicious but the service was not what I had expected I see that since I posted my review Deb R. from Carl's Cakes commented.  Thanks for your comment and those pictures.  I can definitely tell which ones Carl decorated as opposed to other cake decorators working there.  The cakes with a very simple piping design and love birds have Carl written all over them.  The cakes that are more creative and interesting are done by other people.  Oh  I called the diner that he calls home.  They were extremely helpful and willing to help me on last minute's notice.  They were decorated beautifully for a fair price.  The frosting was not my favorite but the wonderful service made my wedding so much smoother.  Thank you very much to the bakers who saved my day!"  sweet but without the heavy over-saturated oiliness of some cakes. It was also delivered totally on time and in great shape at our wedding venue."  enough to write a review after the fact. I was at a wedding show today and saw Carl's Cakes there and the decor I saw on the cakes looked much better than it did two years ago  but I just have never had an enjoyable experience eating any cakes from Carl's Cakes." They also do cheesecakes which I know will lure me back at some point." "I ordered a cake for my son's birthday party specifically because the picture I saw of it in their cake catalog looked amazing.  It was a three-tiered cake with half of a layer (or two) cut out to give the illusion of trees for a wild animal themed cake. I was quite impressed with the picture of the cake they previously did and ordered it.  I was surprised when I went to pick up the cake to find it all one level and resembling the picture (which was nice but NOT what I ordered). I spoke with the manager and was very pleased with how she handled the situation.  In all fairness Best cake I've ever had. Staff is friendly and super easy to work with. Can not wait to see our wedding cake in September!!  and the buttery frosting. It wasn't so sweet that your teeth hurt but extremely old fashioned buttercream. It was easy to order it and easier to pick it up. I would highly recommend this to anyone!" Needed a last minute birthday cake and found them on yelp and gave them a call. Asked if they could meet the quick turn around (one day) and they said wouldn't be a problem. Cake was ready early and was delicious. It received several compliments from the crowd. I would definitely recommend and my birthday can't come soon enough.  just a word of advice. My dead grandmother could make a cake better than this one that didn't send me to a cardiologist and actually tasted like something other than plastic."  not a granulated sugar overload. My favorite flavor lately is Grasshopper. Ordering and pick-up has always went smoothly!!" Ordered a lemon cake for a dinner party.  A huge hit!  Great prices for lovely cake. "You can find this company's products at several retail stores throughout Madison and also at their booth at the summer Farmer's Market. The donuts are always moist and very tasty. The cookies are hit an dmiss--some days they are the perfect combination of being chewy in the middle and crunchy on the outsides. The scones are far too dry for my taste Next time you go to the CSFM... sting Stella's and make a beeline to Oakhouse.  They may be -1 on product marketing  I certainly plan on giving Oakhouse another shot. I'm hoping to dig into some of their donuts next time A good place for groceries if you're willing to make a second trip to Schnucks or Meijer for produce."  and will recognize you if you are a regular. Their booze section is pretty good with a decent selection and fair prices  both the bacon and the packages of soup were on sale. That seems like quite a coincidence. Does County Market know these things are expired and do they put these expired items on sale knowingly because they do not want to pay for the loss themselves and want to then put it onto their shoppers?" Sign up for max card mall which is a card that earns points toward gift cards. You can also select online coupons to load to your card from the website."  taking advantage of people in the neighborhood who don't have a car to drive to Schnucks or Meijer.  I bought two items.  Both were overpriced to begin with and wound up ringing up for even higher amounts at the register.   I won't be back anytime soon." Similar to Dominicks' stores around Chicago.  Will cost more than the competition  but they have a ridiculous booze policy: they card everybody you are with "Schnuck's store brands are mostly inferior to the major brands. One would  think they would have an Aldi mentality and demand the best from their manufacturers. They don't watch the expiration dates on many products Food and produce are on the pricey side. But the produce is fresh and the sushi bar is superb for supermarket standard. "I went on a busy day. The aisles are too small. The bakery was extremely small for it being a schnucks. I did like their selection of yogurts. Everyone was over there when I was trying to look for some yogurt. Prices are a bit high to my dismay  the deli meat and cheese selection is only about half of what I'd like to see."  as there is often no rhyme or reason to it.  Things that should logically be together are in different rows. The flavored creamer selection is wanting (I have an addicition to the stuff).  Staff is usually friendly and helpful.  My biggest complaint about the place is that items disappear from the shelves.  Things I bought for weeks or months on end suddenly are no longer stocked.  Frustrating.  This goes for items in the deli My only complaint in regards to the donuts would be that they rarely have any bavarian cream donuts available.  So if the bakery manager is reading this  specially when it comes to packaged food. There are enough options to choose and there're chances that you fine some stuff on sale. So far it's one of the best places I've gone for groceries in Urbana. 1st time customer too very fresh food. and the self checkout is good since the machine is sensitive.  the strawberry I bought is very good and cheap.  etc.....it was the place to go!  Very friendly service and everything is homemade on the premises.  I went back for Memorial Day weekend this past May and unfortunately it was closed when I visited campus.....I cannot wait to go back to have a cookie sandwich!  MmmMmmm"  so call and check to make sure they're open if you plan on stopping in."  is alright; essentially a cookie broken in half with frosting slathered in the middle. I wouldn't go out of my way to pick up one of those  but only on orders that are $5 or more."  say hi to Ed (nicest owner in the world)  are absolutely amazing. I live in Chicago and have been to many bakeries and nothing compares to the Cookie Jar in Champaign. My favorite is the sugar cookie with icing. If you like any type of cookies/desserts you NEED to check out the Cookie Jar."  chocolate chip walnut and chocolate chunk. The chocolate chunk was by far the best of the three. There was a lot of choco chunks and they were still a little gooey. Yum! I wasn't that big of a fan of the chocolate chip walnut. There were lots of walnuts on top but the cookie was almost cakey with not enough choco chips. The double choco cookie was fine. A bit flat Went with a co-worker and I am not a sweet things fan. But their cookie is creamy and sweet. I would definitely come back. My friend Best cookie place in town!!! Ed is the nicest owner there is. My birthday always lands on the weekend it seems in summer and he will open up just so we can pick up a cookie cake and double doozies. His cookie cakes are AMAZING. And don't even try the double doozies because you will be addicted. Great local place with great treats at great prices!!! Thank you Cookie Jar!! Great little cookie shop! Prices are very reasonable! Lots to choose from too! Cookies are awesome! I love the peanut butter! My husband loved the buttercream sandwiches. Will keep going back when we want cookies :) location is not bad at all either "If you want seriously quality cookies for a great price It's only opened M-F 6:30a-4p" The two bright spots are 1) the price...my salad and medium drink was $6.23 which isn't a bad deal at all and 2)the number of tables outside this location where you can escape the office to enjoy a nice  i know there are allot better options in my neighborhood for some cookies. but if i'm downtown in the mix and they are open I dont think they have much else to serve for breakfast besides a few pastries and coffee.  Worth going to again for breakfast!" For a healthy option this is the place to go."  grilled chicken topped salad.  Also the Asian chicken and BBQ chopped salads SZvYxcvYYVRue9MXcEDjsA  don't walk -- RUN to a different restaurant." What the hell. Pumpkin goodness only comes once a year." This place always runs out of items on the menu. I've ordered the chicken fried steak twice and it never comes with the fresh bread they advertise. In this visit alone I've heard the waitress tell two tables they didn't have baked potatoe or a breakfast item. Our waitress appeared lithargic and took a long cigarette break while all her tables waited on her and the cook. It was bad enough she didn't check up on her guest often enough. The team leader is no better. She's helped us twice before. Never smiles. its enough to make someone depressed. Luckly the food they have is great on an empty stomach. Love the unlimited hot coco. Avoid the water. Tastes like algee. I have gone here quite a few times. I like having a diner close by for breakfast and newspaper reading. But this one is always short staffed. And there doesn't seem to be much management around to smooth things out. Food is usually good but staff always seems stressed out. May be due to serving hoards of poor tipping elderly. Always understaffed.  I can't tell you how many times I've been there and they have one poor server working on half the tables! their prime rib is not bad!"  if you know what I mean.  She's in need of a major ""makeover"".  The carpet has seen better days = and a dirty carpet  in a restaurant always makes me cringe.  I was there for a late lunch (2:30). I received my iced tea quickly and my menu  went there for breakfast the other morning and considering the price isn't bad." This is where I would eat on Saturdays when I working.  The service was satisfactory at best and food was always good.  it is a la carte. Ok fine. $7.99!!!! The latkes MEAL was $8.99! Had a really poor server. I think this was his first job. Got a slice of pumpkin pie to go...pretty good. Nothing that I can't get at Costco."  our server (David) is awesome very nice and friendly and he always makes fresh coffee for us :)" "Have been visiting this Coco's for several years after taking family to doctor appts. I like their menu. I like their staff. It's a nice friendly place to go sit down have something good to eat and talk. If it's HOT outside you can go in order some iced tea and it will be nice and cool inside.  If its chilly outside it will be toasty warm and they have coffee. Their soups are YUMMY! Tried the butternutsquash for the first time Great place to have breakfast at anytime the food is amazing and the service is great! Our server April was on top of everything made our Sunday brunch an experience :) thank you!  and my kdis grandma use to take them there all the time.  Out of nostalgia they wanted to stop here.  So we went in got a booth and I was SHOCKED!  There was literally trash and food all over.  I was going to ask for another booth and looked around to see they were all like that.  We ended up leaving  so I decided to give it a try.  I am not sorry!  The manager Earl and the waiter Robert were as attentive and aware of me as it gets.  They both made me feel welcome and I was seated and waited on as soon as I walked in the door.  I ordered right away and my food was ready in minutes.  The food was great "Visited between lunch and dinner:  Fast and friendly service.  Far better menu than IHOP or Denny's.  Meal combos ""Trio"" (limited time only?) are fantastic because you get a slice of your choice of pie.  Unbeatable bargain because the food is fresh Great service and a tremendous variety of delicious pies. "Really wonderful service from Coco's tonight! We had an inkling for pie and dropped by ten minutes before close "Nice location and the food was good.  Service was initially quick but quickly things went south when the restaurant filled with people.  I think we may have been forgotten when we came here but they seemed to have been short staffed.  I don't totally blame the staff The Tables were Grossly dirty on the edges.. carpet is filthy and people just hanging about on their laptops talking loudly and using the wifi..  The Servers seem nice.. but the entire Management seems to Just  Not Care.. It Needs a Good Cleaning.. Consistant cooks that know how to Cook and Maybe if Corporate came in and  took a hose to everything .. It might have a chance."  are great! This is about the 3rd or 4th time that I've eaten here. I've never been disappointed with the breakfast. I haven't tried the rest of the menu unfortunately. What keeps them from getting five stars...today... is my server. I haven't got much attention from him "Not super impressed with Cocos.  The fruit was not ripe and the calorie content on the menu was sky high!  The lighter menu was still high but it was good. However "Got a 12 Oz prime rib for lunch and flavor wise it was meh it arrived cold needed salt and 1/4 of my steak was just a chunk of fat took a nice photo  and got seated right away. 4/5 of us got the special - any burger + 1 side + a slice of any pie for $8.99! All of our orders were right and cooked just the way each of us wanted them. Our waitor and one of the cooks in the back were very attentive and kept making sure everything was tasty without being annoying and pesty like some waitors are. I'm a picky person  but the service is always...always...always inconsistent.  I'm at work and don't have time for this.  Gurrrrrr!  Somebody answer the PHONE!!!" We enjoy most of the food on the menu The food was a five but the service not so...made me ask for coffee like 5 times she kept forgetting... I would go back though "Looking for a cheap and good breakfast place?  Love this neighborhood Coco's.  Never too busy and food is always hot and fast.  Bacon crispy and pancakes are light and flavorful.  Less than 10 bucks "Mom & I are regulars. We always enjoy the food! Exceptional service by our favorite server  this terrible service was from the night shift staff." Close to my house so we go often buttt they have a seafood shepherds pie omg aaaawwwweeesone My husband and I go to the location of Coco's quite often. I love the Spicy Asian Chicken salad. The menu is varied with something for everyone. Tonight we were served by Robert but many timed we've been served by Adam. We always get great attentive service by people who are very accommodating.  It'ss one of our regular places to eat and we always leave happy and satisfied.  the food was hot and marvelous. We both ordered their spaghetti and meat sauce and we shared a piece of coconut pie (they have the best pie in town). We highly recommend this restaurant for family-style food My favorite breakfast spot the service is always great and the good is delisious and inexpensive! I ordered the steak with veggies and a baked potato for dinner. Not bad! I love bread and it came with the dark bread and white bread all for about 14 bucks! yum  there are flies flying around everywhere and the place seemed old and filthy. The wait to be seated was not too long considering it is Father's Day "The service was good here. I had an excellent waitress named April. I come in here often. She always joyful. I just have to say that the Prime Rib Burger was superb. It was juicy tender and tasty. I devoured it. I like how the don't up charge for sweet potato fries Omg great service good food.  Its been awhile since I've eaten at a Coco   Mom and I were here yesterday and again great service. So I brought my boyfriend today and again great service and food.  There cheesecake with peaches on top is the best.  We'll be back soon there peach feast ends on the 31.  Also the manager I've notice talks to the customers he'll seat you and bring you your drinks.  Again great service and food. This is a great family restaurant. Service is amazing and they always treat you like family. The food is great and the ambience is very welcoming.  We have been going to this location for several years. Breakfast is also great.. they have a wide variety of options. All the bakery products are excellent specially the pies.  so we had to wait long for them to make it again. I didn't touch my plate because I was disgusted after seeing the hair in the food and they still charged my plate for something I didn't eat Coco's is still one of the best places  in the Valley to go for good American food prepared as it always has been.  You will be glad to know that this one on 7hth Street is still open!  Some others have closed.  I've been there for dinner twice lately and had the salmon and a New York Strip Steak  The salad greens are so crispy (getting to be a rare thing most places) and they serve great baked potatoes and veggies.   Really good..  Server Adam is attentive and helpful.  the service above your expectations and the people are incredible.  Much more than we would have ever expected from a small chain-type restaurant.  Be sure to try the Cocoanut Creme Pie Had a great experience at this restaurant. Honestly had the best burger ever! Had a prime rib burger with bacon. A must have if you like burgers. The service was great as well. Plus it wasn't too busy for a Friday night.  The pie for dessert was delicious as well. Would recommend this place to anyone. "This is a 2 star at best.  The prices is not $ should be $$.  I've gone to better restaurants with a smaller bill and more food.  The staff is what made it blah service.  They were not friendly and not sociable.  We brought our two kids and our waitress was a robot who made no connection.  She dropped the food off in front of us as she was serving someone that pissed her off. The food was around the mill nothing special and nothing terrible.  So with that being said Picked up pies for thanks giving.  They were moist . Quick service . Staff was friendly.  Place needs to be remodeled Glad to see the Gluten Free menu and all the choices.   I had the GF banana walnut caramel pancakes and they were delicious. The staff is very friendly and Jarrod made sure I always had a full cup of coffee. I really  this Coco's! A group of us meet every Friday night here. We can be anywhere from 10 to 20 of us. Robert the manager and the crew in the evening make our experience perfect. The service is always great and we have never had a dinner that has been sent back. Our group has been meeting together for over 20 years around the valley. For the past 6 months we are very pleased to have our dinner at this Coco's. Good pies and simple but good food. While I rarely go to chain places this is where we came to get classic pie that is not on a diet.  but if i'm ever meandering down the streets of downtown Phoenix again and find myself looking for sustenance Food was awful looks and tasted like a TV dinner eggs looked like they were dipped in grease not impressed won't return  and Diego for setting us up with a nice quiet place to have a meeting. Very attentive and nice to be able to get breakfast or lunch."  you can order them online. The cheese pies are the best!"  my kids hot cocos didn't even come with whip cream even after the kids asked for some.  Wasn't even busy today!"  Santa Fe Quiche w/ an argula salad and cream of broccoli soup...Best part  remember what is in photo is not what you will get  living side by side in harmony. Maybe if we look to the cookie The best thing about Karsh's though is their chocolate seven-layer cake.  It is the cake of choice for almost every family gathering we have.  Not only is the yellow cake just the right amount of sponginess  the bagels were terrific.  Enough to give you a second thought on your Einstein or Brueggers chain bagels you're feeding to others."  but since we moved to the other side of the world it has become a special occasion place. so please open one near us too."  ventured into Karsh's on a Sunday after a hard night of drinking.  I was greeted by such a friendly guy.  He gave me all kinds of samples.  I can't really give a fair review of the pastries because apparently I was there on the wrong day.  However  no one's bread matches MJ's and no one's baked goods match Tammie Coe's."  i would STAY AWAY and find a place that is resepctful to a customers first visit or 10k visit." My great experience with Karsh's was complete when I went to pick up the cake and had the woman on duty ask me what ""Welcome to My Face"" meant. I told her exactly what I told you I think I have found my ""go to"" bakery!" It's rather sad to have to write a review like this."  the surly girl behind the counter took her time asking if she could help me. Our exchange proved that it was no joke. They could not help me. No yummy kosher flourless chocolate cake would be in my immediate future. They were kosher - just not for Passover. Lovely. I should've Googled ""kosher bakery Scottsdale.""" There is one exception at Karsh's. They make a wicked fine Challah. Everything else leaves me flat."  I loved those bagels." vaqmESluryt5i4Wbkb6KRA Go for the chocolate chip coffee ring; but don't take the last one vaqmESluryt5i4Wbkb6KRA Well...all are safely home except the Black and White Cookie...he didn't even make it all the way to Scottsdale...but he went down happy:)"  I thought.  It occurred to me to bring up my complaint about them because I so rarely enter their doors that what ever they thought didn't matter anyway.  It surprised me to learn that the management has brought in almost a whole new staff to replace the nasty ones. (I have to admit I looked and didn't see people I recognized from before. They were responding to continuing complaints.  I'll be going in again soon to get bread.  We'll see." A week later I went to buy some marbled rye bread there because didn't have the time to go to LaGrande Orange. Two people immediately asked to help me.  This place does something to my head.  I wish I could like the idea of going there.  I DON'T but do so for my friend only now." vaqmESluryt5i4Wbkb6KRA Now to go work it off.........."  I did like the service! The girl working there was friendly Only bad thing is that it's close enough that I can walk there."  it appears that my love and bewilderment towards Karsh's changes with the wind.  So ask me each time and we'll see what the review says this week?!"  and blueberry danishes. I'm still trying to finish the strawberry one. All 3 cost 5.30 which I don't think is too bad. It's a good size portion and just enough balance to be sweet I've gone here a few times since moving to AZ and will definitely be back.  Go for the rugelach or the onion rolls!" This is definitely a place to keep in mind "Great local bakery.  Has been a part of the valley for decades...have very fond childhood memories tied to this place and the wonderful pastries "I loved baked goods! Let's just start with that. This place satifys the craving every time. The basic white cupcake with white buttercream frosting is my favorite. Actually all of the cupcakes are delish. The brownies are great I think when my Mom comes to visit next month I will ask her to bring a couple of loaves of zebra bread. I may actually break my vow to never ever freeze bread (those of you with a Jewish Grandma might know why)..." "I popped in at 9:30am on a Sunday morning expecting a bustling bakery with fresh-baked everything. I brought 13 bagels to my students and we found them to be stale.  These bagels were in baskets behind the counter  but Karsh's made the BEST cakes.....I got one for my daughter's Bat Mitzvah.....and smaller cakes for birthdays and such.  Absolutely YUMMMMMMMMY.  Perfect cake  and a 3D Winnie the Pooh (complete with bees flying over the honey pot). I would much rather spend the little extra on Karsh's."  complete with chocolate pebbles that made up the bottom of the ocean. With an assortment of fillings to choose from (my favorite is the raspberry) Bummed they don't do any gluten free.  Got a couple cookies for my girls.  They thought they were just okay... and didn't finish them."  as long as you don't mind your 'adorable' baby shower cake looking like some Jacques Cousteau nature photograph out of a dusty old circa. 1960's textbook with some tiny Their butter cookies are melt in your mouth delicious and the rugelach and decos were delicious.  I was so happy to find an apple strudel like my great grandmother used to make So nice to have a real old school kosher bakery in the hood!" We did purchase an 2 eclairs - since that was the most exciting option - and can't say that it was a memorable birthday dessert that night." The cupcakes are always good." Today was the last straw. The rather rude employees actually made comments to each other about another customer as soon as that person left the store. I couldn't even FINISH some of what we bought today which really says something. Never in my life have I ever left a sweet treat unfinished! And my loaf of ""fresh sourdough"" was stale and completely tasteless. I have no clue how they've been in business so long  fresh and amazing selection. I always leave with 10 dessert items. Love this place!" "One of the last great bakeries in Phoenix....in Arizona for that matter.  No one compares to the Jewish bakery that has been operating in the valley for over 30 years.  Although the original owners are no longer running the operation  a staple in the Phoenix area for almost 50 years is closing it's doors tomorrow. There is no other bakery that even comes close to the quality and flavor that came from their shop. Karsh's will be missed."  the bread was always great. There is a bakery ran by a jewish family (galileo Bakery) in Scottsdale----great bread and pastries---but not KOSHER like Karsh was. The girl there said they would look into kosher if they get lots of requests. Go in and try them and PLEASE ask for Kosher."  in t-minus 5 minutes. Wish I could have visited them in their heyday." Credit/Debit card purchases must be over $5 or else bring cash." They also sell pastries like napoleons and steamed buns with savory and sweet fillings.  We had the cake later that night at Yasu - the chiffon cake was soft and moist complimented nicely by the layers of buttercream."  we had to through it away...if you like custard cream bread The cookies and pastries in the self service cases are great too!!!"  I mainly go there for their rolled cakes [Swiss rolls?].  The coffee roll is amazing!  And with such a low price  and will offer some candles to you too. I have no idea how many calories I'm consuming when I eat the cake from here  oddly chewy puffs) and enjoy their different steamed white buns in the bottom case.  But I've certainly consumed several of their cakes over the years in the Valley..."  my fam and I head to Asahi Bakery for traditional Asian cakes.  It's basically an airy angel food cake with light whipped cream and fruit in between the layers and on top.  It's so good!  They also have yummy pastries and cookies.   It's pretty inexpensive and def. worth a visit."  filled with different fruits or fillings with a whipped cream topping.  The cake is fresh and ready to pick up in their refrigerated section.  For the best selection you are always better off just calling and ordering or stopping in.  They also have a selection of Asian style desserts and meat buns.  They run a special on baked goods late in the evening that haven't sold so that they maintain a fresh inventory.  They close at six generally and is almost always open.  I cannot sing its praises enough Asahi Bakery baked the deserts for a party I attended not long ago.  Everything was perfect.  The best cakes I have every tasted!! Delish!!! Their sticky buns are really good and they have a yummy assortment of baked goods.  at least you feel like its healthy since it has fruit and light airy cake.  Plus the owners are very sweet and believe in customer service!  I called yesterday to order a cake for today (a half sheet fresh mango cake)  I need to go to Arai Pastry or bake at home for the ones Arai Pastry does not have. And for Chinese bread I prefer COFCO. They have really fresh and tasty bread."  I like Donna's Bakery's fruit cake more but that won't stop me from eating this one Best bakery in Phoenix! Definitely try the coffee jello!!! My family  has been getting cakes from Asahi for years now. They are always delicious and very nicely made. I like the one made with fresh fruits. It's very flavorful. The customer service is always friendly and cakes we order are always on time. They also offer different Asian pastries as well.  love it!!! Will definitely get some whenever I am in the area" This place smells so delicious the moment u walk in. The owners are very sweet and helpful amazing customer service and the bakery is amazing.  You can never go wrong buying anything from here. Great prices too "I ordered two large sheet cakes for a church fundraiser (for 200 people).  The lady I spoke to on the phone was very helpful throughout the entire ordering process.  We ordered one coconut and one mango cake  and had an overall good flavor. Also the person who rang us up was very kind  will definitely be back for bao urges and to try their other treats." "I placed a phone order for next day pickup.  The lady who took my order was very pleasant and provided recommendations. I got the fruit cake for a small party.and everyone loved it. Not too sweet They have the best fresh fruit cake in az. The cake is light and fluffy. The frosting is whip cream . They are a little pricey  and the owners not always friendly but it is worth the money. Call a day ahead. Try their stuffed bins or their cream puffs Their fresh fruit cakes are a must for special occasions or a unique treat for dinner party guests. Great local business with excellent customer service! Highly recommend! Really awesome Japanese Bakery. Closed on Mondays. I always get the fruit cake which is basically fruit embedded sponge cake. It is so good! I love it! One of the best. Cake I have ever had. The people there are very nice and friendly. Feel free to ask them any questions you may have. Their cakes are awesome and their prices are even better! Check out the pics of the cake I brought. The interior was clean (though cluttered) but looked very tired.  Parking was a breeze though!  I'll be back."  and I understand that they are very good per other reviewers. Would strongly consider them next time I need a cake  delicious cake that will be custom made for you on little short notice for a super low price? Asahi rocks!" They also have many other pastry offerings." My favorite cake on the planet is made at this bakery along with many other yummy treats.  Lite and fluffy white almost pound like cake with whip cream and fresh fruit!  Xoxoxo  but their baked version has a great crust on the outside. Delicious! You may need to special order these Tr3EsurgHqGPTXwAfjZ04Q They has delicious asian fruit cakes! The frosting is whipped cream so it's not too sweet either. Make sure to call at least a day ahead to reserve a cake because they sell out fast. Delicious fruit cake we get it every year for all of my family's birthdays so that's about 7 cakes. We've been going here since my mother came to America. Love everything there! -Store needs a serious upgrade..." "I am almost scared to write this for fear this place may gain too much popularity! We dropped in here today and scored a taro cake! Oh my gosh! This thing is so moist  light and so delicious. I was surprised by the amount of fruit. They really do use good fruit.  I will be going back this June for my Husbands cake. This will be our treat stop after work on Friday's. Thank you for being  accommodating and friendly. Great job! Keep up the great work. If anyone wants a great cake  not too sweet but just right. The icing is not too sweet either but just right. There are fresh fruits in the middle layer of the fruit cake as well as fresh fruit surrounding the cake. I have ordered their tiramitsu cake before for my husband and it was really good too. The price is reasonable and totally worth trying. My family loves it."  explaining the pastries to the kids & I. THis became the highlight of our sunday funday out. The pastries were fresh and flavorful  every year I purchase my son's Birthday cakes here. Cakes is always soft and not too sweet." Love the coconut cake from here. To me this is the best cake bakery in the valley. I tried other bakery and my families and friends always go back to this bakeries. Just wish that they have a more modern design for kids birthday cake. This osmium go to bakery for any and every occasion." This place has really good cakes! There cakes are moist and the icing is not too sweet and always consistent.  it's a little piece of heaven.  Having a party? Perfect dessert bite your guests will adore!" Stopped in for my daughter's birthday cake today. Owner is so nice and informative. Got a beautiful cappuccino cake and coconut macaroons. I'll be going back! DELISH! Go forth and enjoy the fatty deliciousness that is the Paczki before you have to do the whole ""Lent"" thing I feel so good and bad all at the same time." Came shopping here for pastries and discovered they have a whole lot more.  Not only do they have freshly baked cookies The service is what you would expect from a family fun place .... Perfect and helpful."  enough for two meals although the taste alone makes me want to eat it all now.  My waistline won out this time and the other half is safely tucked away in my fridge awaiting breakfast tomorrow morning.  Reminiscent of my youth growing up in PA I remember EPC when it was still on Indian School." "I had to stop by during lunch to see what this place was about. They had 4 or 5 tables inside and 2 tables outside.  A large counter filled with different pastries/danishes/muffins/cookies/cakes/pies.  Another counter filled with different sandwich meats. I didn't order any sandwiches since I had ate "Went with my boyfriend for an adventure day breakfast. I got a cheese danish & he got an (apple) pillow. AMAZING!!! The cheese danish was the size of my face and very tasty (as was his apple pillow that I got to try a bite of). DEFINITELY going back to try lunch sometime! And we only paid $7 for our pastries jSEcE8AY-mzGq9EOiyrtng awesome patries - sooooooo good - the cheese danish were the best ever - warm - right out of the oven - we'll go every weekend - and you should too!!! I felt like I was back in Polish town in Hamtramck. Very authentic feeling Polish cafe which I believe is run by a Polish family. Sausage I will never go back. Knowing first hand how Polish pastries and food is supposed to taste I can say this place rates at the bottom. Polish food is VERY GOOD and very favorable and this place does not add up." It's really great to find these foods in Phoenix." Great for breakfast or lunch." Awesome Polish Pastries pxSJnxAYE6PwUiyvMIWSjg "Picked up some raspberry Paczki for Sunday morning coffee.  Would have liked some bread as well but we were too late in the day Paczki w Cafe Europa w Poland jest lepiej niz cokolwiek skosztowal w Chicago i moga byc rownie dobre jak te w Polsce.  Best pazcki outside of Poland!  it's like finding a hidden piece of heaven. The family at Europa is super friendly and seem very pleased to see anyone come into their shop. I will most definitely be going back to try more of their wonderful food in the near future." Bottom line: stop by for some delicious baked goods and get here early for hot fresh out of the oven yumminess!" Delicious pastries and Polish dishes.  They always have speciality seasonal baked goods.  This small family owned bakery/store is consistently great. I love this place. All of the pastries I've tried were excellent. I was thrilled to find that they also sell Kinder chocolate! I really recommend this place.  cheeses and some canned goods. The most tempting items I purchased was a Huge Apple Strudel (10 inches long) for a little over $6. It was amazing! Some Polish sausage with a wonder smokey flavor that makes an amazing sandwich when paired with Sweet Hot pickles and a huge jar of Polish Plum Butter which I have a hard time finding even in a small jar. My grand kids love it almost as much as my wife and I do. I'll be going back this Saturday for some more Strudel and Sausage even if it's 25 miles away! Don't miss the opportunity for a special European treat that is just as good if not better than all the bakeries I've been to in Europe.!" This would be the perfect place for someone from/a fan of east-central Europe food and goods but for someone who just wanted a super tasty cake  so if you're looking for a specific ingredient to make a fun European dish they may have it here!"  apple strudels and donuts are the best.  I couldn't decide which to buy so we bought several things to take back with us.  The strudel was my favorite!  Light and flaky pastry with a delicious apple filling.  Yumm-fest 2012!" There were a LOT of pastries to choose from as well as a few aisles of Polish grocery items. I purchased a few kolaczkis and a few mini strudels. I'll be back to try more. It's a good thing they are not close or I'd try something new every day!"  but this place is a dam good find.  I just wish they'd make cheesecake more often.  And it's nothing like New York Cheesecake.  It's lighter  this year to make sure my parents had some we tried to come in the day before. Unfortunately they were closed I love this place!! Being too polish to function in Phoenix sometimes is hard but this place has all the classics! Everything is made fresh in the morning.  but I might have to make an exception and come back to try some more of their treats!" "I wasn't impressed with this place. I'm a Romanian girl who's fairly new to Arizona and when I heard about Europa Pastry Cafe I was totally excited to stop by and purchase cooking ingredients that I wasn't able to find the the local grocery store. The workers seemed very rude and the store was kind of dirty. Also jSEcE8AY-mzGq9EOiyrtng  mais certains des autres articles ne sont pas aussi bons que vous voudriez qu'ils soient. Je devine des thats pourquoi celui dans la place de mode s'est ferm."  but if you just think ""theme restaurant"" you might actually enjoy it." This place is not there anymore. My mom drove me all the way over there yesterday and it wasn't there.  We should have checked Yelp first.  I looked on their website and it looks like there aren't any in Arizona anymore. My mom was very disappointed.  to bad they left town. I love the cafeteria style that almost non existent now a days." "A true French cafe serving authentic French fare hidden in a cluster of tall office buildings.  Look no farther for pastries  the after dinner or before movie treats here are very good." Minus one star for the Malthusian disaster that is the Esplanade parking garage."  I entertained myself during my meal by reading through a french recipe magazine.  Marveilleux!" I really must return soon to sample more of the lunch fare."  there are some drawbacks. My frequent dining companion usually gets a sandwich Yet I keep coming back like a battered wife. Maybe it's the way the owner exclaims ""Bon Appetit!"" as he's serving your meal. And he means it. It's adorable." Highlight: Don't know what to get? Ask for a recommendation. You won't be sorry." "Not the best croissant I've had and the almondine was a bit tough.  The owners are very pleasant in that European way and make you feel welcome.  I'll have to try them for a Euro sandwich sometime since I seem to like them better than I liked their pastry.  Sometimes its not just about the food  sent me a very sweet message thanking me for the business and wishing me a happy holiday. You can't put a price on such good nature!" My mom loved her danish thing that she ate the next morning I want to go back and try an actual meal. But with certainty - it will always be a favorite spot for desert." UPDATE:  Catherine emailed to inform me that they fill their turnovers with ""superpomme  trekking around for lunch near my hotel. I went down a narrow unmarked alley that happened to have a string of shops wedged in between two soul-less office buildings. And there is this authentic french bistro Be sure to check out the quiche lorraine and to try one of the eclairs. The only thing that is painfully missing from this place is having a stock of Orangina in the fridge I left very disappointed with my dinner selection that day Au Petit Four makes me proud to be 1/4th french. Au revoir  so no surprise. I'm very impressed and can't wait to go back." Maybe I came on an off day because it looks like several other reviewers didn't have the freshness problem I did." "Au Petit Four makes amazing French pastries!  I used them for an office catering event Still on a quest for the proper French baguette." I have visited Au Petit Four twice and I love it!  It's very small and has wonderful service.  My favorite reason to visit is dessert!  They have marvelous french pastries!  Breakfast is delicious too!  1/2 a cold sandwich and soup. The soup was a minestrone and it was so fresh! The noodles were nice and firm and there were tons of vegetables and beans. For the sandwich I ordered the Prosciutto & Brie and it was awesome! For 2 lunch combos Their iced coffee is spectacular. The sugar free vanilla and Carmel is straight from France and it makes the perfect blend of refreshing coffee with a huge caffeinated kick. The staff is friendly and they have great seating to stay for awhile and do work. So in summary  warm and inviting with French artwork while music played in the background.  The owner and his wife basically run the show.  They were very friendly and attentive.  I will strive to come here as often as I can so I can fine tune my French.  I have a feeling I will make it through most of their menu! The smoked breast of duck sounded intriguing! j'adore duck!" A great French bakery without having to deal with the French pretension.  The sandwiches are good but the true joy comes from biting into one of their fresh pastries.  Well done Mr. Pierre Dufour.  and chocolate mousse and they are all very smooth and creamy. This place also serve breakfast and lunch menu  but they were out. The waiter suggested the Panini over the Parisian and a salad. The wife ordered the Weekend special only to find they were out of that too? It's the Weekend special on Friday! She settled on salad and Beef Borguignon. The salad was wilted and the dressing was so mild it was hard to tell what it was. My best guess was a quarter-teaspoon of Grey Poupon and 2 oz. of olive oil. Soon my sandwich arrived and it was a slice of lunch-meat and a half slice of Swiss on a grocery store sesame-seed hamburger bun. At that point I was done  stop by and pick up  a sinful treat and head to your movie..definitely worth the money..more than the popcorn!" "The scrambled eggs with croissant were good. Ambiance is non-existent. No french bakery feel at all. The products looked semi-appealing. Had a really hard time trying to find the damn place as it is hidden under a gargantuan office building. I would not by any means call this a ""great"" french bakery." "Pierre and his lovely wife are the very best! True french bakers! Their pastries and sandwiches are delicate and so beautifully made!  True works of art and one can tell they care! Such personable people! If you love true french cakes I really enjoyed this place!!" "they post daily lunch specials in the window...yesterday I had a ham croissant for $5 and it was fantastic! just the right amount of meat The dining experience was elevated by the attentiveness of the owners.  They were extremely friendly and genuinely concerned about my enjoyment of the meal. Oh  be sure to call because they have had to decrease their hours of operation. Also I would not recommend this place and certainly will not go back."  but we drove from Ahwatukee.  So not worth it.  Do not drive to this place.  Do not go out of your way for this place."  this is 2011 and either update your website or inform people if you close early because it is slow. We drove from Southern Scottsdale to Arcadia and it was a waste of time. Also  I could have eaten better at a cafeteria. The price is OUTRAGEOUS! Dinner came to $56 for a cafe?! Ridiculous. It's just not worth it  about three weeks after my initial visit I walked in and went straight to the pastry display. I purchased a couple of croissants and two of what the owner described as King's Torte (an Epiphany staple). Although it set me back almost $20.00  but just came by to tell us the total.  We were all pretty tired and didn't give too much thought of the amounts. I am extremely disappointed 10 items for $48.50 = Average $4.85 per item since we don't know the prices (non alcohol drinks and dessert)!  REALLY?????  I feel a little ripped off." I'm going to try something for breakfast tomorrow and will definitely try it again!" I really love this new location. It look cute and feel like I got lose into France. My favorite are chocolate croissant and black forest cake. To read the rest of Frenchie B.'s review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/au-petit-four-scottsdale#hrid:b6f4KzsK5ApkWZxLumt-SA"  that type of attitude is not needed from those who are related to the owners or who are the owners.   Very disappointing.  Desserts are worth more than Mc D's yes however the attitude is not worth my time  but seemed to be the only one to take care of just about everything except the actual cooking." I think this is a cute little French cafe to stop by for a quick lunch if you are in the area but I would definitely agree with Suzanne S. that it is not a destination restaurant at all.  There are a lot better options nearby." Bottom line: GREAT food  The service was friendly and attentive the lunch specials were good too ! The only disapointing thing is there is no soda fountain but other than that it's all good the pasties were very tasty and I look forward to going back soon."  so here's to the young woman who kills it in the service department! and to all the fresh delicious food!" "Au Petit Four a disappointment to say the least. We ordered Napolean pastry from them to serve at a party. When they were served we found the pastry had been burned. I took them back and indicated that that I was disappointed and that the pastry was not only burned but tasted that way. Rather than apologise we were given the excuse that the pastry wasn't burned they make it that way so the filling doesn't cause the pastry to get soggy. I have had numerous Napoleans and never one that had pastry dough that dark and tasted burned. They also indicated that they sold fifty that day in the cafe and no one complained. I saw the pasty case and there were not fifty left maybe six. I doubt very much if they even sold those. I guess they think that people in Arizona don't have sophisticated taste and they are the only ones that know anything. I have more faith in the people of Arizona and I think they would know the difference between something burned and not  true Frenchman. A very proud owner. Curbside appeal is non existent. The interior is inviting & charming. The pastry display is disappointing & a bit unkept The pastries here are awesome. They are the best in the valley. The owner is really friendly. I love the chocolate ganache and black forest . It is a little expensive but it is well worth the money !! Love this quaint little place. The owner is the sweetest Frenchmen I've met. I stopped in on a rainy morning and had a spinach quiche. Great little place. He told me on Saturday they have special dinners and a Dj. Will be back!! Owners are very nice and friendly. I didn't try much more but it is worth a stop just for that !" "Decided to try something new for our date night and OMG! What a wonderful surprise. Do not be discouraged by the way it looks. The food is amazing and cannot be more authentic. Both  which is sad to see considering the 3 breakfast places adjacent to it had a 30-40min waiting line. I really want Au Petit Four to succeed but they need to overhaul the quality of their food and the attentiveness of their staff. With no customers to make them busy Downside: not a great variety of options for vegetarians like me... but enough that you can repeatedly go back for those few dishes you specifically crave."  lunch and dinner. I thought the prices were pretty steep. The owners were very friendly." Will not go there ever again!"  This place is different-in a good way. If you want a place to enjoy food with your mates this is it. Enjoy food  looked and tasted like it was about 4 days old which surprised us they would serve and charge for that.  Probably won't go back since there are better options in the area  and got rock star parking. Only two of the dozen or so tables were occupied. Although I am not a big fan of the over-enthusiastic greeting Recently went into the ""new"" location and the food is still the same fantastic quality." Had lunch here today with group of 8 people from out of town.  The food was great and the atmosphere was fun and interesting.  Next time will HAVE to try the sweets! If you are in hurry please do not go here and then complain online. This place is so good and one of my favs in Scottsdale." Pierre and daughter were wonderful. The patisserie was superb. Best Pastry in Greater Phoenix As of this review I have not been in for food of a non sugar primary ingredient variety  and very accommodating. Was even offering us to call him for advice if we ever decided to go to France to help us and let us know where to go as it would be easier. The pesto chicken sandwich was good as well. My boyfriend had a sandwich in crepes - which also was shockingly good. They have a multitude of variety for their sandwiches but still light feeling. They give you a good deal of a portion size. They are quick as well. They have a bakery for some pastries - which I want to go back to and take a look at. All their water is bottled too Perhaps their desserts are amazing?" Go to Essence Bakery instead."  thankful and kind.  The food was amazing...ham and cheese crepe and my friends and I shared a napoleon for dessert - just like I remember them in France.  This place is the real deal...check it out!" The atmosphere is simple and ""family owned"". (The croissant  really should get 10 stars)"  then proceeded to handle my food without gloves.  The problem here is that he actually touched my food with his hands as he steadied the food on the spatula.  He then placed my food on the counter This place is nothing wonderful. The croissants are nothing out of the world. They are half the size of what you would get else where and double the price. They are the most expensive I have had in all of US at $4.80 a piece!! They were stale and nothing great and this was in the morning at 8am. Go else where nothing was fresh and safway quality pastry..really!" "This place was great. We enjoyed how small and authentic it was. Low pretense I loved this place.  The food was good. The surroundings were peaceful. The servers were friendly.   Tired of corporate restaurants and was so happy to find a local breakfast place that takes their time to make good food. "I am a BIG fan of french food and found this hidden french family owned restaurant while walking back to my car one afternoon. After looking at the menu outside of the restaurant I added it to one of my ""must try"" restaurants where it sat for a couple months. Finally I made it to breakfast and was pleasantly surprised! There wasn't much going on with the exterior decor of this place and unless you were looking for this place you would easily walk right by and not even notice it. The interior was decorated with pictures and paintings of Paris and France. There are two tables only on the entrance patio and about 20 tables total on the inside. Out of all of the times I have been here there has never been more than 3 other tables filled at a time. Its very quiet with mellow French music playing in the background. The owner has a very sharp french accent which I really enjoy and it always brings back a lot of great memories of my past trips to France. There were a lot of great options to choose from on the menu. I myself am a HUGE fan of the crepes and swear by them and they are cooked to perfection and there are a ton of great choices to choose from. The eggs benedict is also amazing! I have only had the breakfast here and its as good as the phenomenal and authentic food I have experienced throughout France. The service here has always been great. The pastries are wonderful if you like sweets and croissants also are a great choice and literally melt in your mouth. Overall Word of advice: get rid of all the gimicky advertisements including the sign for the casino. Make it into a french cafe NOT a billboard in Times Square."  they smelled like the fridge they were kept in. The macaroon was so old and crunchy that I spit it out. One bite of the tiramisu and I threw it out. Don't waste your money at this place. $12 for two very gross pastries."  cafe and patisserie. Eat the quiche. Skip the coffee." Quiet little place. We stopped buy and got some croissants and tiramisu OMG very light and delish!! Would take some pics but we ate them all. Love this place!  Just found out they are closed!  Looking for a new location to reopen.... I'm so heart broken that this place closed down. My husband and I stopped here everytime we came to Scottsdale for desert and coffee. And above all for Macaroons to go. I loved the ambiance just such a cute place with character. I'm going to miss taking to the owner with his French accent about different pastries. I have yet to find Macaroons that have been so delicious! vv1uvJRBUqi707TA5GuhCg So I thought I was getting a chocolate cake with Kahlua cream frosting.  Sounded good since we were having a luau.  Cut into the cake later that night to find that it was four layers of white cake with coffee/esspresso brushed on each layer then filled and covered with the awesome Kahlua cream frosting! Yum.  but these are experienced bakers who care about your satisfaction and who seem to enjoy a good challenge. They'll consult with you Let me start by saying yummy! Barb's did a fantastic job on my birthday cake! My sister ordered me a 4 layer magical marble cake with Grand Marnier filling and Butter cream frosting! It was sooooo moist and flavorful! In my opinion and several of my guests it was a much better tasting cake then Tammy Coe. It is less expensive as well. I also received a Red Velvet cupcake. It was the best red velvet cupcake ever!  and cookies should be!!  I give out their seasonal decorated cookies to friends and I always get props for being the the ""best friend ever""!"  so I'll be brief.  Barb's is such a great bakery.  Their cupcakes are eye candy and taste even better than they look.  If you're a fan of red velvet I would definitely come here again to get my dessert fix." Reason for 4 stars is I feel it's time to remodel or  spruce it up. Your interior doesn't need to look 38 years old." So I would definitely custom-order a fresh cake and not pick a cupcake out of the case. :-) The people there were all VERY helpful and friendly - the guy even carried the cake out to my car." I tried their chocolate cupcake with buttercream frosting and loved the cake but not the topping. I will certainly return though to try their other goodies! "Barb's takes me back to childhood memories of my father taking me to a couple of his favorite sweet spots which were great then but can't compare to the goodies that come from here. My favorite is the bear claw filled with sweet cinnimon and topped with a drizzle of white icing and almonds. My girlfriend's favorite is the rasberry and cheese danish. The pastry is a light buttery flavorful compliment to the fresh rasberry flavor. My mouth is waterying just describing it! Be sure to stop by on Saturday's before 9 a.m. at the latest to be able to choose from a wide selction of pastries  and I'll gladly return next time I'm Phoenix.  Maybe I'll try that tiramisu I was eyeing..." Ok so now Barb has 10 stars from me. We ordered a barbie cake with cookies and cupcakes. Everything was delicious. You cannot go wrong with Barbs. They are friendly and helpful. Reasonably priced and DELICIOUS! "Ive only been here for their donuts after a fellow employee brought some in.  If you want the freshest Ok cupcake.  Velvet topping is not soft We will definitely come here again!" Worth the drive from anywhere!!!"  and they nailed it. The cookies looked and tasted amazing! They wrapped them in individual bags and tied with a ribbon so it was easy for us to distribute them at the product launch. They even made us a few extras since the shape made them break fairly easily. They were such a hit They also took the extra time to write a message on the cake for me before I left."  no votes for the cheesecake. The mouse and tiramisu were phenomenal. My vote was for the tiramisu. Seriously. I could've used some alone time with it." I will definitely go back to Barb's. Great service The employees are so nice and helpful too!"  I'm officially adding Barb's Bakery to my list of sweet spots." vv1uvJRBUqi707TA5GuhCg But for the cake itself?.... SOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOD!" "Barb's Bakery...they epitomize what the local community feel is all about. It's like stopping by an old friend's house or having your childhood best friend's parents make you breakfast. They are extremely friendly i have ordered from Barb's for a few occasions and have always had good/fair results. My most recent order was for 2 dozen plain sugar cookies for a birthday party. We were having a cookie decorating table. They are quite pricey at Barb's and because they are closed on Sunday (the day of our party) we had to pick them up on Saturday. While they looked yummy and simple come saturday they were hard as rocks...blah..I dont know when they baked these but it couldnt have been on Saturday they wouldn't have been hard already...reallly?  YUMMY.....Awesome cupcakes.    Randy did a great job assisting us for our friends birthday treat.    Thanks for the recommendations on flavors.    Everyone enjoyed and our server at lunch was pleased to have such a great treat with the few that were left."  I would encourage all my sweet toothed brethren out there to not go Mon If you want happy cakes go here :)" "I hadn't been to Barb's in probably 10 years and decided to stop in on my way home from a morning outing--I am so glad I did; but I went a little crazy (thank goodness everything freezes well).  I am so impressed with the gourmet cupcakes and the muffins.  I have never tasted muffins as good as Barb's--especially the Morning Glory (carrot) and Bran.  The bran muffin is the best ever--most taste like cardboard; but not this one--it was delicious.  Everyone in the shop is friendly and so helpful--you can tell they care about their customers and appreciate your business.  Do stop in sometime "Barb's Bakery did a wonderful job on our wedding cakes. We ordered 6 traditional style cakes. Each was beautiful. I was a little disappointed that I was told that the cakes would easily fit on any normal sized cake plate with a dome. This was not the case and therefore the cakes did get mushed eventually. Also If you are looking for terrific customer service and good prices to go along with your cake "LOVE their decorated sugar cookies.  They are always colorful and festive for the appropriate season or holiday.  Most importantly I was so impressed with the cake we ordered for my mother's birthday. It was not only beautiful but absolutely delicious. We will definitely be ordering from them again. Only fools would go to a big chain supermarket for a cake with a place like Barbs in the area. Had a carrot cake and it was second to none the cake was moist filled with carrot and walnuts and iced with an o so delicious cream cheese frosting. That is all.  Carry on."  moist and kept everyone going for seconds. I also had a few of their cupcakes. Carrot cake cupcake is my favorite! Red Velvet and Pink Champagne are also delicious. I am now planning to be a regular customer at Barb's Bakery for all our events. I'll just have to be sure to call the day before to confirm my order." great bakery. always the highest quality.  the service has not been great and my pastries are usually dry and not that tasty." "One of my vendors uses this bakery a lot for gifts. I have had several of their sugar cookies and let me say First of all....many thanks to Angela for helping me through this process!  I have been planning my Grandma's birthday party in Phoenix although I live in San Diego. Angela has been so helpful and patient with me as I made changes and additions to the order up to a week ago. Today I picked up the order and while at the bakery decided to pick up a few cupcakes as an afternoon sweet treat for some visitors.  OMG!!!!!  So wonderful!!  We got a mix of cupcakes but the pink champagne takes the cake for me - pun intended.  I can't wait until tomorrow when we bring out the cakes and cupcakes for the party.  I will definitely come back here to cure my sweet tooth and recommend it to everyone I know in the area.  very cute!  This is MY all time favorite cupcake place in all of the metro Phoenix area  and left feeling comfortable that our cake would be exactly what we wanted. Their pricing is exceptionally reasonable - for $3.50/slice you have so many amazing options to choose from. Our cake was chocolate with a raspberry butter cream filling Barb's keep up the GREAT service and wonderful goods." Must try - Pink Champagne Cupcake I asked a few friends where I could get a cake for our daughters first birthday and almost everyone I spoke to recommended Barbs.  Now I know why!  The cake was delicious marble with a cream filling.  It was decorated just as we wanted it to be!  I only gave them a few days notice and they were able to take care of me.  We will use them for all our fancy cakes in the future! Simply the best in Phoenix.  Bought a German Chocolate Cake w/ Mocha filling for my Wife surprise Birthday Party and it was hit with everyone!  The female clerk also recommended I buy Red Roses for my Wife and White Roses for all the Ladies attending!  Score!!  can you give me a card with the address on it?"" He totally ignored me and started helping another customer. I got his attention and said I would like to try a cupcake to help choose a flavor and what would he recommend. He said the red velvet was popular The lady helping me was so nice and friendly and make some great suggestions. I even bought a sugar cookie (what they are super known for) ""for the road"" and it was de-lish. I definitely have a go-to place now for baked goods!" THANKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  and sometimes they run out of the stuff I like before I can get there." Thank you for making my boyfriends cake so perfect for his special day!" "I've been in love with Barb's since I had them create an amazing cake creation for Make-A-Wish Foundation's 20th birthday 13 years ago. Consistently over the years they have never failed to disappoint. The best cupcakes around... adorable and delicious sugar cookies and the pastries... to die for!  I was just there yesterday and bought some petit-fours... for me! And no "By far the best bakery I've been to!! I took some cupcakes and a couple of their cheesecakes to the office  it would be Barb's Bakery. The cupcakes are adorable and delicious! Everyone at work demands Barb's for meetings I've tried a few pastries and found them to be absolutely divine.  Can't go wrong with Barbs!"  best red velvet ever!! Just had two cupcakes. Cosmopolitan blew my mind and the raspberry one with white  choc DELISH!!!"  we were assured by the staff that they could deliver what we were asking for. When we picked it up we were extremely disappointed in the finished result - I could have easily done myself what we paid $70 for. When we cut into it  the manager rolled her eyes at me.  Started slamming things around and told me sharply I would have to WAIT for the refund.   So you forget my order Just my two cents!  Otherwise my little cake was perfect and my daughter thought it was beautiful barbs used to be the best . something happened there  they are beyond rude this business should be used as a last resort  LGO and the list goes on. Barb's Bakery is nothing short of amazing in my humble opinion. This was the best carrot cake I have ever eaten. Super moist  cupcakes and cookies in town. Will use for all future events. Thank you Barbs!" We highly recommend them and will continue to use them again and again."  sue"" written on it. I had no idea that it would be so beautiful. White with very  pretty roses that had a hint of chocolate coloring on them and a band of chocolate on the bottom and chocolate writing. And it tasted delicious. Exactly what I wanted.. Moist and flavorful. I could not have been happier a"  and walnuts to make it absolute perfection! I will definitely be going to Barbs for any future cake needs in the future!"  and when i went to order they told me that orders were closed for the weekend (this was on tuesday) due to being short staffed and overbooked. i was very sad. i stopped in on saturday just to check (and get something else since it is all great) and they just so happened to have an extra pink champagne cake! i was so happy I can only imagine how the cakes  Barbs bakery is one of the first places I turn. They're donuts are not too cakey and not too soft. I always try to eat just one but find myself eating way more than I should. When ordering a cake for a special occasion I always call Barbs. I've always had great service and they're decorator is very talented. I always get tons of compliment from my guests whenever I use Barbs for special events .  They're red velvet is my favorite in the valley. I would recommend getting there early if you're looking to buy muffins These cookies are not the white sugar and flour cut out cookies you get from the bakery at the local supermarket. These sugar cookies are absolutely delicious! Colorful  you are making me fat and elevating my blood sugar. But I love you. Your pink champagne cupcakes vv1uvJRBUqi707TA5GuhCg I am so grateful for this place! It a great locally owned bakery with fresh baked goodies and they do cakes and special orders. Still one of my favorite's in the valley. They did some last minute sugar cookies for a baby shower for me. I think they turned out beautiful  tender and so much better than the mass produced cupcakes you find nowadays." vv1uvJRBUqi707TA5GuhCg I dont get how this place has so many great reviews. Customer service was terrible.  I stopped in to discuss a cake for my housewarming.  I arrived about 45 minutes before closing time but felt like i had completely inconvenienced the woman by stepping through the door.  She seemed completely uninterested in listening to my ideas.  I had the distinct feeling that she just wanted me to leave and quit bothering her.  trying to salvation an unpleasant experience i bought a couple of cupcakes to take home.  They certainly didnt make up for rest of it.  Absolutely nothing special.  price was absolutely not worth it. Would not recommend."  whatever). For cakes they have just the right amount of options for both cake flavor and icing types. You pay more The taramisu was to die for." "I used Barb's bakery to order a wedding cake and 2 dozen cupcakes 2 days before my brother's elopement style wedding & reception. The staff at Barb's were really helpful and accommodating! The cake was gorgeous and delicious. The cupcakes were delicious and were a huge hit! We had the pink champagne cupcakes and the chocolate peanut butter cupcakes & both were expertly decorated! The price was completely reasonable! Thank you We're going with the Pink Champagne cake and I will post a picture once we pick it up." Yummy! I needed a cake last minute for my mother-jn-law's birthday and stopped in to this wonderful place for the first time! I picked up a pink champagne cake and some sugar cookies!! The cake was WONDERFUL!! It was a big hit with everyone! The cookies were really good. Not typical frosted sugar cookies- SO much better!! I would highly recommend to anyone!!! If you need a cake at a reasonable price I buy them at my local AJs and we pay over 3 dollars a cookie - thats how good they are! I will have to stop into barbs and check it out(:" Barb's Bakery is a nice bakery. They have a good selection of goodies that everyone will love. I had a friend who had her wedding cake made here and it was beautiful.  which others have already talked about.  I'm assuming they own the building..."  it fed 44 people. The ""7"" was chocolate and the ""5"" was white with buttercream frosting.... Cake was moist  they only have 1/3 of it prepared.  He was told to come back in an hour for the rest.  I was curious how they would whip up 50 individual cheesecakes in 1 hour.  When we had out celebration that afternoon Only caution is to be careful with the AZ heat.  We took the cake to a park in March and it started to melt." Thank you Barb's Bakery you made our cake and Champagne reception perfect!" Do yourself a favor and have cake.......cake  was it ever OVER-THE-TOP good.  Undoubtedly the best carrot cake I have ever eaten. However My company had about 100 of her cupcakes delivered to a recent lunch. Not only were the gourmet cupcakes gorgeous and uniquely made....they were delicious. Everyone was asking where they were purchased from. I enjoyed the carrot cake one first and later a strawberry one. I will go here next time I'm in the market for cupcakes for sure. Better than trendy sprinkles hands down!!!!  ""Flanders Fields""....classiest thing I've seen in Phoenix in 5 years..." Called around looking for a pecan pie to no avail.  Called Barb's and it was no problem!  Very good pie and nothing left of the evidence!  We ate every bit of it!  Thank you Barb's Bakery!!  as Lisa was still saying some stuff to us as we left the store in front of other customers. I decided to return the cake and was treated SO rude and was yelled at by both Lisa and the owners cousin who had been left in charge while the owner was on vacation. I asked to look at the original receipt to make sure all my credit card information was removed  so for his birthday I was searching the Phoenix area for the best cakes and Barb's caught my eye. I ordered an 8"" round white cake with vanilla buttercream frosting. The cake was good! The decorating was a little off. I asked for light blue writing and they did a turquoise. Also they did a color scheme of blue and black on the side Try them out- you won't be dissapointed. Protip- AJ's sells Barb's iced sugar cookies First time I heard about this little bakery was about 10 years ago and have loved this place from the start. I've bought several birthday cakes and yummy treats over many years. I will always come back even tho it's a little bit of a drive. They have always made my cake visions come true. Absolutely beautiful every time. Delicious delicious delicious! Reasonably priced. There are plenty of bakeries to choose from in the Valley  I love the petit fours at Barb's!" I stopped in this weekend for the first time and loved the extensive selection of cupcakes that were very reasonably priced too!  I ended up with a pink champagne cupcake and loved every bite of it - moist cake and creamy icing...perfection! "We tried to place an order via email on a Monday for a cake to be ready the following Saturday. We called twice in the following days during business hours and they did not pick up. They were unresponsive and rude when they finally did respond. They wanted our credit card number before they would give us a quote. They did not respond until Thursday evening and then lied about it. Since we are working people I called a few days before my arrival into Phoenix and Barb's bakery had no hesitation in creating a last minute cake for my husbands birthday.  I highly recommend one to check them out. The cake was deliciously made! The only complaint I have is that I did not have them create an additional cake. Thumbs up!! "I ordered a cake for my sister's birthday. It was a spice cake with pumpkin mousse filling "I am so disappointed in this place. I went in to order a cake for my son's birthday and the lady who helped me was so nice! I had a difficult request but she said they could work with me to come up with something good. So I ordered the cake and sent them pictures but when I went back in I was ""helped"" by a really grumpy man who said he couldn't do anything I had asked for. He was totally uninterested in working something out so I cancelled the order  the staff there are friendly and remember who you are. I love a great family-owned business that knows what good customer services is but that also makes great products. They recognize me now "THE best place to get an almond bearclaw!!! Honey bran muffins are huge Went in to get six cupcakes. Pink champagne. Strawberry cheesecake. And carrot cake. So delicious! Was in and out quickly and the lady that helped me was very friendly. Honestly I only came to this place's page to see if anyone could possibly think of something negative to say. Because how could you?  or cupcakes....all products are great and I love their history in Phoenix.    Donuts too!" "I would barely even give this place 1 star. I came to this place because it was highly recommend. I came in early this week and placed and order for some cookies I would like to have for a graduation party. I went over with both the male and female at the front of what I wanted as well as emailed them a picture and description. Today I went in to get my cookies and they were very disorganized and needless to say they forgot a portion of my order "Great bakery. I have lived here for more than 30 years and had never heard of Barb's Bakery so when I made a wrong turn and saw the sign I just had to stop "I tasted her pink champagne and it was just okay. Not overly flavorful. But oh my... The cheesecake cupcake was tasty. The cake texture and even flavor is average for a bakery I don't know that the cake was overly moist or flavorful  because I felt the superiority vibe of the place and figured they don't need me or my dollars.  The only item they offer that is unique is the english muffins.  Sorry not enough in my book to bother with."  the fondant had several tears in it - and it didn't taste all that great either.  The buttercream was fairly flavorless and overly greasy.  This was served to a room full of pregnant or lactating women and no one finished the piece of cake on their plate."  Sprinkles is the place to go.  i have yet to have a ""bad"" cupcake there.  their ingredients seem to be of a much better quality and the cupcakes literally melt in your mouth.  won't be eating tammie coe cupcakes again!"  a glass of wine and a cigarette and looked like she had died and gone to heaven. I don't remember if this location is like a caf. I don't think so. But she has a location on Roosevelt and 7th St. in downtown Phoenix and that one I believe does. All great cities need great desert shops if you really want to impress someone special with a cake  Tammie Coe is just way to sweet for me. Their frosting is heavier and their is just something in their cupcakes that makes me wonder what is that? As much as my coworkers enjoy both Tammie Coe and Sprinkles  I have no complaints there... their breads really impressed. I can't remember which CenPho restaurant I had my first taste of MJ bread The cake really turned out perfectly (see my photos) and my son was THRILLED.  It was pretty large and we ate it for a week (and it was surprisingly still moist).  The price was reasonable  flavorful and beautiful to look at. I'm looking forward to getting more of her treats in the future." I love Tammie Coe Cakes  Tammie Coe's are great to take or have at a party....or even have LGO deliver to your car on your way home from work. :)" We order these cakes every time it's someone's birthday and we have been happy every time. They look amazing and they taste delicious. I've also had the cupcakes....yum! Be sure to try the coconut cupcakes...they are the best!  but worth every penny. I've yet to find a bakery in the valley that is as wonderful as Tammie's delicious goodies. I'm from back east and have had some of the most amazing baked goods you can buy. I would definitely rank these among the best. I almost forgot Coupled with access to MJ Breads  they are delicious.  Don't miss the coconut or the red velvet cupcakes!  The regular cakes are a little too sweet for my taste oh red velvet.... love. yum."  Tammie Coe does it right.  Simply put- right combination of cake and icing.  Love them.  Don't ask/worry about the price  you need to buy your cupcakes at La Grange Orange Grocery (or LGO as the locals call it).  The service there was wonderful.  They even let me pick whatever color ooey gooey I wanted.  That being said Their cakes are expensive but are high quality." I went online to investigate Tammie's operation and found that just one cupcake was $5. Unless you have a whole lot of of disposable income  right? Even to very high-end bakers with huge followings and even huger price tags....right? Fast forward a few years to my sister's bridal shower. Sister's having a destination wedding in Switzerland Tammie Coe did not deliver."  1 star for price...because I have to commit to a star rating  so they won.  In the end the cake looked amazing.  It was a surprise for my hubby but he went with me to pick it up.  He was surprised and loved the decor.  Tammie was there when we picked it up and she seemed genuinely happy that he liked it.  Staff helped me load it in my car.  My guests loved the decor and taste of the cake.  I got chocolate cake with chocolate fudge filling.  It was pretty good- $300 dollars good-? not so much.  I did get the chance on a separate occasion to taste the coconut cake; WOW!  Very good!"  but have only had items of hers from Whole Foods or AJs.  I saw the sign and suggested Friend no. 2 and I walk over. The minute friend #2 and I walked in Tammie Coe's we were welcomed with open arms. We enter only to see not the regular bakery atmosphere Special event?  Tammy creates amazing cakes.  I have ordered twice.  Good stuff. They also have GORGEOUS custom cakes. They really have fondant mastered"  especially the chocolate ones and the apple cinnamon cookie. The apple cookie has real apples in it! Do yourself a favor and find a way to try some of Tammy Coe's delicious treats!" I had the privilege of meeting Ms. Tammie Coe on Sunday while out with my husband just peeking in the store. She was lovely and so kind - sharing lots of little samplings of her delicious baked goods with me. While 9 months pregnant it was a true treat to enjoy a few of her tasty delights :) I've purchased her cakes and breads many times before but after meeting her I'm completely SOLD on supporting her local and passionate talent. Doesn't get much better." "Excellent breads and cookies.  Free samples tend to cause you to buy more than you planned.  The regular reason for the 20 mile trip back to this locations is the Fruit and Nut breads.  Raisin bread was the standard  fellas. Well played." "Having Tammie Coe & MJ Bread move into my neighborhood truly changed our day-to-day.  Though the cakes are pretty and I'm sure the baked goods are great too (they always have samples so you can find out) it is the MJ Bread that rocks our world.  We buy delicious whole grain bread from our local baker - have it sliced and the PB&J's are a beautiful kind of new!  We love the Ciabatta I'll try to remember to add a pic because it was truly spectacular." "I was planning a surprise birthday for my husband.  We live in California and we were coming into Phoenix for the 49er Cardinal season opener.  I contacted Fleur de Lis to help me design a birthday cake for my husband.  They talked to me over the phone and helped me design exactly what I wanted.  They worked really hard on it and it turned out amazing.  They even helped me keep it from melting in the Pheonix heat!  My husband was so excited and surprised. I'm trying to post a picture of the cake  which means lots of suckers have shopped here.  It is ""unforgettable"" for sure.  I will definitely remember not to recommend it to anyone.  Save your money and just get your wedding cake at Costco "Liana is a very passionate and honest business owner.  I have ordered/purchased two cakes within the last three months and they have been outstanding.  They taste wonderful Ok so there were 5 of us at the cake tasting.  The slivers were so thin you could see through them.  We thought we would be stuffed  when we left but it just made us hungrier and sader.  The designs were ok but I personally was not over excited and the cakes were ok.  I wish the owner would have explained somethings before we had tried the slices.  It would have helped explain the tasting maybe. PS My brother got his wedding cake from this bakery a couple years ago the cake was delicious. one of the only things that came out right at my wedding. Liana (owner) is very talented! "These people are wonderful! Not only did they repair a cake that I accidentally ruined but went out of there way to fix it. The cake was prepared for a special birthday party and they went beyond customer service to repair it! By the way  and it was absolutely delicious!  Will definitely come back here for future cakes!"  the cake was crooked... Bad. It was even mentioned to me by wedding guests. This should not have been an issue that I still cringe about 1.5 years later. It was only 4 tiers."  the lady quickly said NO without looking at me and continued with her appointment (which btw was running into our app Time). We ended up going outside right after that searching for a restaurant or something just to pee and nothing was around... Finally I went back inside and this very nice sweet lady came from the kitchen and directed me to there restroom in the back kitchen.... Thank God!!!!! ....after about 30 minutes of waiting  2013 me and my husband were married. We ordered our wedding cake here. I'm not going to lie the cake was beautiful and it tasted great. I had quite a few compliments and questions about where I ordered the cake from. The reason I am writing this today is because a month ago I had a recent charge to my checking account and it was the deposit check for $50 from Fleur de Lis. This check was a deposit for cake parts that we returned. Anyway  pay and go. I calledl and left messages for DAYS and sent email requests for a tasting and/or a quote and they never once called nor responded to my messages. I was heartbroken; absolutely crushed. I had heard incredible things and still believe that they are probably amazing but after being COMPLETELY IGNORED by this bakery I have told all of my friends to not even try. Three of my bridesmaids are also getting married and none of them will go here after I told them how I was treated. All I wanted was to spend money on a beautiful cake."  my wife and I were honored with a wedding cake like no other. It was prepared by Fleur de Lis Unforgettable Cakes (1219 East Glendale Avenue  but the photographer was able to take a picture of what it was suppose to look like before taking the top off (It didn't balance and would fall if we left it that way)... we ended up cutting into the small cake-which we wanted for our one year anniversary-because thats where our hands were lead to when the cake knife was in our hands (it was pretty hectic at that moment).The cake taste was amazing though!!" DELICIOUS!!  I had them make my cake for my wedding. all the samples that we tasted were delicious not overly sweet just perfect! I would highly recommend. It's a little expensive but it's well worth it. The other day I was lucky enough to get there while they were open.  I picked up a makoweic  cookies etc. I was a little over loaded. I bought a tiarimisu and a apple turnover."  full cakes-- I feel like those might be better?  We'll see.  I might try it out again and see if I just happend to go on a bad day?  I hope so." GO TO JANA'S!!!! Stop in and buy something homemade for your mom or take something to a BBQ with friends  at the Phoenix location. I was very disappointed when I bought a poppy seed coffecake. It did not look like real poppy seeds. The coffecake had lots of pieces of dough and dry fruit inside. There was barely any poppy seeds in this pastry. It also had a weird chocolaty taste. Maybe they put in a poppy seed substitute... Also x_9nxwoGl7NBSzpBsD4iVA The staff is always ready with a smile and helpful attitude.  This is my favorite bakery in all of Phoenix!"  yesterday decided to stop.  Walked in and felt like i was back in my favorite Chicago bakery. Picked  a coffee cake and was shocked that the price was compeble with grocers very nice European style bakery  beautiful pastries. This place is a fave among the Polish crowd in Arizona-lines out the door the day before Easter for traditional Polish baked goods.  The white bread goes very quickly I may attempt another visit but only if I'm really hungry. I think that the old world European feel could be replaced and reinvented to really make this place more popular and pop a little." I bought an apple pastry it was good. unfortunately i came in on a day the selection was very slim (tuesday). i wouldnt drive back across town for something but i would stop by if i were in the neighborhood. If you are in need of oplatki to celebrate Christmas with  Jana's is small inside but the delights you will find are huge. Give it a try. The service is lovely. Chat it up. CC/debit use should be greater than $10.00 but seriously Oh and BTW.. I am new to YELP so imagine my surprise today when I see my original review of Jana's marked as not recommended!?!!!! Like seriously dudes? I didn't take 40 minutes of my time writing a review just to have YELP label me as fake. Why even bother.  places like this are near and dear to heart. The owners are wonderful people. the head baker used to work in a polish bakery in my neighborhood in Chicago. Have a special request let them know  for special occasions. It's next door to me. It's consistent. Though the pierogi they don't make themselves anymore. The ones they get from Chicago are just ok  they also had Kiszka!  An old favorite that I had been exporting from Chicago.  Will have to go back and try some other things...it all looks good!"   I love there poppy seed roll... ect another place ya gotta get to early cause they sell out of stuff.. owned and run by nice polish women..."  cookies....all were delicious.  The canolis are some of the best I've found anywhere.  It's obvious that the women who run this place are authentic - they're very friendly and helpful as well.  I could easily spend a fortune in here (and have on occasion!).  So glad we've found this place.  Beware - they tend to close up shop for a month in the summer." Super friendly and knew all about the specials at Roberto's next door.. though I think she had to many Twinkie's herself because she was a real talker and was clearly sugar juiced!"  baseball team after game snacks come here and save TONS!!"  and everything in between really don't stand a fighting chance at that AWESOME price. I also have to mention the bread which is also a steal....but my favorite the WHOLE WHEAT buns.....8 pack....69 cents....simply delicious. So if your ever in the mood for some great snacks and a bread fix....don't hesitate to visit this locale. Eat "I was here on 11/16/12 supposedly the final day of Hostess due to the whole bankruptcy debacle. Hope this wasn't my last time shopping here because I enjoy Hostess Bakery Outlet and all that they offer. It's a vestige of my childhood  so I imagine the best selection is first thing in the morning... It may have been my first visit to Breadcrafters but it will not be my last.  See you there!" "One of the best Sour Cream Blueberry Muffins around. Unassuming little place across from the mall with really good sandwiches and breakfast items. Not for the high maint. types Maybe it was just my experience but I don't think I'll go back." The inside of Breadcrafters is really cute and they have a large variety of desserts and assorted fresh breads to buy.  I need to remember this next time I need desserts and fresh bread "Tasty food at a decent price. Nice local alternative to paradise bakery. Today they had reggae music playing on Muzak.  Not enough seating  but it makes sense because they have tons and tons of fresh breads to sell and they need the room. i order the 1/2 sandwich and salad special on mondays - turkey parm pesto with a small chef salad. i eat the sandwich on monday and the salad tuesday or wednesday - both is way too much for lunch for me. the turkey is never too salty and the veggies are always perfectly ripe and fresh. you'd have to pay me not to go back."  but our conclusion was that something like Subway would have been faster Overall seemed kinda pricey at $18 considering what we ordered and the competition. And unless the weather is nice enough to sit outside there is only seating for 8 or so. Nothing really unique about this place and can neither endorse nor oppose going to this place.  Give me a few days and i will probably forget about this place."  it was more than big enough to satisfy and they let me know I could get free refills.  No TV's It shows me that they do not care about their customers!!" One side note they had a nice selection of pre-made  food  like fresh cut up fruit  This is my favorite place for sandwiches and salads.  The staff here are the friendliest I have encountered since I moved to AZ (the staff must all be from somewhere else!).  The bakery items are also very good. Haven't had a bad meal here yet. The salads are large. Large enough to share or have half and save half for later or lunch the next day. My favorite is the Thai chicken. My husband and son are addicted to the focaccia deluxe sandwich. They love the Parmesan pesto spread that have on it. I bring home a tub of the spread (sold sep) and a bag of the toasted bread for dipping when I have company. The baked goods are also excellent. All fresh and baked on premises. My favorite is the butterscotch ranger cookie. Darn. Shouldn't have told you. Now they will be out when I go! Can't wait to try the breakfast menu.  The website iscurrently under construction." "I am always in the mood for a good Deli Sandwich and I was randomly driving by Breadcrafter's while looking for a place to have a late lunch. In an environment surrounded by large chain restaurants with your standard unhealthy boring food Breadcrafters was a real discovery. It has a prime location and everything is made fresh in house. Not only do they have great lunches but they have amazing breakfasts and you can buy their bake goods for your own personal use as well. It was a little on the pricey side While there is still no concrete reason why a sandwich made by someone else's hand is better  and the croissant sandwich was pretty good Well this place was no Paradise Bakery but I like the opportunity to support small local business."  everyone is always SUPER friendly. It's one of those ""cheers-esque"" places where everybody knows your name :) I will be a life-long customer They have limited seating and don't use A/C. But that BS doesn't bother me. Whenever i am near the PV mall area "The food at this place is top notch!  ""Nancy's favorite sandwich"" is also Suzanne's :).  I think the drinks are a little overpriced and the service at times isn't the fastest...but if your looking for a great baked goods with quality ingredients stop at this place." So my girl friend works close by and we thought we would try this place for some dessert! I hope the Food is better than the dessert. I can not say I was real impressed but it could have been what I ordered. The bread looks great and the few sandwiches I saw looked good. The thing that bothered me most about this place is that the staff did not seem very friendly. Seems like a nice bakery and a good location but I the staff could make this place a lot better and more inviting! We had a sample of the Swiss Cheese and Pepper bread (only on Saturdays) and it was very good... lots of pepper.  Would make a great grilled cheese The cookies are also very good and fresh.  There is an awesome chocolate one where they put in crasins which is a welcome touch and adds a sweet-tartness to the cookie.  I highly recommend it." This place is amazing! A new favorite for me. The fall salad is to die for! Love the bakery selection and cozy atmosphere. I highly recommend it!  you wouldn't know what good bread is if i hit you with a day old baguette. Their bread is crispy slightly burnt on the outside and soft on the inside. Perfect artistry here." I love this place! I have been going there for about a year now and the food is just so delish! My favorite is their stuffed avocado chicken salad.  but starting to wonder if it is worth it to go out of my way for a sandwich and mediocre service."  especially if you like fresh baked breads.  It looks like everything is created and baked in-house and they do a fantastic job at it.  It's well worth the wait  but customer service was just ok.  Great pastries and part of the Belly loyalty program.  Super dog friendly as well with the outdoor seating."  but it was layed on super thick so I couldn't really enjoy the sandwich.  I got a scone to go (ended up not being very scone-like) and also a sliced loaf of the raisin walnut pecan bread.  I like the bread a lot.  Even though I didn't love my meal  fresh everything.I cannot eat a sandwich anywhere else without a little disappointment because they just don't compare." A real bakery (items not frozen or pre-packaged). Real small place. Unique breakfast and lunch offerings. "Went here for lunch and had the SW chicken sandwich. It was ok. I wish I had gone with something else because other plates I saw looked really good.  The cookies looked pretty good so I had to partake. I had a chocolate chip cookie called sweet dream. The cookie was amazing!  I would give this place 5 stars for the cookie. It was soft  it was really good. I had a half build your own sandwich and a cup of soup and the BF had a build your own sandwich. They forgot to put some of the items we asked for on both sandwiches....they forgot the BF's cheese and they forgot a couple of my veggies. Additionally "The food was great. I was impressed with everything I tried. In fact I think their food is way too good to be served in/on styrofoam. Their dinning area it's very small "This is our new favorite place!!! We went for a breakfast date and it was just amazing. The girls working there are so sweet and help so much. Every time we go the service is amazing. I was waiting for my husband there one morning and was sitting and the lady came over and was so sweet to ask me if she could get me anything while I waiting. Their breakfast is fantastic  croissant was delicious. I went after 1pm and many things had already sold out." They have by the far the best bread I have ever tasted!!! Love it!! After reading all the good reviews I decided to finally give this place a try. Came in on a Friday during lunch hour... Big mistake. I waited about 15 minutes for one sandwich. There was no where really to wait for your food the inside is very small. I got a #6 it was ok I've had better. Oh and they forgot my pickle.... "First time here.  It's too bad the food is pretty good because the service is horrible. It wasn't busy and the cashier girl gave us such an attitude as we were trying to decide which bread we wanted (it only took us 2 seconds max).  Food took awhile which is fine because you can't rush good food  delicious food. But bad service - the woman behind the counter has such attitude. Strange for a small bakery; you would think they would be so nice and friendly but nope.  All that being said  despite being right across from a large mall. Service was friendly and I was served promptly.  I ordered soup and a sandwich j5HLcBru7FEirYJPbKFVWA EAT HERE you will not regret it!!!"  I got to choose from many different dressing options. I went with the champagne vinaigrette and I asked for a side of balsamic as well just in case since I am trying something new. One nice thing is that they have tons of little samples up front of their holiday foods and also chocolate bread to try. They also have styrofoam cups with plenty of cold water and lemon wedges. One down side is the lemon wedges are cut so small that I couldn't squeeze it in my water. Next time I am in the area I may try some of the desserts!" Great food. Small dining area.  I would definitely go back and try more of their sandwiches and desserts."  Breadcrafters is the best of class for sandwich places in Scottsdale-PV." "The sandwiches are always delicious here! The breakfast...not so much. I went in this morning at 830 and 70% of their baked goods were gone....not to mention the lady working the counter was a grouch. She also made my coffee completely wrong. So...if you make your way to Breadcrafters An small interesting place to try. I liked the French toast. We did not like the chia tea.  with only 6 seats inside and very very crammed in...The homemade cookies are not super sweet and very good.  Had a legend trail and double chocolate chunk.  They have breakfast as well as lunch.  Their bread is homemade with out all the preservatives and contain the simple ingredients - flour  but they will still make it for you if you request it (yeah!).  I recently switched from the blueberry muffin to the blueberry scone (to save calories and sugar "Stop for breakfast this morning  the portions were good the quality was not there. The food was delivered cold and on the tray to us and not place in front us on the table. The girl was not focus on customer service. In today market were you can pick from many places for food  i look. for quality  but they weren't really scones. Scones are a little on the hard side hence the need for cream and strawberries. These were more like big flat muffin tops. Big fat cranberry muffin tops." "I love this neighborhood gem!  They have fantastic salads and sandwiches.  Their bread is the best!  They are a little on the pricy side The pastry selection is worth going for especially the fruit tarts and the legend cookie. Pies are fresh and delicious. Great for take out. Eating there only in good weather to eat outside. Not much room inside. Really worth supporting Monica and Angie." Stop in for a bite for lunch Stopped in for an iced tea and ended up buying a chocolate croissant and a loaf of bread! The croissant was delicious. The tea was fresh and not bitter. Their menu looked great. I'll definitely be back for food sometime soon.  sandwiches are oh-so good!) their service is not so much. The lady who owns the place ALWAYS seems so in a rush to help someone else (even though none is behind me) or get back in the kitchen and just isn't very nice. I don't think the food is THAT worth it to be treated poorly." "I went in here for the first time after reading reviews on Yelp and I'm glad I did! I got the turkey cranberry sandwich which tasted better than I expected Everything happens for a reason! Friend of mine made a spontaneous choice of trying a new place for lunch. Couldn't be happier with the delicious outcome.  Quality of dining was well spent! Absolutely loved the black cherry Italian soda; delightful indulgence!  Returning soon to grab another lemon pepper chicken salad  ~blown away with the exceptional customer service provided from the moment we stepped foot in the door.  music set the tone for a great time to enjoy with my friend. Chose the sonora chicken salad  so if you do not have time to enjoy.... then call in your order for pick up or call in for catering and they will cater to you!   If you do not have time during week days then come out on the weekends I really would struggle to find anything less than amazing at this joint. Thumbs way up here."  unorganized and just plain not good at his job. He seemed too overwhelmed for the small lunch rush that was there. We ordered the cranberry turkey sandwich and the Yucatan salad. He brought out the sandwich and never gave us the salad. So we waited....and my friend finally just gave me the other half of his sandwich and after 20 minutes Of course I am a big fan of the dog friendly patio with views of the mountains as well." Love this cafe! Such yummy breakfast foods and I always indulge in their yummy dessert items! It is super clothes to the mall and easy access! I also have ha lunch here a couple times with my boyfriend and it was so yummy and portions are a great size! Overall a very delicious bakery!! I happened upon this place one day when I wanted a sandwich but knew I was out of bread at home.  I was waited on by the owner who was very friendly.  I ordered the ABLT which is a BLT with avocado.  It was possibly the best BLT I've ever had and had a ton of bacon.  I also got a mini pumpkin pie and it was to die for.  I then decided Breadcrafters would be doing the food for my Thanksgiving this year.  Their Turkey Day menu looks awesome.  Will edit this post after that.  I've been back with my kids.  The younger ones love the grilled cheese and sugar cookies.  They also have delicious looking salads and soups that I can't wait to try. "I was just in there today. And my friend and i saw that they had nothing in their cases (no food). We waited about 20 minutes to just order. We ended up leaving because the service was incredibly slow. Looks like they have a good menu It has a lot of the elements that you look for in a great neighborhood bakery.  What keeps it from joining the Varsity lunch list? The space is awkwardly cramped.  The lackluster soups detract from otherwise solid sandwiches.  dog friendly patio which is a plus! I ordered the #9 focaccia deluxe with the pesto soup. Everything was delicious I just had their southwest chicken sandwich with the stuffed avocado chicken salad! I also ordered their Valentine's Day cherry pie!!! Omg!!! Delicious all around!!!" If your in the area give Breadcrafters a try.  Expect great sandwiches Consistently amazing breakfast burritos. Recommend the Sante Fe burrito.. Also ordered their bread pudding for christmas last year.. Was a major hit. "Don't be alarmed by the menu as it can be intimidating but their food is delicious! It was my first time visiting and wanted to try everything on the menu. A frequent customer suggested the Ham djavu Sandwich and its exactly what I had. It was scrumptious! I did not wait long for the food to come out Don't pass up trying this place."  fresh ingredients & fairly quick for how busy it was! Well worth waiting in line for"  but to have the conversation while I'm trying to order makes things awkward. My food was ready about 10 mins later and I was just glad to get out of there. We got a club and a southwest chicken sandwich. The club literally had one slice of turkey  but they have an outside patio.  The food is well worth the trip  crusty and didn't  over power the sandwich.  The bacon potato salad was wonderful with perfectly cooked potatoes and not too much mayo.  It was flavorful and just the right size portions.  Desserts looked amazing but we were out of room by the time we were done with lunch.  Definitely will stop by again!"  but I guess we came on the wrong day.... The kid (one of the two young guys that was working at the time) that took our order kept getting SO confused and kept asking us repeatedly what we were getting or trying to talk to us about a different sandwich when we had already told him what we wanted. So ordering was like pulling teeth. The same kid went to the back to make our sandwiches and we went to sit outside because the guy said he would bring them to us "I've drive by a few times and tried it for the first time - HOLY AMAZING BATMAN!!!! I got the #9 chicken salad sandwich and it was AMAZING! So refreshing and it had grapes!! The tea is so fresh! The bread  I had a half an egg salad sandwich and a bowl of the creamy chicken with rice soup. Their egg salad didn't have celery  breakfast breads and pastries and had only a few loaves of regular bread and dessert pastries left.  Very disappointing as you would think they would anticipate a busy Sunday brunch crowd.  Bought a baguette and headed out...and it was just meh...won't be heading back" Lunch menu looks very promising with lots of interesting combinations."  I noticed immediately how cute and quaint it was which made me even more excited to try their food! I went up to the counter to put in my order and the lady completely ignored me and went to the next customer. I kinda just brushed it off and let it go. We ended up waiting 15 minutes for our order to be taken which was a long time considering it wasn't busy. Finally I was in the area and wanted something non-chain and not a sit down restaurant. Bread crafters is tiny (doesn't even have a public restroom) but very cutely decorated. The guy behind the counter was very helpful on my first visit and even had a chance to sample the soup of the day. The lunch special was good and I liked the soup bowls. I didn't try a pastry but noticed lots of goodies. I'm glad I stopped here! Nice to have a local business that offers a wide variety of deli items  but this weekend was too much.  I went yesterday to pick up a couple coffees and scones and we waited at the counter for 5 minutes before anyone came to the front.  People in the back making food could see us and even made eye contact.  I can't figure out why nobody was up front or was told we were waiting. When someone finally came up we told them we were about to leave and they didn't seem to care.  I decided to try again today... Same thing.  Exact same experience except this time I walked out after 4 minutes And went in to get a loaf of raisin walnut bread that was on display on the shelf. I waited 15 minutes to get to the front of the line to be told that loaf is not for sale really fucking annoyedand I'm never going back here "100+ 4 star reviews?  We must have had a REALLY off day.  Double meat please:  well we certainly didn't get more meat and what we got looked like it had been through a Star Trek transporter malfunction.  The bread was actually good.  The three slices of cheese that we got were good.  However  don't expect to get what you actually ordered."  visiting phoenix for the day.  I loved the green chili turkey sandwich.  The five girls I was with all enjoyed their meals  however some of the people that run the place seem a little grumpy. Makes you wonder if that $11.00 salad was really worth it" Overall I'd say it was good but I wasn't blown away. I'd like to go back and try a different sandwich and side to see how it compares."  and BAKED GOODS are food comas waiting to happen. Even their music selection is eclectic. Family run  so I went with what looked someone familiar to me.  They had an arugula salad that was pretty similar to the Cowboy Ciao Stetson salad.  Perhaps that just wasn't the best choice.  The stetson salad is my favorite salad Finally tried the breakfast here and it was amazing. Great house made chorizo in their burrito and the sandwiches are served on the house made breads. Always friendly folks working behind the counter. They will never have what you want so why waste your time going here.  They ALWAYS run out of main ingredients. I have gone 3 times with high hopes that management could figure out how to order but 3 out of 3 they proved their incompetence to manage... it's too bad considering their food looks and smells delecious... "I used to eat here all the time a few years ago because my mom used to work at the daycare next to the restaurant. For some reason I stopped coming but I recently came back and had the creamy wild rice and chicken soup along with a raspberry lemon bar and IT WAS DELICIOUS!!! Especially the lemon bar  and it always has been. I love getting a plain turkey sandwich and it is always amazing! They have many types of sandwiches from a breakfast egg sandwich to a turkey sandwich. I recommend this place."  you'll like it. I love the chicken salad on raisin walnut bread. I almost always order that with a side of delicious potato salad. I can't ever resist the pumpkin golden raisin cookie. Lovelovelove!"  will always love this place."  we loved our breakfast sandwiches.  We couldn't wait to go back. Just went today. Not super busy when we got there. It's a beautiful Sunday morning. Walk in. They are out of breakfast menus and the kid behind the counter said he doesn't know the menu and can't help until the owner gets back from printing the menu. They are also out of coffee but he assured us he's making some. He over charges us for our meal and then helps the other customers before refunding us.  Now the coffee is ready and  it comes out a light shade of pale. Send that back. Waiting entirely too long now for our food and was told everything is made to order. Well it's bacon and eggs so I would hope so.  Asked for a refund. Owner passive aggressively tells us to have a blessed and wonderful day and we left.  Great concept. Bread is amazing but they really need to get their act together   Won't be back on a Sunday again that's for sure."  finally  told her politely how rude she was to her parents. We walked out. They lost a regular customer two new customers plus a sale which was including several desert items for a party. Drove down the block to Whole Foods and had a great meal "What a cute little place!  My sandwich was good and some of the pastries in the display case looked mouth-watering.  They even had a high chair tucked away for my son to sit in.  The inside is quite small The muffin was HUGE and so light and fluffy. Will definitely be back again to try some other things. The lunch menu looked really good:)" Our favorite go to lunch spot every time we come to town. I LOVE their salads. I recommend the Brie and turkey croissant !! The bread was freshly made and I can't wait to go back.." Will return for fresh baked bread chicken sandwich with fresh roasted chilies. French toast is perfect.  but I settled on the Turkey and Pepper-jack sandwich.  It was truly amazing!  My friends and family are very fortunate because my next event will be catered by them!  Fresh food  but customer service is horrible. I tried to order a salad today at around 5:15pm. Once they sell out of its gone for the day. The guy taking my order was extremely rude and nasty telling me I should have ordered it earlier then to get it. That is just uncalled for to have such an attitude. Customer service could be so much better." Been Going to bread crafters for awhile now and love the food but lately it's been terrible and the owner isn't the friendliest. I'll go back cause I hope things change and I love the raisin bread and chicken salad. If your looking for great service and good food this isn't the place and you can't count on amazing food and not good service. "Love this locally owned bakery! The owners are great especially Angela---always making me laugh! She'd tell you 'it's no fakery like the ones down the street!' Or 'Let's get rid of those green straws.' I love supporting local. The quality of the food is impeccable! I love the breakfasts--try the Benedict's best. You can have it as a sandwich or plated with bread on the side. For lunch I love the chicken salad plate or the park avenue sandwich. My fav salad is the BBQ chicken. Dressings are homemade and you can tell! And let's talk about their soup! The chicken tortilla is my fave on Wednesdays and Thursday's! Coffee is great! Ice tea is awesome! Angela calls the beverage side of the business 'BevCrafters.' Cute place Excellent sandwiches always made with fresh bread and great service from the staff. Went to Breadcrafters with my sister and we both got sandwiches and a fruit tart to share. We both enjoyed our food a lot but it was the bread that made the food. I loved the fruit tart. I wish I could have tried all of their sweet treats. But good place to eat but my only complaint was that it was so small. Like only 7 tables... Oh well amazing food! "Place is nice and people are very friendly. That being said I have ordered breakfast from them to pickup three times now and have yet to get what I have asked for. They seem to always add extra things that I didn't ask for even being very specific. The burritos are decent  and the second time there was so much grease that my stomach hurt before I could finish my food.  Service has always been slow I was there last year with my parents and extended family. Service was terrible - slow and rude. I would not go there again.  but wasn't as torturous as I was anticipating." Over all the night was a big disappointment for the money paid. The jokes were corny and the accents difficult to understand. Pete Swartz (female)made it bareable. She was very good in all of her roles so kudoos to her for make the night bareable." So go with the right attitude and expectation  the food arrives more quickly from the Kitchen.  This is a welcome improvement ." Have the gravy and biscuits they were really good along with two turkey patties.  Service was outstanding. Service today he was friendly crisp and efficient.  I had biscuits gravy bacon and eggs; it was a great breakfast.  My wife had the pumpkin pancakes.  stayed on top of service and very friendly. Great prices too. $3.99 kids breakfast and pretty big portions for that money. Only thing Mystery Theater was cute and funny. Food was aweful and very bland.  I don't think I have a place for you because I don't have a full staff.  This was on a Saturday morning and right before the holidays!  He saw me standing and waiting by the door while others were coming in to dine.  He said somewhat rudely ""You can sit down and wait.  I'll be right with you""  I never once was  rude to him and I was waiting patiently while he assisted the lady with a party of 8.   I was shocked by his tone and so I walked out. Never eating at that Coco's!  I found a local cafe down the street and so glad I did."  I woke up early and decided to get a good breakfast before I had to go to work. I sat at the counter and waited almost 10 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge me  french toast and potato pancakes are a good value.  Service was friendly Coco's gong down the same path as Marie Callendars.."  my salad was drenched in dressing with shredded iceberg lettuce. At this point I didn't have time to send back since the babies were getting restless but of course our waitress was no where to be found so I paid up front. The man up front happened to be the team lead so I told him about how I couldn't really eat the salad and he took 25% off our bill so that was handled well. Also  food was bla and cold then the cashier shorted me 5 dollars. My husband called and the lady on the phone didn't care at all. Said the till was short yesterday. I'm writing the company. People are stealing and it's wrong. They should be fired and put in jail. Never again. If you do go here be careful. Count your money before you leave. Don't make a mistake like I did. I learned my lesson that's for sure." I don't have a problem with their good usually (we have been here numerous times) but their service stinks and just keeps getting worse.  We will not be back unless they get new management." "Very poor customer service. Hostess was rude and ignored us when we arrived. When seated finally she had a bad attitude. Also The worst.  Rude servers and hostess' plus the service takes forever to get anything.  The place is run down and smells of food that has been sitting for a while or even gone bad.  I'd rather travel to the next location than eat here again.  It's worth the drive to go to another location. Worst eating experience I have ever had.  We received our drinks right away but after that nothing about it was good.  I ordered the prime rib and my wife ordered an omelet.  After about 25 minutes the waitress came and said we were just waiting on the omelet.  I gave her a funny look and should have known that my prime rib had been sitting out for a while.  When the meals came everything on my wife's plate was stale like it was days old.  The prime rib looked and tasted the same.  The baked potato was the only thing on the plate that wasn't bad.  I will never eat at any coco's after this.  The hostess and waitress acted as if they were doing everyone a favor by being there.  They were rude to the core.  Don't waist your time. Great lunch at coco's today.  Everything we ordered was delicious and service was very good.  Iceberg lettuce wedge was very good as well as BLT. "My lunch here was just okay. Only prob is that I it took so long to get the food here. Not to mention the taste level is pretty much mediocre. Probably even lower. Service here was slow "My mom loves Coco's. So I normally take her every other week. I've got to admit they have a great selection and very tasty! Today for lunch I had the Bacon  cookies are great. Buy one cookie and get one free. Bargain. I love the half sandwich and soup. The chicken posole is delicious and a favorite of mine. A great plus is there is free wireless internet service."  and a drink and it came out to $13. For $13 I could of gone to a restaurant. Paradise Bakery has some of the best cookies around but the food is a rip off." dude their salads are awesome that's all i get here for 7 bucks plus tax they are a bit pricey but if you can deal with that than its good stuff oh yeah the cookies are bomb too haha i have returned to this place many times  to say the least. I ordered a simple cup of soup and my boyfriend ordered a turkey sandwich with no lettuce no tomato and extra cheese. $2 Charge for extra cheese resulted in maybe one extra slice of cheese  service sucks. The kid's meal came in 2 bags. We asked for a sugar cookie instead of a chocolate chip and she dropped it in a sandwich bag "Amazing service! Paradise has top quality sandwiches for a decent price. They offer great soup and salad choices as well. They staff absolutely made my visit special though It seems like this place has gone downhill recently.  The menu isn't as large as it used to be.  The salad was pretty good but the cookies are always the best.  As far as mall food goes it was o.k. Please Marie Callenders start screening your employees!"  the server did not know anything about homestyle food." 0QRvOpNbrHfik3wBupGFmg "Well i can't speak for the food..but the 6.99 deals they had on the pies at this location were great. We had 5 for the month of Feb. they only do this 6.99 pie sale twice a year i am told and it is definitely worth it. We had the lemon cream cheese pie on two occasions 