This particular branch has very helpful and friendly employees. They have a drive thru and it is always quick and easy. They will even give your dog a treat if they are in the car :). I've also never experienced long lines in this branch which is always nice!" My new goal is to deter anybody I know away from Dollar Bank. Their back office in underwriting and processing is a joke and needs to be fixed badly. Save yourself the trouble and avoid dollar bank at all costs"  I feel proud to be a PNC client!"  however I generally seem to prefer other branches in the East End. The staff is generally very nice- I met with one of the consultants recently to discuss obtaining a PNC credit card. Sometimes the wait here is pretty long But with this kind of service it's worth the wait."  but the catch is you can't use a teller.  If you use a teller you get charged $8.95 for the month.  I don't like the idea of this account either but it's hard to close all our BOA accounts with a branch so convenient to home.  At least I shouldn't have to worry about interacting with anyone in this branch from now on since I don't believe their services are worth $8.95 per month."  and a little bit of snow causes them to close on a Friday. If they are calling for snow you had better get everything you need from this bank before a flake falls. Dunkin' Donuts was open and all of the stores around this bank were open. This is the first time I've ever known of a bank closing because of the little bit of snow. Especially on a FRIDAY"  is the bank only open when we are at work???  Closing at 5:30?  Not even open on Saturday mornings???!!!  It's just crazy.  I've also found their customer service to be lacking (at least  that gets annoying since their policies are outdated as well. I do love their change machine though!" 14 years of loyalty mean nothing if you are laid off.  I can pay the bills online now. Woohoo!"  good bank (although some of the fees I dislike). I'm really happy that no matter where I go If someone can let me know which bank has better service 1 ATM at a bank location = 2 Stars My fave bank location because of the merchant teller. She is so nice and always knows me  thoroughly disappointed at the service!!!! It's been 15 minutes......" Wow. Bank of America at it again with less than exceptional customer service. It was almost as if I was a distraction to Luke when I asked him for a notary. I've been a customer with b of a for about 10 years and I expected better service. I think it may be a product of the location and the types of customers that they get in this area.  even when given documents supporting any type of transactions that the seller has been less then ethical Bank of America supports the shady seller. Nothing less would be excepted from the bank they got bailed out by the taxpayers for their shady derivatives fallout"  it's nice to know that folks inside this bank are getting the job done." "Is it me or does the customer service suck?  I've worked as a bank teller before and we always did what we could to expediate the lines and cater to the customers.  This place seems like the opposite.  I've waited on line for 15 minutes when there were three people in front of me.  I'm sorry A walk up ATM is located at the front for 24hr access as well as a drive thru ATM.  I've never seen anyone use the teller windows (drive through)  walk up atm and a full banking center inside. I did my address update in person here and they were very efficient and professional." Screw you Ken Lewis ...hope you go to jail for shi..ting on little people!!!"  and the unfortunate part is that I usually end up taking it out on the unsuspecting customer service rep on the other end of the phone line.  I have never in my life banked with a company that goes so far out of their way to screw people over and assess unnecessary fees.  I have paid B of A hundreds of dollars in overdraft fees over the last year due to their screwed up system and logic that they will undoubtedly try to convince you is somehow appropriate.  For example  I mostly use the ATM at this location.  The double ATM drive up lanes are very convenient.... it does suck when you get stuck behind a person that is making 20 different transactions and sits in front of the machine forever... but the option of moving over to another machine is a great one."  that the building (not me) would never have qualified for a loan from in the first place- it was not on ""the list""...and my favorite part was when they told me that the problem happened on day one when the HOA president of the condo sent back their information request I didn't not go to this branch specifically but I am writing a review on Bank of America in general not happy with here customer service. When trying to say something they pretty much tell you are even though I have papers in front of me showing when stuff have gone through and they are telling that stuff went through a different way. All I wanted was the fee taken off but they didn't even try they said they couldn't. I acknowledged I was going to go negative no matter what but it should of been a lower amount them what I was charged. Leaning toward leaving Bank of America because of poor service. C They helped me with a notary public when I had documents to send in so I am very happy with my service."  he was patient and calm during our almost 2 hour meeting :-) i have now switched from Square to BOA Merchant Services for my payment processing! I would refer anyone to him. I am now an even bigger fan of Bank of America. THANK YOU!!!!"  i had lost my credit card from the michigan state fcu and needed to cash a check Note: All branches offer coin counting for all customers and it is free for CMCU account holders. The process is quick and easy and the kids get a kick out of it."  she said that they would send me to collections for not making the full amount. Then she looked in my account and saw that I had money in there (enough for only 2 months of rent and my bills... will no real income coming in) and said that there was obviously no reason I was having problems and I shouldn't have even called her. I was really frustrated "Awesome customer service.  In the many 17+  years of membership I have only had two problems and the response to those issues went above and beyond my expectations.  Bottom line this financial institution has not only the lowest fees and some of the best rates around  we had to prove prove prove we could handle the loan. Rina said things have changed since the financial crisis of 2008 and they require a lot more documentation nowadays. Good to know."  but she also set me up with an online account (which is a bit more technical than your major financial institutions on-line setup; due to verification you have to call and answer a few security questions). I did not have to ask to be set-up with an account I met with Jessie at the Junction Rd Old Sauk branch. He was extremely professional yet very approachable. Jessie gave me a number of good suggestions but did not try to ""sell"" me Summit Credit Union services. I really liked working with him and trusted his expertise. Ultimately I did become a member of Summit by opening a couple of accounts with them. I highly recommend Summit and Jessie to anyone who has questions re debt consolidation or any other financial needs. Thanks much Summit and Jessie!" Ultimately I decided to take my business elsewhere. There are just too many other banks and credit unions that would appreciate my time and business. I'd recommend that you make a similar decision if good friendly customer service is important to you and your preferred banking experience." "I've been with Sunwwest for 4 years now and have been consistently happy with the service they provide.  I always recieve friendly customer srevice "You know what's great? Walking into a banking establishment and having the tellers know your name! I've been with Sunwest for 27 years I like the no fee checking they offer which no other bank in Phoenix offered me. No minimum balance to maintain. I find them very friendly efficient and professional. If they would just add the ability to deposit checks by smart phone pics I would give a 5 star rating.  it's been an excellent experience so far. I highly recommend them." I recommend this credit union to all my friends."  but I like to have a secondary bank on the side to not keep all of my eggs in one basket. So when we moved to Arizona 6 years ago I opened a side account with Wells Fargo after6 years of high pressure sales techniques and abusive fees and customer service Saturday was the last straw with a new $10 monthly fee. So I'm done!!!  I researched banks and credit unions and saw that SunWest credit union was highly rated and had free checking.  So today I went in and opened the account. I so wanted a great experience but the man who opened my account was very nervous and from the beginning seemed distrustful of me   He went thru pulling credit and chex systems etc and opened up everything and just went over every thing in a very basic way.  It was a very cold experience.   I hope things improve and this was a one time experience.... I'm sure this story will continue....." Personally I had a loan with this company it was referred to a law firm and I have tried to settle numerous times and I NEVER receive any call back. As long as this company is willing to use a law firm such as Mark Kirkorsky I would not associate with this company at all. Horrible customer response. They have made a lot of money from my family and my family is pulling their accounts out of here due to how I have been treated. "I was very happy with my experience here. Even though my account is with a different out-of-state credit union Friendly tellers small waiting time.  and will continue to complain to every organization we can until this is rectified. I have been abused by this organization quite enough The makes for a very poor operation that is sorely lacking in efficiency or any semblance of personalized service. Unfortunately my employer banks with Bank of America so while I'd like to say ""See you later"" if they actually ever get around to closing my account and sending me my money  I reached a girl who told me only the phone support number could start this process. Explained to her that several agents had told me the branch had to start this process and ask to be introduced during a transfer to someone who could help. Guess what? I was just sent to the start of the 800 menu again. Was not able to reach anybody after another 10 calls Emma needs a new attitude! She comes off rude and she is a bitch! Worst customer service ever! She should be fired! I'm here with a family member who opened an account here a week ago and now finds his account 'locked' - with all of his funds unavailable for eight days. Having spent more than one hour in the downtown branch he's on the phone getting shifted between people trying to find someone who can help. Can anyone cut they the red tape? Apparently not. Welcome to impersonal banking at its lowest. This place is such a CLOWN SHOW.  but the lack of knowledge and respect for customers tops it off. Strongly recommend Chase. Steer clear of this BOA location and the institution all together." It's nice to have your finances in the hands of an institution you can trust to be reliable  and they are so far ahead of banks as far as being paperless and having good rates its not even funny. a safety deposit box is a third the price that it is at a bank. so if you are anywhere near them I would recommend them."  they have taken our car with no warning and unable to help. They have even sent people to our home without even trying to get a hold of us. We tried very hard to work with them and they don't have have any respect. My husband is a disabled veteran and they don't care. I will not not recommend this credit union to anyone."  She then preceded to tell me she does not have to transfer me to a supervisor. My husband and I will be closing all of our accounts and refinancing our auto loan to a different CU." one of the reasons I like credit unions is most of them have shared banking. Well I found out the hard way that this one branch does not do shared banking "I have been a member for 14 years.  My savings account was inactive for 3 years so they decided to withdraw my money and give it to the Arizona Department of Revenue as Unclaimed Property.  It will take me 4 to 5 months to get my money back I do all my banking and DSFCU.  she wanted the last payroll deposit. WTF? Was this woman clueless or just on a power trip? When I told her it wasn't possible since I wasn't able to access the Internet at the moment. She gave the ""oh well"" attitude. Frustrating to say the least! I had to get a supervisor to get my routing number.  I can't stand this bank!" I informed them I would be closing my accounts here and was told ""ok"" just go to the front counter to collect your money. They didn't even bother to ask why or keep my business. So I did. No more Desert Schools Although they are bad...they are also consistent! Bye DS" Now... you still have my mortgage which is fine. I don't have to traverse a maze or solve a sudoku puzzle to determine or pay the monthly bill. Please don't screw that up."  postage stamp sized lot. Sometimes there's a dude there helping folks get in and out. Sometimes not. I think I see him hanging in his Dodge K car with the A/C cranked listening to The Moody Blues. Who can blame him in this horrific heat. Actual bank is on first floor of high rise on Central. They just remodeled the lobby and frankly I don't see  much of a difference. Money would have been better spent on giving raises to underpaid employees or by putting some in my meager savings account. But four stars for the staff. Shout out to Daniel especially. He always takes care of me in the merchant line. I love when I get the stink eye from some unhappy office cubicle clone who's waiting in the peon I honestly believe BofA has made a strategic decision to be the bank for the masses.  That's fine but it no longer includes me."  banking here has always been a joy. Thanks BofA. XOXO" You are a bank and don't even carry $2000 . How is that even possible . I stood in line 25 minutes just to be told you were out of money . "I believe there is still an exclusivity in belonging to a credit union. Desert schools has always been good to us. Any fees are minimal in comparison to other banks. I have been banking with them for about ten years. In that time This isn't my normal branch. When I walked in there was a line but it moved pretty quick and the teller was extremely friendly. I accidentally put an extra $100 in my deposit. The teller caught it and added it. Thanks doll!!! I'm going to be a Desert Schools customer for life."  or pretty much any other lending institution over Desert Schools." 2nxQ9enKGYktl0AHZtQgog "this bank is terrible and will charge you unfounded fees. it is a hassle to try and communicate with this bank and their customer service is terrible wells fargo is starting to look better and better." "I was a member of Desert Schools for years and decided to change credit unions a few years back. The atmosphere was very unprofessional and unfriendly. A manager named Lisa Lowe (not sure of last name spelling) struck me as a snarky teenager that hated her employees. I witnessed her being disrespectful towards her tellers on multiple occasions. She dresses inappropriately for a banking environment. And she doesn't seem to know how to properly speak to members Desert Schools is one of the worst banking institutions I have come across in my life time.  Chase is worse then them and that isn't saying much.  There are plenty of other credit unions that are exceptional... Alliant is one of them!  Don't waste your time with this bank  good service. It's like they actually don't mind being at work. Unlike their 16th and Camelback location."  after explaining all this he met my request to close the account and divide the money so I could easily place the monies in accounts owned by myself and the other beneficiary. Tyler was friendly  the WRONG number on purpose after we exchanged words.... That's got to be illegal and she needs to be fired. Then she even has the nerve to freeze my account while I'm out of town and can't go into a branch when they're clearly in the wrong.. Grow up and get better employees. I'm making sure everyone knows how I feel about this credit union. I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future."  I received a customer survey asking how my loan officer did?  REALLY  A joint account. All of a sudden the bank takes $250.00 out of my checking account the week of Christmas with no warning. Now that's just disgraceful customer service. Their now outsoarced Credit Cards started raising raising their interest rates and fees just like all the other banks as well. The last straw was when I called to pay off the balance of the account and was treated so rudly by first the woman at their call center and then by her boss they do not  stand up for the consumer  against  businesses  they suck!  there seems to NEVER be a crowd at this location so I am usually in and out in 5 minutes instead of waiting in a long line for one of two tellers to look after me. A very refreshing banking experience" "Worst customer service. I opened an account online and went to the branch to make the initial deposit. They don't know what their online banking system is doing and they had to send it to another location in Tucson "I swichted to NBAZ in July and I couldn't be happier with them! I go to the Santan Village branch and all the ladies and Jeff are always so happy to help and greet you with a friendly smile upon arrival. I get follow up calls every month to see how I'm doing and to see if I have any questions about my account from Jeff. I really like this bank  is an AMAZING bank.  That is an organization that understands how to treat their customers which is why they get 99.9% of my business.  The only reason I opened the account in the first place was because they have a location in my office building.  I can't see why anyone would ever bank with an institution that offers so little in technology and non-empowered employees." One of the appealing things that originally brought me here was their low direct deposit requirement to waive bank fees.  Only $100 monthly as opposed to $250 that B of A asked.  And if I remember correctly This is an older location which is not as modern as most BofA's but it is always clean. The tellers are friendly though plan on standing in life for a while as I mentioned it stays busy." I just counted and there are 14 people in front of me and 1 teller at the window.  I don't need people asking me what I need help with when I walk in the door.  I need faster service.  I wish my company banked elsewhere and there is no way I would do and personal business with BofA. Would give 0 stars if I could... Worst service I've ever seen at any bank branch... Line is over 30 mins at least.. People not helpful...No public restroom???.... Eventually just left and went to camelback location 5 mins from here. WORST. SERVICE. EVER. If I had a choice I would not rate it with a star at all. To start off the teller Saida Olivas asked me for an ID for a deposit when I have  never been asked before. The guy next to me did a large deposit and he was not asked for an  ID . She also kept speaking to me in Spanish as I kept responding in English I understand I look brown but that does not mean I speak Spanish. I felt she was doing it on purpose I will never go back to this location I felt discriminated. I hope somebody can talk to her and let her know you don't do that I would highly recommend Washington Federal to friends."  never a line. Get you in and out quick. Nice people. Also they have some good online banking tools. Would recommend vs the big banks" Very friendly and helpful staff. I recommend business owners to seek their service.  worthless quality of service They are currently remodeling this branch right now so you might see some dusts flying when you walk in  it might be good for a personal account but NOT RECOMMENDED for business.  Go to a reliable bank that can help you with your business." Samuel gave me excellent customer service!! He greeted me with a smile and asked how my day was going! I wouldn't go elsewhere!! Thank you Samuel for your wonderful customer service!!!!  is plain awful. The only reason why I am still banking there is because I received a great promotional rate on a HELOC awhile back. Once the HELOC expires Great bank of you don't want to use your money but try and use that debit card even for charges you verified before and they will stop the card every time. Best part they don't have after hours customer service so when it happens your just screwed until they open again. Time to enjoy my holiday after this happened to me a 3rd time for the same stupid company charging to my account lucky me good thing I've approved this charge two other times so it wouldn't happen again freaking idiots time for a new bank.  there is the occasional good hearted teller who may cut you some slack around the holidays. They represent the second star."  and have currently been holding for 50 minutes. Unless you have buckets of time to waste with this financial disaster I wish I could do negative stars. They are crooks! And liars! They will rape you any chance they can get and their customer service is a complete joke. Their website has incorrect information posted and everything I have ever tried to do with BofA has been a night mare. I wouldn't wish this bank on my worst enemy! "The tellers are really nice and helpful and there's rarely that long of a wait.  The thing that I have noticed specifically about this one is that when I want to make a cash deposit at their ATM's I love this location. Very small bank that does not have a large amount of traffic. It is one of the friendliest neighborhood banks in the valley.  Today I went in to open a small business account and was serviced by Phillip who has worked for BofA for over 10 years. He was very knowledgeable about the products which helped me and my business partner make the best decisions. His level of professionalism was top 10. I now know more about the services BofA has to offer and a new friend. Thank you BofA for hiring such wonderful people to represent your organization. "Worst Bank of America! Came here today to get something notarized. I was the only other customer besides two who were already with a teller. There were two other employees on the side having a side conversation. When the first customer left Typical BofA but at least there is never a huge crowd here.  awful customer service.. Oh and the kicker.. I deposited a trust fund check.. From Vanguard!! They wouldn't let me have it for 10-14 days.. Despite that Vanguard had cleared the check with them.. I'm guaranteeing BofA made interest off of my $7k! Don't get me started on what they have done to our housing market.. Ahh.. Thank God I can bank with USAA.." I stopped in this branch yesterday to close the account and was surprised how little they seemed to care. We exchanged greetings and chatted about our Halloween and what each of us were doing. I told him I needed to close both my savings and checking account  and eagerly await my turn so I can finish up and enjoy the rest of my day off. Fortunately they seems to be wrapping up.  I may update further at a later time pending the outcome here."  needed to cash a check and get larger bills for a cash payment she was slow and not a pleasure."  they won't do you the courtesy of speaking with you unless something goes wrong with their machines. A malfunction that is their fault WILL become your responsibility and your problem in that they will require YOU to dispute their practices  Oregon  It looks like a calculated move to force customers to online banking. They have even done away with the drive up window. The tellers that work there are very nice and very efficient.  Have been banking at this bank(building) since1974 but I am looking at other options since I like banking in person.   What they will do is force customers to other banks. In the last few weeks I have  have been in several smaller banks in Medford in the last few weeks and I noticed much smaller or no lines with lots of tellers!"  I Got approved in less than 10 mins! Great Job to Mr. Robles.." "My father passed away suddenly in October. I am the personal rep of his estate. He had a bank account at BoFA. I went to this location and worked with David. I get in his office and he's blasting his music. I love rap as much as the next person but after telling him about my father he continues to let his music play which is offensive (cussing) and loud. I told him I needed an estate account per my lawyer. He instead tries to talk me into having a check sent to me for the balance. I told him again I needed an estate account. During my time there he was cussing and making in appropriate comments. He said I wouldn't have access to the money until Monday (The date I was there was a Friday) because a person can't open and close an account the same day. This is not what I was told at another branch but I didn't argue. I asked to set an appointment for Monday. He instead insisted that I text his ""personal cell phone"". Monday comes and I text him around 430p AND call him (he didn't answer so I left a VM)as I was busy all day and he texts back at 4:57pm and tells me it's too late they close at 5pm. I'm pretty upset at this point. I tell him via text since he wouldn't return my call that I would have preferred to set an appt. He said ""that's why I was setting the expectation that I will work around you"". I ask if he can please set an appt for me for Tuesday and that I'd prefer to work with someone else. He ignores my request and continues to text me that this is my fault I wasn't able to come in. I tell him I want to speak with a manager and would like his managers name he texts back (Nope sorry can't do that). He finally calls me (it's going on 520-530 now) and finally sets an appt for the following day. My mom and I come in the next day (I didn't feel comfortable going alone) Horrible customer service. This place is why I switched all but 1 account away from BOA to USAA. I went into this branch needing $60 in quarters and got into the 8 person line. A guy comes in behind me needing $25 in $1s. The reception guy at the podium asked what he needed and went and got his 25 $1s. So I asked about getting my quarters. I was told there's only 2 people in front of you you will be fine waiting. Between those 2 people and 2 at the counter it took 23 minutes to get my quarters as he continued to help people walking in the door. So in the end it took 40 minutes to get quarters. I will have to remember to stop on my way home from work elsewhere. Walked in to talk to personal banker about closing accounts. He directed me to main counter. Waited 20 minutes in line that went to entrance door to talk to person at counter. They directed me back to personal banker. Took nearly one hour to close out my accounts. Not the type of service I would expect. They mentioned the weekend after the first of the month is always busy. Perhaps time to staff for these occasions if you know they will be busy. Fuck this place. They will literally rob you." I'm out. I can't take it anymore." Buh - there is one star because ""no stars"" is not an option." This place uses to be about us members but now they are no better then the big banks out there. They will hit you up with fees and even charge a monthly membership fee!  Barf! The staff at AZFCU really need better customer service training. I also bet there is no trouble ticket in their system to get suspicious transaction notification fixed."  I finally got to talk to someone and they did tell me I cannot make an online payment using the checking account from a different bank. I can only pay it online using the debit card from a different bank and paying the $18 fee. Or I can pay using the checking account from a different bank over the phone PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS BANK! THEY ARE NOT ALL ABOUT ""US""." Maybe Clark Howard has other credit unions in mind when he recommends them over the ""big monster mega-banks."" This isn't one of them."  and overall this is not a place to trust with your banking needs.  We are closing our accounts and taking our business elsewhere.  On top of that  money order etc. I paid most of the balance in cash and a smaller portion in money order but I was stopped at the front desk and told that money order is not certified funds. I had one of their reps on the the phone at that exact moment who even spoke with the employees two different times while I'm up there looking ridiculous. They finally processed it after me feeling and looking like a criminal when I simply wanted to pay my debt.off and get back in good standing. I wanted to set up a new account at that time but decided to wait and do more research on what bank is best for me. I think they do well by their members but this particular situation was disappointing."  the credit card interest rates rival what USAA offers exclusively to those serving in the military.  However  you ended up giving credibility to my original advice: LOOK ELSEWHERE TO HANDLE YOUR BANKING NEEDS."  it spit my check out and I left without having my check deposited. I generally do all my banking on line so that fact that this is the 3rd difficulty I have experienced with this branch's ATM is mathematically impossible I went into cash a check I got from a friend of mine for work I did on his house.The girl told me I needed to be verified and someone would be right there. After about 1015 minutes of waiting a girl came by and asked was waiting for. She said wait right here I'll be back in a minute. After about 10 more minutes I gave up and left. This will be a non-issue if everybody was busy but they were not there were people without customers all over the bank  and we've known many people that have been satisfied customers for a long time. Switching all of our direct deposits and auto-debits was actually easier than I thought. We just had to peruse our bank records to see the recurring transactions and make a few quick calls to those companies. Desert Schools has also made some technological strides even in the few years that we've been banking with them. They have a great mobile app and their ATMs accept the envelope-free cash and check deposits. If you need to go inside and talk to someone they are relatively quick  the WRONG number on purpose after we exchanged words.... That's got to be illegal and she needs to be fired. Then she even has the nerve to freeze my account while I'm out of town and can't go into a branch when they're clearly in the wrong.. Grow up and get better employees. I'm making sure everyone knows how I feel about this credit union. I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future."  and it makes it seem like they are more about inconveniencing members than actually preventing fraud. I discovered this on a trip to Michigan a few years ago. I went to check in at my hotel and my card came back declined. I had plenty of money in my account so I knew it had to be a bank problem. So when I got through after a rather lengthy wait on hold "Lately the ATM hasn't been working. I have to go inside and wait in order to withdraw money. The teller told me the ATM is  old and something inside is worn out. She also said they don't plan to replace it. What kind of business would not maintain and/or replace worn-out equipment. It may sound like a small issue but it's frustrating that they just let the problem go on and on.. It says something very negative about the organization. I hate to switch but I probably will BEWARE OF THIS PLACE."  verifys my employment and comes back tells me there will  be a 10 day hold on my check. Seriously???  They have been cashing my checks since day 1 with no problems.  I put up a fuss and she tells me she will cut it down to a 4 day hold.  What???  So she can just make her own rules???  I told her to forget it and deposit it in my shared account in Nebraska.  She got really rude with me and told me they would put a hold on it also.  I looked her in the eye and told her to do it and I assured her they would never put a hold on any deposit in my account.    She deposited the money and guess what??? The money was immediatly available.  I told her to close my account because I was so pissed off.  She then told me I would be charged $35 to close it!!!  What???  She said it was stated in the paperwork I got when I opened my account... I looked through it all and I have nothing that states this.  To sum this up "I encourage active duty military and families of active duty military to think twice before doing business with first credit union. We move around often and sometimes even important documents can get misplaced. We used our account as savings while my husband was deployed last year and we have since moved out of state.  Unfortunately  have financed several cars through them and have never had any problems with them whatsoever."  I always find myself raving about my wonderful banking experiences!!! Thank you Desert Schools for being awesome!" i also didn't like that there were few and far between locations compared to larger banks." i like they are local to arizona though so we'll stay!"  and other loans and have gotten the best interest rates around. Never have had a problem. Service is great too. I am always asked when I go in (which is rare) if I need an extra check register. That is really nice because I usually do! Then they give me 2!"  I never really got a straight answer as to why I had to come back 4 times to close the loan... Its enough for me to switch banks & I've banked w/ them for ten years."  they had been taking 10 dollars a month from the savings account for limited activity.  They stated we should have received something in the mail notifying us Updated since they did finally give our money back.  Still beware. There is something wrong when you try and use a shared branching system and you are told that you are second rate and will have to wait for all the other customers who are members to be helped before you will be helped  but I can share my experience!"   Manager Danielle in the call center is the most rude shady person I have ever talk to in my life."  are personable and seem to be looking out for the customer.  Also there is a chuck e cheese nearby which is where a kid can be a kid  but it was close and i don't know the area.  i came here with a cashier's check from my other bank. so for 10 business days i had no money.  so i called a day earlier so i can buy some food and the girl asks the supervisor that if i have proof that the check has cleared then i could access the money. so after some calls i get the proof and when i call back they tell me i can only have a portion of the money. even though it has cleared  no matter how far you go up the ladder.  None of these people know what the fuck they are doing.  My son now has no birthday present for his birthday tomorrow because these stupid condescending  assholes fucked up and they won't admit it.  No accountability for anything!!!!!!  Even though it was not our fault.  It was CLEARLY their fault.   But they are a bunch of fucking idiots that  you really should be ashamed of yourselves for treating children this way!" I love this bank. I go out of my way just for them cause the other one by me doesn't  make me feel as welcome.  This one though is great. I always get welcomed and they have helped me and answered every question no problem. Highly recommended  never again! The absolute worst in customer service!" This place sucks! :-("  I've asked for months to get it fix! But instead I get to wait in a long line. This happens at a lot of locations." "WTH!! What kind of bank doesn't have a 24 hour help center? Like right now... I'm looking at my account and wondering where the F*** my money went and why am I showing a balance of $0.00. I thought they were up to date on their information as to what goes on with your account. I know I didn't spend $400 all in one day. So  the WRONG number on purpose after we exchanged words.... That's got to be illegal and she needs to be fired. Then she even has the nerve to freeze my account while I'm out of town and can't go into a branch when they're clearly in the wrong.. Grow up and get better employees. I'm making sure everyone knows how I feel about this credit union. I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future." "ATTENTION BUSINESS BANKERS:  DO NOT bank here unless you want new tellers just learning how to process transactions EVERY time you visit your branch. The rules change at every new managers whim and they will do NOTHING to help you grow your business.  Try taking in a deposit with a lot of checks...they will make you stand there while they enter each and every one of them.  20 minutes later your're free to leave with your receipt.  Getting them to do a batch deposit is a nightmare!  Now Standard disappointment. Allowing customers to balance account at the teller. 15 minutes to do a simple deposit when they have 10 people in the line They randomly will update their online banking without any notice. Kinda sucks when you need to know how much is in your account. If all I am going to get is a whoops from you guys then you leave me very little choice. We are pulling all of our money out. There will be a report to the BBB and will use Yelp and any other means possible to put this story out to your customer base."  the employees hardly know anything about finance. I had a random check put into my account from an error that ended up costing me over $500. This credit union is pathetic and never bank with them. I hate to say it but wells fargo makes this place look bad. If I could give a negative star I would. Useless company and a waste of my time." They make a mistake and still hold you accountable for their incompetent practices and people.If you care about your money Had to give 1 star --not only would I give them 0 stars I would like to see them shut down. Will complain to every agency dealing with banking and business." So needless to say I was extremely disappointed and I will be closing all of my Desert Schools accounts and taking my money to a Credit Union that can ACTUALLY help me. Eat A modicum of decency would have been nice  I didn't receive any thorough explanations about where my money was going (there wasn't any proof that my money went into an account it just kinda disappeared. I went to the ATM and got a statement to prove it was actually in there!) The best part about it was the option for free checking and the option to exempt yourself from overdraft protection which I LOVE." I'm also happy they are open on Saturdays!"  the WRONG number on purpose after we exchanged words.... That's got to be illegal and she needs to be fired. Then she even has the nerve to freeze my account while I'm out of town and can't go into a branch when they're clearly in the wrong.. Grow up and get better employees. I'm making sure everyone knows how I feel about this credit union. I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future." Went in yesterday to set up an account and Irene was fantastic. You can tell she enjoys her job and that she really cares about her customers. After I deposited my cash she noticed my checks that I didn't give her to deposit..  She asked if I wanted to deposit those as well. I really appreciated her awareness that I was slacking in  they can be a good alternative to big banks for individual consumers. They will make you open a $25 minimum savings account to become a member Be smart take you money out and run." "This locale is within walking distance of my apartment complex. The lobby area is nice but I don't go in very much at all. The drive thru is quick and easy.....friendly service.....no hassle ATM'S and considering it is located on the corner of a major thorough fare it is very safe to conduct your outside transactions here. Eat  fast service and clean lobby.  Security guard on the outside of the branch daily during business hours."  yet I'm waiting in line longer than people going into the branch.  Need to fix time or you'll drive people away to another banks." "I think this location is pretty good. I don't go in very often They have now removed both drive-thru lanes due to not enough people using them.  I asked one of the teller inside why it was removed and she told me because there are many other ways to deposit the money instead and they don't have to staff tellers there anymore.  Guess it can be good and bad at the same time.  They still have a armed security guard standing outside the entrance. These folks are friendly. The bank is clean. Security officer is friendly. ATMs are conveniently located. So happy that they are also near my new home. "I am not surprised at all to see a poor rating and other negative reviews discussing how long it takes to receive service.  I've been going here for years and I can tell you that you almost always have to stand in a long winding line.  God forbid you actually need a service such as a notary.. They look at you like you have a third eye on your forehead and ask what time your appointment was scheduled for... (Of course you knew you needed to schedule an appointment to have something as simple as a notary right?) Try doing as they request and actually calling the main phone number for this branch to schedule an appointment..  It is a complete joke and you will never speak to a person.     I just left after making the mistake (for the last time) of going to the bank for a notary again-six or seven employees were available 