One of the best hole in the wall bbq places you might find. Prices are pretty reasonable. Bring Cash. Small plate for $7something will get you about 5 huge ribs. It comes with bread too. A large plate is 10 and it is probably huge.  They tend to be packed on the weekend but its a god place to get it and go. warning- you might get messy. The collard greens are amazing as well. They have sweet potatoe pie from time to time... if you are going to the Mattress Factory - make this your after stop! They don't take debit or credit cards. Cash Only!"  go back again. I crave the ribs and it's only been 4 days since I was there for the first time." Definitely worth a visit." Let's just say I every so often get a craving for Wilson's BBQ  the decor is nothing to write home about. But there are a few tables. Most of the business when we were there was take-out  the spicy sauce is really spicy.  The location is nice to grab something for a tailgate party.  Never disappointed  it's nice to know that I can walk in through an old screen door and be slapped in the face with a stiff breeze of smoking pork... without having to worry about anyone selling me small portion size Ribs were so fresh and fool of smoke loved it. Sauce is home made got the mixed had just the rite bite to it.  the smoky aroma of ribs cooking greets you!  The ribs were delish but not as crazy about the sides.  I usually love collard greens and cole slaw with my ribs but the greens were too salty and the cole slaw was nothing special.  Also missing corn bread!  But the ribs are among the best in the Burgh. Only did take out...small place for any large group."  we were quite pleased with the quality and amount of food that we received for the price that we paid (around $16).  Make no mistake: Wilson's is a hole in the wall Simply the best ribs you can find in Pittsburgh. Also make sure to get an order of greens with your take out order Simply the best ribs you can find in Pittsburgh. Also make sure to get an order of greens with your take out order  but I was too hungry to walk away from the amazing smell that surrounds this place for about three blocks. Ok so glad I didn't let the total lack of ambiance or AC turn me off! The people are great and the BBQ and macaroni salad are the best I've ever had. I didn't even know I could eat a half a chicken "I have grown up on Wilson's ribs and chicken and have always loved it. Today I stopped by and was not disappointed. The hot sauce is exactly how I've remembered it. The ribs fell off the bone. The potato salad is amazing  unreliable availability with his products. He offered to reserve some for me until it was done cooking and then when I returned on time he had already sold it. I was excited to try it for the first time but won't waste my effort in the future if this is how customer service is handled. There are other BBQ places that actually have food to serve." My favorite place in Pittsburgh for ribs! The smoky flavor and especially the barbecue sauce are what makes me return time and time again! Awesome place.  My husband loves their ribs and I love their chicken.  It is so close and convient to get to.  Favorite place to go for the smokey flavor. Great neighborhood joint for ribs. The ribs are tender and smoky. The hot sauce is actually quite spicy but delicious! Diabetics stay away from the lemonade." You'd be doing yourself a terrible injustice to sleep on this one as I had........" Two words...... Keep Driving!" RIB TIPS didnt have taste  and desert! One of the best Mac and Cheese cook's in the southeast! Not much to look at on the outside The have some of the best ribs and rib tips in Charlotte. Tea and lemonade made fresh. "I work in Charlotte and I like to eat at Bodricks whenever  I'm in the area at lunch time. The BBQ sandwich That is what I MISS from Chicago!" "Bodricks BBQ is permanently CLOSED!!   I frequent Statesville Rd. weekly and in the last 3 to 4 months ps  If you want a throwback to the early days of the Internet i had the cherry lemon sun drop too and it was great. i had the 1 4 dunken chicken plate and onion rings. and my hubby had the minced meat sandwich. the chicken was the best fried chicken i have had but i dont normally like fried chicken. the onion rings were real crunchy but they dont make it as leftovers so if you dont finish them throw them away. they have no tables so you eat in your car. kinda like a sonic were you pull up and order. so dont wear nice clothes or bring the nice car to eat. they only take cash but have a atm back in the kitchen. If you are in charlotte and you can only choose one place to have lunch... THIS IS IT!" cpxwd_iFG3Oh1LUMJn0rOQ  having grown up on the West Side. Simply put Bar- B - Q King has some of the best burgers and rings in the city and I've tried them all  I don't think they take plastic - so make sure you have cash on hand before you go."  slow cooked North Carolina barbecue.  The sandwich overall was ever so slightly more typical of NC BBQ than what I received from Mac's (which was very overcooked and completely lacked flavor)  I surely would understand. Service and Cheeseburgers are good though. And most importantly The best part was the fact that they put pickles on every thing. But I don't eat pickles." Be sure to tip the guys that bring your food out the car!"  very thin breading and super crunchy. I'm thinking about going back for some more rings. The lemon cherry sundrop is worth trying as well. $11.20 for 1 2 chicken - yes - I'd stop by readily for a 2nd helping of the fried chicken" Final note: go for the fried chicken but go elsewhere for your 'cue fix." Great dive place.  Heart attack on a plate.  Lotsa of tasty greasy fattening food.  Loved the chicken bbq and the onion rings.  If you are into  Americana Service was friendly and it was an all around great experience.  They don't take credit cards but they so have an atm on site (that charges you $2 transaction fee).  Not too far off Interstate 77 so if you are driving through Charlotte take exit 9C and stop on in for a real BBQ treat."  you better go there. Make sure you bring Cash with you because Credit Cards are not allowed."   is the workers. They always recognize their regulars with a friendly hello. And to the person who said their tea was too small  because Bar-B-Q King will never see me again! I'll spend my hard earned money where the food and service are better." "I finally got around to trying Bar-B-Q King.  The weather was pretty nice so it was a good day for a drive in.  I always try to keep an open mind when eating at a place for the first time which can be tough after reading reviews about the place.  I ordered BBQ plate which comes with 2 sides.  I got fries and slaw.  My visit was on a Saturday between noon and 1 pm.  The place seemed pretty busy with about 50% of the stalls occupied.  It took a little while to get my food  definitely check it out. The BBQ chicken is great!" cpxwd_iFG3Oh1LUMJn0rOQ No credit cards accepted here."  lacked flavor and was served on a soggy bun. I really wanted to like this place especially after seeing it on Drive-Ins  juicy and the sauce was awesome. The sandwich had a wonderful smoked flavor and meet was tender and cooked to perfection. The charm was eating in the car and using the 50 year old speaker system to order. I didn't understand a  word the order taker said  leave the credit cards in the wallet  but with cherry syrup...I've never had it anywhere else. (I'm very sheltered  it's FIRM. But sticky and chewy and tasty. It just feels like something you shouldn't eat more than once a year They might have been great 30 or 20 years ago and I saw people eating this  this ... I do not know what it is its not food nor BBQ.Health Department must feel sorry for them any other place they would close done"  that is submerged and soaked in their homemade westen Carolina style bbq sauce thats the perfect combination of savory and tangy. You'll need plenty of napkins and beverage while devouring this bird. Cash only  IMO.  And I was furious about having to get out of my car to hit up the ATM to pay for my food.  And the car hop literally said to me ""Yo "I've been going to BBQ King since i was very young. Some of the best BBQ Chicken you'll find in Charlotte. If you like granola or are watching your weight Not the worlds greatest BBQ chicken (sorry Guy). It was good. Very vinegary. Second price got soggy and the crust is only good when crisp. If I am back down in that area I will try the regular fried chicken.One thing that really bothered me what the car hop hovering for a tip. "What can you say...it's an institution and you don't go changing a classic like this. Pork sandwiches  we coulda used the speaker to call someone to fix it (and for $17.85 for a drive-in lunch The food was greasy. BBQ sauce wasn't good at all. I went to try out their restaurant because the food looked good on triple Ds. Turned out the food wasn't worth the drive BBQ chicken. Best in Charlotte. Bring a bib---or turn your cape around.  but the cheap Hunt's ketchup was not an asset.  The fries are good and definitely worth gracing with Heinz ketchup. the hush puppies were nothing to write home about. I like something added to my hush puppy like onion. The onion rings were of the flour variety with the fried casing kept falling off.  I prefer the crunchy cornmeal type. They are closed Sunday and Monday "YUM...this is a charlotte classic! :) great fast drive-in old school food. hear their fried chicken is amazing. i always get a burger and fries and some of their delightfully delish onion rings!! they also make cherry lemon sundrop which my boyfriend is very greatful for ... really yummy kWu40gmqucU7fCPOeVMMsQ  attitude all of it and the food is amazing." Drove by this place a bunch of times heading back to the airport in Charlotte and today had some time and decided to give it a try.  Old school drive-in type service and only take cash (there's an ATM inside).  I had the BBQ Chicken which is essentially fried chicken dipped in BBQ sauce.  It was awesome....vinegar-based sauce and the meat was super moist and tender.  They serve fries and coleslaw with it...but you don't need to eat that - just focus on the chicken!  Will stop by again next time in town. cpxwd_iFG3Oh1LUMJn0rOQ  you can order from your car  the guy demanding a tip put a bad taste in my mouth."  don't ask for a tip. i worked as a food server for many years; and rule #1 is never ever ask for a tip. tips are earned! as for the food Here's a tip: Don't eat here unless you like good ""ASS"" BBQ (unless you're into that sort of thing).  The chicken was ""meh"" My experience was simple but excellent. As long as I can continue to get food and service like that I'll keep suggesting that  others' do so as well." Would I recommend BBQ King?  It was unique enough that with full disclosure yes.  Would I go back again?  Only if I was going with someone who had never been before.  As I said It's definitely worth the trip  they will go limp quickly. As another reviewer described the sauce: it is a combo between bbq sauce and wing sauce - kinda bummed that it was not solid bbq sauce."  is very old school and gives it a fun feeling. The servers are always smiling and seemingly happy. If 'diners drive-ins and dives' says its a good as I say Only next time I will ask for more sauce and pickles!" If you have a $20.00 bill and a hungry appetite for Southern style BBQ this is definitely the place for you. I will definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys a vinger based BBQ sauce." "If you crave some greasey spoon food at a drive-in style spot not near anything I'm leaving California and moving into the parking lot. "We just love to eat at locations featured on the Triple D food show. I have never been excited about the vinegar style NC BBQ but this was delicious.  I had the BBQ chicken Dinner.  Hot  I this review is written with that in mind. The sandwich was topped by finely chopped slaw and was actually really good. They also offered me BBQ sauce on the side which was also pretty good. The fries were bland and nothing special but ok. The Coke however ... Was. Freaking. Awesome!  It had just the right bite to it and tasted amazing. All in all it wasn't the best I've ever had but was certainly good for what it was and was exactly what I ordered despite not being confident that I placed it correctly. I do recommend stopping in if you are in the area." CRISPY CHICKEN Thats all I have to say!" I would make a return trip if in the Charlotte area and had a hankering for some BBQ FRIED CHICKEN and a Drive-In experience!!"  to remind me of & even surpass my hometown drive-in that looks much the same (Na-Bers The service inside was just as friendly as that which we received upon arrival and that alone is reason for me to hit this place up again next time I'm on my way to from the airport." "Triple d came here????? oh my word it was horrible! From the neighbor""HOOD"" in which it was located to the car hops being recruited from homeless shelters this place is definitely not worth returning to. If you choose to ignore my advice bring your gun I don't think the armed guard shows up until 8pm and try the onion rings they are the best thing I ate."  the neighborhood is suspect.  Service was good and I liked the potato salad.  Baked beans were from the can.  Drive up was good and service was super fast." Family owned and operated."  do it.  It's awesome.  Bring cash!"  and roll were not with the calories. Don't forget to bring cash as that is the only currency that is allowed. The service was excellent and very responsive." "This place was not so good. The onion on the burger was too strong and the burger did not taste good. The BBQ chicken was just ok. This place was old and I will definitely not be going back. Very disappointed with Diners Go here for the experience before it's gone." "Decided to give BBQ King a try after seeing it on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives. I was really wanting to like this place. It looked cool on the show and the fried BBQ chicken was supposed to be the best. Complete failure the moment we arrived. I pressed the button on the 1950s speaker system to order and the lady snapped on the other side was about as rude as rude gets. ""I can't hear you"" in a rude hateful voice. I wondered if I was in Charlotte or NYC. I had to contain myself from pulling her through that speaker system. Wow lady "Best bbq fried chicken I've ever had. If you dont want your chicken over sauced then just order the fried chicken and have the bbq sauce on the side for dipping. Bbq pork was yummy and pulled pork style. Onion rings were fresh "I live with in walking distance so I am a regular. Food is fine Notes:  Great service.  Fast.  Friendly.  Easy to find.  Good value.  Cash only." "I give this a five star rating only for the chicken which was excellent quality and great sauce. The cole slaw was also very good. Though we didn't taste everything Come here for the notoriety of being on the Food network and also the friendliness and quick staff." Cole slaw was great.  Didn't eat the french fries." Stop here for a great meal and awesome memories." They still have the 60's drive-in style (similar to sonic). You can put your order in while sitting in your car and they will bring the food out. Coolio." As seen on TV!   This place has an authentic feel to it as the owner of the business comes out to greet you and really talks up his place.  The BBQ is tender and the sauce is mildly spicy.  Good home cooked ff and hush puppies with slaw that compliments the bbq nicely!   Yum!  I'll be back here again and again! "What a great place! We were taking pics and one of the guys came out and told use to go over here and over here and inside for the best pictures Just do it. Enjoy it and I promise you will not be mad at yourself."  but what I have tried has been outstanding. The bbq sauce on the chicken is freaking awesome and the chicken is fried perfectly I'll try again in time and choose a different platter."  I would go back often!  Great food and friendly people!"  that BBQ Fried Chicken is amazing. It stays crispy even while slathered in tangy BBQ sauce. I can't string the words together that'll do justice to this culinary masterpiece. I love BBQ and I love fried chicken and I have become some what of an aficionado so yeah I ordered fried fish with fries and coleslaw. My brother got pulled pork with onion rings and coleslaw; it also came with two hushpuppies. You also get a bread roll. The food was okay cpxwd_iFG3Oh1LUMJn0rOQ  I'm willing to go back and give them another chance.  They may have been having a bad day so we're willing to go back. So for now Food was meh. People behind the counter were not very friendly - very courteous but all business - no smiles. I didn't realize that it was ONLY drive up - no place to sit and eat - had to take my food with me to go to the airport so in fairness - probably was somewhat part of why the food was only OK tasting. It came highly recommended so maybe I just had a fluke experience. Coming here was a great experience. Very old school. Drive up and order by pushing a button on a box then wait for them to deliver the food to your car window. This place is awesome and has become a must when in the Charlotte area. If you are flying in to the Charlotte airport it is only 5 minutes from there."  I would have appreciated a courteous thank you for waiting. Customers loved to be acknowledged for the extra time that they are PAYING you for. I'm not asking for a discount or a free drink but a simple thank you for waiting wouldn't hurt. Loyal customers who?"  which I had on my first 2 visits. On the visit I got the west side burger and onion rings. One of the best burgers I've ever had and the rings are great  came down from NY to visit a friend at Wake Forest so we ventured over o Charlotte for a day and boy was this good. Chicken "I hit lunch here about once a month (a bit of a drive from work) and have always went with their famous BBQ dipped fried chicken platter. However I mixed it up and went with 2 of their hot dogs ""Carolina Style"" and I have say  and the bbq sauce has a subtle flavor that compliments the chicken perfectly. Also "The BBQ fried chicken is amazing and completely lived up to all the excellent reviews.  I stopped here on my way back to Ohio I was impressed by the downhome feel of the place.. Really enjoyed the drinks.. Made the old-fashioned way. Food is always fresh and hot and flavorful. I was only disappointed once and that was a burger. The chicken is always good! If I were ever in Charlotte again  I picked up some ribs and chicken to go.  I didn't try the pork but the ribs were full and meaty and the chicken had a great flavor to it.  Like Tony  yellow slaw and potato salad are very fresh as well.  What I like are the people.  The servers never let your glass get more than half empty.  The Sweet tea is just sweet enough.  The staff is extremely attentive.  The place is clean. Lots of great pictures on the walls of travelers wearing Bubba T-shirts.  The bathrooms are clean and the men's room even accommodates the big boys."  I stop here nearly everytime.  I lived in Raleigh for a number of years and fell in love with NC BBQ.  Normally you get a tomato based version in western NC The BBQ was cold and dry.  It just wasn't that good.  I'll give Bubba Miller one more chance because he has satisfied my craving for Eastern NC BBQ Do not think I will be back ... just a warning if you go to Bubbas do not keep it to simple and please please do not make the order very complicated. They may ask you where the food came from?"  sides had little to no flavor.  place was empty  but I'm usually there to grab a quick bite of 'cue and if I'm in the need of a major sugar rush - a sweet tea." Make sure to check out the men's room (men and women alike) as Bubba As a real southern cookin noob'  and there simply aren't that many decent NC style barbecue choices in the Charlotte area. You can do much worse than eat a meal or two here."  southern feel to the it. Just for the environment I would recommend it. I'm not so sure about the food though; I can tell you that the coleslaw I'll definitely be stopping in once and awhile for more." "The person I interviewed in Charlotte brought me there so that I could taste a good old North Carolina barbecue. All I can say is thank you. This place is just cool and the food is delicious. The only thing is that you will feel heavy for the next 3 hours. But other than that  very good. Bubba is a nice guy and very friendly.  The service is fast and nice.  The prices are very fair.  I really love this place."  simple home cooking with pride in the end result.   It's all about the meat; the sauces are optional.  The sides were delicious too; the green beans were flavorful and mustard based cole slaw a twist on an old traditional dish.  Lots of dinner options; something  for everyone.  You'll leave happy and wanting to return!" If I were a local I'd definitely be a regular."  we stopped by to grab a bite on the way home.   We had both heard people rave about how wonderful Bubba's is... so our expectations were pretty high.  I had the BBQ Chicken 7FZ9597M9LhHXGbBD-0VFg Semi secret and not too bad. Had a combo platter because I wanted some fried chicken too and I thought the whole deal was pretty solid. Hush puppies weren't as good as Lexington's but the pork was moist and the chicken was great. Awesome eastern Carolina BBQ.  Love the sauce and Brunswick stew!  along with coleslaw and baked beans. My girlfriend ordered the fish along with fries and baked beans. My pulled pork had no barbecue on it nor did it come with any barbecue at all  if this was around the corner it would crush Rocklands my local BBQ chain." BBQ cooked with electric - finished over wood. Delicious! Great service.  I think it is a matter of personal preference.  This experience scared us out of any further tries for barbecue while in Charlotte.  We will save it for our next trip that takes us to Raleigh and points east." The staff is always friendly and attentive and I really like the comical signs that they have outside.  I'd recommend this place for fried chicken and good sides I'm no barbeque expert but this food plain didn't taste good.  Ribs were laced with so much fat I couldn't even bite through them.  Hush puppies were the bright spot.  They used to serve a kick ass sweet potato pie with soft serve but that's no longer on the menu.  The restaurant was completely empty and a man I believe to be the owner was a little too friendly with us lingering at our table for a couple of awkward exchanges.  I wanted to love it but I couldn't. Sorry bubba's... wanted to give you a better rating  but that's where it ends. The kids menu was abysmal and my wife's chicken sandwich look like a lunchable. That just goes to say if you not ordering BBQ ribs and chicken then what's the point of going. On another note I'm from NJ and was told by some friends that I need to have East Carolina BBQ. Well I was not disappointed. This place was great. Service was even better. I will be visiting again next time I am in town.  it doesn't compare favorably to some of the other places in town. If I'm in that neighborhood again I might stop in and give it another shot "Called for delivery and was told they were closed though Yelp said they were open. Either they're wrong or Yelp is  I won't go out of my way to eat here again.  Better Q out there for sure.  But if there at the suggestion of others in a group "Cooles Restaurant mit dem besten Pulled Pork was ich je gegessen habe !! Nette Bedienung  fries and slaw.  The food was really good -- not the best BBQ I'd ever had -- but fast and convenient and just what we wanted to eat.  The price was reasonable and the iced tea flowed freely.  I spoke to the owner afterwards who was very welcoming and appreciated our business (very nice!)  He said they mainly catered to their regular locals First impression blah blah blah.....I'm doubtful that I'll go back.  I'll be sure to take the detour and go to Lancasters next Friday."  you need a makeover. You're giving NC BBQ a bad rep."  and chime bone was not cut off of the rib. Hush puppies and potato salad for good.  BBQ was also good Like i said.  Good lunch spot.  Will come back though next time Im thinking ribs."  and they would not let 18 people sit and eat. Their policy  is "" no teams"".  We had 6 high school girls and 12 parents.  The hostess politely  said they have had teams cause problems.  Well as i walk in waitress greeted me shows me to a seat i say kool wheres the rest room. i go in their and their is a urnil about 10 to 11 feet in air above normal size with sign pointed up saying men & down saying boys i laughed.I go backed to my seat sweet tea waiting for me waitress ask me what im having We will be back very happy customers" I have eaten a lot of great NC & SC BBQ. If Bubba's was in Goldsboro or Wilson they would be out of business." I should have known not to go in. The place was empty. I got the ribs. I am not an expert but I didn't see the smoky color. The biggest problem was that the meat was under cooked. My girlfriend remembered it from 20+ years ago and we ended buying a T-shirt "Don't waste your time.  Poor service I come here often and get lunch togo. I love their BBQ sandwich and fries. The BBQ is always cooked perfectly. It's never full of grit or fat and it has just a hint of smokiness to it. They don't go crazy with the flavor or seasoning but that's how I believe proper cooked meat should be. The people who work the counter are friendly and efficient. Also it only takes 5 minutes (or less) for me to get my food and go on my way. I'd suggest finding bbq elsewhere." This place will go on my travel list as I pass through or have business on Charlotte. Good value "Very average. The owner came out and challenged my husband to take some childish ""man or boy"" test in the men's bathroom. Guy wouldn't stop talking to us. Food was mediocre. Will not go back simply because the owner wouldn't leave us alone to eat. He was very weird--asked personal questions that were none of his business. The other staff were great "This is one of the most legit BBQ spots in the Charlotte area. If you don't like eating whole hog on a crappy cafeteria tray My Wife and I are in town and decided to stop in here for takeout.  The BBQ is a bit bland and we watched them heat mine up in a microwave.  The coleslaw had too much mustard and was very tangy. Best part of my meal was the chicken tenders and potato salad.  Best part of my Wife's meal was tasting off my plate. All the awards on the walls were from the early 2000s. This place may be well past it's prime! "I can't believe all the negative reviews. I've been eating at Bubbas' for years and the food is always top notch. Best Eastern  we bought two points to bring up north with us and share with her friends. Can't wait to come back on our next drive through the area" Yuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmoooo!! Adorable decor..kinda like you're at a school cafeteria table..down to the plates!! Pork Bbq was on point! Both sauces delish! Slaw yuuuum potato salad soooo yum and the hush puppies..what what!! I will be back! Pecan pie destroyed!! Sooo good!! So full!! Delicious lunch while traveling.  The barbecue was delicious!  Loved the sauce and the people were friendly and attentive.  he wouldn't stop talking about whether my dad had gone into the correct bathroom or not.  He was obviously trying to make some kind of joke about the bathroom situation in HB2 but it was ill-conceived at best and not funny at all  and red checkered table clothes on the tables. The food is wonderful - the smoky aroma hits you as soon as you walk in the door. The half rack was delicious. The sauce is a traditional red FYI - Jon of Smokey Jon's has won BBQ competitions all over the US.  His BBQ grill is a huge pink pig that he hauls on the back of his truck to competitions.  Jon also is a huge big nice looking man.  He knows his BBQ probably from first hand experience."  and I love every delicious mouthful." * just a note--parking in the ""lot"" is super sparse and hard to navigate in and out of...the only drawback!" So it was worth it!  YAY!!!" BBQ: Great! Picture on the outside of the building of a pig eating his own ribs: Disturbing!  we scoured the city in search of decent bbq to no avail. I'm moving back in August and now know at least 3 places where I will be dining in that first week. This is one of them and I look forward to it. It just unfortunate that it's on a street named after the Packers... boo. Go Bears ;)" Overall a very satisfying experience and I would definitely go back!"  very long time - perhaps ever. I especially liked the end portions of the slab that somehow dodged the sauce and were on the  tougher side (think jerky). That alone was fantastic. Unfortunately  the meat practically falls off the bone and is so tender!! The pulled pork sandwich is equally delicious and the serving size is more than generous. The sweet bisquits are a nice way to end the meal "I may be a little biased since I've grown up on these ribs but damn it if these aren't great ribs I have no clue what are.  Got off the plane and the first thing on my mind is ribs.  It's right next to the airport.  Even if you are there for a layover just take a cab up the street and get yourself a full slab of pork ribs with two sides for only 20 bucks.  That's enough food for 3 people folks.  If you ain't keen on sharing with your nasty "BEST SWEET MEAT IN MADISON! The sauce is unique and fantastic with tiny onion pieces in it contributing a bite to the sweetness of the base with it's slight tang. The meat is prepared exactly how you'd expect--falling off the bone with a slight resistance. I'd kill for these ribs! ...I'm serious... For take out  worth a try and probably one of the better BBQs as far as Madison goes.  While it doesn't get the full star ride from me We ordered the ribs and brisket sandwich. The best part is the sauce. I wish I brought home a bottle of sauce. I will definately go back if I'm ever in Madison again!!" I got off a plane starving after a long business weekend and I could not eat the ribs that were served because the tips were burnt and more like chewing tobacco than ribs. I wouldn't mention the sides because that is not why you go to these places  I will keep coming here for the delicious BBQ." "I've had BBQ all over the country but the sauce here is my kind of flavor. The meat is so tender and juicy it hardly needs sauce  who must have been the manager then asked the unseen Forrest what was going on with the damn sugar fried biscuits and then said he was going to give back the money for the biscuits. That's really an extra step in fixing a slight problem in an otherwise small kink."  Smoky Jon's has the best ribs in town. Trust me Best BBQ in Madison.  Hands down.  Only loses a star for consistently messing up take-out orders and not being up to par compared to places in the south. Wtf!!! Superb!!!! 1/2 rack w beans and Apple sauce!! In Wisconsin!! No wonder they won all the awards!! Ask for the G.A.D's!! Wish they had this in Cali!  I went twice so that I could have both the ribs AND the brisket :) )"  but I loved the bbq sauce. Baked beans were delicious!" HLWtNcf3l-wKb6v9duteMQ No alcoholic beverages... (that's why 4 stars)."  everything I've tried!" Looking forward to going back for the ribs and chopped pork."  but sauce was a little too sweet.  Review was so close to 4 stars but the corn was cooked in margarine. Really?  Margarine?  C'mon you're in Wisconsin."  beans...you get the idea. The restaurant is a little small but the service was amazing. Watching my family eat was almost as good as the food 1/2 slab and pork shoulder with sugar fried biscuits and garlic mashed potatoes. We need one of these in Philadelphia. The BBQ was so tender and flavorful.  Sides were good but not as amazing as the meat. Will definitely be back to try the brisket before I head back east. The restaurant itself is small and cramped but the food is worth it. The beef brisket and pork shoulder are fairly average."  but if you've had real bbq somewhere like memphis  EVERY time. I think that the fact that Jon worked there then made the difference. Since he retired  and the atmosphere is perfect.  We will be going back sooner rather than later."  which was quickly brought out to me.  Eating in looks like it would be fun." "This is the best BBQ in Madison.  There are no challengers.  Comparing this to Famous Daves is like comparing a Caribou Burger to MacDonalds.  Not to say that MacDonalds/Famous Daves are necessarily BAD Great Sauce.  Great baked beans.  Great pork sandwich. AXz26iQxhQQF7FFCkDNJ6w I now know what you get when you pray to baby Jesus... these ribs. SO GOOD!!!!!!! kLJsqZ3nwA3DBRd0tmBR_A  and I can honestly say that Smoky Jon's is the best I've ever had!!  It is a must have anytime you are near Madison." There is a reason this place has won awards for its BBQ. Excellent. Delicious. Great service. Secondary note: you can pick up their sauce at Woodman's to put on everything."  the employee who dropped the food off was very courteous and made sure to give us clear instructions on everything. We also visited here prior to our wedding and I shared the whole rack of ribs with my daughter and my husband had gotten the rotisserie chicken  I liked the style of the place. It is a hole in the wall without man tables. I like that and recommend everyone to head there."  you must try them! My major mistake was getting a 1/3 slab."  would defiantly go back if i was in the area I'm astounded by the reviewers who prefer the likes of  Brickhouse BBQ or Famous Dave's to Smoky Jon's and can only assume that they have never had real Kansas City or Texas barbeque.  If you want authentic barbeque The checkered tablecloths and roll of paper towels on each table complete the experience." They offer several sides and the ones we sampled were all above par. The place is adorned with ""Best Of"" plaques and I can see why." "My husband and I tried Smoky's for the first time a few weeks ago after checking out the new Ale Asylum location. I used to live in an apartment complex not far from Smoky's and always meant to try it and never did. I can't believe it took me this long! It was awesome. I've traveled in the south a bit so I think I can tell good bbq  when I taste it (even though I'm a Wisconsin native) and this was the real deal. I had the pork dinner (not sure if that's how it's listed on the menu) which included their pork shoulder and ribs along with 2 sides (I had the corn and beans). It was A LOT of food. Next time I'll stick to either just ribs or just a pork sandwich. My husband had ribs and beef brisquet. He couldn't stop raving. The restaurant is small and was full when we showed up shortly before closing time. A table opened up quickly though. They started mopping up as we were eating (which the staff had graciously ""warned"" us about) but it didn't take away from the delicious food. Hopefully it doesn't take as long as at did for my first visit to get there a second time." Hidden deal- Order the combo to get the best bang for your buck" I'd give it a solid 4 stars." Tucked away on the north side of Madison. I've driven past it thousands of times but went there yesterday on a recommendation from a friend of mine who knows his BBQ. Soooooo gooooooood. I had the pork shoulder sandwich. The baked beans were pure flavor country. I wish everything I ate from here on out could be drizzled in that BBQ sauce. Service was pretty quick and the prices were not bad either. I'll be coming back again. My awesome partner Chuck brought me takeout the other night. Delicious. We had some ribs and pulled pork sandwiches. Love the BBQ sauce. Potato salad was awesome also! Wish we had some good BBQ in Illinois!  so don't expect to find any open spaces around lunch or dinner time. You'll have better luck parking on one of the residential streets behind the joint." I was very excited as I entered and saw all the plaques and trophies. I ordered the ribs and brisket expecting I'd order again. I was somewhat disappointed after my first bite. The sauce was a bit too sweet and the meat kinda dry. I was hoping this is going to be my barbecue place in Madison but I guess I have to keep on looking. HLWtNcf3l-wKb6v9duteMQ Should have gotten the pulled pork."  there would have been plenty of leftovers as the portions are plentiful. I definitely did not leave hungry." Located near the Oscar Mayer factory on Packer road.  Definitely worth a visit.  We will definitely be back when we head back to Madison in the fall."  you can park on the side road (Manley St)  off of Packers Ave." ok food but most of it is frozen or canned and the ribs gave me the shits.  while the other woman ran back and forth with bags and bags of food. What kind of restaurant is this? It's such a weird sight in a restaurant: one girl running another girl standing.  But at least I know she put my ticket into the kitchen. Someone fucked up in the kitchen; someone threw away my ticket. I will not be coming back and will not be sending any friends and family here either. For all the awards the place gets and all its years of being in business "My precious little brother has been going on about Smoky Jon's for some time now and we finally made a trip that allowed us to head on into this fabulous establishment!  I couldn't quite decide what I wanted so I went with my usual BBQ joint pick - pork sandwich!  I opted for the potato salad and beans on the side.  My entire plate of food was delicious and I'd absolutely come back again.  The only thing I didn't love was my husbands chopped beef sandwich - but  and (for freshly-made BBQ) the service is usually quick."  if you've been doing the House of Cards thing and want that BBQ experience but you don't live in the south Definitely go for the ribs. The brisket is good. Chicken could be better. The sides are hit or miss. We got take-out since the seating is limited. It's also pretty loud there Great BBQ! Excellent customer service. Place is really busy at lunch time so prepare to stand in line.  he is so picky. The baked beans were some of the better beans we've had. The pickles were like grandma made.  The BBQ chicken & ribs were tasty. I liked the grilled pineapple side.  Our only negative comment would be we had to wait a while for server to bring more ice tea. They were very busy.  Generous portions"  the #1 BBQ just about every year in the national championship isn't in TX Awesome BBQ! Great price for great food! Best in Madison. I highly recommend the garlic mashed potatoes and sugar fried biscuits! I got the pulled pork and loved the sauce. Sauce was slightly sweet with a great balance of hers and spices. Service was LIGHTNING fast and extremely friendly. I wish we ha this kind of place down in Chicago! Thumbs up to an 8.95 sandwich platter that includes two sides and fills me up like no other. Seriously. The amount of food. The quality. That sauce! Go grab yourself a brisket sammie with corn and fries. You'll thank me tomorrow. "The ribs are the best BBQ in Madison by far and have never disappointed in many visits. The rest of the menu is inconsequential -- trust me The food really lives up to its record-setting reputation. I'll be back in moderation so as not to clog my pipes up."  it's best to get it to go.  I had the 1/2 rack of Ribs platter which came with Garlic Mashed Potatoes and a side salad.  The platter was served with a roll as well.  The size of the side salad was great and it even had different lettuce types and carrot matchsticks.  The Garlic Mashed was very tasty but there wasn't a lot - perhaps a small ice cream scoop (like  a little bit more pricey than some others.  Very good ribs.  Served with a lot of sauce which I wiped off a bit to find the ribs with a pleasantly smoky taste. Very tender.  Service was mediocre  and the food definitely deserves best in Madison (or the universe).  Patanne (the lovely lady who took our order) was friendly and made us feel right at home.  We will be back."  and the fried sweet rolls melt in your mouth. They basically the best beignets I have ever had. I stop here almost every time on my way to the airport." WwoOOW!  It is really that good here!  If u don't stop u are missing out BIG TIME!  Great food! I assume Smoky Jon's had an off-day when I was there because they really get great user reviews."  I saw they added mac and cheese to the menu (uuhhhhhh yummmm) but I don't know if I can bear to part with one of my other sides to try it. I'll just have to make my boyfriend order double biscuits instead." This is definitely one of my favorite places in Madtown." When I only ordered sandwiches I was doing it all wrong. The way to go is to get a half chicken and the 1/3 slab combo with brisket. Insane amount of food? Yes. Worth getting to try all the best parts of the menu? Yes!  it was tasty. Mac 'n cheese is ok. Pork and brisket sandwichs are AWESOME. Definitely coming back!!!" It may look like a hole-in-the-wall but it has 5-star food!"  I read the reviews and thought this would be impressive. Nothing could be farther from the truth! The dude at the counter appeared annoyed that we interrupted him yesterday We will not be returning."  so show up early (or late!)" The cabin style interior holds 11 tables and is very close to the Madison airport. The actual BBQ pit is located a few miles away from the restaurant. So grab your dental floss and wet naps and eat some authentic BBQ at Smoky Jon's!"  had a nice smoke ring and was easily pulled apart with fingers.  In other words it was tender and not dry at all.  Much better than the first time I visited.  My only complaint would be they put sauce on the brisket.  I prefer sauce on the side because good barbeque doesn't need sauce and this brisket didn't need sauce."  but I would agree with a few that have said it's not the best they have had.  I how ever can see why many have said it's great.  Madison lacks good BBQ so it was refreshing to see a place putting out nice Ribs   service was great and very attentive.  Highly recommend Smoky Jon's and will be visiting again soon." HLWtNcf3l-wKb6v9duteMQ  possibly the best BBQ ever. I will for sure stop by every time I'm in Madison."  great atmosphere. Get there a little early for lunch because the dining area is small."  but that's ok because I came for the ribs. I wish I could be regular Smoky Jon's customer  the ribs were tender with the right amount of sauce on top (a glorious tangy sweet marriage between my palate and that sauce) This meal was fine as frog hair!!!!!!!!"  but fell way short on the prep/handling end. Place was very clean and smelled delicious." Ok I travel all over and eat lots of BBQ! This place is below average at best.... suggestion is for the owner to visit a few BBQ places in other parts of the country and revisit what BBQ is really about. YES! THE BBQ is  quality if you have nothing to compair to. STAFF WAS VERY FRIENDLY! Thank you.  but it's hard to justify if the quality isn't even close. I realize there will always be slight variations...that's what makes BBQ great. But the incredible inconsistency here kills it for me."  or do you think he knows he's unintentionally advocating porcine cannibalism?" HLWtNcf3l-wKb6v9duteMQ "This place is great and very authentic. The sauce is so yummy...no wonder they sell bottles of it! I just wish the sides were a bit bigger. I was also expecting cornbread  I will continue to frequent another establishment.  However  this place was fantastic. I didn't know bbq could be this good this far north. Their brisket sandwich was amazing and I'm eager to go back and try something else! A must go to if you have a bbq craving."  wi.  not the best BBQ i've ever had but it will do.  and the prices aren't too bad either"  but good for a northern town. But beware you don't get the sauce he wins awards for. The ribs can be very inconsistent as they are prepared only 2 or three times a week. They can be juicy and delicious or dry and terrible. I like the sandwiches... always great and a bargain. STEAK Fries! ALWAYS FRESH... THIS IS HOW FRIES SHOULD BE DONE PEOPLE. The sauce is sweet and tangy and made with a white onion. I like it. So while it's not southern by any means Great BBQ. Packed little bbq joint with awards all over the walls. About 8 tables. Come early or you won't get a table. Attentive waitstaff. I got the smoked sliced beef brisket dinner. Huge portions of meat. Left full for about 17$. That included 2 sides and a soft drink. I will be back. It's not the most amazing bbq I've ever had but it's definitely great and close by.  and reasonable prices. I'll be back when my next BBQ craving hits." Thank Jon! I highly recommend folks to swing by and grab some ribs. Try their takeout This is the only place I will go for BBQ in Madison now. It beats Chili's Decor: love the little building! Definitely something very laid back although I was a little disappointed that all the food was on paper plates  WI! The brisket is better than Texas. The sauce is legendary and the ribs make me cry from joy." The motif is casual country. Come prepared to spill sauce and juice on yourself  but the ribs were fall of the bone delicious! We will definitely be back again  brisket or chopped pork sandwiches. Their sides are the best ALL of them!!"  whether dine in or carryout. I would give 5 stars if the place wasn't  closed on Mondays but closed on a different day. :)"  bbq sauce so good you could drink it!  Totally going back here!"  the dining area is tiny and they will kick you out when your done to make room for others. Good to go options for a quick i'm back! damn good bbq!! I'm glad I was able to get my boyfriend to come with this time around. I'm always talking about this place everywhere I go. "Very good BBQ. When you pull into parking lot there are few spaces available. Once you get inside the restaurant you smell the food you are about to eat. Everything we had was awesome - chopped brisket Baked beans and fries were great and can't wait to try some other food on the menu. ...."  with a little kick to them. Jon himself went table to table checking in with customers ... a classy thing to do no matter what kind of restaurant. This guy knows BBQ! I will be back the next time (and every time!) that I am in Madison."  and the sauce is tangy and sweet. Potato salad was also a great mix  and sides were good. Must eat fried sugar biscuits ASAP! So gooood (hot fried donut)."  it's usually an additional cost. I chose fries and the mac n cheese as my sides and was not disappointed. My favorite thing about this place was their award-winning BBQ sauce Like BBQ this is the place in Madison." So damn good I ate the whole plate of food and a second portion. I couldn't breathe for two days I was so full.  the ribs were tender and fall off the bone and I did like the flavor! We stopped by on a busy Saturday night and ordered takeout  but in moderation is a great addition. The sauce bath knocked the ribs way down AcZzBKa5TSAjOCL7CV-ZFA "I did not understand the hullabaloo. BBQ sauce was good. Side servings tiny. Since out of town  but not so much smoke that it will give me heartburn later like some do. Loved the bbq sauce .looking forward to going back."  so you won't be going home hungry. The atmosphere in the restaurant is down home and cozy. You order at the counter and then sit at a table with a checkered tablecloth until they bring it out to you. Which they do very quickly. The sauce here definitely deserves the awards won. My one complaint is the $4 split fee. My boyfriend and I came here for date night and ordered a half rack of ribs half chicken combo for $23  grade A stuff. The mashed potatoes were a few levels below what you'll get at Brickhouse. The onion rings are heavily breaded and crunchy  all of which were great. All sides were tasty too. The sauce was a nice blend of sweet and spicy. Definitely will be back next time I'm in town." The dining room is small - take out at high-times must be the way to go. Service is quick  ordered ribs we were going to split.  Told them not to split it  You can't share your food unless you pay $4.  Didn't want 2 plates or anything else.  Was charged the $4 and given the stuff anyway - house rule I'm told.  Order your food to go then just sit down and eat it Only styrofoam and paper platters with plastic utensils. I think it's due to a lack of room in the back "We went there on 03/04/2016 around 4:30.  We were greeted by a very friendly young woman; she was the best part of the experience.  The ribs were very dry and the sides were very small. You will not get great value here.  We were the only people in the restaurant and parking was still a problem here.  We only saw two spots total  in their lot Oh.. They did say they'd refund our credit card for what was missing but what they really missed was how inconvenient this was!"  and everything else is good. Highly recommend - get yourself here." Ok...I'll start off by saying I'm a F.I.B. from Peoria IL. If you don't think this is some of the best bbq you've ever had?...you're out of your fraggin mind!!!...We have some good bbq spots in IL. ...Very good...I've only found one place that rivals this gem...point blank...This is the best bbq you're going to find in Mad Town...I say that because I frequent a lot and have had it more than three times...high five excellent!!!...best bbq you're gonna find here!  that amount of care bumps them all the way to 5 stars.  And yes The owner actually contacted me and apologized. This takes the rating to 5 stars. Thank you Jon!" I had the brisket and my wife had the ribs...unfortunately both were awful."  was in the mood for the link again so I didnt try any new proteins (next time I need to get a chicken).  I tried the garlic mashed potatoes (EXCELLENT  but the grilled chicken sandwich with smoky jon's sauce on that tasty bun is phenomenal." Horrible...ribs were overcooked and dry with way too much salt and pepper.... both the corn and mac and cheese were over seasoned.... the owner should be arrested for trying to kill people with salt and pepper  then this may be your spot. I'm still searching for good BBQ meat in Madison." "Try everything!  It is all exactly what you would expect from a BBQ place. I had the hot link. Tough to cut  moist and flavorful...not the easiest thing to smoke.  I'm certianly going back for more!" Just updating from 4 to 5 stars. This place continues to amaze with awesome barbeque! Anyone who hasn't given a 5 star needs to just stop eating BBQ. lol You are doing it wrong.  but not too thick. It has the color of toast that is not too dark. The taste is just great. Order a bowl and you will want more. The Cajun Potato soup is definitely five star." Go on sunday nights for the all you can eat BBQ chicken dinner for $7.50.  It's a total deal "It had been years - but a friend and I recently went back for lunch. We both got the 'special' which really wasn't special. BBQ chicken on top if rice SfP1F2dq59rca7KSHGepfQ Ask the server for the hot BBQ sauce if you're a fan of spicy since they don't put it on the table."  drinks and their bill before us.  I ordered the half chicken (which was more like two small pieces of chicken) and in towards the bone Ate here last night.  Food was barely tolerable and the place was so dirty. Waitress stood in the middle is the dining area loudly babbling about movies for 10 minutes annoying everyone. Never  going back.  but I am sure others will find it tacky.  The food was above average but not the best I have ever had.  The chicken was smokey and moist...the ribs were good chances are my response will be something like "My dad and I went here thinking it would be a good place to try. The inside of the restaurant was unclean and tacky. Neither my dad nor I were impressed with the food. We both had ribs. There was very little BBQ sauce on the ribs LOVE Fat Jacks.  Always have!"  not a great BBQ experience."  the inside is clean and the food is excellent and they give you a ton of it!" I am not crazy about the hickory smokiness of the neat but with the sauce it was a great meal." Barbecue was top notch at this Madison area gem. The chicken and spare ribs were full of flavor as evidenced by the thick smoke ring. The sauces complimented the meat very well and the apple vinegar cole slaw was one of the best I've ever eaten. This will be on list of places to stop on my travels to Wisconsin. Best BBQ in madison. The best night is Thursday. All you can eat chicken and ribs. Their coleslaw is the vinegar oil kind. Not creamy. I love it. Some of the staff has worked there for years - a nod to this awesome locally/family owned eatery. Will not be going back." Have been eating here for 25 years. It used to my favorite place for barbecue. I ordered a half rack of ribs and the bones were soft and tasted awful. The waitress took it back to the cook. The cook said that happens sometimes and sent out two cold pieces of rib. I won't be going back sad to say. Bottom line is I've had better BBQ in the Madison area."  BBQ sauces were pretty mild and brisket was dry. Service was goods and sides were tasty."  without the sticky table syndrome that you get in some barbecue places. The iced tea was not chemical tasting and the waitress was attentive and pleasant. The only drawback was that the music was cranked a little loud I wish Fat Jack's was nearer so we could go more often!" I would recommend to anyone in the area who is looking for some good BBQ." "Went to Fat Jacks for the first time in years and was expecting the same mouth watering ribs I had in the past. It was approx. 6:00pm. We decided on the Tuesday special - all you can eat chicken and ribs. When our food arrived both the chicken and the ribs were very dried out as if they were under a heat lamp for 8 hours. They were edible but far from mouth watering. I decided not to eat the chicken because of the dryness and focused on the ribs. Requested more ribs three times and it was not until the third small plate of small ribs did I receive mouth watering  but it is not amazing. The service was awesome. Very attentive and the interior is comfortable. It is simple and welcoming." Used to eat lunch here every Wednesday for their Jambalaya lunch special and this was always a fun and enjoyable atmosphere with colleagues to eat lunch at.  spareribs are good. The sauces aren't that great. Try a bourbon sauce or a more tangy style sauce. The salad bar I am digging the sauce. Brisket is amazing. If you order root beer here it comes in a big frosted mug. Lots of cool stuff from Wisconsin on the walls.  it was cold inside. Meat was cooked well. Bbq sauce however was just ok. Coleslaw had a great flavor but looked like it was made with a slap chop from a tv commercial vs shredded. This place could easily be a 5 with some much needed DIY improvements."  dry and they had way to much smoke flavor.  What's up with the red wine vinegar on the coleslaw without mayo or sour cream. The owner needs to go to Texas and find out how to improve his BBQ.  However the the fried mushrooms were good." The meat was dry but plentiful.  The service was good. But without good food... I won't be back. "I've been here almost a dozen times in less than a year. For smoked meat (pork beef or chicken) they are great-best in the area and very good by any Midwest US standard. Red beans and rice is as good as I've had in New Orleans. But everything else is just awful. For dining in the salad bar is small and really bad. Lettuce is usually iceberg with some mixed greens and all wilted. Dressings are bad by Aldis standards and the side items are lousy. With a small salad bar they should either do excellent traditional or go different (southern? Pickled okra?) because what they have now just stinks. Appetizers have never been good. Lastly and perhaps most sadly their chicken wings are the worst I have ever had in any place from California to New York. Just the very worst. 7-11 would be better. Small  and have enjoyed every meal. Did not disappoint this time either. First plate of all you can eat ribs and chicken tends to be my last. Good food THIS PLACE HAS CLOSED.  The fries were delicious but the wings were awful. "Wingstop is returning to the Champaign-Urbana area.  The new restaurant is under construction right next to the new Hollywood Liquor store and the new Jet's Pizza.  The fries at Wingstop are the very best I have ever had.  Welcome back Wingstop BBQ-liquious.  That's all I have to say.  Order it for the whole office.  They do office luncheons.  but the bun is soggy. ribs are tasty but stringy. the ""hot link"" sandwich tastes like a sliced up hot dog. best things there are the fries and the BBQ sauce You can't go wrong with a BBQ sandwich here.  There fries here are good and potato-ey - and their potato salad comes with a nice mayo whip celery and big chunks or potato.  Nice!   Don't expect much here in terms of decor - with the counter service and former Taco Bell digs." And this is another one of those places where I feel like the soda fountain is really on point. Try and find a better diet pepsi. Call me crazy  Chili's or some chain resteraunt. BBQ sauce is BBQ sauce to me. It tastes the same as Kraft BBQ sauce from the bottle."  side o slaw and side o potato salad. Sandwich came with all the s.o.s. which on one hand is good cuz otherwise the bun would fall apart like my Aunt Helen did when I told her I was a homo. But the meat suffers from not ""marinating"" in said sauce. Slaw was passable but the potato salad had that weird store bought For those who hail from states to the East of  Arizona  but it's at least pretty tasty and reasonably priced.  It's Phoenixand 50 degrees in the dead of winter.  We take what we can get." If you're looking for tasty bbq sandwich...try TEXAZ for lunch...that's where I'd be the next time I have a craving" ...and no greens on the menu?  For shame!" "Hmmm... just having read all the reviews so far...I'm wondering if I liked this place as much as I think I did. I do recall the BBQ sauce being a little but too spicy for my taste but I think overall I really liked my BBQ sandwich I ate at Honey Bear's...or wait... did I have the ribs? Shoot... I think I had both! It wasn't my favorite but it was good and I'd go back again  they do pile on the beef but the real winner here is the sauce.  The fries are made with seasoned salt just the way I like'em.  service..what service just order "Used to live in the neighborhood here and frequent Honey Bear's quite often. My favorite night to go is Friday Minus one star for a limited menu compared to other BBQ joints (and RC colas) and minus another star for the young employees who acted like they were put out by taking orders. So sorry to interrupt your huddled chit-chat in the corner." "Honey Bear's is the some of the best BBQ you can find in the Valley. I enjoy getting a half chicken half pork sandwich  this location is 5 minutes from my work making it one of my favorite lunch break spots.  I would give it an extra star if it had the cool ambience of the Van Buren location but alas  i mean.. Whatev. The ever-so-popular BBQ Pork Sandwich was the juiciest its ever been today. Add the seasoned fries and wash'er down with the RC Cola with crushed ice. I say ""Damn In short - still waiting for a real BBQ restaurant.  This ain't it." The service was very quick and the food was very hot and everyone was very friendly." BBQ beef sand w fries & a Fat Tire.  You can't go wrong. Allergy update: I concluded that the sweet potato pie must contain * ingredients bec. I went through two days of horrible allergy symptoms.  I won't be able to enjoy it anymore  it's not the best but it is very good. I got the 1/2 rack pork ribs $11.49  potato salad and the cobbler is great too. A definite must! And there are multiple locations throughout the Valley." Trust you will not regret this fish!"  but the meat could be more tender. I am very picky about my potato salad Place is nicer than Stacey's for ambiance but I don't really look for that with BBQ   try stacy's on indian school and 17th."  go back and try their catfish.  If they get that right  but their barbeque sauce doesn't ring true for me.  There seems to be a slight watery tang there that shouldn't be..  So just 3 stars for me  that chicken was delicious!  The cole slaw had a spice in it that she didn't like (celery salt?) but she loved the mac and cheese.   I did like the cole slaw though.  Weird side note - I had mango for desert a bit later and it rounded out the spicy sauce and heavy pork meal really well.  Maybe I'll try mango with the meal next time...." Had a pulled pork sandwich and fries ... Couldn't have been better. I will go back for the ribs another time.  I stared up at the menu for about 30 seconds (it's pretty small) and decided on a regular bbq beef sandwich and a side of cole slaw.  For two sandwiches and two sides the total came to about 14 bucks.  Not bad!  They also have RC cola in their soda fountain "This is really one of the more disappointing BBQ places in Phx.  I hate to disrespect Honey Bears but their pulled pork is just too dry.  I shouldn't have to cover it in your bbq sauce (which isn't THAT good either) in order to make it edible.  Also Well I am in Phoenix for business and this place is walking distance down the street and since I am a major BBQ-aholic had to give it a try.  Went here for lunch before the lunch crowd came pouring in.  Tasty - I had the pork sandwich with a side of slaw.  All good contenders - nothing too outstanding but definitely solid.  I like the sauce.  which was just fabulous. But they moved out to Mesa and went out of business near the beginning of the year. So we're left with a bit of a void and The pulled-pork sandwich hits the spot and the sauce they have just makes it. It has just enough spice to give it a little bite that I think BBQ needs to have. Every chance I get The only things that suck: the buns instantaneously decompose under the liquid BBQ sauce (making it a fork dinner rather than a sandwich) ... also they don't have Coke or Pepsi (only Dr. Pepper for the cola selection)." I've had most of my Honey Bear's BBQ at picnics & other places where people have brought it in catered. I think I've enjoyed it more then than my visit to the downtown location.  Sorry..."  AZ. I find myself at this place everytime I'm in the Phoenix area! I love there BBQ sauce and the meat is great! If you see this place stop and try it out!" I just read several other yelper reviews of this restaurant so Im going to raise my original 1 star to 2 for now and Im going to drive all the way back down to Central from Scottsdale to give them another shot who knows maybe I just got a bad batch then Im gonna come back here and comment on round 2." Not to shabby.  Went on a Saturday night.  They had a half rack rib special with 2 sides for 12.99.  This was totally worth it.  I ate every bite.  Ribs fell off the bone.  The sauce is where it's at.  Nuff said.  which I love from here. Perhaps when I blow off some steam over a sandwich this small with no side dishes costing over $5 I'll return for your fish fry. Until then "This place is close to the museum so we thought we'd give it a try.  YAY!  and  YUM!  The pulled pork was worth the drive from San Diego.  My sister from Alabama saw the peach cobbler on the menu and spoke with the cook who assured her it was fresh "I cant believe I have been here for going on seven years and just tried this restaurant.  The sauce is AMAZING and the meat is tender and delicious.  The atmosphere isnt the greatest  this is my go-to for catering office events.  They're super professional and I always get glowing reviews from my customers." NUTSHELL- Worth the trip if you are downtown The ribs were delicious!!  Finally a place that the sauce was so good that I would buy a bottle.  The sides too me were nasty (potato salad and cow beans) .  I would buy ribs from here and go to Mrs.Whites for the sides to make the perfect meal. Some people might be turned off by the cleanliness of the restaurant I left content and not over stuffed. Feeling the need for BBQ I am sure I will stop in at this location again." Thanks for another tasty lunch!" "Great for lunch or catering.  The sauce is tangy and not too sweet or thick.  The peach cobbler is much too sweet Don't forget the sweat potato pie." Just not impressed at all. But...it beats the Burger King down the street which is the worst BK in Christendom. But that is another review." I thought it was really over-priced. Our bill was $21.75. And the food just wasn't good enough for me to want to go back." "Hands down the best ribs I've had in my life.  My first visit here was about a year ago.  Though I was a little afraid of the area and the sketchy look of the place I was taken by a good friend and my visiting father so I couldn't say no.  We all ordered sandwiches; I had the brisket and my father ordered a half order of ribs for us to share.  Now I have to say I'm not a BBQ person.  I'm not a fan of 99% of the sauce out there.  I reluctantly gave it a try and almost had to sit on my now saucy hands to keep from eating the whole plate.  The brisket was decent Best BBQ sandwiches in Phoenix.  The BBQ sauce is amazing.  I generally get the chicken sandwiches but my friends all swear by the pork.  if you like BBQ sauce with a little kick.  Everyone hating because this isn't like a BBQ place back in (insert famous BBQ town here) is just funny to me.  ""It's not real BBQ unless (327-point checklist of real BBQ)...""  Whatever.  I love this place."  but we believe no one will ever compare." I wouldn't call the location particularly sketchy.  There is a big parking lot and its right on Central Ave near lots of nicer places too."  I'd say even when I'm starving and don't give a rip I'd rather have ANY other BBQ in Phoenix than this place."  that the televisions showing the NBA Finals did help a bit. I don't think I'll come back. I've also learned a valuable lesson: for the most part I would have given them lower if I didn't know what their true standards are from my consistent patronage at the other locations." Warning: be prepared to swat flies if you dine in. There were several on the day I was in... ick!" I'll go back for a second try Good place for when the bbq craving hits. "Had lunch here twice now and their BBQ sandwichs are very taste but definetly messy. First time I tried pork and this time I tried the chicken. Both were good. I recommend this if your in the mood for BBQ. I'm still dying to try their ribs but I don't think I could eat that much for lunch. The one thing I don't care for is their soda product. They have RC Cola! This is the only place I know that does'nt have coke or pepsi "I used to go to the location on EVB; been going to Honey Bear's since the early 90's...Love Honey Bears; it's great they are in Central PHX (closer to me now); I see they have Greens on the menu (but  and the buns were sub-par. Still the flavors were good and I really liked the sweet potato fries." Smoke your ribs longer With the ribs and corn my face and fingers are super messy from the sauce. Good thing I'm eating alone. The ribs were super delicious! I wanted to cover every bite in their BBQ sauce. It was that good. The sauce was slightly tangy with just the right amount of sweetness. Honey Bear's calls it Tennessee BBQ SImply the Best BBQ anywhere!!!!!!"  I say stop by.  Expect your sandwich to have a little too much sauce and service to fall slightly below your expectations.  I've been a few times before "Pulled pork and coleslaw was AWESOME!  Corn on the cob was terrible.  Sauce for dipping pork was tasty!  Pretty rude guy behind the counter... SUCKED...  He looked like he wanted to punch someone out!  He didn't really say anything rude I arrived just before the lunch crowd began to pick up.  Looks like it can get a bit hectic when large crowds come due to all the people swarmed around the small counter ordering and picking up their meals." They have revamped the menu to make it a little more affordable and they seemed to have up there portions a tad. Way too go. My dad enjoyed one Phoenix's hometown spots. Good job! I will be back again soon for rib tip Friday's!" One of our regular stops is to the Honey Bear BBQ (done this for years).....and it's always the same: great tasting BBQ and friendly service.  We now have all of our friends come here on their visits to Phoenix and they share the same sentiments." q1nDSpmV-FdTBNj6UuZvTg They are good if you go to the one on Van Buren.  The one Central is not good.  Definitely not the best BBQ ever let alone Phoenix. Get the pork ribs with a side of fries and mac m cheese. Just be sure to eat the fries while they're hot."  but I didn't see that (unless I missed it). The sandwich was good "Went last week to get their catfish and the size of the fish was literally half the size it used to be My only qualm as of recently is it seems they have changed the coleslaw a bit. They made the portion larger which is awesome! But it's got some new things in it and I didn't enjoy it as much as usual. Bring back the old stuff!!" "Need better phone service attempted to place a call-in order but didn't get anyone to answer after calling 2-3 times Another order came up and there was one other person in the place..they yelled out the order was ready this time. Woman was out of it and didn't go pick up the food. They called it out 2 more times..she was 5 feet away and the only person..they couldn't walk it out to her? Not impressed." Always get the shredded pork to go with coleslaw and beans to make my own BBQ salad at home. Geat BBQ 25cent wing night on Mondays..grilled! Now that's what I'm talking about." this type of food is great when life is on your mind"  then this will get you out of a pinch. But if you want the ""Slap yo momma"" type grub Best beans I've ever had and an excellent BBQ sauce!!  Rib tips and chicken were great.  Coleslaw and potato salad ok. Sorry but after 3 strikes you're out "Pretty good BBQ for Phoenix!  I enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich with a side of mac 'n cheese...quite tasty!  The atmosphere is not very appealing and the advertising is quite cheesy Rivers Cuomo the cashier overcharged me for almost twice my meal. I just left and didn't go back. It wasn't even worth getting my money back." "This is a good place to go if you want good (but not great) barbecue.  They had speedy service  then this is a definite one or two.  They say your first instincts are best; we first went into the Philly sub place next door that had Coke products and walked out.  Instead we had overcooked  mostly due to the cheap BBQ sauce they use. The ribs were mostly bone and gristle  except maybe if the Restaurant Impossible guy does a show there.  I'd pay to watch him tell you what HE thinks of your ""restaurant""." Not a fan of this location. Ordered the pork sandwich and the bread was stale. Van Buren location is much better. "Talk about weak sauce. This place has dry. Dri. Drei. Dryyyyyy Pulled pork!  And drowning it in their boring sauce does not help things. In fact Special thanks to the brother-in-law for the introduction.  I love cool local places like Honey Bear's BBQ!  I'd go back."  but they were out of collard greens :-( The cornbread muffins weren't the best either  I didn't ""hate"" it but I'm not going back. There are better places to spend my money." "Average food that is way overpriced. For the price the portions were small the taste average and after sitting in the waiting room of a nearby hospital for days we were looking forward to some taste and comfort food. Not!!! old and dirty room  but all this type of food can get you a bit gassy. :-P" Deliciousness! Love the food! MNfOCJZsbtMbnDlvJ1LKeQ I was so embarrassed after raving about this place  there was not enough meat left in this joint to order a feast:(. The biggest disappointment is that I completed a huge order just to have another employee come from the kitchen and tell me "Excellent BBQ at excellent prices. Been driving passed this for months and finally stopped in with my girl and some friends. The pulled pork sandwich was about the best I've had in Phoenix. The sauce is good with a bit of spice. Clean environment  their fries are well above average and the macaroni and cheese is outstanding."  I've been back in with the family and small groups and ordered their party platters/dishes for events at my house and everyone has loved the food.  The staff is always helpful. The place is always clean. What more could you ask for?"  and let me know how it is but skip the peach cobbler." "Great BBQ sandwich for a decent price. The side of beans are amazing The barbecue chicken is delicious. I only gave it three stars because they only serve it on Fridays. Bummer. This was a yummy lunch and the groupon made it even more awesome.  Worth a visit!" We stumbled upon this place completely by accident. We were driving around the area trying to find a spot to eat. I'm glad we ended up in the complete wrong place looking for something else. The BBQ was pretty good but in my opinion the best part were the sweet potatoe tater tots. They were perfect. They were crispy but not overly done and nice and sweet. The staff were very friendly and I dug the laid back atmosphere and the good eats. My husband and I love the ribs and the pulled meat sandwich trio. Their BBQ sauce is great. My husband has told me that fridays are rib tip day but they are always out when we get there. My negative would be that we Sally do to go orders and three times they've messed it up and that they're always out f rib tips on Friday. Whatever!   We're never going back!!"  so anybody expecting frills will be greatly disappointed. It's all about the food and that is great."  I'm not a BBQ fan but I've had better. I'd go here again if the bf wants to go but otherwise I'll pass. 3 stars cause they have Big Red and Rc soda fountain drinks !! Can't find that anywhere! And friendly employes :)" Their catering is great too.  My office has ordered from Honey Bears several times over the years  again a very sub-par bbq experience." Not a bad deal if you grab a deal and want a night out."  be sure to sauce it up good and try the chicken and ribs! YUM!" "Their claim of so tender that you don't need teeth to eat it is wrong...that pulled pork was tough n dry...the BBQ sauce was hot  I like anything that is old Phoenix and this is it!" The downtown location has turned into a dump!!!  Waited 1 hr for a beef sandwich.  People actually applauded when they called their order.  All trash cans were full and stacked with plates.  Sauce container was empty with plastic forks at the bottom that had fallen in.  The food was sloppy and they had a bunch of teenagers running the business.  The filth was gross!!  I used to be a fan but now I'm taking 1 yr off before I return!!  nearby I stopped in. Went in for sliced lean brisket. I got a cup of shredded dried out brisket. I got my money refunded and walked out That was my final visit. Zero stars" bun was soaked on the bottom with? Won't go back Really good traditional BBQ. Very casual restaurant. Counter service and reasonable prices. Highly recommend. love this place!!! the wait is long and the cashier is slow!!! there is one worker which i think is the owners son he has long hair he is awesome! he helped us get our food faster! but the other cashier was so slow!!! but besides the wait it is an amazing place the pork BBQ sandwich was Delicious and so was the coleslaw. Again it's not mind blowing food and will definitely look elsewhere for BBQ before coming here in the future."  there is a sign that says for you to check your order before you leave when we did some food was missing it took 3 of the employees to agree that our order was not complete so we had to wait longer to get our whole order  sweet potato tater tots and sweet potato pie. Everything was great! First time here and we'll be back! The sauce was sweet and tangy with a bite to it. Very tasty!!" I never like to see a business fail. Especially one that has such a familiar name her in Phoenix. Best of luck to you guys." Pulled pork...tasty!  Cole slaw...crispy and fresh. Value...well worth the reasonable prices.  The place is a dive and never seems too terribly clean to me.  But who cares if the food's good?  The kind of place I will return to when I'm cravin' bbq and don't feel like a lot of fuss but I hesitate to recommend to others.  the meats are excellent.  It is definitely a place I have and would continue to go back to.  I'd go more often  it will certainly be on my list of places to go to if I happen to be in the mood to drive to Central."  will diffidently come back."  the volume on the radio needs to be turned down in the back. If you're waiting for your number to be called you can just forget about hearing them." q1nDSpmV-FdTBNj6UuZvTg This is just very bad bbq and poor service.   I have given it several chances and nothing has changed.   Will not be going back.  but it certainly tasted better than it did in the past. There was more meat on the bone and the sauce wasn't overwhelming." "Very good bbq (conisdering I have high expectations being from Chicago). Loved the sauce. Just wasn't happy with the hot links q1nDSpmV-FdTBNj6UuZvTg  well that's the feel i got when I glanced back into the kitchen . My boyfriend and I got 2 #1 which was a sandwich with one side and a drink  My wife may go back but I never will! I could see while waiting they got some orders wrong and just dumped the food back into the pot in the kitchen!"  3/5 is probably what you are gonna get." "Good bbq and simple clean restaurant. The staffs is helpful and friendly I will definitely be back. Loved the pork ribs  but Honey Bears will never see me again."  i deal with the public all day and as such try to be understanding when situations come up and things take a while...but this is not an isolated incident and their attitude about it sucks." They will never get anymore of mine." Overall totally overrated." The lady at the register mean... The wait was like they left to a different restaraunt to get out food... I ordered a BBQ beef sandwich meal which also came with one side and a drink. I had the potato salad side dish which was served in a small styrofoam container. The potato salad ok but not spatacular. The sandwich was awful. The BBQ was cut in small pieces akin to pulled meat instead of slices. Then the doused the whole sandwich with BBQ sauce which made the bread became so soggy that one cannot even picked it up. I ate the sandwich with a fork instead. The BBQ was ok. It is not close to Texas or Kansas City BBQ. Cannot find better BBQ. "Recommended by Sheraton hotel staff this was a welcome surprise. The BBQ was awesome   and fries were all great! Would def go again. They were really friendly too even after we were indecisive and confusing at placing our order lol" If we had to pay full price I would have made a big scene but because it was a groupon and were just trying a new place I let it go but we will never go again." Third times a charm and don't plan on coming back. The counter help was extremely rude. The 1/4 I had looked like it came from the grocery store and drizzled with sauce. All 3 times that I have been here haves been the same. Rude staff and poor quality at the central avenue location pretty much decided that I will not return.  it's just the trashy sign on the fountain drink saying not to put stuff in the drain. I also didn't like the ""real"" trash can being turned around so there's no access to the door and a large ""kitchen"" grey trash can sitting right beside it. All in all a good visit The only reasons I am leaving 2 stars is because of the fond memories I had of honey bears back in the early 2000's and the fact that their sauce is still amazing. Other than that I won't be back."   still pink and bleeding. All he said was oh okay and walked away. I didn't even eat my sandwich because if they couldn't cook chicken right why should I trust them to cook the pork correctly? When I went to the front to talk with them they all disappeared.  Never would I think about going back and spend my money there again."  we were greeted before we even walked in the door by the owner. (Not 100% he was the owner just assuming because he was opening the restaurant) the young man that took our order was nice in greeting us Be careful not to back over other patrons in the parking lot! Its a little tight! Lol" Love their BBQ sauce! I pick up lots to bring back home whenever I visit AZ. Pull pork Bbq sandwhich is delicious. Corn bread is one of the best I've had. Service is a little slow. Wish they have businesses in Cali. That said.  The food was REALLY good.   I just can't deal with bad service." Pro-tip: Watch where you park so your car does not get towed. And be sure to check in on yelp to redeem your offer." Don't let the exterior of either location fool you If you're looking for an inexpensive the drinks are watered down. and the prices are up. Me thinks I wont be back there."  take it out of the water and pour sauce on it...really basic sauce at that. The Mac and Cheese reminded me of Kraft's stove top Mac and Cheese.  Apparently they're doing something right for somebody to stay business for this many years. Hell even I came back knowing I wouldn't like it. Maybe subconsciously I remembered how much you get for your money. I'll be having the second half for lunch today."  the cashier was rude. They also ran out of plates. They also lack communication within each other I made a separate purchase and they called the same number three times. Ridiculous."  a pleasant gentleman was wiping tables and he greeted me with a smile and a pleasantness that clearly was natural. He helped me get a take-out menu and suggested several choices. A young man working there was also quite pleasant and I never saw anyone on their cell phone like I have so many times in other restaurants. My food came quickly  at best.  Was it the reason I got an upset stomach a couple hours later  the attitude of the woman behind the counter just isn't worth it."  nothing to write home about but maybe a yelp review. The ribs looked good too. The prices did seem a litttle high for what you got. Oh! They did not have sweet tea. The only BBQ joint I've been to without sweet tea."  because they were out of different meats and sides. While I can understand these situations may be frustrating  the food was ok nothing that I will refer friends over to go out their way but they are working on the customer service per comm. below and above so that is good."  older man who seemed to be a manager was rude not only to me and other customers but I heard him chew out the bus boy.  I would go back but maybe a different hour in hopes to avoid the rude cashier/manager."   the food was not so good. Tolerable but not satisfying at all. It was a little dark inside and in need of updating. Don't get me wrong. I didn't mind too much on how it looked. It was clean. I was there for good bbq. Or This place is just ok.  I got a 1/2 pound of the brisket and a side of corn.  Not much to write about.  It's a hole-in-the-wall BBQ place with average food. The take home message here is OVERPRICED!!!!"  but the chicken was dry and nothing special about the bread. I loved the pork and beans which had a unique sweet sauce that I've never tasted anything like before.  The potato salad was chunky and was good as any homemade." Good barbecue and I liked the Mac n cheese. The portions are nice and we both rather enjoyed it ! The peach cobbler is must  try!  the was no flavor but tastes salty." "Staying in town for some baseball. Was told to eat here....great customer service.  Prices are great.  The BBQ sauce is beyond amazing.  Tried the sliders...one beef  so there must be some fans around." "Got a to-go order of the #2 sliders meal with Mac & cheese and the #3 small sandwich and 2 ribs. See my attached picture. Not impressed with the packaging. They forgot our small sandwich q1nDSpmV-FdTBNj6UuZvTg "Not sure where all that smoke is going but there's not much on the meat! I had the sliders one of each; no go:( All 3 meats dry and not much flavor. (Except when you add sauce) Not that great; but hey I probably won't go back but if a group of people wanted to go there I gave it a 3 start only because it's super HOT in this building! It's like A/C doesn't exist! I love honey bears but I won't be dining in and I know now to call in my order! I'll never come back!!!  (Because I'll probably never be in Phoenix again!!!)" "Horrible customer service at this location. Always an attitude at the counter when a younger brother serves.  It's like they hate other black people. Angry looks and never a reply to a thank you.  Better service at the Van Buren location THIS IS A PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT- AVOID- REGISTERED NURSE"  sat down to eat it and then immediately threw it away. Just yuck. Watery pulled pork For over $11 you expect something more than a soggy grocery store bun. The pulled pork sandwich is really small compared to most places. The cheap bun doesn't support the sauce. Overpriced lunch combo for sure. "Did the Yelp check in coupon for $2 off.  The guy looks at the screen and says ""Yeah we don't take those anymore.""  No prob...I just walked out and did the one star review from the parking lot.  The good news is that you saved $2...hope it was worth it." I guess I should've read the reviews first. A coworker and I went here for lunch about a week ago. We both ordered the half catfish.  She got sweet potato fries and I just got regular fries. The fish had no flavor at all and it was way too crispy. It pretty much crumbled when I broke off a piece. The drink selection sucked and to top it off we both became sick later on that day!!! I will never eat here again. I should've known better when the light fixtures looked greasy with dust stuck to them.  so I paid and waited. Then I was told it would take another 5 minutes. I then was told it was going to take longer and was offered chicken or pork instead. I choose chicken. It took over 20 minutes before I got my food. The chicken cost less  I'd definitely eat here again and I don't know why people keep saying this place is that bad. It's a lot better than other places I have tried to find BBQ at in Phoenix." Been going here since I was a littls kid. Never had any problems. Always good food... BBQ :) q1nDSpmV-FdTBNj6UuZvTg Ribs is a skill set. This is rib college in Phoenix." "Not as good today as any other time i have been there in the last 25 years. The ribs were undercooked :(  The woman behind the counter didnt know what i was talking about when I couldn't eat the roll because it was wheat. She assured me it was 'white.""" "How does a BBQ place run out of pork at 2 pm on a Sunday?! We love Honey Bears "I would agree that this place is a 3 star restaurant for sure. No paper towels in the men's room. NO BEEF?!?!??!! For real?! I mean  but the food was flavorless and mushy. The beef brisket was probably the best part of the meal but it wasn't anything to write home about. Restaurant itself was a little warm  I noticed the restroom was disgusting! I hope the kitchen doesn't look like their restrooms. I would probably go back but not often."  but still had to give it a chance. My husband and I ordered a pulled pork and a beef brisket sandwich. The meat was flavorless. The pork was fatty. The bottom bun was practically liquid. Really unpleasant. My husband didn't want to eat his pork. I told him to just pour the sauce on it and he said the sauce wasn't any good. I have to agree. Back in the day  took 3 bites and couldn't stomach anymore. Best thing I had were the mediocre French fries. I will not be comming back." I hope my experience was a one-off. Otherwise The chicken is good.  The sauce is great.  The sides are fine. The place is an uncharming bit of a dive.  the.beans were good."  tiny sandwich. Bland food. BBQ sauce is nothing to write home about. I'm extremely disappointed that I wasted my money here. Not a fan."  the outdoor seating is right next to Central Avenue.  I'm just not sure how much any of this matters if you're looking for a BBQ joint. My taste buds still steer me toward Little Miss Don't eat here. It's living off hype."  now it's just blah. The meat had no flavor whatsoever not even salt. The only thing that wasn't so bad were the fries. The tea read traditional sweet tea Ordered the #1 combo. Sub-par pulled pork sandwich. I was very surprised to find that the meat was tough and hard to chew. No real bbq (smokey) taste. The bun was pretty cheap and mushy after being soaked through. Bbq sauce was nothing special. Fries were standard. It wouldn't have been such a disaster if i hadn't paid $10.49 (not including tax) for the lunch time meal. I won't be back. Prices are too high for standard fare. "I work directly across the street and been wanting to visit for a while and finally did.  I ordered for lunch the pulled pork BBQ sandwich with 2 sides  I had a feeling that my stomach was just gonna burst. It was terrible! They didn't even have chicken available when we ate there. Definitely do not recommend." """The 1st warning sign should have been the lack of bbq smell when entering in the parking lot. Someone in the group mentioned that they must smoke the ribs at a different location. The servings are huge But since I don't go there for potato salad and cole slaw  it seems like you have to go with either Pepsi or Coke all the time. I would go back. There is something about the sauce that will bring me back in eventually. Not the kind of place I think I'd frequent  and they also have Alcohol!!" That's about as much enthusiasm as I can muster for this place..." I like the sauce here a little better than BBQ Company.  This is a little more vinegar while BBQ Co is sweeter.  The pulled pork sandwich at lunch is one of my favorites. Any place that's slogan is "" You don't need no teeth to eat our meat""  has my vote.  The truth of the matter is  yes you do! I bought a full rack of baby backs and couldn't wait to get home with them. They were VERY tough... and had very little meat on them." I don't really know why but i expected to not quite enjoy Honey Bear's BBQ. Most of that is because when i think of BBQ anything i don't think of buying it more someone outside cooking it for me. Yet when i went in I can say I enjoyed. I ate the shredded chicken sandwich and was super happy with it. Though not a go to place if i get the craving I will pop back in again.  you obviously don't know anything about what good BBQ should taste like.  I saw one review that suggested you eat the meat with the sides - looking for flavor I guess.  Lame attempt at sauce "I giggled and pulled over when I saw the advertisement. The slogan alone made the meal for me. The coleslaw and the pull pork BBQ sandwich was really good. My buddies ordered the ribs Above average BBQ at a resonable price.  Large portions.  coleslaw and peach cobbler are delicious too.  They also cater.  Its a dive  but success has not affected the wonderful quality of their food and their prices are the lowest anywhere for genuine slow smoked barbecue!"  but if you don't like sweet messy BBQ stay away."  and the cole slaw was very fresh (I'd go a bit less sweet Parking is ample and the staff is as down home as the bbq they dish out. Enjoy!" Only reason they didnt get 5 stars is the lack of cornbread.  What is with BBQ places here and no freakin cornbread?  Blasphemy. But other than that "This was a pretty decent place for good BBQ.  There isn't that much variety - mostly focused on BBQ meat sandwiches.  The good thing is that despite the small menu xfk9eY8gmwn8qsbyd-W6lQ  but I need to find a new guilty pleasure  it is considerably more crowded).  The portions are meager.  All of this leaves you with the feeling that it would be a good $5 lunch.  Unfortunately The sauce was perhaps a saving grace if the food wasn't served nearly lukewarm and was able to bring something to the table on its own. Sadly   They serve you with attitude or simply as a number.  The people who work at the front counter dont care about the food how it looks or what you ordered.  When the Management is around their spirits are a little different.  The food is good but the SOUL IS GONE."  no frills cafe style.  You go up to the counter to order and pick-up and find a spot to sit.  I enjoyed my meal and plan on going back to try more items off the menu."  but I have yet to be disappointed by Scottsdale cuisine!" "Great place for pulled pork BBQ sandwiches! Awesome beans and coleslaw to go with your meal. Just enough to fill you up and make you happy at lunch time. They also have Big Red! If you're in the area No frills. Great food. I'd eat there again.  next time I am going to order it. I had an ice tea and it was so strong I had to add water to it (which I love). Overall this was a great lunch and although I ate so much I almost put myself in a food coma I will definitely be back." Great pulled pork sandwiches and it's a quick 5 min. drive from my house.  If you like BBQ this is one of the better places here in AZ.  I don't think their sides are really that good more just there to have something on the side other than the sandwich.  Anyways as I said great for a quick bite. I almost had to give them an extra star for their catchy slogan (""You don't need no teeth to eat our meat"") but didn't because that would just be a silly thing for me to do."  which is pretty amazing when you show up somewhere and it's buffet honey bear's time!"  tender and just down right good.The mac and cheese wasn't too cheesy but it had a nice pepper season to it... it was delicious. Because we got our order to go they put the sauce on the side so we can pour it on to our liking. I use the whole of sauce. It's sweet but with a spicy lil kick/aftertaste. I know of very few BBQ spots that have left a positive taste in my mouth and this is one for future reference to hit up if I'm looking for a good hole in the wall BBQ spot." Best BBQ I've had this side of the Mississippi river. They also cater sporting events and concerts. They had a big tent set up at the Mesa amphitheater for a blues concert and they didn't gouge you for a sandwich and drink like most venues will. Will try other places if I am in the mood for barbecue." Delicious Ribs and they have Big Red soda on fountain? what's not to love?! My first experience here will not be my last. This place has jumped near the top of my list of BBQ pursuits." "A coworker of mine RAVES about this place so when they came up on Groupon I jumped on it. It timed out perfectly to be the place where I had my goodbye lunch for my last week at work. I have to say We will probably visit Honey Bear's agian because my co-workers have a thing for BBQ. But honestly xfk9eY8gmwn8qsbyd-W6lQ And one of the dirtiest bathrooms I have every seen." I could go on all day writing about how good Honey Bear's is  best pork n beans ive ever had" Scottsdale folk stay away it has a dive feel to it." "One of the best BBQ beef sandwiches I've ever had. No fuss barbecue and quite the experience. Oh "I ordered the Chicken BBQ sandwich...was not that great. The chicken meat lacked any flavor. And the bread of the sandwich was extremely mushy. Plus  make beef ribs taste like a McDonalds McRib sandwich." Yet another great hole in the wall joint. They have awesome pulled pork sandwiches. This place is a local classic.  known for their sauce but their beans are fantastic (i get those over their sandwiches) and 2 for 1 beers everyday.   If your uppity maybe not the place for your but if you don't care what a place looks like as long as it has great food check it out." Honey Bear's on Van Buren is a bit of a dive and it's located in a slightly dicey  but the pulled pork leaves a little room for improvement. My opinion is that it's cooked at too high of a temp. (note to honeybear: aim for 225 degrees - get staff in earlier if necessary)  Too high temp results in not enough time in it's early cooking stages to absorb that smoke flavor They are still awsome and the slaw is spot on. The chicken was moist and flavofull. Dont be put off by the location or looks it is good food! And has been for years."  well known place like that shouldn't have that happen.  I'm never eating there again." i have 2 groupons for this place and i'm hoping to try their catfish." Must have been an off day but still pretty good. Better luck next time!  their coleslaw is quite nice but just a touch of too much mayo. Now comes the bad part: the ribs. I absolutely love bbq ribs and unfortunately their's were dry with very little meat on the bone. I would not recommend the ribs here to anyone. Stick with the sammy's and you'll be all good."  but I imagine they are all just as tasty. I got the 3 slider plate with a side of macaroni and cheese. We got it to go and the sauce (a very large portion) comes on the side. YUM! I'm a smaller girl but I can eat and this lasted me lunch and dinner - the leftovers were just as amazing. Can't wait to go back! :)" "Cannot believe I have lived next to this place for years and never tried it! Went for lunch today and the sliders (one pork  inexpensive and delicious give this place a try." I would recommend this place if you plan on a tasty quick meal with quick service."  coleslaw and peach cobbler while my wife had the BBQ Pork and potato salad. We both thought the BBQ pork was a 3 or 4 on a scale of 1 to 10 and the coleslaw and potato salad were no better.  I was so looking forward to the peach cobbler but even it wasn't very good.   If you're in the area and want good BBQ go two minutes away to Hap's BBQ on Washington and 48th.  Of course Joe's BBQ in Gilbert is great too and even Famous Dave's kicks this place." xfk9eY8gmwn8qsbyd-W6lQ  and some half-assed preacher isn't in the dining area requiring you say a bunch of prayers in order to get a free meal."  fall of the bone delish! The chicken was just as juicy! The pulled BBQ beef was good too. Potato salad was great too! This is definitely in the top 5 BBQ places we've ever eaten at. Enjoy!" the inside experience was okay too.  after we left this restaurant we decided to never come back again.  but after reading so many positive reviews i'm may give it a second chance." A valley staple. I am not the biggest BBQ or smoked meat fan but the food is good and the portions are huge. If you like BBQ and Soul food check it out. Their Sweet Potato Pie (and surprisingly potato salad) is extremely delish! Ew. Each bite was pure fatty nastiness.  because it usually seems too sweet to me.  It seemed to me like there might be a little bit of a kick thrown in that kept it from being overly sweet.  The sauce paired with the tender juiciness of the pork was completely delectable.  Now I know what I will get when I get a barbeque craving (and this time it won't be a surprise!)" xfk9eY8gmwn8qsbyd-W6lQ Hot links were very average. Terrible texture.  go to the store and buy more buns. Or you can mail me the sauce so I can dispose of it properly. Or not. Just don't waste the sauce." We will give them another try though."  mac and cheese! It's all so good!" "I've been going to this particular one since 1987.  It was a ritual to go there right after the Copper World race Thank goodness we ate using a Deal Chicken offer." The food was so good I'll probably give it another try but I hope the big bald guy will be having a better day!" This place is the real deal." "HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE catfish taste like crunchy cardboard. HORRIBLE customer service in the van buran location. If you want some really good catfish papa joes is AWESOME!!! It's actually worst than one star  except maybe if the Restaurant Impossible guy does a show there.  I'd pay to watch him tell you what HE thinks of your ""restaurant""." FIVE STARS from from a former Fort Worth resident!  This is as good as it gets!"  pork and beef BBQ for roughly 10 bucks.  I asked for some hot BBQ sauce on the side (they did not have it out on the tables) and went to town on this meal.  The meal was enough to make me satisfied without feeling like I ate too much.  The BBQ sauce on the sliders was more than sufficient but I am one of those guys that likes to douse their meat in BBQ sauce (otherwise it just does not feel right) .   Honey Bears was bare bones in decor but for a BBQ place  so I haven't actually been to this location. I just had the BBQ from their tent at the Tempe Art Festival. When I got there the BBQ rib tips weren't ready yet. Mark Smith actually delivered them a couple blocks away to my office when they were ready Not too impressed. The baked beans were way too sweet as is the BBQ sauce. So-so cole slaw and dry meat. Not too impressed and left feeling like I had paid too much for an alright lunch." If you want good BBQ and a no glits and glammour dinning room  service spotty but acceptable. I visit about every 8 weeks and look forward to getting my q on" I had Chicken and Ribs with beans and mac & cheese and it was finger licken good. If you like saucey BBQ this place is pretty good. Both the Rib and Chicken were falling off the bone and the beans were really good. I'm not usually in to the BBQ that is saucey I found myself stuffing my face. By the way... the serving size was huge. Food was okay BBQ brisket sandwich wasn't bad ...Mac & cheese was a little runney for my likening ...  Hot link wasn't really a hot more like a sausage link..  almost frozen and did not have any flavor. I was not full from my sandwich and since I didn't eat the potato salad was going to get peach cobbler but they didn't have any that day :-( Pretty ""basic"" place." Corn Bread- bland and tasted old"   which was GROSS.  The bottom bun appeared to be dipped in the meat juices prior to the meat being placed on top.  The meat did taste good if eaten with a fork and all bread products were avoided.  Coleslaw was only tolerable "I don't understand what all the hoopla is about. The food was lousy. The ribs tasted like the cow had mad cow disease. The sauce was weak. Overall Worth the time and money. Don't miss out."  but you also get what you pay for I won't ever return. How does that go: ""First time shame on you The owner needs to update this place  simply unbelievably good barbecue this far west!  The beans are the best this Texan ever tasted  so I decided to try it out on Friday. The food was awesome! The portions were huge too! I had 4 meals for a little over $20. I ordered the half rack ribs with two sides.  I also ordered the beef brisket. The ribs were meaty tender and had good smoky flavor. I typically don't like my ribs swimming in BBQ sauce and was kind of disappointed to see sauce slathered all over the ribs but It worked. I was pleasantly surprised at how tasty they were and the sauce was not overwhelming at all. I ordered a half rack but it seemed that there was a racks worth of ribs (they must be some huge racks)! I will definitely be trying this place again!" Who is writing these reviews and giving this place high marks? You don't know barbeque that's for sure. What's good about slices of processed meat with barbeque sause poured on them? What's good about ribs that are boiled with more sauce dumped on them. Huge disappointment and way overpriced  the chicken is realy good. The ribs are so dry. But the bbq sauces are soooooo good. I love the bbq sauces. I won't not come back unless I have another Groupon deal. I will only get the chicken next time." Real BBQ smoked in a smoker.  Tangy and tasty sauce.  I speak on the one on V an Buren which I've been going to since the 1970's.  Their beans and potato salad are out of this world.  Always try to go to mom and pop joints as opposed to chains.  That's worked out well over the years in the Phoenix area.  flavorful and fall-off-the-bone tender.  It's something I look forward to when indulging at a place like this.  The hispanic staff (including a very young kid) who were running the place were unfriendly and slow.  There are lots of BBQ joints in town now  on to the review!  Fast food style BBQ- I ordered the 3 slider combo which is great so you can try all theme meats.  I liked the pulled pork the best although it's a little on the dry side.  The sauce is awesome and does a great job masking any noticeable dryness if you spread it out.  You also get a side (can't go wrong with Mac n cheese) that comes in a to go container which is great if you can't finish all your food.  I love the fact that the place is family owned and it's a great atmosphere in the establishment with several historically meaningful pictures of it.  The garbage system needs an update as the hole to actually dump garbage is tiny and causes sauce to spill all over the sides and for customers to actually put effort in aiming their disposal of goods." Will we visit again? For sure!"  we will never be back again and opted not to even use our balance because of how poorly we were treated. The Groupon actually expired yesterday and I was really tired but was going to make the 40 minute drive anyways but I thought I'd call and just check to see if they would extend the offer til today as some company's are courteous in that way. I spoke to a gentleman on the phone and explained that I knew my Groupon was expiring that night but would they let me come today for the deal and he said yes that would be fine. So today I make the drive and was told ""no"" by the girl behind the counter. I explain the whole situation about calling last night and that I spoke to a guy and she just said ""I know who you spoke to but that's not our policy so you can't get the deal.""  No apology or attempt to rectify the situation.  I should probably add that there was NO ONE there and she could have easily extended our offer and established return customers but she had no custom service skills. When I asked her name she said it is Courtney but it looks like she has replied to reviews on here as ""Anna S."" so who knows. And after reading more reviews about ppl who have gotten food poisoning after eating here recently maybe it's for the better!" "Very disappointed. I have been using Honey Bears BBQ for several years and always had a reasonable experience up until about a year ago. I used them a lot for catering orders (30+ people) and also used them on regular office orders (10+ people). They recently started cutting their portion sizes way back so much so that I would have to order for 20 when I needed it for 10. The huge disappointment was when I ordered Honey Bears for a retirement party in the office (I made the order a week in advance). The day before they were supposed to deliver I called to confirm the order New ownership maybe but it's not the same here. Cashier wasn't friendly. The high chairs were so messy with caked in food. It took me many wipes to get it suitable for my son to sit in and eat in. Wires hanging down from window lights.  Napkin dispensers empty during dinner time. Come on! We'll definitely have to come back as we didn't have room for dessert!" "The best BBQ in Phoenix  but it is to expensive for what you get." "Got the pulled pork sandwich. The pork was good and so was the BBQ sauce. The bread was sub par. Macaroni was slightly undercooked and the cheese was a bit runny. The size of the pork sandwich was nice for the price. Next time  restaurant wasn't real clean. Two small sandwiches and two sides came to $20.   Won't be back." I dont think ill be back /" Around the corner is Hap's BBQ which I thought was better but Famous Dave's blows them both out with flavor and value." "This place is average. I had the vm1 with bbq chicken sandwich and potato salad. The meal was out quick and it was relatively cheap. The chicken was a touch dry for my liking "Manager (Owner?) is very chill... Some people might not be used to it. It's a southern thing though! Lol... Anyways! The food is good  there's no room for the ones that compromise. Just my luck with 20+ BBQ booths to choose from at the festival I picked the one that obviously does." Course when I was at the restaurant this time the soda fountain stopped working and as usual it was AFTER several of us had paid for drinks. Oh well..." The food wasn't very tasty. The bathrooms will make you leave and not even ask for your money back.  after I discovered a CLUMP of hair (view in photos at own risk) in my pulled pork. Highly disappointed."  but I did deduct one as the people who talk about the nasty bathroom here are totally right.  Bring your Purell if you wanna use the bathroom first." Honey Bears BBQ is definitely worth checking out. What they lack in variety and options is made up in quality. The ribs were nice and the pork sandwich was tender. Unfortunately I will chose elsewhere next time for more options and a little more meat on the bones. Overall the food was good but nothing wow'd me. Never again...NEVER...AGAIN." "There's not much to say about Honey Bears BBQ...  The food is not as tasty as the smell I sense every early Saturday morning Everything here is good. I love the barbeque sauce and the peach cobbler is to die for! I'm done with this place and not visiting this again."  Honey Bear's has a quick service stand INSIDE the stadium. Definitely a good game choice meal." I think it has started to go downhill a bit...then again phoenix is gaining more decent bbq places so I think that is part of why I just can't go any more.  Their is no smoke and not much flavor and the quality of the meat is not great. They get two stars due to a pretty decent bbq sauce and affordable pricing.  and the owner said he was refusing to accept the coupon.  We pointed out the no expiration date and they still refused to honor what i paid for. As a consumer I feel they did not honor their agreement." Well.. to start the Mac and cheese was so off base. It tasted almost like instant ( although I know it wasn't ) it had that generic made for the long day taste and generic feel to it. Certainly not a home style mix.   The ribs were under seasoned. cold. And seemed to be little meat on them. The collard greens lacked flavor and they were cold. And the bun was just sad. I was dumb founded about the sauce as it was very watered down and no kick to it.  On top of which the establishment gets a c in cleanliness! I don't know what happened...."  typically nice BBQ style eatery.  Front counter guy was very nice & informative" The owner Mark and his staff are very generous and personal individuals which is another key reason I'll continue to come back." "We've been here before and the food and service were very good. Today however was a very different story! The young guy taking our order seemed completely confused. We ordered 2 kid meals and 4 adult meals and he only charged us $13.95. When we tried to argue and pay the right amount he smiled and just acted like he didn't know what we were talking about. I hope to god that the owner wises up and fires this idiot. He's gotta be losing tons of money from this fool! On top of the idiotic service  so it was around 12:00.  They welcomed me in with a huge smile. The staff was really cool and gave me some suggestions.  I ordered the one meat and two sides meal. I got the pulled pork "Decent food but the counter service sucks. The guy running the register seemed to have a chip on his shoulder and was irritated at every question I asked. When I drop over $40 for lunch  The reason I didn't give it five stars is for the location. It's not in a nice area but the staff is friendly and you can get your food to go." Get the pulled pork sandwich with beans and lots of sauce. Get the mac and cheese too. Put sauce on it. Use the yelp coupon  avoid this place if you get the urge. Rudy's kills this place any day of the week." And now my tummy is growling. Thanks for nothing!" Foods pretty good. Counter staff is horrible. We have been here 4 times in the last month and I am completely unsatisfied with the staff. The collard greens are very good. It would be nice if the staff matched the food.  it doesn't make up for the cashier. The cook came out from the back and was a delight. She was very sweet when she apologized for the chicken and gave me a second one but the meal was already over. I hadn't complained to anyone except my dining companions so I don't know if they served me the bad chicken knowing it wasn't good or if they have listening devices so they can laugh at the misery of their guests. Save yourselves  there were no options for non-carbonated drinks; not even sweet tea! I don't appreciate that. And they were out of cornbread." Major knock on what they should but don't offer: Sweet Tea... this is a southern place that has no sweet tea...so that was my only let down."  and the mac n cheese was perfect. Oh then while I wasn't looking my boyfriend decided to order a piece of sweet potato pie...and I am so happy he did. I will definitely be coming back to try as many things on the menu as possible."  in a real dump. I'm a BBQ lover but I don't love Honey Bear's.  I had the same impression of the one located in central Phoenix too but wanted to try once more before deciding I didn't like their food. Decision made."  if you want a plate and utensils its $1.75 per person more. Beer was cheap and cold at 2.75 for a bud lite. Sides were nice and hot but the brisket was cold and the bun was as cheap as you can get. The corn on the Cobb was hot but old. Beans were good "Full disclosure I rarely write Yelp reviews but I do eat at a lot of restaurants around the valley being a young single male professional who doesn't cook.  I ate here today for lunch and it was so delicious I promised the owner I'd write him a 5-star review on Yelp on the way out.  So here I am being a man of my word.  When I arrived I scanned the menu and was recommended the pulled pork by the friendly cashier at the front -- but then I saw they had chicken and beef as well .. decisions  a vinegar-based sauce should be available at the counter  The staff was unique and the inside was cozy and inviting. If you want authentic Tennessee BBQ done right then this will hit the spot for you! I can't wait to visit you next time I come to Phoenix! Thank you for a very yummy experience!" Don't go in expecting a fancy dining room and table clothes with this five star experience.  However "Hole in the wall restaurant with excellent tasting food and great customer service (awesome owner at the Van Buren location). Recommend the peach cobbler "I've been slipping by here for over 25 year's .  l moved to LA 17 years ago .  brought the fam in today what a complete disappointment........ The hot links were boiled not grilled...... I asked why and the Asian lady said the grill wasn't on yet.  I asked why she didn't mention the fact the grill wasn't on when I ordered them she said she would check if the lady in back could warm them up BTW if you are handicapped they have a ramp but the parking lot is so uneven and has course asphalt 1st time visit and the food was great! My husband and I really enjoyed it. I had pulled pork and Mac and cheese. He had beef brisket and Mac and cheese. The flavor was awesome and the sause was sweet and spicy. I would go there again and recommend it to others. Good bbq and fast friendly service! This place had been around for ages and is easy to see why. Keep it up!! I wish the menu was larger--rib tips and more dinner plate type options would've been good. But the food was excellent!" All the food was amazing - we made the mistake of ordering extra hot bbq sauce. It is no joke! it was delicious but had us all sweating and with runny noses. Ordered lunch for a group of 13. All the orders were correct. Love this place My favorite BBQ joint in phoenix.  I get the beef brisket every time.  FANTASTIC  went to post this and they will not post unless I give a star rating. So giving a 1  and the BBQ wasn't overwhelming so you can actually appreciate the flavors. Rib meat came off the bone with ease. Brisket was awesome and so was the pulled pork." My fiance has had lots and lots of BBQ and gave this place his stamp of approval Thanks for all the years Mark...and to many more!!"  it's not in the same category as say Sam's Cafe or Keegans for ribs." Bonus! - I've prepared this rhyme to help you remember where they're located... Rack Shack Snack Attack.. get it rhyme  the evolution of the Blues in Phoenix will have the same fate - no resemblance of it's rich heritage - just drunk suburbanites pantomizing and living out their fantasy.  Without soul however  and I'll try it again to get a taste of the interesting BBQ tacos I saw another patron eating." The sauce here is simple (""clean"" they call it) and not too sweet or too spicy. The skin-on home fries are also yummy." First thing you notice are the smells- Oh the glorious smells- that hit you from the parking lot.  It's a pretty simple place  and the hot links.  Tasty stuff OMGLOLBBQ I love A&J." Perhaps that is what ""Chicago Style"" means. Whatever the case  I don't like it. The restaurant smells very good so I had high hopes.  However The sauce.. blah.. I would describe it as tomato puree with minimal seasoning. Low sodium tomato soup! that's the closest comparison I can think of."  a few of us would have the beans the others the cole slaw.  Yes the place was modestly decorated and never packed...all the more reason to come by because you knew you wouldn't have to wait any longer for the wonderful BBQ.  I wish the whole family the best in the future...hopefully they will reconsider and open again.   Jeanne D."  but we have only tried the Spam musubi and the Crab ""Langoons"". We really like the BBQ chicken and especially the chicken katsu (breaded chicken cutlets cut into strips- dip into the fabulous zingy katsu sauce). They also have soups I love the fact that their more popular meals are available in ""mini-meal"" versions that give you just the right amount of food."  another is the Hamburger Steak. Well you get the idea. I have never had a bad meal here. The plate lunches come with Rice and Macaroni Salad and Veggies. The Macaroni Salad is yummy too. They also have mini meals mahalo to whatever lolo brought this grub out to all the haoles in phx!" The BIL swears this is the best plate lunch he has found off the island and goes to his happy place with each visit. If you are looking for a different kind of barbeque  i rather go the exrta miles to head up to Happy Valley to L&L. Chicken Katsu is what we order but other than that if you want good hawaiian food y-uHaMLLWQydSyWJawLIUw  but most of the other dishes have meat that is fatty and greasy. One awesome thing is that they have small meals. I don't need 2 lbs of food One cool thing about this place was that the Phoenix Fire Department eats here.... so hot! Too bad I was busy stuffing my face with Spam and eggs. That was probably not hot." Went for lunch and got the mini-meal... Loved it!  Just enough food and tasty too!  Love the BBQ chicken!!! ill be coming back !!" I'll be coming back here to fulfill my bbq cravings."  it was very similar. I'm a fan for sure. I love Hawaiian food!"  as the overwhelming smell of sewage forced me to leave before I could order. We instead went next door to ""On the Grill"""  optional Asian salad) but the mac salad has remained the same. There isn't much to choose from for the non-meat eater. The fried shrimp is too oily for my taste." Other items on the menu to take note of would be the Moco Loco and Spam Moco which are also common foods amongst the locals in Hawaii.  If you seek a quick place for some Hawaiian type comfort food this restaurant is pretty good.  With generous portions and plenty of seating The restaurant is bigger  here but the place isn't kept as cool as it needs to be to dine in comfort on a hot day.  Then there's an awful overpowering smell of water damaged ceilings/walls that just made me think this location wasn't clean." My favorite is the chicken katsu. Just like back home with one scoop rice and authentic mac salad. The cooks and servers are always friendly and the food only takes as long to be made to order. Great portions alway have one order for lunch and dinner.  I just wish they would get kim chi." "Please do not eat here and expect to get a real ""plate lunch"" like in Hawaii. The food is pretty good for a fast rice bowl type of restaurant. You get quite a bit of food for the money and it seems to be pretty fresh. The flavors are still lacking though...plus their macaroni salad isn't like in Hawaii...and it has way too much mayo. Overall  but I don't think it's enough to get me back.  Maybe if the price dropped a buck or two." I like it!  And it turns out it is right down the street from my house!"  but I have never liked any type of macaroni salad at all!  Their sauce that goes on the chicken is pretty good.  The price is decent and you get a good amount of food.  Whenever I get a combo I always have leftovers and I have it for the next day or for dinner.  This place is good for a quick bite!" Reasonable price and delicious food." Did a late dinner run last night just before closing. Been to several of this chains locations in California which means I generally like the Hawaiian food fixes that they serve up. Ordered kalbi ribs and they gave me the ribs but no meat attached!  When I questioned them about it they acted offended however the manager finally came by and provided me with a few more bones. Rice was dry and hard from sitting for awhile. Definitely not Ono! "We first went to the Avondale location many years ago and the food was great. I worked on 16th Street & Indian School at the time so the Thomas location made sense to stop in for dinner after work. We have also dined at the Scottsdale location & all three are great!!  The food is always fresh  comes on a bed of cabbage and a scoop of rice and macaroni salad.  A great spot for an asian type lunch with big portions and quick service."  definitely go for the smaller plate option.  My eyes tend to be larger than my stomach and I can never finish the full-sized katsu plate spam 2/5 just not too good and I do like spam."  but good thing about plate lunch is it is just as good when you get it home as when it was put in the box.  Writing this made me Ono for Ono y-uHaMLLWQydSyWJawLIUw for fast hawaiian food this is goood! I'm in love with the beef ribs ( don't remember proper name) I just wish more came with it! my boyfriend loves the bbq chicken huge portains! macaroni salad is goood! a great place for some hawaiian taste! hang loose brah'  ;) I love their kalua pork and the macaroni salad. I am a big fan of this place and I will definitely keep coming back here! BBQ mix is great and is a lot of food  not very fresh and the meat was very poor quality and fatty. I got the curry chicken and the BF got the bbq beef. They were pretty meh. I also have tried the veggie noodle soup which was probably the best thing I have had here. It was not 'good' but it was better for sure. I probably wouldn't go back." Overpriced Hawaiian food "I haven't run across authentic Hawaiian food in the Valley until coming to Ono Hawaiian BBQ.  Unlike most Hawaiian BBQ places that give you a ton of food  then I saw the portions. We ordered the Chicken Katsu meal and the Short ribs meal and it was enormous! The chicken was so crispy and went very well with the mountain of macaroni salad and rice (not to mention a bunch of katsu sauce). The short ribs were also delicious! They gave a generous amount and the marinade they used was perfect. We had so much left over I had it for another meal! I had recently gone to an expensive Korean BBQ restaurant that had ""premium Angus short ribs"" and I wish I had just gone to Ono instead! Haven't tried their spam musubi but I plan to in the near future!" I can't wait to try their Spam musubi... Aloha Ono Hawaiian BBQ Overall it was and ok experience!" "I like to pop in here for a quick lunch with my husband sometimes. I always get the BBQ Chicken and Katsu combo. Pretty good! The macaroni salad... honestly they should seriously consider packaging that stuff and just selling it by the pint. Id buy it! The only reason I wouldnt rate this place any higher is the services is always mediocre. They often dont have the side stuff stocked (forks The seafood Mix is my go to but pretty much all the combos are good. The spam masubi is a must and the macaroni is my favorite part of each combo."  though. The order clerks were not very friendly. It was like pulling teeth to ask them any questions about the menu or to request extra condiments." Great food I love the BBQ chicken & chicken katsu combo. I just don't recommend if in a rush the wait can be upto thirty minutes sometimes that's the only bummer I know of.  nothing too exciting though. The soda machine was not dispensing right- they needed to add the syrup. I got tea instead because I didn't feel like waiting for the counter girl to fix it and there were other people in line. The restaurant was pretty dirty. The place definitely could use a good deep clean..." Always a good place to eat....always reminds me of back home in tje South Bay.....love the Mac salad.....Yummy!!! Al the meat is juicy n tender.....just love it......I add some Sriracha and it takes it to a differnt level....just outstanding! !! One thing I didnt like I didnt see my Kalib ribs...no bueno.  they do such a great business nothing has time to get old. It is worth the time to check this place out Their portions are very generous  f all their food was very flavorful even before adding their sauces. Their cabbage which is a filler was not seasoned . We do like the sauces also their chicken was chopped into very small pieces maybe over cooked Maybe you should check your order before you leave. I'm sure this was a fluke and hopefully will be fixed soon Be sure to try classics like Kalua pork and the Musubi's. And remember that no Hawaiian meal is complete without the macaroni salad and scope of rice."  but it was not terrible. The marinade on the BBQ chicken was decent but quality of chicken wasn't impressive. It came with rice and macaroni salad (which was good but again nothing special). Overall a decent meal for a cheap price but nothing that stood out."  mac salad is hot (it was a 5 minute drive).  The spam musubi tasted weird not like the stuff you get from 7-11 on the Big Island.  Sorry  & sweet Hawaiian rice. There food is cooked to order so if you're in a hurry you can call ahead" "Best macaroni salad I've ever had and love the cooked cabbage.  I've been here twice now and have had the BBQ beef and chicken.  Love the sauce and flavor.  You get a lot of food for the money.  Meat is a little fatty It's been my go to for the last few days. As a classically trained chef that says a lot!!! ENJOY AND GRATITUDE!!  she said the what sauce? We don't put any sauce on any of our food. Well I said I guess I'll eat elsewhere cause I came to eat hawaiian food and this wasn't. What looked like the mgr standing there looking at us never gave me an explanation of any kind. This is Ono hawaiian bbb and is not anything like hawaiian food."  or find a small mom and pop shop like Aloha Kitchen in the east valley." Rating just based on the first 5 secs I came in.. the girl at the counter just looked at us.. didn't greet us or even say if she can take my order.. she just stood there looking at me.. and after ordering she didn't even say thank you... Or anything Worst customer service ever.. first and last time here.  not bad for fast food restaurant." "The food is really delicious here and definitely is made fresh to order. My favorite dish is the barbecue chicken over cabbage white rice and scoops of macaroni salad  though they skimp a little on the rice. Based on my friends' advice (they're regulars) I would recommend you order the plate which comes with barbecue and katsu."  or perhaps it's because the girl at the counter doesn't know how to crack a smile and seems disinterested in creating a pleasant customer experience. Don't waste your time or money."  but I don't mind about it. I dislike the employees there. They are so rude.They can be really cheap with the meats "food here is amazing and priced just right.  if you are looking for great BBQ to go or dine in The food was good. We didn't have to wait long. We chose to dine-in but our food was still served in a plastic take-out container. Real plates and silverware would have been nice. The bathrooms were filthy and the floor sticky and wet.  and the food came out surprisingly fast. The best part of lunch was the Guava Nectar Visit the much better Hawaiian options in Phoenix! ""cough Paradise cough""" I was not super impressed. I got the curry dish and the curry was more like a gravy with no flavor. I am also not a huge fan of dark chicken meat. It was OK and I will probably go back to try the seafood but I don't have high hopes.  it was good. Everything was cooked to order so there was a little wait which I didn't mind. Great for lunch."  but the customer service tonight was absolutely terrible. My order was taken correctly but the cook had forgotten to make the extra side of chicken that I had ordered. This would have been fine if it wasn't for the fact that I then had to stand around for another 10 minutes while watching other customers that ordered after me get their food. The icing on the cake was the fact that the server  but really enjoyed my BBQ chicken on this visit. Also liked the choice of regular rice plate or plate with green salad option.  Good portion  and in to-go boxes because they know you might not finish the huge amount of food they provide. My fianc and I were craving Hawaiian bbq and this was the only place open at 7:30pm on a Sunday. I highly recommend this place if you want your island bbq fix."  and their Hawaiian Sun Guava Nectar canned drink. The disappointing thing is that the drink was probably the best part. The kalua pig was mediocre - possibly because I'm used to the homemade kind  you order and after 12 minutes they tell you it's going to be 15 minutes more? And ""we have a lot of tickets""?? Bull Fucking Shit. If I wanted to wait 30 minutes for a fucking meal   I had curry chicken both over sticky rice and salad. Reminds me of plate lunches in the Islands." "Well it is what it is.  A Hawaiian food place trying to get as close as possible to the real thing.  Watery Katsu sauce and Kikkoman soy sauce does not do it any justice.  Take my advice "I give it a three because of the quality of food. I really enjoy it. But the service is absolutely terrible! The girl running the cash register barely spoke and looked super angry plus she was texting on her phone the entire time I was there. In Addition my food took almost 20 minutes! With three people in the restaurant This place has roaches. Not good. Stay away unless you like to dine with creepy little uninvited friends....  but have had the food before at another location. Staff was nice  no sense of urgency getting your food to you. I waited like 7 or 8 min longer than it usually takes. Im never in here more than 4 min and I have my food  sad to say the cabbage was the best part of the meal.  The Mac Salad that people love so much had a fishy taste to me!  Is that normal I wonder?  The beef was borderline gross with the texture and bad flavor!  The boneless chicken thighs weren't exactly horrible Please get some customer service here" Excellent Chicken Katsu! BBQ beef was not nearly as good. My rice was so soggy and mushy. After we ate we felt sick to our stomach. Dont recommend this place. Walked in and walked right back out. It smelled so bad like sweaty mildew. I can't even explain it. It was unbearable and I won't be back. Please get some customer service here...fix it Jesus!"  it's nice to see somewhere that serves proper Mac salad. I'm also fond of the curry-- I believe they do a great job on that."  clean and delicious Hawaiian food... Makes me Hawaii..." This is where we go when we don't have time to cook"  it was a good place to eat but now overall the service & food is not authentic Hawaiian. I would give no stars if I could." I would rate zero stars if I could..." ---Re-reading my own review and now I'm pissed that I didn't send it back Our waitress finished up her performance by adding up our bill incorrectly.   I'm on the fence whether or not to just ban the restaurant from my list of possibilities...I love bbq but ugh." I spent the whole time picking through the meat to find a few bites that were not filled with fat. It's too bad that they are willing to serve such fatty meat because the sauce and the side dishes were great.  If only the main dish had been as good as the waiter and the rest of the food."  seriously it was not fatty or I never would have polished the whole thing off. I liked it that much! I have no qualms with throwing shitty food in the garbage where it belongs. The taste was really good with just the right smokey flavor the meat was tender and not dry. I was so full I didnt even touch my sides so I cant say anything about the fries  and this one was interspersed with the classic ""No Substitutions"" for the lunch special Still sad about the whole thing!"  maybe this was a fluke given that not all the reviews here are negative.  But I don't think there's any way we're trying them again."  place was clean and people seemed happy." Best bar-b-q in north Phoenix for sure.  she apologized and said that they come frozen. She said that they get steamed before coming out.  I couldn't believe that a BBQ restaurant would have frozen meat. WTH?  This place was so disappointing.  I will not be coming back." I'll be looking for other bbq restaurants to fulfill any future bbq cravings because this place just didn't do it for me." "There are two places in Phoenix that have the BEST barbecue sauce.  Honey Bears is the ""Not sweet"" one  the sauces were very very good! We will definitely be going back for more!" KIDBCCT6KB8oI1Poj4NkmA I would not recommend going here to anyone. I personally will not be going back."  the pork sandwiches we had were terrific & very BIG.Their sauce is good too. We'll definitely be back." Had the brisket and the bbq beef sandwich + sides.  Everything was no good.  The meat was dry the sides were bland.  If you're looking for good BBQ in the Phoenix area I recommend Honey Bears or Bobby Q's. 