"I have been coming here for several years!  Laurie and Katie are both extremely friendly!  Katie does a fabulous job styling my hair  and comfortable atmosphere. They are very friendly and extremely professional.  Everybody goes to ""The Strip""  now and then-take a little stroll up the road and see what I'm talking about."  talks to you like you've been friends for years.  I brought my sister in for a keratin treatment a while ago and she too is now a loyal customer of Katie's.  It's just a great place." Best haircut ever!  And the ladies smell nice too.  coloring and basically an awesome place for your hair! A down-to-earth place I return to over "Best barbershop in the phoenix area.  Go to Vadim...he is like the michael jordan of cutting hair! 16 bucks and some change with a military discount. Straight razor lineup OtDcALEX6-LfEOQE0QgHYw  but I will explore other options first to see if I find something better."  great atmosphere. I will probably return again." "My husband got the worst haircut ever today from Jackie. Right off the bat she started shaving his head too close and too high on the sides and then cut it way too short on top. When my husband said ""This isn't what I asked for"" You owe it to yourself to give it a shot I grew up going to an old school barbershop and this has definitely became my spot since moving to Phoenix." OtDcALEX6-LfEOQE0QgHYw  and knew scissor cutting well. The hot towel and straight blade neck shave was a nice touch to finish. Check it out if you're looking for somewhere new!" This place is absolutely outstanding the service is exceptional especially from Vic and Willy who are masters of their craft and you get a big screen TV a complementary soft drink and a wonderful big comfy chair to sit in I would recommend this place for any gentleman who needs a wonderful haircut I'm not going anywhere else from now on." """Boybershop"" bring your boys in for the full treatment. Omar did a great job trimming up our 2.5 year old!" A pool table. Reminiscent of a bye gone era. Best cut I've had in years. Thanks Omar Hands down the best hair cut I have had....I have been coming here for 3 years now and the level of service is unmatched by any other place I've been. Issac is the man here but everyone does a great job! Great first time experience at a barbershop! Had tvs playing espn while you wait and had a lot of guys working so it wasn't that long. The guy who cut my hair really took his time and did a great job. Will be back! Would definitely recommend this place Omar has been cutting my hair for a few months so of course I would cone here for my wedding haircut.  He never lets me down! "I'm writing this review on behalf of my husband because he won't get his hair cut anywhere but V's.  Even on a busy day "I've gone to this place a few times now and will not be going anywhere else.  The barbers I've had are very skilled. Nothing is worse than someone messing up your hair.  What I like the most is they don't rush you in and out like a normal hair place does. They take there time and even sometimes have some good conversation if you want' so there could be a down side about waiting. But don't look at it that way because believe me when it's your turn   and ESPN on all of the TVs. Thank you David for the great shoe shine." "Very misleading and deceptive. Trying to submit a schedule appointment but system is down. Called to arrange an appointment and Eddie said ""just come in we're slow today"" I show up and he tells me he's booked! Not the way to earn someone's business and I'm a loyal type of consumer that tips well. Oh well take my business elsewhere. Not worth driving 20 minutes for this type of treatment."  and haircut.  I paid the same price but there was no shampoo or shoeshine. The place was crazy busy and I'd recommend an appointment or you'll be waiting a long time.  I'd probably go back but only get a haircut and not add on anything additional." "I am have been looking for a ""real"" barbershop for a while. This place has it all. Good service and always an amazing haircut. Don't waste your money anywhere else."  the barber sat down his friend from outside of work before me. Never again will I get an expensive lousy haircut from this joke of a barbershop. Last but definitely not least  not tense or awkward like a lot of barbershops when you first walk in. Sports on the Tv and a warm towel to end a great first experience  they messed my hair up so bad I had to seek other options. V's is right around the corner and I can't believe I waited so long to come here. My haircut was on point and it was the same price as sports clips!" I finally got a haircut over an hour later. Great cut but the shop could use better management." OtDcALEX6-LfEOQE0QgHYw They do all that chicky stuff too including waxings but I can't say that I got experience from them on that end." Only disappointment is they don't do shaves."  I won't go anywhere else.  I brought my grown children there ARTHUR TURNED MY DAUGHTERS HAIR INTO A MASTERPIECE!!  I am so pleased with the service at this salon  his son Scott and granddaughter Sarah all made me feel welcome during my visit.  I received a cut I can't wait to get my hair styled next ;)" V's has now opened another location down by the new AJ's in Chandler next to AJ's on Chandler Heights Rd They actually do the shave with a straight blade and the hot towel and shoeshine are complimentary with your cut. I would reccomend V's to any guy looking for a good cut in an atmoshpere where you feel like a local magnate in the community."  and some friendly young Eastern European men to make small talk with- but it's even better because these guys have some mad hair cutting skilz and their straight razor shave is super smooth.  Do the hot towel and you're a fan too."  where the time goes....."  with the exception that they have small lcd tv's at each chair.  Not that you would need them though since the barbers are all great to talk to should you feel like a little convo with a haircut."  let alone for a drop by hair cut.  It is making me change times for hair cuts from my usual post work (5:30 to 6 pm) to sometime in the afternoon and heading back into the office afterward.  Oh well ""Involuntary Shudder""..." Yes it is located next to a busy restaurant with Arcadia Tavern but they do help you out with free valet. If you are looking for a good haircut go to V's on Indian School and ask for Rony." I highly recommend Ronnie for his professional services.  From the time I walked in the door to the time I left  get your shoes shined or just to hang out with the guys  this guy's a freak of nature with a razor in his hand." My only complaint is that their loyalty program is pretty much nonexistent.  They tout it and I have given them my email.  But in my 8+ years of going they have never sent me even the smallest promotion or discount."  she switched the tv to Nick and made him play.  This place has the great barber chairs and has a great musky smell. They sell giftcards and so a great gift for the male in your life. At the end they gave my son a certificate for completing his first haircut."  so you might need to valet (complimentary) or park across the street. Saturdays are really busy so if you choose to walk in prepare to wait a few  and barbers sometimes make me feel guilty for making their lives difficult. Nodari cut my hair Each regular cut ends with a straight edge shave and hot or cold towel Too expensive for a haircut.  Shoe shine?  I am wearing flip flops.  Everyone wanted tips. Love this place. Great haircut and shoe shine. Would recommend. byzQuxKTO8huhkPTTsTWoA Worse - Parking is a nightmare. They share this extremely small parking lot with a very popular tavern. Parking is across the street at Safeway if it is crowded." Got a good haircut. Could use some work on communication with the customers. Keep up the good work!" I received the best haircut I've had in ages. I saw a barber named Josh who had been recommended for his skills. Josh worked very fast which made me a little nervous at first because I've had a lot of disappointing haircuts at other places across the country but I can easily say I will be a regular here and I highly recommend V's and Josh for his excellent work." A tip to everyone out there. Please wash your hair before going to the barber out of respect for the staff. No one wants to finger through greasy They use great product ( art of shaving) and everything is clean and organized. They are a little pricy but we are talking about your face here!" If you're looking for a quality professional barber go here." Still great. Easy in and out. Always there to give you great service. Keep up the great work in. Arcadia  they'll get it right. Then comes the warm lather and hot towel wrap. I swear I have fallen asleep at this part. So relaxing. Then comes the shaving itself. They take their time here. They get it right. They go over and over and make sure you have a smooth shave. Then another round of the hot towels and finished up with some after shave and you are out the door to go conquer your next battle." I've NEVER gotten a bad haircut at any V's Barbershop  and it turned out great. Love the hot towel shave as well. Very reasonably priced too for the fantastic service you're getting. Won't go anywhere else now!" They close at 6 and that's that.  Don't ask for any favors.  As a loyal long time customer I got turned away right at 6.  Always great service and a great cut but after this I'm seriously considering taking my business else where. byzQuxKTO8huhkPTTsTWoA And that was and will be my last visit to V's Barbershop." "I've been going here for about 15 years and would recommend V's to anyone and now that I have two sons they also go to V's.  While I will sit in any open chair since everybody is friendly and does a great job  but ended up at this spot based on Yelp reviews and got my TOP 2 best haircut experiences ever. Great experience in the shop  and professional. If you make an appointment they are always ready right away. If you don't If you're used to going to salons and having professional cuts  but professional barber. One of the best haircuts I've had. It's worth the extra few bucks..." definitely my new barber spot. Being in Arcadia I wasn't sure if it was going to be my style but all the barbers are great. I've had cuts by the fellas in the 2nd and 3rd chairs Richard and Josh.Both guys are on point. They listen to what you want and make sure it looks clean before you walk out. Richard uses mostly Oster. Josh uses Oster but something else too that I couldnt tell at first glance (maybe an older Andis). They all use Derby blades in the straight edge. The corded massage thing is all right ...next time I'll be ok without it. I come through to walk out with fade thats on point and its happenned every time.  will keep setting appointments for the foreseeable future. No complaints here."  shampoo.  The facial was a very relaxing.  I never knew what I was missing!  This place is unlike any shop I've been to.  Service was second to none.  Alex is great!  I would recommend this as a great Christmas gift for any guy."  I called the shop and asked to speak to a manager who hung up the phone after I voiced my concerns. The disrespect and lack of cliental accommodation is atrocious. The sense that the barbers are ""too good"" for some peoples business is a heavy vibe in the shop. Although the skill may be in the shop "Found this gem when I moved into the neighborhood and so lucky I did! The experience here is second to none and barbers are top notch! I did a cut and shave today with Gus Alex is the best barber in Phoenix and I go out of my way to have him cut my hair.  and an all around great experience getting a haircut or shave!!" Would highly recommend it!" "I've been coming here for a long time. The atmostphere is cool. The magazine selection is fantastic. The place has gone downhill a little bit. The stylists used be peppy efficient friendly decent people. Now they all seem to be extremely slow I got what I would consider a decent hair cut for the price and will be back."  they wash your hair AFTER the cut to get rid of cut bits and looks like you would normally look hitting the road..  Add in a hot towel I highly recommend them over any barber  although they did cut my hair fairly nice and the neck shave was swell. It was just too expensive for a generic haircut every 5 weeks or so. My hair grows quick haha. If I wanted to pay this much each time  I think they're doing something right. Take it from someone who's been going to both Athleticuts for the past 10 years. This place is outstanding." Fantastic haircut from Sadie! You really get a great value for the price if your looking for a good haircut with some nice amenities like shampoo and scalp massage!  straight razor and hot towel. I'd look Sefi's Cuts up before chancing it at this haircut chain."  I just don't look like I do.  The experience we had is not what I would expect of a place marketing to families. The guy who cut my sons hair was terribly rude. He was rough on my son's head and then didn't want us watching him finish the haircut after hurting him. That was so creepy. Apparently he is the manager today. The other person working mentioned that he is not great with people.. Kind of a problem. I think he did t want me there because I am female. They had dads back there watching their son's haircuts."  I was completely ignored. Nonetheless I sat and waited for over 20 minutes and the gentlemen before me still waited for the one person cutting hair to finish the person he was working with. I understand this may seem like a small issue but when it's 4pm on a Friday you would think they would staff according. There are plenty of places in the Phoenix area to get a mediocre/simple haircut for a reasonable price. This is by far the last choice for me!!" 