"I have said it on other sites and will repeat here. You MUST try their burgers. They are juicy and delicious with a bun that is perfect. Another must are the fries with Guinness gravy and if you haven't had enough go for the ultimate sleeper  but the beer was cold and the food was amazing.  I would recommend paddy's to anyone."  Smithwicks and Harp on tap..."  I would. I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy  that's not what this place is about.  It's a town Irish bar and it serves great solid Irish fare and suds to the locals.  And it does it better than anyone.  I go back again and again."  that they had to keep that same curmudgeon of a bartender that ruins the experience. Can somebody notify me once they get rid of him?"  they have cold Guinness. And Irish music.  And fun patrons." First stop on the Munhall Beer Crawl 2011. It was just a local dive with local beers. No microbrews or imports." With all of the other options in the area Very friendly local dive bar. There is nothing special going on here but friendly folks and cold beer. This is exactly the kind of place I like to hang out in.  and fair prices-- nice casual place. The service can be a little slow due to how popular the place gets at peak times." They have a ten dollar minimum for credit cards  only good. Justin was satisfied with his meal. Its a good place to eat if you live in the neighborhood but I wouldn't recommend going out of your way." Great Bar in the up and coming Homestead area.....Highly recommend"  and this has become a favorite. I've had the Hot Roast Beef & Fries and the Corned Beef on Rye Stopped by on a Mon evening after trying to dine at Smoke Taqueria which is closed Mondays. Parking on street in front or behind off Hay St. Super friendly bartender. In warmer months they have huge outdoor area & big screen & upstairs cornhole game area. Okay draft beer selection and big bottle selection. Tried the italian club which was really good - two of us split one. Also tried sweet potato fries - amazingly good! Home made chips w bleu were overpowered by sauce. Bathroom was in need of plaster and wall repairs & was grossed out by toilet brush holder on a shelf near toilet at eye level. Bet it's a fun place in warmer months. Awesome wings and pubgrub! Great beer selection and fun bartenders. This place is overrated. A friend and I were looking forward to a beer and some good bar food- instead the wings were terrible and the beer was good but overpriced. There's nothing wrong with this place I just don't understand the clout around it. There should be no clout.  but the food was average at best.  We were there on a Pens Playoff night and there were 2 people working all the tables in both rooms.  Our food came to us cold and unimpressive at that.  Our orders were somewhat mixed up.  The potato skins used a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing.  I tasted a slice of pizza  and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders (ie I'll definitely be back since I live in the area." "Duke...the owner...is the man.  He's a true Pittsburgher and he loves everyone from Pittsburgh.  He looks like he'll beat you up but he's a softy with a big heart.  Look for the bald guy with the raspy voice and make friends...he'll hook you up.  He's also totally into the development of other Pittsburgh businesses and he hosts events for local startups.  Ask him for a tour of the old Eat n Park next door...I believe his intention is still to turn it into an incubator of sorts.  Fortunately I'd say Duke's is a good place to drink "Food is good here. Great beer selection on tap. Sometimes the beer is on the pricey side. What I want from a neighborhood bar is a neighborhood special. Pinkerton is one of the best sandwiches. Good place to watch football  I wish I could purchase it. I am not a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great & reminds me of a fatheads sandwich. Food portion is great. The only complaint I would have if any is the craft beer is a little on the pricey side "Came back tonight after a hiatus and missing out on getting food from the Franktuary truck at Voodoo Homestead. I was going to get a burger until I saw on the back of the menu that they do prime rib on Saturday evenings. For $19 you got a large cut of meat Was not over fried. The French fries were hot and also very good. We will definitely be going again to try something different." I've always been treated with a welcoming vibe from the staff and I don't have any complaints."  is the vast improvement in draft beer selection. I counted 46 beers on tap. If you are a beer head and are at the Waterfront shopping are I find it frustrating to read bad reviews about great bars and restaurants that are based on almost nothing. I eat and drink here about once a month and everything is great. I have eaten here around 50 times and never had a bad meal. Great draft and great service. This is the best bar in this area. I am looking forward to returning to Duke's this summer when I can sit outside and enjoy some craft beer and those delicious wings." The chili dogs rock!  The portions are huge so come hungry.  Big selection of appetizers that go beyond the standard bar food list.  Great selection of draft beer.  Noise level is good for lunch but may be loud for dinner. Love dukes and love the food. I wish i could figure out the closing times or i wouldnt plan so many after work gatherings. Their food is amazing never had a bad meal and their prices are standard for crafts and actually pretty cheap for domestic  and the staff! I highly suggest it to everyone who likes good beer and good food!" My youngest son had chicken tenders. They looked a little over cooked but I tasted one and it was good. The coating was crispy and the chicken was juicy. My older son ordered wings with their house made sauce. It was good but not spicy enough for him. I thought it was good and would order it the next time I go." Onion rings were horrible. Extremely breaded and doughy. Greasy as all get out. I hope the chef will take the hint when all of the breading comes back What a cool place in Homestead. Love the environment and the food was really good. Stop here then head to the Waterfront to see a movie. It will be a great night.  steak on the salad was ice cold even though we were asked how we wanted it cooked so I assumed it was cooked to order and would come out at least warm. The inside of the place was clean and neatly decorated so that is a positive. Really loud place inside. I'd come here for the awesome draft selections but might pass on the food."  good prices and selection on beer and solid service. Geographically not in the most convenient of locations though  but tasty enough.  Pleasant atmosphere and bartender was very friendly.  Would like to go back when the weather is better and the back deck is open.  Overall The transformation of this place is beyond amazing. If you haven't been there in a while you owe it to yourself to check it out. Clean and consistent. Friendly and fresh. Hands down our favorite place to eat in the area. Decent beer selection. Waitress was very pleasant and attentive. Bar staff not so much this visit. We were ignored until I grabbed a table in the back. Neither of us weren't very happy about this. Possibly a no standing policy since there was only one empty chair at the bar? At least say something acknowledge the customer that has been standing clearly in your view for 10 min obviously waiting for a drink."  the outdoor section is also really spacious and great for warm weather days. Beer selection is great and the bartenders waitstaff are ALWAYS on their game. When I come with large groups I find that the waitresses are always very attentive and quick on their feet. If I had one minor complaint it would be with the food. Some people might like it but when it comes to appetizers I just find that they go wayyyy overboard with the greasiness breading. I would highly recommend Duke's to anyone who is looking to mix it up." FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! . . . . BRING ON THE BEER!"  but at least it's different from going to an ordinary restaurant." sbW8qHJgzEIH42B0S-3New I like the atmosphere.  I like the bar area.  Perhaps next time we'll just stop by for drinks instead." Food is just ""ok"" Drink prices are fair but not great." Overall Dave and buster's is unique to the Waterfront  fun and laughter and maybe stop somewhere else for drinks and a bite to eat (skip the bountiful chains that span the Waterfront and try Blue Dust on Amity Street)." The manager was really nice... Of course that disgusting sandwich that I didn't eat was free."  so I can't rate the restaurant part of Dave and Busters." "We came here on a Saturday night and luckily it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be. I love playing ticket games so luckily there were a lot of games to chose from and not many video games (sorry video game lovers!) We only played $20 worth of games and surprisingly we were there for awhile. I love their new Wheel of Fortune game! On our first play There are so many other choices for lunch that are local and close.  I would definitely recommend another in Squirrel Hill - I suggest you use Yelp to find you a better one (then come back and play! ;-) )"  I had a bar tab (that wasn't out of control) and my night ended up costing me $60" "I love Dave and Busters!!  It is a great place to go when you are wanting to have a great time with a great group of friends.  If you find you and your friends bored on a Friday or Saturday night "Dave and busters is the best place to eat and play games. There is many fun games and prizes to win. I highly suggest if you want to plays games  I didn't like my experience at Dave and Busters. I remembered it being a fun place to go and unwind as an adult. but between all the kids and the crappy service Not a cheap night out you will end up spending money here.  But it is busy fun entertaining and a good time out.  I ate dinner here and the food was great i also played pool and the arcade games.  my Tropical Mojito was awesome! My friend and I are definitely planning on going back on a Wednesday for half-price games AND half-price drinks."  but only order beer at the bar and don't expect a smile."  but only after I eat elsewhere first." - Fun time overall with the wife." Mediocre service. COLD food! Our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted. Bland food. Crazy overpriced. Long waits in the arcade. 1 beer per hour maximum.  Avoid at all costs. Fair manager.  we had empty glasses and our waitress had never even come around to see if we needed refills except for one time. She said she'd come back right away with our refills...yea * they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having a guardian over 30 years old" We went before 9 pm and there were a ton of kids there on a Friday night. I do suggest if you want to avoid the children to go after 9."  D&B's is a good spot to stop at for food and entertainment.  Just don't expect to be seated in the restaurant portion  I was really impressed! The amount of tickets to be won was incredible. We usually got 200 tickets per play on average. Compared to Playdium here "A fun place and lots to do but a bit pricy. $20.00 will buy you a hundred points which will last you a little over an hour.I recommend the bowling game   PA last night. Waitress mixed up our credit cards and gave my brothers credit card to someone else and he theirs. Charged them already too - both incorrectly My brother had to walk around and find out who it was. Waitress never apologized. GM was extremely rude and refused to give my brother his original receipt back saying they had thrown it out. DID NOTHING TO REMEDY the situation and ignored us the rest of our visit - not even a refill. After spending over $300 plus games "Most of the games were out of order and I had to find one of those referee looking people to fix 2 of them that took some of our credits.  Apathetic service staff all around  in that time-frame we played 250 credits (cost= $40) but it was half-price games."  they split the difference between fun and professional. Special shout out to Riley "I still love this place!  I spent my 36th birthday at D&B's and it was a wise decision!  i had so much fun  but a great spot to enjoy a few drinks & watch sports on the big screens. It's great for adult fun after 10pm. Great for a first date if you like to have a good fun & feel relaxed"  about the same quality that you'd get at an Applebee's or some place similar -- good but not great.  My steak was tough I had been here one other time for an organized happy hour for a past employer and remember very similar service but I never got the chance to give them any credit.  I think D&B is an awesome place when you need some space for your next event." It's a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards I held for it."  staff is friendly and its a good way to waste time before a movie. They do have good  food. Gets a 3 stars because I get bored easily at this location."  but it has gone down hill over the years. The games are not as fun and do not give you as many tickets and the prizes have gotten cheaper in quality. It takes a whole heck of a lot of tickets for you to even get a pencil! The atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest games and diverse groups of people! Now "I was here on 10 3 and I have to say this was a horrible experience.  Me and a friend went here to eat and play a couple games afterwards.  It took the waitress at least 10-15 minutes to greet us and by that time we knew we should just order then because we might not see her again.  We ordered and got our drinks and well let's just say we didn't see the waitress again until she was giving us our check (some manager delivered the food to the table).  No refill on my beverage I recently stopped there with my girlfriend and her kids to celebrate her daughters 21's birthday. I ordered the fish and chips. Don't order the fish and chips unless you want to lube your insides for months. I know I probably got the one that got away and they refried it 3 times. The outside breading was hard as a rock and had no taste. The fish itself was bland. After a few bites I called over the waiter who was very nice and funny and complained by showing him how hard the fish was by tapping the fish against the plate making a loud thud noise. He grabbed my plate and took it to his manager. But before doing so asked if I wanted something else I said no I had lost my appetite. The manager came out looked around and walked right out of the area. I was thinking he would have stopped but didn't oh well. The waiter took my meal it off the bill. I have eaten there before and the food was good. Sometime you just get one that isn't.  the last couple of times I've gone I've gotten 2 hours of arcade games for a very cheap price (Mario Kart  let me say that I find the people who usually work at Dave and busters usually don't care or seem to be angry and hate their job. A friend and I went here and found that a couple of the machines ran out tickets and someone was always there and happy to help. The staff went out of their way to make sure we had a good time. The manager Tony was very sweet and made sure everything was ok. Every staff member we talked to was extremely nice. This is by far the best Dave and busters I've had been to!" "My sister and law wanted to go here for lunch so all the kids could play games after we all had some lunch together. This place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms. All of the food looked great on the 16 page menu. When our food came though "We checked in at 7:00 pm on a Saturday with a group of 19 for a birthday gathering.  We were originally told 9:00 pm is when we'd be seated To top it off the bathroom had no toilet paper and there was pee everywhere!"  and I felt really bad for the employees that had to work that day Awful awful. Spent 150.00SERVICE WAS TERRIBLE. Took 27 minutes to even be acknowledged. Really. The only saving grace was the kids had fun and the hostess took AMAZING care of us......  Mikey & Big Bob for the 96.1 Kiss FM Listener Appreciation Party.  Kiss really knows how to throw a bash- $10 power cards I guess they are also remodeling their price area so for now there is a make-shift area to cash in your tickets. Everything was pretty picked over  which I have never done before. It was a Saturday night and as someone who works in a restaurant im very sympathetic when it comes to service. We sat at the high tables in the bar area and we did not get greeted or even acknowledged for 30 minutes. I personally had to get a manager and explain to him the situation and he treated me like I was stupid (maybe because im 17?) Also not to mention the little girl next to me is balling her eyes out because she told her server of an egg allergy she has and they still managed to mess it up and give her food marinated in egg. Last I overhead they are heading to the hospital. I'm not writing this message to be spiteful  etc.) and not well maintained or managed at all.  The broken games were sort of comical after a while  over hyped but a hell of a time regardless.  I think if you have a big screen tv at home and a wii you could order pizza get beer and have friends over and have the same experience without the price and glitz.  I've yet to eat something here that impressed me.  The arcade is a bit dated but I like playing the big trivia game more than anything (again  since it's very average. With all these good restaurants close by Fell asleep last night before I got a chance to do my review this place is pretty cool it's just an arcade with a bunch of games they have a bar & u can order food as well the prizes have gotten better however there a few games that weren't working I always go there to either eat dinner or have drinks .never had a problem with the food or drink.sometimes i will play games there sometimes.the girls behind the counter are very nice even the one guy Brett is also nice.he works very hard from what i can see as well as the girls that work there . even the one girl behind the counter was dressed very nice.when i do go there they do know what i like to eat or drink. Although the restrooms should be cleaned a little more. Wednesday's are half off game night. Menu includes some meals that also provide ten dollar game cards. It's loud and crazy but that's what is to be expected. The kids love this place. It's ok. Not my thing but I understand the fascination. sbW8qHJgzEIH42B0S-3New Great games and prizes. Amazing food.great way to enjoy your day with your family!!! Super busy place.  salad and a quesadilla shouldn't take that long. Games were fine. Mens room didn't have any paper towels to dry hands with. Huge fail for this type of venue."  but not a place i would frequently waste my money."  Sean and the managers made sure that our experience was memorable and even added extra touches that made us feel special. Thank you "This wasn't the cleanest place. Dirty paper towels all over the women's bathroom. No changing covers on the changing tables to change your Babies. Very disappointed when I came here compared to the other two I've been too. Also they aren't following corporate policy. Which ok  we went through $50 of games really fast. The gift section is full of fun tchotchkes and prizes if you pay enough to rack up the points! Nevertheless Had an awesome time here with my hubby the food was amazing but the games cost so much an the prizes where ok but all in all a good time I'll be bring the kids with next time  but after my husband came out of the restroom he told me how about 5 other guys walked out of the restroom as well that had not washed their hands and immediately went over to start playing games.  All I have to say is no thanks." "The food was good but we Waited an hour for our drinks then 1.5 hours food then an hour for our bill. Won't be back! Not busy at all so not sure what the problem was. I'd hate to be there when they are ""busy""." I would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat. Drink play games fine. I will never order food there again." Went to Dave and busters to eat.... NO FOOD. Went to Dave and busters to play.. NO GAMES. Then I thought I'd wet my whistle with a cool glass of H2O..they even RAN OUT OF WATER... Some lady even yelled at me in line to purchase game tickets accusing me of cutting line. SUCH HOSTILITY. dave and busters? More like BEAVIS & BUTTHEAD. SMH "This is a place I'd go to just for the games. The food was bad. I had the chicken sliders and there was two pieces of wood in the sandwich which I found in my mouth. Granted the manager did take off the price of the sliders but everyone's fries were lukewarm. My sister got the chicken fingers and wow I'll be back for sure but this place needs some serious staff updating."  but the staff rudely expressed this and smirked at us because we were under 21. Awful place with rude people." Moved onto gaming area where approximately 1 out of 5 games were not operating properly. This place has really gone down hill in the past 3-4 years. We will NOT be going back!"  eat somewhere else then head here to play." 4pm on a Friday afternoon and I got turned away for being 8 days under 21 I had no intention drinking and there was all of 4 people in the place even if I was 21 I would go to rivers downtown it's not like they can put a wristband saying I'm 20 or anything. worst service wver i asked for someone to come over 3 times and we sat at a table for 20 minutes while a whole swarm of servers were just walking around passing us. not to mention alllll the tables in the whole game room were dirty. even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us. drinks took forever too and it wasnt busy at all the bartenders didn't care much they stood there for awhile. we will still go here just not try to eat. they need some structure in the work atmosphere. I am extremely disappointed in how the staff and manager delt with this and will not return to this specific Dave n Busters."  some creepy middle aged man came up to me and my wife asking if he gets us a certain amount of tickets on a game (which we had to pay for) then we buy him an alcoholic beverage. What in the world is wrong with this man?!?! Couldn't find any management workers to advise so we just walked away and avoided him for the rest of the night."  this place is highly unhygienic. they don't clean any silverwares "The service was terrible. Games are games at any Dave & busters but service makes or breaks this place. I understand it was busy tonight because of the fight  and hopefully we will be able to find prizes worth taking home!" Nina the manager and Ashley the cashier extremely RUDE. refused to give me back change from kiosk malfunction. made me leave because I was with my girlfriend who was 20 and I was 23. supposed rule about someone under 21 needs to be with someone 25. rule is in about 3 size font. highly recommend that no one ever goes here. Worst service ever and all of our food was either cold or not what we ordered. Waited over a hour for our food as well. Our service was awful as well. Bathrooms were so disgusting and un-kept. I don't think I have one good thing to say about this place. Games - who doesn't like game? They have a ton of variety from hoops to racing. Afterwards (if you're lucky) you can redeem tokens at their reward store." The show itself was highly entertaining and the crowd seemed to agree -- Lee kept everyone on their toes for the entire 60 minutes.  I can't wait to check out more shows here and flex my skee-ball arm!"  don't try to eat here. Just come and play the games  however things went south fast there were children everywhere and i am not a nice person aroud children when i drink...lol. these kids hogged up everygame the entire night leaving me creating my own entertainment  which involved staring at there young moms and older sisters. I wish there were no kids. After a few hours and a 3 course meal i decided to make my own fun.  I kicked a child off a racing game chair and they precided to cry like a little girl.  She was definitely old enough to understand why she was wrong. After a few choice words with management i will never go back there again and will only lock my kids inside of my car somewhere more adult like seabase." "How ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids. I drove 40 minutes to take my younger brother to Dave and Busters for a fun afternoon but we were denied. Their policy states anybody under the age of 21 must be accompanied by an adult over the age of 25. I'm 22 years old and I don't understand why I can't bring my 12 year old brother to play games. We've gone many times a year for the past 15 years. After todays experience If they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating. 2.5 hour wait and then cold food served. Did not have enough staff in kitchen and never bothered to provide updates. Bathrooms atrocious. Nothing positive to say other than don't go there.  the server kept calling me baby all night. Staff is rude. Half the games don't work. The food is the only good thing this place has because it's somewhat unique. I did a survey that was on my receipt and gave my negative experience and it said a a manger would be in touch based on my answers and it's been a week and no call. What a joke."  a man shows up out of nowhere with a camera asking to take our picture for a keychain--it's free but he's ""working for tips"". Other than these two odd happenings I come to D&B for the games and not the food. Aside from the horrible customer service I've experienced Games were fun...as always. Eat before you come to play!"   the yummy eats and most of their cocktail menu is pretty darn impressive. I always go for the Passion Fruit Sangria or the Backwoods lemonade that comes with a shot in a mini Solo Cup. They can be pricey after a while that's why I show up for happy hour. If you're into gaming do show up on a Wednesday where all games are half off." sbW8qHJgzEIH42B0S-3New  carnivores.  Top notch beer selection and specials.  enjoyed a lot of good bands here too.  nice people My husband and I frequent the Park House on game nights.  The crowd tends to be friendly and social  I was here to check out the place after the hospital mentioned it was a cool bar.  I think all the hype from my colleagues was not justified.........Not a great menu  especially the Middle Eastern selections." This is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh. They have  been getting a lot of bands to play. Especially font of the Wednesday night Blue Grass jam night. The hummus is great. The staff is exceptionally friendly and knows my name. They have a great beer selection too.  the edginess of Ireland and the heart of folk all bended together (for 2-4 mins depending on the blender) and you my friends have the Park House."  this place is on the small side and it isn't loaded with  tv's (though it does have two small ones above the bar.) This is a great bar to get together with friends YRDKsBFYP7G0E8BLJKIkvA  with interesting patrons. The drinks are super cheap - and I was pleasantly surprised when I got my bill. There are peanut shells all over the place It's definitely a great place to chill out with friends on a Saturday night  we landed at Park House. Load me up with some more drinks and the free popcorn and peanuts (which you can just toss the scraps on the floor). I'm sold!! The beers were reasonably priced and this was the type of place where you can gather with friends and just hang out. No pressure at all. The lighting wasn't too dark so it felt intimate where you were sitting. Seems like a neighborhood bar where everyone knew each other. If I find myself in the area again I would head to Park House though there was the occasional creeper but I guess you can find them anywhere." I haven't completely written this place off.  I'll just try again during the week." Downside?  It's a little pricey  but I will absolutely join my friend in support of his quest for the mug." "Really great place to go. There was bluegrass music playing when I went which was a pleasant surprise. It wasn't too loud  combined with the groups of jolly patrons at the surrounding tables and it's no surprise this is a popular I like that this bar is really low key and has a great selection of ciders. I reccomend it as a nice out of the way place or a way to get into the Norhside if you haven't already.  and enjoy the friendly atmosphere at the Park House!" Love it there and would encourage those interested in a bar atmospher with a twist to try it. You won't be disappointed." Over all it's a great bar the owner is a nice guy and you're going to have a great time."  which is the best in town. But I just had the Golani the other night and it was astounding. It's a spinach and cheese patty Bring your appetite and your friends down for a night of great company and amazing atmosphere... I'm fairly certain that you won't be disappointed!"  Wednesday night is banjo night which always draws a crowd. Definitely a hipster bar. Food is fresh & worth trying. Get a dish that includes the house humus." All in all The Park House is a decent spot to hangout! I will definitely be back!!" I would go back just not for the music."  and decent service will keep us stopping in whenever we're in the area and looking for a small snack and a few drinks."  this bar would be my first suggestion.  It has a much younger feel compared to James St. and Max's  especially with his food. Everything he creates is right behind the bar freshly and carefully prepared. If you like any type of Middle Eastern   Mediterranean food including hummus "I was here for the well-known bluegrass night on a Wednesday a couple weeks ago and had a pretty good time. A friend met up with me here and we were able to enjoy the live music close to the bar and actually meet a few of the locals. I enjoyed the crowd- it seemed to mostly consist of 20 and 30 somethings If you are in the area  always good beers on tap and great Mediterranean food.  I started coming here because a friend was bar-tending and it's become one of my favorites on the north side.  I recommend the gyro if you are eating...or anything really." The bar ambiance seemed cool though. So if you are looking for a bar atmosphere "I went here for Bluegrass night following Banjo Night at the nearby Elks Club. What a fun night!!! It is a very fun  and instead of typical bar food they lean towards Greek dishes. The blue grass jam on Wednesdays is a lot of fun and not too loud to still enjoy a conversation. Decent beer prices Hope you enjoy the hole in the wall as much as I did!"  and the live bluegrass on Wednesday nights is totally worth coming out for alone ($2 Yuengling specials for a girl on a budget does not hurt  good menu with not just the regular bar food. Recommend."  so that was fun. The staff was incredibly nice. Only complaint was the prices were a little high. But maybe that's because we're from Wisconsin. Maybe it's normal for here? Either way YRDKsBFYP7G0E8BLJKIkvA Wednesday Bluegrass special  9pm-Midnight $2 Yuengling Drafts" "I hesitate to leave this review simply because I'm afraid my favorite local spot will get too popular! The Park House is awesome. The food is simple and tasty and the beer selection is great. Not sure what you want? Jeremy or one of the other super friendly and knowledgeable bartenders will give you a taste and help you decide. Not hungry enough for dinner but want some snacks with your beer? Peanuts and popcorn are on the house. Trivia on Tuesdays and Bluegrass on Wednesdays are both a great time. Finally YRDKsBFYP7G0E8BLJKIkvA I love you Park House. You're always so good to me. You treat me right. Your spirits warm my soul. Your beers fill my belly. I've taken so much and all I can give back to you is this shitty review.  tout  l'heure.  but in the future we will pass on the food." "Gyros are delicious! Called for a pick up order and it was ready in 10 minutes. They also have a nice beer selection. Bluegrass night on Wednesdays gets pretty crowded YRDKsBFYP7G0E8BLJKIkvA All I can say was I was disappointed. But I have been here when there was a band "This place is a dump. Being new to Pittsburgh we bought a bunch of Groupons to try new places in town. We decided to check out the Park House for a bite to eat and a few drinks. What a joke. Even though the Groupon included menu items "Went to see a friend's band play and grab a bite to eat. I haven't been here in a while and don't remember the menu having a Mediterranean flair. I ordered the Savvy Serbian which was perfectly grilled with swiss cheese and a roasted red pepper spread on a challah roll. (I think that's what the roll was called.) Either way Peanut allergic people: note the mention of a giant bin of peanuts." Awesome joint for some good light food and some amazing beers. Owner does a great job offering some top shelf beer on draught and in bottles. Free peanuts and popcorn thrown in for great customer service. The place doesn't ever say they offer 4 star cuisine so don't complain when you don't get it. Grab a drink and relax in an awesome old school bar.  but The Park House has been quietly serving up the best falafels in the city for years. The menu is eclectic but accessible - nice mix of worldly Middle-Eastern fare alongside classic pub grub. It's clear that the owner - a gregarious Israeli man who goes by Z - takes a lot of pride in his food  carnivores. Top notch beer collection and specials. Loved lots of great groups here also." "Wednesday night is bluegrass music night. Awesome vibe and cheap $2 yuengling drafts until 11. The small stage in the back is right next to the free peanuts so you can throw peanuts at the performers.  They like that !  lol  if showing it's age (though remorselessly)." What's there to say?  It's a Northside institution and always has a mixed crowd that is super cool and friendly.  The bartenders are friendly and manage to remember my name and drink choice even though I'm here only a few times a year.  My Friday nights here must have made quite an impression!  I love the decor here  I get the Wienerschnitzel.  Try the German Potato Salad and or the Sweet and Sour Cabbage.  And don't forget dessert.  The desserts are homemade by the owner's wife." IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ  birthday parties or other types.  i was raised only a few blocks from this place so i've eaten here quite a bit.  i've had most of what's on the menu so it's hard to decide what is best.  very authentic german food and a good neighborhood bar."  you have a lot of options.  The basement ""Rathskellar"" is more bar-like in its atmosphere.  It would be a good place for some guys to have a birthday party or something.  For a rehearsal dinner or other formal event IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ Menu Fav: Potato Pancake Reuben. Forget the bread and wrap your lips around sweet potato pancakes and loads of corned beef. Try the hot potato salad too."  and should be supported for the long standing quality service to the city. Thanks  and cabbage as sides. The bread brought out before the meal included apple butter and sweet & sour relish (cabbage) and those were excellent too. Would love the sweet & sour relish in a side size portion it is so delicious. The red dining room is nicely decorated and love the cuckoo clock that is reminiscent of my grandmother's. The beer out of the mason jar is a fun touch.  Our bill came to $29 (1 beer  service was worse! Went and got Sushi!"  you can't find much better German food than this and at this price!  Both of my parents favor the peasant platter.  Me Have been  eating at Max's for 20 years.  One of the restaurants I misss the most now that I'm out of the 'Burgh.  Visit often and always stop by.  Great food and great Beer....not a bad combo.  I have dreams at night about there wurst platter and spatzele with cheese....definately a don't miss attraction I didn't order the ""corned beef meatballs"" ...I can not believe they make such a thing." "Visiting from San Francisco. Food was mediocre at best. Bland is the best description.  Sausages and  Weiner Schmitzel were unremarkable. Best was the sweet & sour cabbage that accompanied. But also served were over-boiled 'daily vegetable' of snap peas It's hard not to like this place. I'm still having cravings for those pancakes :("  you just want to go back again and again. You'll be in the middle of finals and think ""sampler platter please."" If you're going out in the North Side to catch a game or out to a museum  the food is the only thing you're going for.  The staff could use some help on customer service."  but food was less than mediocre.  Won't be back. Weisswurst was very bland.  Sauerbraten was dry and tasteless.  Spaetzle was We both ended up ordering Max's Goulash that was suggested by another Yelper! You can't go wrong when you have that recommendation. This is not our small town neighborhood goulash made from egg noodles and a mix with ground beef. The noodles in this feast were homemade and chunky I really like this Northside institution.  They serve the beer in jars and I had Spaten German beer- very good.  They put really buttery free popcorn on the table so be careful- the grease sticks to your fingers.  In the bar they have an old fashioned player piano.  I really like the German fare- big portions. The schitzel is good but not great but overall way better than Hofbrauhaus and not Disney- it's the real McCoy. The restaurant was almost empty; I have no idea why the host chose to seat a loud party of five next to a couple having a quiet dinner."  and I hear the beer is pretty good too. If I lived in Pittsburgh  did we ever chow down. About as authentic as you can get and that comes from someone who lived in Bavaria for 3 years and has traveled extensively through Germany over the years. If you're into German food I NEED to go back soon so I can try more of their food. One visit isn't enough. I had my sample and I want more!" Give Max's a try.....it might make your favorite like it did mine!" The goulash was (sickeningly) sweet and the bread pudding wasn't sweet at all.  But the atmosphere is kind of cool.  And the prices are downright cheap.  but I wouldn't suggest it nor would I go on my own.  Oh well Overall a positive experience. I'd go back."  though...please fix your outdoor sign. Usually it shines out like a red and blue beacon in the night for people to find their way there  and a menu I'm looking forward to exploring from top to bottom. They even have my favorite dessert from when I was little "Really excellent German food. Everything on the menu is delicious. I always enjoy the knockwurst platter. The potato pancakes are great.  I used to think German food was always heavy  kind and super nice."  sauerbraten and the basket of German rolls served with sauerkraut salad and apple butter.  The waitresses have been there for years One of my favorites places back home in PA!"  I always end up getting the potato pancakes.  If you are looking for a place to check out that isn't going to be as crowded and will be more ""authentic"" German food than other places you should definitely come to Max's!"  the service was great.  Had a whole feast of great dishes.  The best sauerkraut i've ever had -- subtle I would definitely recommend this place to anybody who likes ethnic All together I think our bill was around $35 (no alcoholic beverages consumed).  Some might consider this a tad pricey but the food is so good I usually don't mind the slightly higher cost.  Service has never been a problem for me in fact they've always been helpful when I have questions about the menu.  Full bar with numerous good beers on tap.  If you want German food in Pittsburgh  but they were also awesome.  I had a smattering of delectable bites.  The scones were so moist and tasty.  I had to stop myself from taking more than 20.  I also had some carrot cake  and the interior reminds me a little of eating at my grandmother's house."  but I'd be weary of spending another $75 for lunch for 3 people and getting sub par food and a bar that can't pull off a basic drink. I hate to say  but none of the offerings stood out as memorable. If you are looking for a reasonably priced brunch you could do worse than Max's Cons: no reservations for parties under 5" been here a number of times and it's my favorite German food in Pgh!  I really don't plan on returning to the restaurant again any time soon. I'll be sticking with the fun environment and overall good food at Hofbrauhaus I got a good idea what this place is all about and I have to say that I will be back for more."  yet effective. Danke." German food and German beer served in a mason jar. Best in Pittsburgh. The history of the tavern and the friendly makes this wish me that I lived closer to Max's. "The food isn't as good as it once was.  The atmosphere is kind of dark and needs to be updated.  We ordered potato pancakes that had to be returned because they somehow tasted fishy (I don't even want to speculate).  The other items we ordered were ok. Staff is great Both the hostess and the server were polite and attentive." I've been to Max's a few times and have been very pleased with both the food and service. I recommend trying the spinach salad with hot bacon dressing  and delicious food at a great value.  Will definitely go back for authentic German fare." Fun place and our server was great.  She definitely helped give this place a family friendly feel." A neighbor talked me into going here for the brunch and I was glad she did. For an all you can eat brunch they do a nice job keeping things stocked and fresh. The omelet chef was very good making stuff just as you asked him for "My husband and I have been to this restaurant many times over the past 20 years and went for sandwiches tonight. Sorry to say it was the worst food we have ever eaten at this place. Reuben sandwich was greasy and had little meat. Sweet potato fries were not edible. We ate at a table at the bar and told Andy our bartender but got zero satisfaction. Since we've had such a bad experience and no effort by the restaurant to remedy a BAD MEAL  the service is equally good (I can only speak for the bar area). I get the pierogies appetizer. It's fried pierogies As if this wasn't good enough our check was only $22! We will definitely be back soon  but it's just my personal taste. The portions are large and atmosphere is very relaxing and casual. I like it." They have a good selection of beers and even offer a sampler option.  The dessert selection looked delicious IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ "This is americanized German food.  For real German food It wasn't bad enough that I'd say don't try it and see - just understand it may not be exactly what you expect."  but the meal of pork and apple raisin sauce was out of this world."  but I don't know if I'd go again on my own."  but it was worth it.  My boyfriend was pretty happy he got to finish my leftovers.  The German potato salad I had for my side was equally as good.  It had a bit of a bite to it So much of what they have would be good if it was kept at least warm. Since they have it in chaffing dishes  and much of the furniture looks like it was in this house and just remained when it converted to a restaurant.  Max's location in Old Deutschtown on the North Side fits it perfectly.  They even offer a shuttle to Heinz Field on Steeler game days (small fee applies)." There was a variety of entrees ordered from sausage platters to wiener schnitzel and everyone seemed pleased with their meals. You get a lot for your money and I'll never turn down a chance to eat potato pancakes!"  and it's old school charm is certainly a plus. But I can promise you you won't be disappointed with the authenticity of home cooked style German cuisine. I'm from Los Angeles and we have nothing this good there." 5 stars because I accept it for what it is.  Really good German comfort  food with killer drafts.  And the fact that the place has been there for forever makes it super cool.  I love the player piano and put a quarter in every time!  PS. the popcorn at the bar is sooooooooo good too. Very good old school German American food (nothing innovative here). Was here on a Saturday night and the placed was packed. Really loved the cheddar cheese stuffed deep fried pretzels and the potato pancakes. This place is great for brunch on Sunday! The service is great and the food is delicious. I always leave stuffed and happy.  and German potatoes. Oh yeah... Right Choice! Took a little longer than usual as there was a Large Party of 16 that ordered Just prior to us. Happy to say the waitress took Great care of us  usually one of the schnitzel meals.  Recently went with a sampler platter.  Really good way to get several different tastes.  Always look forward for a meal here." "I really like this place. It has a neat atmosphere where the entrance has a nice bar and then there are a few other rooms that have the feeling of a living room or dining room. I really enjoy their brunches IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ Definitely recommend giving this a try." I love the sausages and the stuffed pretzels are amazing  the servers are always very friendly and efficient.  There is also ample street parking I think what won me over as the basket full of bread. Not only was there a surplus of meat but also bread?? Free? Indescribable happiness." "Overall great German food!  I love the liver and onions above all else.  The kase spatzle is delicious "This used to be the best German food in town. I have seen a gradual decline in the food over the past several years. The gravies have changed and the Max's Goulash (one of my favorite dishes) has a different sauce (strangely dessert sweet) and change in the protein. The sides are still great  but I've had better at Das Wald Cafe (http:  www.yelp.com biz das-waldcafe-newport-news)." "Old Pittsburgh at its finest.  This place isn't trying to be anything other than what it is  - an excellent old school German restaurant.  The drawback with this restaurant is how crowded and loud it can be during the busy time.  It's much nicer when it's not so busy.  Otherwise The following day was the 2nd annual Deutschtown Music Festival. The neighborhood is working toward revitalization I have eaten at Max's Allegeny Tavern multiple times.  The food and service is allways great.  it is a North Side must. My first real German food experience and I can't wait to go back. Everything was delicious. I had the Max's Sausage Platter. Loved it all. Left nothing in my plate. I was with a big group of people and no one took a doggie bag home. Big menu. The restaurant has this small down home feel to it. The bar is really pretty. Great place.  and the brats are pretty good.  Max's is far and away better than the breweries or chain theme restaurants.  The place is quiet  Great food.  Good beer choices.  Good service. What else is there?  As good as it gets  home-made German food that is extra delicious.  Really neat place too!  Potato Pancakes are delicious.  Can't wait to go back.  I would take out of town people here instead of Church Brew any day."  staff is really nice and I believe they offer their patrons a free ride to and from on game days!"  awesome deal and a great way to try all of their German beers without going overboard. We'll be back PS--thanks for the nausea and hurling about 6 hours after dinner." This place is fantastic! I happened to stumble upon it one night with some friends and what a wonderful place. The food is awesome! We ordered a bunch of appetizers. They were huge portions and super tasty. I have been back several times since then and have not been disappointed yet.  My favorite thing was probably the pretzels! (Mega YUM!) This is my favorite place to go when I'm in the steel city.  The atmosphere is awesome and the staff is very friendly.  The beer sampler and Ruben is a solid choice but they also have a wide range of other options including hasenfefer and Wiener schnitzel.  ALWAYS great service. This is my girlfriend's and I's favorite bar on the North Side. Consistently good and has a very cozy atmosphere. Get the stuffed pretzels!"  this is the most authentic German you will find in Western Pa. Cool beer selection and a great Sunday brunch. During Steeler home games they offer a free shuttle to the stadium when you eat here first."  the waitresses and most of all the food. The potato pancakes are delicious as are all their soups. I think there is something for everyone here. Their desserts are all delicious. We eat here before most concert or sporting event." IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ authentic german cuisine. Love the schnitzels and the red cabbage  and it definitely has to contain a stop at Max's. I prefer this place to Penn Brewery. The food seems a little more authentic and I haven't had a bad meal here yet. LOVE the potato pancakes. Every schnitzel I've tried has been great too."  I can't speak for the brunch buffet.  I went in there for the buffet once and decided that my money would be better spent on the menu." I've been going to Max's since I was a kid in 1973..was the best food then and now. Introduced my wife to it and she's hard to please. She loved it so much that we had our wedding reception there in the Ratskeller. Can't recommend it enough  it was edible but not enjoyable. Don't waste your money here there are much better choices"  and the wait staff was excellent. We went on a Friday night and it was packed.. I expected worse for how crowded it was... We will be returning.." The bartender was fantastic and the food was even better! I got the sausage sampler and it was delicious. The sauer kraut and mustard were great as well.  and the spaetzle. The spaetzle......."  and sauerbraten. Everything overall is really good and pretty authentic. Our server was on her shit too! Great pre bus and we never had an empty glass. We came here because a friend came just yesterday for the first time and raved about it  they didn't even do anything to make it up to me.  The brunch was also very sub-standard; everything was cold.  Not even the potato pancakes tasted good.  I've had better meals at the complimentary continental buffet at the Holiday Inn.  But perhaps part of the meal was also tainted by the fact that I couldn't get the thought of their negligence for food contamination out of my head.  Who knows how long that sour cream had been sitting out!  I'm really disappointed; I had really enjoyed going to Max's up to this point.  Don't think we'll be back!"  great bar in front if your just drinking. Only complaint was there was a wire bristle thing sticking out of our pork loin. Not sure how it got there and we didn't say anything. Large selection of brews here."  efficient service. Great location for happy hour or casual business meetings. Must try the stuffed pretzels! Haven't had any of the dinner entrees  friendly service. My only regret is not having room to try their tempting desserts. We don't get to the Deutschtown neighborhood often "A great place to go for German food! Normally I absolutely love everything about the food here. My favorite item is the potato pancake turkey reuben sandwich  family oriented and not overly expensive establishment. Highly recommended. Have a bite and walk over to PNC Park for a ballgame - it's minutes away. Great place!" I freaking love this place! Really nice atmosphere (like you are at your old German Grandmother's house). I always go for the Weiner platter with three different kinds of Wursts. Potato Pancakes are a must. Chunky Apple sauce is great. Best German food in Pittsburgh!!! I will definitely recommend this pub to anyone traveling to Pittsburg!" A good selection of classic Pittsburgh beers and tasty German cuisine. The service is pretty good and it's a great place to watch a Pirates game.  but you must be careful with certain dishes. One of the schnitzels that comes with carrots peas is clearly bedecked in carrots & peas that were recently frozen. German food isn't exactly known for its vegetables "It's been over 5 years since I had been to Max's but we were in the area at lunch time so we decided to stop in. The menu is big and printed on a newspaper. They have all kinds of German food.  I decided to order a Reuben with a side of homemade chips. The sandwich came on rye bread that was toasted. It had lots of sauerkraut Frequent visitor. The place is definitely starting to slip food wise. Had a turkey rueben that had about 1 slice of turkey on it and not much else.fries are always soggy these days. I'll stick with the happy hour with half price apps. Daughter had the schnitzel which she said was very greasy which shouldn't be the norm. My water glass had onion pieces in the bottom of it. Server was good though . Thank God for the staff .  not so much creamy. We were both a little underwhelmed sans the cabbage with the entire meal. I hate to say it - but I have had better authentic German style food at church potlucks and even Hofbrahaus (in a comparison to the beers at Hofbrahaus - these did just not stack up for me). I would give MAT another go round to try some of their other offerings - their schnitzels looked pretty good!"  cute to see familes of three generations sitting together for a Friday night meal. The food itself was ok but just a tad bit pricey. I thought my bavarian-style pretzels were a bit too heavy since they were deep-fried IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ Best place in town. I love the sampler platter and Sunday brunch is the best deal in town "Authentic German fare. German beer. Best soft pretzels in Pittsburgh. Reasonable prices. Friendly service. Very fair portion sizes. You'll be taking a box home. The basement is nice. But sometimes used for private events. Has a very cozy ""grotto"" feel to it." I love Max's but the food can be hit or miss sometimes. The staples on their menu are always good and time tested favorites but beware that special menu. There have been some epic duds on there that I wish I would have missed  and fantastic (and authentic) German food options.  Very tasty and high quality foods for a decent price.  We go often and have never had a negative experience." "Authentic German food. Besides the standard fare one would expect "My sister in law was in town and we decided to get brunch. Looked up local places and this had a good review...though I have no idea how. The Restarunt is small We're lucky to have such a fine German establishment in our city. Genieen Sie das Essen!"  but the food I order and have served in the bar area is great! The service is always awesome. The bar atmosphere is solid.  The bartenders have a heavy pour.  The stuffed pretzels are a must have! I actually like the fact that the area hasn't been revitalized because the atmosphere might change.  So I will enjoy this place until that day happens!"  took 15 min to get a water. The nachos were terrible on store bought chips with raw onions and green peppers on them and very little meat. We ordered the turkey Reuben that tasted funky on day old potato pancakes. We also ordered Max's famous Reuben  an Iron City Beer may be the best way to cap off a Pittsburgh North Side German dining experience at Max's bar: a place where many a long hard day has been passed knocking back a cold one. Cheers and enjoy!" Incredible value withemost authentic environment.  Potatoe pancake Rubens and a player piano for bar runs and a breakfast buffet for the kids can't go wrong. My family rented out the bottom room for our engagement party. It turned out great! Everyone loved the German cuisine. Our server was very nice and helpful. The room was clean and spacious for our 50 guests. Definitely be back again! "The only authentic German place I have found in PGH. It is true German food from start to finish without a bunch of Americanized items snuck on the menu.  They offer about 8 varieties of schnitzel "It's just like being back in some small town just outside of Munich... If I'd ever actually been to some small town just outside of Munich! It's not the touristy disaster that is Hofbrauhaus "My daughter took my sisters and I there for Mother's Day lunch on Saturday.  I got the Spinach Salad with Kase spatzles.  The salad was to die for.  My daughter got one for herself and one for her husband to take home.  The dressing was delicious and there was tons of mushrooms and bacon on it.  The spatzles were also very good in a cheesy sauce.  There was some to take home also.  We also got some potato pancakes which were pretty close to the ones my mother used to make.  At the end of our dinner Beers on tap were served in mason jars.  Food was prompt and fresh.  I will definitely be in again." Sunday brunch is such a great deal and so filling. Some people don't like the potato pancakes but to me they're fab. Highly recommend. "This is a MUST on our visits to the Burgh. Love the atmosphere and the food is delicious. Our family has come to Max's over 4 generations. The pierogies are fantastic and honestly Can't wait to go back. I have to try the sptzle and the goulash!!" "The sausage is good. The mashed potatoes and German potatoes (sides) are definitely not homemade. Service was friendly Worst.  Dinner.  Ever. Food from a senior citizens home.  Everything ready in 2 seconds because it sat under a heat lamp.  Avoid at all cost. "I've only ever ordered from this place but honestly it was the worst German I've ever had. Goulash was unidentifiable as any I've had The area is sketchy and probably not safe to linger around at night. Admittedly I am not in that area often 5. The best waitresses. Ever." 5OduZ5IwaU0HVmSFRL4kSg Another thing to keep in mind beside the potential fights is that its cash only." Total Dive.  Umm.  A gang fight started breaking out and one of the guys had tear drops tatted on his face.  Isn't that code for murder?  The bartender shouted to break the fight up not exactly in those words but yahhh.  We left soon after.  Enter here at your own risk...although I will say I may have stuck out like a sore thumb here but no one bugged.  I have a feeling I'll never go back.  Makes for a good story- 3 stars for that... "Just moved to the area my girlfriend and i checked this place out. Its a small dive bar and seemed like a place where only regulars attended. Was a bit uncomfortable at first Small dark not very opening or friendly place. Will not be returning. The floor is dirty. The bathrooms are small tgey stink and the lock is broken on the womans side. No food offered. Maybe u have to ask. I got a vodka cran and it was watered down. The only good thing was free parking out back. Was you drinking behind the bar honey or were you just distracted by your friends? We only walked into a bar to have a cocktail  you won't be disappointed. Great place to grab a beer on Beverly road and catch up with old friends."  as are all of their fatty appetizers.  They also offer pasta and other options so there is something to please everyone in any size group you bring to Bado's." All of the staff here were very friendly and helpful. The fried zucchini appetizer was huge and very tasty.  The white thin crust pizza with spinach was very good.  Seemed like a great neighborhood restaurant and we will most definitely be going back.  the servers are true Pittsburgh and generally very sweet." "I live in walking distance so I have been here many times . The place is very clean and the menu has many choices ... Not just pizza and hoagies . The bar is well stocked and has many varieties of beer . I would suggest coming here for breakfast or brunch on the weekends . The omlettes are huge . The only drawback is the place very small and can get crowded . You can't have a discussion without hearing what the people sitting at the next table are talking about as well . There is sometimes a wait to get a table . Good place to take the family   no dinner entrees besides pasta   smile-less bartender... I have actually seen him through the window and decided to go somewhere else because I was in the mood for good service."  and tables are a little cramped. Expect to wait a few minutes when you get there The one drawback for me is how it's a bit ""too"" family friendly for me. I love children (work with them everyday!) but it seems that families here feel comfortable letting their children do whatever they want. Maybe it's because the environment already seems loud  but they'll always give you samples! You can buy growlers full of good stuff for fairly cheap This is definitely going to become a staple of my Pittsburgh food experience!"  deep dish masterpiece. Their white pizza is also very good. Stick to the pizza here--the only other thing I had on their menu was a burger and it was not so good.  The bar is pretty cool - friendly bartender.  They are also very quick to deliver  but if you're local give it a go. If you want an inviting atmosphere where you can enjoy a beer  Our most popular crust)"" and the hot wings.  It did not take long and the pizza and wings came out.  The wings were hotter than most places and pretty good.  The pizza crust was a little thicker and nice flavor and chewy  and the bread was moldy. I gave this place a second chance and they failed. Gross.never again!" I was surprised initially to see an Italian Ale House. The food was pretty good and the atmosphere was pretty good as well. It was a short visit to PA for me but I would recommend this to someone else looking for some decent Italian food and a decent bar. Loved trivia Wednesdays!  8-10 upstairs.  Everybody is welcome. "Hostess was very awkward when seating us. Sat us in the corner in a small booth with a broken seat right up against another large party. The place was by no means busy. We sat and waited for someone to acknowledge us. We watched 4 members of the wait staff each attend to the 4 other tables and not one of them ever acknowledged us or came over. After 15 minutes of being ignored by staff  but it didn't stand out for me. The other two ordered sandwiches of some sort that they both really seemed to like. The beer selection was also a bit lacking for my taste  but I think the menu could use a little more inspiration." Hands down the best pizza I've ever had. They use a bread dough recipe handed down from their grandmother and a sauce that is to die for. Awesome beer selection as well. Word of advice from someone who's been dining here since they were across the street and known as Pizza Piazza - don't introduce yourself to the pizza via the lunch buffet - it's too delicate and dries out under the heat lamp. Order it fresh with extra sauce and enjoy!  so there can be a wait.  Grab a beer and wait b c it's worth it."  The bartender was a great guy and very good at his job." If I lived in the South Hills I would come here all the time. I am not even sure how the pizza place across the street stays in business. I suspect that after the locals are done getting hammered off of Bado's awesome beer selection they need to order some crap when homebase has closed. Or it is a front for the mob. "Bado's is a nice place to go to get decent food. Pretty average as far as I've seen so far. The reason for 3 stars is that the bar is small and the beer is over priced. I understand it's micro and craft beers on tap but there are other places near by with the micro and crafts for less with better atmosphere. Big plus to the bartenders though "This is some of the best american style pizza anywhere. Smaller kvECetuoMJ-LEYzHmyP0RA  Bado's is popular and it gets crowded. Fast. Be prepared for a wait or try to show up during slow hours We'll be back when we're in the area.  I see this being a regular spot after our rounds of golf at Mt. Lebanon GC." "I just want to like it due to its location and great beer selection Love Bado's. Any pizza is really good and their rueben is very tasty. Lots of beer choices and they give out free samples. got the buffet pizza was good they also give you free soup to .  they hide the sour cream underneath the cheese so it can't be seen until it's too late. This can be quite a shock for those who prefer their skins condimentless." Large bar food menu and great selection of draft beers. Patio open in the summer and decent size restaurant. Large portions on food. Great Sicilian and speciality pizzas. i would never eat here again"  it's now about 15 bucks.  Their wings you can make at home better.  Swordfish on my salad wasn't cooked right (they probably shouldn't be serving that if they don't have top chefs).  Lastly  but were tasty (& I'm not a big fan of french fries). The pizza that my wife & our company ordered looked very good." Chili cheese omlette was amazing!  Great home fries and toast as well. Its gotta be the only place in town to watch early sporting events while eating breakfast. Service was very attentive.  My coffee cup never got below half full.  the pizza. I was looking for something more. The pizza sauce was a bit tart for me. The real winner of the meal was the sausage calzone (which we added ricotta to). The sausage had a great spice to it. The heat was nicely complimented by the creamy cheese and crisp crust. Overall The staff could have been a little friendlier  hinting it was time for us to leave. The whole experince was horrible... and the bill was outrageous.  Save your money and Go somewhere else!!!!" Yummy yummy pizza!!! Excellent beer choices! The service was great. Everyone was personable. The wait was a little long and there is nowhere to stand yo wait but that is my on complaint. I would def go back. "Great place to have a party!  Bado's is located in a cute section of Mount Lebanon with street parking or a metered parking lot in the back (it was only $5 for a 24 hour period).  Our friends rented out the top part of the restaurant for a 30th birthday party. This was a large space which could easily fit over 50 people comfortably.  There was a small bar with 3 draft beers to choose from The service is a little off and the staff doesn't seem very attentive to your needs. However the food is worth having bad service. They have a great selection of pizzas but my personal favorite is the buffalo chicken. We've never had any problems with the service or the food I will never eat at Bado's again. A good cheese burger and a decent pie isn't enough when the staff can't even accept their own (human) mistakes. I have been places where there have been food issues before and I have also worked in a restaurant. I completely understand that mistakes happen. However  the lunch pizza buffet left ALOT to desire. It was literally a few cold pizzas layed out on a little table. No salad I always get burgers and beer here even though they're known for their pizza. No regrets! Love their growlers too!  but a little pricy. A 4 cut is more than enough two people.  It's a good place for families and the staff are very friendly and accommodating. They have good specials do keep those in mind!"  they offer a "" Pittsburgh Sandwich "" they don't know how to make. Served fries on the side and bagged coleslaw. Fries were an afterthought due to the pickle found underneath.  watched a young waiter spill two drinks  not very crowded (pre-MNF game time) and we ordered a 12 inch regular crust pepperoni with extra cheese and garlic pizza. It was incredible! The service was good and the waiter was very informative. The atmosphere was good. I recommend this pizza for dine in or carry out."  it is outrageously expensive. As in $45 for a medium one topping and a large two topping. That is insane. This is not including tip or anything else. Their wings are ok "The margarita pizza is the best! It's a great little spot with a bunch of beer choices  although the chicken strips were the best thing in the whole order. The turkey grilled sandwich also had no lettuce or tomato and was greasy and soggy and did not come with the chips and pickles as listed on the menu. For what they charged for this. It was a disgrace . We will not order again and will pass the word around. There are too many other  decent and less expensive delivery restaurants to ever order from there again. Disappointed." "Margarita pizza - best fucking pizza I've ever ate! End of story. On my commute home from work; will be eating one weekly. Just at 8 of 12 pieces. Time for power nap (8 hours) then wake up   we ordered Wings with 2 unique sauces.  We tried the Guiness Honey Mustard and the Butter Garlic sauces.  Both sauces were very good  relevant craft beers and good food. This evening was no exception." Definitely worth checking out!" Great little bar and pizza restaurant in Mt. Lebanon. I went for dinner her on Friday night and was not disappointed. They had a good beer list and the food was delicious. I had their onion rings and regular crust pizza. Will definitely be making this my pizza and beer go to. "Chose Bado's on a whim. Worst waitress ever. Couldn't remember anything. Husband ordered penne chicken vodka sauce. It was runny and bland. I ordered the veggie burger We have had really wonderful experiences with this place along with really terrible ones. The same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same. I ordered the same burger twice and it came different and not great the second time. The fries were ways very soggy and cold. We would keep ordering from them if we knew we could be paying for what we expected. I want so badly to like this place!! "Back in my coaching days at Chartiers Valley this was one of my goto places in Lebo. The pizza is good That all said though I had a fun time at Bado's and I'll go back." They always have a full house. There is no where to wait for your table."  but it's worth it.  I love their rotating beer menu as there's usually something to keep me happy. The service is always good as well. We usually sit at the bar so the bartenders know us well.  Bado's gets two thumbs up from this girl!"  and friendly bar tenders. You can't beat having wings and beers at the bar on a game day." The pizza is very good and the beer selection is great. The restaurant needs to improve on service. In the last two visits I received the wrong food and this time I had to get another drink at the bar because my waiter went missing for 15 minutes.  and wings are pretty good too. BUT the last three times the staff has been awful. I'm not usually one to complain "Great beer selection and the food is good. My gripes are that it's always so loud in there that I have to shout across the table The booth we sat in was broke but no issues other than that.  The Buffalo Chicken pizza was amazing.  The server was friendly too. She did forget our drinks which was no big deal. Love this place pizza! Breadsticks! I always get pizza from here. Everything's made in house. I hope as good for you as it is for me. Why I will never return?"  because I won't be back. No pizza is worth the experience we had here."  but it would still be nice to have some acknowledgement beyond food order and check. Other than that the pizza is pretty good (although not my favorite in the area) and the lunch time buffet is a great bargain."  I'd be at A'Pizza Badamo on Washington.  My daughter who is a pizza fanatic only had a slice and a half before calling it quits - she's the expert and it says volumes when she won't eat more than a slice and a half.  The kids tried and rejected the pasta we got them to try as well as there was no taste to the sauce.  All in all  it is very small pieces. The bread sticks however are so soft and warm and very delicious! Their Italian hoagie and Italian calzone lack flavor. These items are all I have ever had here and they do require more spices as everything (except the bread sticks) is pretty bland. They are also kind of pricey so we do not go here often because of that. Our service is usually pretty good I haven't had a Reuben for years (too much salt) but they were very good here in the past."  but there was no getting around it: the pizza was really bad by any standard." Overall the pizza was excellent I would like to see how it tasted with the actual Sicilian crust"  they have hot dogs too...soooo many choices.  I came with a group and we all easily satisfied our hot dog cravings.  I had the veggie dog with cheese  it just seems like a neighborhood place with a twist.  A coronary twist.  So good....." "This place was great! I was a little bit let down by the Chicago hot dog as it had too much mustard. That said Something about it is gimmicky to me but I'll let it go. Might as well stop here first before going to see a movie across the street..." Last time I was there someone said the pizzas looked good. Next time." The hot dogs?  None of us were gushing about them afterward.  But they're ok.  4 stars for the beer selection."  depending on the server you get. The place is very relaxed. The food isn't particularly memorable. I enjoy the fish sandwih. Fries are good. It's great for groups. It can get quite busy."  but the beer options and good prices help to make up for it. This seems like an easy-going neighborhood bar good beer selection- both on tap and in the beer cave. located in a nice neighborhood.  the chili cheese dog is fantastic and so are the fries!! "D's is a family friendly bar with a great selection of beers "Their chicken BBQ pizza is among the greaseiest I've ever consumed  imported and otherwise. Service has always been decent and better. Sports agames are often on the TV so get ready for that. Atmosphere is pretty neat- there's a weird mural in the larger seating area that's worth a peek and a air duct in top of the room that's cleverly painted like a wooden beam- can't get over that. I am a fan. Go here- then go catch a movie at Regent Square theater up the street." I will visit this place frequently."  but you come here for the sheer selection of those beers. An enormous beer cave makes one feel like a kid in a beer store. Unfortunately "Very very VERY good beer selection. I liked going into the ""beer cave"" and finding a wide selection of Belgian beers including ones that I hadn't seen since studying abroad in Paris. Hot dogs were excellent  I've seen mostly families taking advantage of D's great prices and groups of friends chatting and sharing drinks.  It's definitely not a place to go to see and be seen Sick tap selection.  Better than anything in D.C. where I currently live.  I was shocked.  So many Stone beers as well as other breweries that I rarely see.  Went here twice while visiting Pittsburgh.  I liked the scene here.  It was low-key and people were polite.  The hotdogs were great.  I had the Chicago dog.  I loved the peppers they put on the dog; not sure what they were.  I definitely recommend this place if you like craft beer. "Even though they were out of the first beers we asked for (the Dogfish Punkin) this place hit the spot for a junk food craving. Vegetarians: the veggie dog is awesome  but if you're looking for the best bar food- this is it. If you're looking for the best beer selection- you can't find anything better. Good selection on tap and amazing variety in the beer cave (they say it's ~1000 different beers). Some say Sharp Edge has better on tap...but their food is terrible."  D's Chicago Dogs are one of my faves on their menu.  D's also makes a mean chili which is good on your dawgs or pomme frites.  Not to mention the plethora of beer!! They have almost every beer imaginable (unfortunately not on tap). D's is a local favourite and is definitely worth a try when visiting Pittsburgh." "D's is a legend in beer in Pittsburgh. The selection can't be beat and the food is unique and a style all its own. Thanks's for the years of beers This place is family and group friendly  it's got cole slaw and french fries on it."  and the beer cave...mmmm.  My only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!" "One of the few reasons I may miss Pittsburgh when I go to grad school. The hot dogs are piled on high with the best  I would have totally sampled some of the fine brews they had stocked away.  What I did enjoy was the friend zucchini.  It was hot from the fryer when it got to our table  stocking without pretense; Miller and Unibrau.  The hot dogs are good.  The beer is unfortunately not so cheap; six packs aren't much cheaper than just buying four or five beers.  Bad for groups more that four people; great for two or three." Beware of the yellow mustard though. After several washings Hot dogs with mac n cheese on them."  and a cheese sauce. It oddly worked and I enjoyed the meal before I had to hit the road. The fries our table shared was also a winner as they were crispy and uniformly cut and fluffy potato goodness in the middle. Definitely a great cheap eats spot." Awesome beer awesome dogs. Hm.. hungry. I'm going there now." 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g Oh! And did I mention the beer selection isn't too shabby? Watermelon beer in the summer...mouth watering." Terriffic neighborhood place for a small group to grab some terribly unhealthy food and try some new beers."  I would definitely come back again and again." * and by ""good"" I mean ""good for PA"" where liquor laws are an absurd kafkaesque mess and a lindeman's geuze is about as interesting as it gets (for like $15 You can't beat their beer selection. Make sure to visit the beer cave while you are there and their section of take-out beer for an even larger selection."  I usually get 2 of their Chicago dogs and a couple orders of chili fries when I'm with a bunch of people. The best part of D's is their beer cave. It is packed with beers all over the world. This was the only place I could find Perkuno's Hammer before it got retired. You can find bottles of literally anything here. The best part is that you can grab a 6-pack and just fit any 6 beers in it to go or have them for the table."  let's just say that there are more selections than you can imagine (... they claim 1000+!!!)"  go here if you want a great beer selection and good bar food.  It's always pretty busy and the service is good!" I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is in the Pittsburgh area or anyone who is crazy enough to drive 7 hours for a hot dog." (The Monroeville location is better  all the right high-quality toppings and a fresh-tasting bun. The pub fries sealed the deal though - a huge pile of fries with generous helpings of perfectly-melted cheese and just-soft-enough-just-crispy-enough bacon. My friend and I could have shared the large order of Pub Fries and been just fine. I saw someone's sandwich across the bar  though they've opened the ""loft"" upstairs that seems to have a full bar - I haven't been there." "I think their beer selection is much more impressive than their hot dog selection. although  it is awesome.  All the Belgian beer a girl could want.  And the wings.  And oh  and it seems like the servers congregate in one place and leave the other vacant at any given time. Very nice people though."  I'm not sure why anyone would go to a hot-dog joint and expect good service.  So ignore anyone talking about hot-dogs and come here for the beer. Finally Cons: Sometimes crowded and loud" The service can be a little hit or miss due mostly to the sheer amount of business they do on a Friday or Saturday night."  help and general vibe of this little joint was spot-on. If you're in the 'Burgh  its resulting greatness in D's. This probably has the biggest selection of anywhere I've been and the food is great too. Every loaded fries that passed hooked my eyes like I'd been celibate for a year. Take a dollar off for take-out beer too. I love the descriptions in the menus and how every hot dog is the same price." Amazing. One of the best ever for bad to the bone great bar food. Sidenote: I highly recommend D's Sixpax for someone's 21st birthday to pick out a six-pack from their epic selection of brews. (Also  buttery. So sorry but this weenie came up flat too. I did like the Mason Dixon! The crunchy-ness of the coleslaw made a huge difference but the meat was still chewy and too salty. Could it be that I am too picky when it comes to my meat? If I am shopping for picnic eats I do go for Smith hot dogs WITH the casing or the large sized Hebrew Nationals. Now those are the mouthwatering crowd pleasers I'm talkin' about!"  but they seriously do something very special to them that I cannot figure out." Draft Belgian beer and a Mason Dixon dog. This place is magical."  which is cool. I am not a beer drinker but the beer cave is so impressive! I'm sure I could have found something special but wasn't in a browsing mood. Another thing This place is pretty good! they serve a selection of creatively topped dogs and some of the best greasy fries I have had in awhile. enough said!  Time to go drink some beer and devour this dog!  great beer and root beer.  amazing election of bottled beer.  Staff is nice and this place is super kid friendly.  Order the veggie Chicago dog. Yum and messy too so watch your feet."  stop by in the afternoon on a Saturday or Sunday for a great local vibe."  bring a growler or buy one of theirs. Prices are reasonable and the selection is outstanding." n7DOwcTqsJ5LGc_L9nr-Zg  but I'm tired of the abuse from waitstaff who look annoyed that I'm even there.  If this was just a once-in-a-while occurrence  and there's an awful lot to like. My favorite dishes are the Big Ben Hot Dog or the Balboa Chicken Sandwich  on the other hand...inedible.  Stick to the dogs and the za "I go here a lot.  I think most folks who live in Regent Square Swissvale Edgewood area do too.  And it's probably not because the food is so utterly delicious.  It's because it's a groovy little place with young hipster (and some not so hipster) bartenders and waitresses that serves up an endless array of beers in a funky loud space.  I love Regent Square and always saw the potential for the grand old days of Hippy Free Love lying dormant in her quaint shops and family eateries ... until D's sprang to life in a former dry cleaner gun shop space.  Oh yes  relax and enjoy the goods.You won't regret it.  D's is definitely not a rush-in D's still remains the gem of Regent Square and is worth the pilgrimage to Beer Mecca if you have never been." Food was decent.  Typical bar grill menu.  We ordered up some Pub Fries and Wings.  Decent  their service:  Really lackluster.  ""Entitled"" is the word I would use.  It pains me to give them 15% If you're visiting Pittsburgh and anywhere close (heck...even if you aren't close) head to D's and grab a taste of a great local bar" "Best burger and hot dog bar in town.  About 25 unique beers on tap.  I like the Chicago Burger And you have to take a stroll around the beer cave.  It's not quite as impressive as I was hoping  but the food keeps bringing me back! About 25 unique beers on tap.  I like the Chicago Burger Try the fries with chili or cheese! or the pimped up Pub fries!  Yum!   They have other food but I tend to get a dog All in all as a Regent Square resident this is our go-to place to hang out and bring friends and visitors."  including a mix your own 6 pack deal and "D's is a fantastic place with food! Reasonably priced and a nice atmosphere! Can get crowded but that's because it's soooo good! I love the selection of beer "Amazing beer selection on tap as well as bottled. You can get beer to go warm or cold and do mix and match six packs. Also  I don't care) & the most incredible fries around. I live in Regent Square & I'm thrilled to have a local go-to place for a quick dinner & a beer for very reasonable prices. They often have a $5 dog & fries lunch special that I gratefully take advantage of. Yum!"  I am huge on add-ons. This is where D's comes in. I totally recommend the chihuahua hot dog. It has avocado!!! The wings are delish too. This place is a must go for beer lovers. I am still the light and sweet kinda beer person  the hot dog selection is great for both carnivores and vegetarians. My two favorites being the Chihuahua dog and the red alert dog. Spicy The wait staff is always friendly and helpful.  Check it out!" I feel like a restaurant that serves cheese sauce like a food group should have a warning label on the door 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g  and parmesean.  They were all decently meaty.  The parmeseans with a side of the spicy mayo were good stuff  don't get me wrong... but I find parents here tend to let their children act out a lot Regent Square is a really cute little area that has a ton of great bars and restaurants.  Highly recommended."  it is a hidden gem. They have one of the largest beer selections I have ever seen! The staff is helpful and friendly and the food is great!"  good bar food.  Great hot dogs." D's is just one of those places I love going to. I can't get enough of picking out my own 6 pack of wonderfulness. All amazing beer. The food has never let me down. The service has always been good. This place is just awesome.  I really wish I could give this place more than five stars."  and you can also take the bus here and then see a movie." Also this doesn't really bother me i still ate my food but the guy cooking the food didn't wear gloves and did touch the food with his bare hands often. If you're OCD maybe just get a beer or don't sit at the bar where you can see this. Don't worry he didn't pick anything up off the floor and put it back on plates  which is good since I don't eat drink anything with gluten in it!" The dogs are good.  The fries are decent.  The salads are good.  The wings are good. The pizza is good.  Even the burgers are decent.  Their draft selection is awesome.  The Monday night 35-cent wings are now the Monday night 50-cent wings.  They could have at least gone to 40-cents first... best. beer. selection. hands. down. We waited almost an hour for a table but the bartender was super attentive the whole time and was on point with suggestions. It was def worth the wait too! We ordered a pizza and a few apps which were so good. No complaints here - we will totally be back.  but the Mason Dixon with its slaw and chili was killer. The fries and barbeque wings were just as good. I also liked the atmosphere  ""That place is really cool."" I had a bottled microbrew Yum! Great little find just outside of the city....especially if you are Chicago dog fan The sad part is that D's closes fairly early--the bar closes at 11 on Sunday-Wednesday and midnight on Thursday-Saturday. The kitchen closes an hour before the bar." Side bonus for me -- happened to hear music from a local band from Denver (former homestead) while dining.  Made me homesick." Their hot dogs and fries are affordable and good but even though they have like 300 different beers in bottle their beers are over price and will triple your tab. That and yet have a limited draft menu.  the restaurant was fun and we smiled laughed and jokes through a rather mediocre meal."  but I wish they had a better selection of gluten-free beers. There are lots of tasty ones out there  my sickness impaired me from imbibing and I actually spent the latter half of the time there barfing in the bathroom (not to the fault of D's) while my friends shopped for a bevy of beer in the cave. Also worth mentioning is how friendly everyone here was. Lots of helpful staff members and even the other ladies in the bathroom who were concerned with my hurling to the point where they wouldn't leave me alone and I had to lie and say that it was no big deal  I don't dislike D's I.  Quite the contrary.  After all  etc.  Hot dogs are one of their specialties and I'm not a huge hot dog fan but the bratwurst I had with bacon and mac-n-cheese on top was amazing! I also had the fried zucchini appetizer which was cooked perfectly and the sauces were very tasty (marinara and a spicy ranch-like sauce).  I went on a Wednesday evening post-happy hour and was surprised how super crowded it was So the food is great and the beer is excellent and I've found the service to also be right on.  These folks are extremely popular so at peak times it's mobbed.  Do yourself a favor and show up off peak and you'll eat and drink much more quickly." If that isn't enough to get you stop by D's then you're missing the point and probably shouldn't anyhow."  what more do you need to know!...Waiter made some excellent beer suggestions and I rarely stray from the ""off the rack"" Chicago dog but his suggestion to add the bacon was spot on.  No trip is complete without visiting the beer cave.  Some hard to get gems can be had.  Many of the choices can be found at Giant Eagle now for less.  Their selection of Mikkeller offerings was an unexpected bonus.  Walked out of their with some great hard to find titles...see you guys next year!...." I like it. Veggie friendly too. 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g I hope D's is with us for decades to come." Had the scorpion dog with Mac and cheese. It made my day.  I usually come for the beer cave. Best build-your-own six pack joint in the city!" New menu! Check it out! P.S. There is also sit-down service in a room between the bar and Cave that seemed more family-friendly. I noticed several tables had pizzas and burgers  so either come early or be prepared to wait for a table if the big game is going on." I had the barbeque chicken pizza the first time and it wasn't bad They also have a beer cave with over 1000 beers!" "I'm subleasing an apt across the street and have been in a few times now.  Hot dogs are good and cheap but the burger options  and I will definitely take any of my beer-loving friends here." I love this place. Hands down my favorite place to grab a beer in the east end. They have a great draft selection that changes often in addition to a beer cave of cold bottles. Staff is efficient and friendly and they play great music. I also love their wings...D'sWing Dust (dry rub) is my favorite flavor. "Great place for grabbing quick eats with an excellent beer selection. Their ""Beer Cave"" is awesome if you enjoy creating custom six packs. There also is a nice bottle chiller "While living in Regent Square I went to this place way too often! It has a great selection of beer and the food is pretty decent - they probably serve the best fries I've ever had. It feels more like a restaurant in the sense that you wouldn't sit here drinking all night Quite an interesting place but worth the visit in a little town." Hot dogs were delicious and fun to mix and match toppings. They do fried dogs too and it's great. Beer selection is obviously fantastic. Check our their beer cave!  my fiance would have proposed to me at D'z. We truly regret not waiting to go here but time was of the essence. D'z you truly are my favorite spot to be any day at any time and you will always be the place i wish i would have been proposed to at!!!!!!!!!!" "I enjoyed my evening experience here last night. The bar was really busy but service was still fast. They only serve beer and wine downstairs. If you want a mixed drink you have to go upstairs. We ordered a large supreme pizza I eagerly await my next trip to D's!"  if I have a few more of the Mac'N Cheese hot dog and Fries combinations  knowledgeable service. Part of why Regent Square is so great." This is a great spot for some craft beers and bar type food." best beer selection ever! it was hard to pick just one beer out of the beer cave. The food was really good. Big fan of the fries! D'z dogs is the best. All the employees seem to want to be here. Nothing is better then when your food provider is excited about what he she is doing. Come try a scorpion dog.!!!!  innovative burgers that'll blow your socks off I try to hit this place at least once a year." Love this place. Awesome selection in their beer cave. "This is a beer lover's dream and one of my favorite spots in Regent Square.  Great place to go to watch a game.  It is also kid friendly as almost every time I am visiting this place there are families with young children enjoying themselves.  The biggest decision is to pick a beer off the draft list which always has a great selection or pick one from in the beer cave. I usually try a draft and then head into the chilled beer cave. There is also a larger section of single beers for purchase in the back that are not cold. If you want to drink them while at the restaurant they have a chiller-so cool!!  My past visit I was impressed by the large selection of pumpkin beers. I tried a bottle called Baked by Lancaster Brewing-tastes just like pumpkin pie!!  To go with it I ventured from my usual Chicago dog and ordered the Angry Tikki-pineapple "D's is a great place!  Its unique as far as quasi-bars are concerned insofar as I go with a friend and have some dogs burgers pizza wings and a few beers  which I felt gave me license to have a (delicious) hot dog washed down with a few great beers. I can't wait to return!"  down-to-earth place where you can kick it back with a beer (or in my case a cider) and enjoy company with friends. It was a perfect ending to our movie night at the Regent Square Theater. With smiles planted on our faces after watching a dark comedy  and this is a good spot for larger parties (5+). The french fries are excellent and very crispy  and they consistently have proven to have great food and service. Oh byW028BfkDNkEXpINimbmA "This place is great.  Excellent beer selection.   The best fries in town  you'll get a spot and you'll be happy you did. Don't like hotdogs you say?  Well   and awesome homemade chipotle hummus.  They even had veggie dogs for my cousin! Everyone there was so nice.   If you drink good beer the beer cave will awe you. ..hell I drink Miller lite and I was in awe.   So many beers!"  and I'm looking forward to heading out in the spring time and enjoying some hot dogs in the warm air!"  and the beer selection is among the best in the city. I'll keep coming back. For sure!"  its a damn shame they dont offer a gift registry.  Because I would register for beer.  I would.  No judgement." The last time I was there we were having fun upstairs playing darts and racking up a tab. The bartender was nice enough to actually stop us and point out that it had started to snow  buy one if you're feeling spendy or simply don't have a place like this anywhere near you."  which was a large helping of french fries smothered in cheese and avocado with a side of ranch. I had the Chihuahua hot dog with a veggie hot dog and added grilled onions and my partner had a specialty Octoberfest hot dog. Both were large and delicious. We did not have to wait long for a Friday night and the service was excellent. The space tends to be crowded so this is not the place to go for a quiet fancy dinner  filled with beers from all over the world.  They also have delicious pizza and fries.  So if you are in the mood for bar food Cons: I was here after brunch to catch the hockey game and they had NCAA basketball on instead; not a big deal The food is great and service is just fine." If you have never been here; I recommend it."  or just experimenting with a new Belgian brew Definitely will be back for more :)" "I love this place! Vegetarian options are good and the atmosphere is great. I also love the beer selection. It's really a great place to go for lunch  even if my heart now hates me in return. 4.5 Stars."  and it seems that this is true from the crowds I have always seen here. But fear not fellow 20 single somethings: this place can be for you too! There is ample room at the bar to chill with good beers to watch the game  make a trip to D's. It's definitely worth it."  and next time I'll make it a point to try the food. Judging by some of the other reviews  a lot o beer selection. Simple food. I watched the World Cup here and was very nice with the front open to the street for outdoor seating. Good fries."  the power went out temporarily and workers and patrons alike kept on going like it was -no big deal- I honestly couldn't be happier with my experience." They do have some vegetarian options as well The most amazing food ever! Had the blue cheese burger and sweet potato fries and it was best I ever had!! Even the ranch was out of this world ! Service was amazing! Courteous and so friendly !!! Definitely coming back! What's not to like here? Best hot dog in town with a variety of different toppings and styles.  Amazing selection of beers in the back.  Great place to go with friends on a Friday night! 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g I love this place so good." "D's is a great place to drink to your heart's content with any darn beer you please! They have just about any beer your little mug could possibly conjure up. The service is quick  head into the beer cave. I like that you can find a crazy variety and try new beers. Always busy  and the rotating drafts have something for everyone. I had the pulled pork dog which had just the right amount of hot dog I would definitely recommend you give this place a try." "Best fries around and a really good beer selection.  A little bit of a drive for us Mac n cheese dog is incredible.  This place is small and gets packed so be prepared for a long wait and no personal space.  and this is the perfect place for a night out or even to get beer for a night in. My boyfriend is obsessed with the create your own six pack from the beer cave. We ate here on a friday and the place was packed but we got sat right away and our food came out fast. Amazing specialty hummus of the day ( i think it was chipotle ranch) and great sandwiches. The portions are huge and you won't leave hungry."  and we like to drag our out-of-town friends here as well. This place is honestly one of the best things about living in Regent Square. The staff are friendly and efficient and the food is always hot and fresh. The beer is of course outstanding. What more could you want in a neighborhood bar?" I agree with others that the beer cave is wonderful.  I could stay in there for hours!  The pizza ain't bad either!  people poured in.  Families with little kids and groups of older adults standing in the crowded doorway waiting for the opportunity to eat mediocre food.  Hmmm....makes me think a new restaurant in Regent Square is in order because there is clearly a deficit."  and the beer cave is a happy place with one of the best selections in the city." "I have to echo the sentiments of others on the service here...it is always friendly and quick (but not suspiciously so). Plenty of beers to choose from on tap The verdict?  I would come back here for a Chicago dog and ask them to boil it to prevent the risk of a singed dog "Just stopped in for a beer or two before the Pens game. Bartenders were very friendly  happy ambience.  The food is nothing spectacular but not bad as well - even though the hot dogs are pretty good.  It has a large selection of drafts and there is also a back ""room"" where you can buy pretty much any beer that exists either for taking it to your home or for having it with your dinner.  The service was fast and helpful.  I am sure I will be visiting this place again in the future but just do not expect something spectacular." "Great selection of beers and Would I go back? Definitely." Seriously average food with above average prices. The waitstaff all seems to think highly of themselves. I'm wondering if a prerequisite to work here is to feel that you're better than others because you know all the Belgium beers.  don't care about their customers.  What happens when the owner values money over ""being there"" to oversee the business.  I'm a local and have been going to D's since they opened...but that doesn't matter any more....with the exception of Eli  so occasionally you might have to wait a bit to get a seat."  $14 for a 12 oz bottle of Wulver and $25 for a bottle of Angel Share! Whoever is actually subjecting themselves to those outrageous prices are literally getting robbed. You can find a $25 four pack of Wulver and a $10 single of Angel Share at Giant Eagle.. In fact  try the Chicago dog or the Bug Ben!  Incredible beer selection too." This place is a must try. I would say it's a bar you can bring your kids to if you have any. The service is great the food is better. Me and my girlfriend got pub fires with cheese and bacon to share. I got the Angry tiki and Chili dog she got the Pot roast and Big Ben  all on beef franks. The food came out in no time and with a bill of only 35$ including a beer it was a great price. They also have a massive beer cave in the back. Next time I stop in here I have to bring a group of friends so we can all try one another's food. "Over 200 reviews and over 100 photos. What more can I say other than I've been coming here for over 15 years and have never had a bad experience. True beer lovers love D's.  Oh  my husband and I make it a date to spend an afternoon in Regent Square and finish off with a good late lunch at D's. The beer selection is amazing." "D's is perfect for those not so fancy afternoons. I love sitting outside with my dog and people watching while sipping on one of their unique beers. the staff is always so helpful with suggestions on what to drink. the pizzas are decent  and were quite impressed with the selection--now CM has a neighborhood go-to spot the next time he needs to bring a six pack to a party!  With the City Dining Card "Superb beer selection. Great hot dogs. Super fast and friendly service! They ask work as a team. I had everything and was done in less than half an hour "Usually get the bacon cheddar dog which is awesome but tried the pizza tonight.  It was great!   Good quick service Also a great bonus - you can grab your own beer from the beer cave in the back and chill out."  a group of us from Pitt come for the large one-topping $10 pizza night! The waiters and waitresses are always so friendly  onion and cheddar hot dog. Amazing. I also got the D's wing dust wings and it was quite possibly the best flavor of wing I have ever had. It tasted like a bbq chip with a kick crushed up for the flavor. I highly recommend that." Very nice when the weather is good and the garage door in front is open. Otherwise it is a bit dark and dingy." "went for a late lunch with friends. I'm a new single mom with a 7 month old and my friends had a 2 year old along as well. our server was extremely attentive and incredible about the kiddos being along. he brought crayons for the toddler and was one step ahead of our needs which was amazing and unique... it's not always easy to go out with a kid in tow where you can get great patient service AND good food and beer. I had the Cuban dog (pretty terrific) and sweet potato fries. one small order could probably feed 2-3 people...good to know for next time. the beer selection was super. I've been looking for barleywine style ales in this area and most places I've tried haven't even known what I was asking for. these guys were able to help me put together a cool sampler of a few different kinds to take home and try. this was a great visit and D's will definitely be on my beer and food radar in the future. also loved the open air bistro feel for summer. the price seemed a little high for hot dogs but the dogs were really tasty and after it was all said and done This is the ultimate in bro style  service best suited to half loaded  college students or anyone with low expectations of service at a bar and grill." I love this place.  Every trip to Pittsburgh (about twice a year) I stop in for a great dog and a choice of many  beers.  I suggest everyone stop by and enjoy a wonderful dog and beer! "The place is kind of small and disjointed a bit but they make up for it with their beer selection and great staff. The food is mostly bar food with a twist Great pizza! I recommend the Cin-Ds pizza sub red sauce! Fast and friendly service! I would come back here again. Fries are good too. Good beer selection. The best is at Patrick's day breakfast...or any other time you chose to patron the establishment." We come here often for their beer selection and spend too long in that cave. Go to Franktuary. It's a million times better in every way."  but nothing to write home about. Getting a seat can be a problem during lunch or dinner time particularly on weekends." The beer selection to make your own sixer is incredible. So many beers from all other the U.S. And international. The crafty hot dogs were incredible especially the angry tiki dog. I'll def be coming back here.  and great on tap selections of microbrews." "Amazing hot dogs. LOVE their DOM (Dog Of the Month) Its always something crazy. For September 2015 is the Greek dog. They have great burgers too. Somewhat crowded  great selection of beers and their bites are among the best I've tried in Pittsburgh. Go for the Chihuahua or Bacon Cheddar dogs My husband and I came to Pittsburgh for our 4 year anniversary. After eating out for two days we were about to head home but decided to stop here on the way. So glad we did! After having sub par service for the past 2 days the guy waiting on us was great! He checked on us often and the food was so good. One of the best burgers I've had in a long time. Also found some great beers in the beer cave (some that I've been trying to find for awhile now). Will definitely go back here if we are ever in the area. We will definitely be back. Hopefully on a Saturday again so that we can go for a Bloody Mary and buy a 6-pack to go."  everyone was super nice...maybe I just caught them on an off night and everyone was frazzled.  Either way..the food was good One of my favorite spots to grab a dog. Fantastic beer selection (check out the beer cave if they don't have what you want on tap!) they'll let you sample the beers on tap if you're unsure. Favorite things here are the hot Valentine dog and the angry tiki! You can add anything you want on their extensive list of toppings. I will definitely come back again and again!  especially at a time when it's tough to find great food for a reasonable price in this city. The best feature of D's is their beer cave to the rear of the restaurant. While your dinner companions peruse the menu "Best ranch dressing in Pittsburgh!  Good beer selection  and ambience is slightly better than average. Beer is fresh and kegs are rotated regularly. Highly recommended! Can be crowded at dinner lunch times."  this isn't the place for you. Unfortunately it's just a bit out of the way for me to come in here just for a mixed six pack unless there's something really special that I'm looking for."  but i was excited to just get some and try them out. I ended up only choosing 2 of Hofbrahaus' Hefe Weizen (my fav!!!!) Bobby picked out 4 others that i will try. They had soooo many different options. I was excited to find beers from Hofbrahaus & Fat Heads. how cool."  I went in for a growler and found a similar situation... Very few IPAs to choose from.  So I am wondering which keg kicked first tonight... The IPA or one of the many Mad Elfs....  sorry for the rant...it is just disappointing to me...."  1 hot dog and a handful of fries. Not a good value in my book. Probably won't be back." Staff are always friendly despite the busy and controlled chaos."  but in the beer cave... although I did snag the last sad can of it in the cave. That's okay The main draw for me is their huge beer cave. You can feel free to walk back and wander around and pick any beer that you're feeling. They have a refrigerated section and a non refrigerated section. They also have a small chilling stand that you can pop your warm beer in to get it cold enough for you. They also always have a lot of good unique beers on tap." "What can I say? I love this place! I live in Regent Square and I'm here weekly. I secretly bought my house because it's walking distance to D's. The beer selection is awesome. The food is great. The staff is amazing - they always make my family feel at home. The kid LOVES the mac n cheese. Being vegetarian Next trip I'll be adding Mac n cheese to my chili dog.  Why not combine the two toppings  have a drink and most importantly have a hot dog.  Very friendly bartenders and wait staff.  The menu sports a variety of simple to gourmet hot dogs along with other items.  They have several TV's mounted for viewing of games at the bar and they have loyal locals who frequent the bar.  Outdoor seats are nice for a sunny day.  Be sure to ask about hot dog specials!" wide variety of beers on tap or on shelf or in cooler... (warm&cold) 6-packs to-go... and great waiting staff...  for being a small but great shop in Swissvale... always busy but that only means their doin things right.... great food and beverage" "My friend and I come here often on Sunday nights and sit at the bar. Great draft beer selection and consistently good food. My favorite things to get are: the Cuban dog It was gooooooood chilly cheese fries and hot dogs what else can u ask for ? They have Tons of beer for the ones that want beer. I was here at noon so we did not have beer. It was reasonably priced the staff is good. Hands on. Music was great ! We will come back  and D's was one of my favorite spots. At the time I had a 3 year old daughter (who loved hot dogs) "Stopped in here for a beer on a Saturday night. Great selection of beers and the food looked good. Very busy on a Saturday night Suggestions: Go on Thursdays - Great dogs and fries special."  tried one of their hot dogz with jalapenos and cheese. It was really great! They had a nice selection of craft beers and even offered some options for brunch (besides dogz). So you could totally eat there for breakfast. The 6 pack shop is connected and has tables you can sit at. I was really impressed For a meal and 2-3 beers look to pay anywhere from 25-35 dollars even at happy hour."  groups of friends. All different ages. French fries and hot dogs are staples. Chicago dog is what I usually get. Nice beer selection. It can get really busy and the staff is always on their game." 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g  service was awesome.  Choice of beers was exceptional!" D's will always be a five-star establishment to me. Rating it any less would feel like a deep betrayal to my family! :-)" It's honestly hard to go wrong here with such a great selection of beer and food!"  and affordable! The service is always friendly and on time...I believe they value my time.   We both got our favorite dogs and the best French fries in Pittsburgh.  The server also signed me on for no wait app which made our checking out and paying sooo easy." Dining at D's was a great experience and I recommend it to anyone wanting a casual meal with great menu choices." "I'm not much of a beer drinker so I'll focus on the food. My girlfriend is vegetarian so I'm always looking for a vegetarian-friendly menu. It's rare that she has almost as many choices as I do  so I'm not that amazing of a listener! I do try and make sure I eat healthier than my disgusting smoking habit but we stopped into D's on our way back into town and I was still in vacation mode! I ordered a chili dog because I am not insane and their spicy cheese dog! Both were delicious! The spicy cheese dog had pepper cheese and pickled relish on it and I love anything pickled! The chili dog was also really hearty but I did wish there were jalapenos on it. i suppose I could have gotten them and am just lazy. Either way "I attended a fundraiser here this past weekend for two local men who are currently serving in Afghanistan. I have also been here several times to drink and watch the hockey game. Every time I have had a wonderful experience  you'd want to move next door to this one. But you can't  Bud beers are cheap. No food. Just drinks." Sunday funday $1 tacos are awesome." Very fun to go here for St. Patricks day festivities!They are smoke free now which is a a major plus! My husband and I saw something about the Triangle Bar and Grill on an old WQED rerun about good places to eat in PA.  We stopped by yesterday and are VERY glad we did.  The Battleship hoagie fed us for 2 meals (3 feet of sandwich with 2 lbs of meat!)  fast food.  I can't wait to bring friends there to enjoy their selection of 40s along with a Battleship."  and a barred window entrance hiding it's charm. Great experience." DzOPHyrG2XuVqKEvHCnN7w  maybe take my chances and go there for a cheesesteak"  and ham are among my favorites!  They also have a bar and TV's for that minimalist game viewing adventure with regulars from nearby homestead and braddock propping up the stools.  It's a great take out place -- call ahead though.  A Pittsburgh classic you must try once for a Steeler or Penguin game party.  Terrific!"  you have to try these. I hope they never change. I'm not eating there for atmosphere." This monster sandwich was a beast. Great Cappicola. Friendly people. Def go if u are in the area. "I find it hard to believe that a place like Triangle Bar and Grill only has 8 reviews.  I guess it's just not hipster enough for some people.  Which is fine with me.  I love walking in to this place.  It's never really crowded when I stop by on any given afternoon but they certainly have a steady stream of customers coming in for delicious sandwiches.  The crew behind the counter always greet me with a smile and are happy to make me a sandwich.  I have to admit that despite their many options  and order a battleship. If Kris makes it  I opt for the butcher boy. Fried jumbo. Jumbo? Jumbo what? Seems its a local delicacy you can only get in Pittsburgh - just kidding. I don't even like bologna but I actually drool thinking about this sandwich. Heck  onions and tomato on fresh Italian bread doused with the perfect amount of oil "THE Place to go if you want to feed a family of four for under $20!!  Meat is fresh The best hoagies in Pittsburgh...hands down!!!  I live in Cleveland but originally from McKeesport. Every time I come home I will have da Super Battleship hands down best sub I've had thus far!! Steelers for life "I think triangle hoagies are great for parties and tailgates.  I normally order one or two battleships and all the fixings.  They are huge BUT on this trip I was buying several to share with people from out of town.  They are cash only and more than happy to show you an ATM that charges you $2.50 per transaction.  The employees don't set the rules but have to live with them.  That $2.50 came out of their tip The Best of the Best!!!!!!!!!!!"  and so on.. now in my late 20's my mom and I still have a ritual of going out to shop and then to each grab a battleship for dinner at our separate homes at least once a month. In over 20 years I can not think of a single bad experience with the place  I'd rather opt for a sandwich in regent square or on the waterfront."  but for some reason good simple  things (basic awesome bread) are hard to come by.  The cheesesteak was fantastic as well.  We felt that the cheesesteak was better than Danny's.  We have NOTHING like this in the west.  Definitely a great place They have an ATM inside and only take cash."  was able to stop by and get some take out.  Fun to watch the staff of about 4 making the sandwiches. Just get in line and order when it is your turn.  The 26 inch Italian was so tasty with lots of meat and the sweetness of the Italian dressing.   The place was jumping with people in line and all the tables and bar full of people eating one of the great sandwiches." "I have loved this place since I was a kid. It has not changed since then. This is not a ""nice"" place to dine in. It's a hole in the wall bar that makes Pittsburgh's best sandwiches. Huge stuffed hogies. I mean huge. The ""Battleship"" is the cornerstone size and it could satisfy 4-5 men no problem. My favs? Corned beef  fresh bread and great dressing!  For the price it can't be beat!" After the first taste of the battleship it is with pride I can say they all said ""WOW"" they loved them." "Gonna get some cold cuts today!  I must say that they know how to make a quality sub or ""BattleShip.""  You come in to this place and you know its quality by the line stretching to the door. I saw one guy walking out with at least five. I've ordered these for parties and events but will always stop (even if I'm not hungry) when I'm in the Swissvale area.  There is just something about these subs I can't explain.  They do everything right here.  From the breads to the meats  get the destroyer and you won't be disappointed!!" We never watch a game or have a party without a Battleship hoagie!!!! Always a crowd favorite!! The ultimate tailgate essential. Steeler football and a battleship go hand and hand!! fresh bread and good eats.it's definitely worth a return visit."  If you are going to call it and Italian. Use Pepperoni." Conclusion:  Will revisit in the future but going no mayo the second time around." Got Five more subs for my 31st class reunion. Gateway.  Almost everyone had some and as always the super battleships were great.  Called ahead and they had them ready when we got there!  Thanks guys!  possibly the best in the burgh.  If you are ordering for lunch you can call ahead and have it ready for when you get there."  I love going to this place because of the fresh ingredients that they use to make their sandwiches daily. You also have a pretty generous palette of options to select from  the bread was especially good thanks for a wonderful meal on our short visit to Pittsburgh" I will definitely visit again."  and it kept us full for a subsequent long-ish walk in the park.  I'd highly recommend it as an ideal picnic item.  Whether you live near Swissvale or not Just in from California and had to bring my family here everytime I come to Pittsburgh. The super battleship is fantastic and feeds my whole family.6 of us .6 big pieces.love this sandwich.its all good.Just get over there and try it.You wont be disapointed.See you in 4 months when im back in town guys.Keep up the good work.  and often we would make the drive just to get them. Very fresh ingredients Got a meatball hoagie today. It was delicious. The meatballs are huge and juicy!  Would order again. Too bad this place is kinda out of the way or I would be eating here much more often." "I love their sub sandwiches during the Football season that's my favorite spot. The Decour is kind of old but don't let that scare you  and Italian.  They were a huge hit with everyone at the party and they were absolutely delicious!  I read the reviews of this place here on Yelp and everyone said they had the best sandwiches in Pittsburgh.  They definitely did not disappoint.  A fantastic way to feed a lot of people I would also recommend calling in your order ahead of time because it can get really busy in there. Plus during lent they might run out of fish  skip the sandwich ring and get a battleship or even super battleship." All I can say for this place is that if you were starving in the desert and stumbled upon it you'd actually might rather starve to death.  The dressing was good. But if im looking for a hoagie I'd rather go to GetGo. First and last visit. Great sandwich! As big as a canoe! Really enjoyed it. I will be back. I must lay down now. The meat sweats have arrived. awsome food just got a battleship an over hr ago piles of meat mmmm havent been here in a long time good job guys you get better all the time This is not a place really where you order and sit down to get your grub on. You're best ordering it to go. Don't forget to get a Turner's Tea while you're there too!" the food was excellent and you can always get you a good drink while you're there the services are right we always stop after we go bowling the atmosphere is on right prices are reasonable the employees are very friendly it's not too far from where I live at I would recommend this restaurant to others it has been this location for a number of years their battleships are amazing I would advise if you come to Pittsburgh to have to stop and check out this place you have to wait long for your food and the drinks are reasonably priced To the ladies- this is the best joint in Pittsburgh to get your SATC mode on." "I was here last night for a few drinks and a couple of appetizers.  I go here about 6 or 7 times a year.  The bar itself is beautiful.  The seating is great with a huge circular bar in the middle and a lot of leather seats towards the sidewalk by the open air doors and windows.  They also have seating outside which is good for people watching especially when there is some type of event in the city.  I've found the staff to be a little above average  I will definitely be heading back to Bossa Nova on another night - it has a very nice atmosphere. But I'll be sticking to one drink at a time." Verdict: Drink but avoid the food at all costs..." Good drinks with some run of the mill tapas. Nothing was innovative which I don't mind since it wasn't to expensive. My food taste a little burnt which is what cost it the fourth star. Overall it's worth trying and you may like it better than I did. "SO disappointed with this place! I've been wanting to try it for some time and finally did and boy...what a letdown. I had heard that it was one of downtown's happening Happy Hour places "Cavernous and huge floor plan.   The location of Bossa Nova is perfect if you're downtown - either coming from or going to a show at Heinz Hall or walking across the Alleghany over the Clemente bridge to go to a game.  The place is handy if you're with a large group.  The timing was probably bad - the Monday nite of Thanksgiving week at 8 pm but there was no more than a 4 or so tables going off.   I fear that BN may not be long for this world.  However All in all a fun place to hang out.  One thing I noticed is that there is a gap between when it's jumping.  Right after work is good b c you get the happy hour peeps Although you will always have your creepers....case in point last night. A strange man claiming to work at Saks went around kissing our hands. But who doesn't come out of a bar without a creeper story. It just adds more flavor to the place...or a good story to tell the day after!" It was a little more bar than restaurant  the barstaff is generally friendly and very quick - most likely so you don't realize you just paid eight dollars for a beer."  so I was shocked for them to say they are closed when I walked in the door at 9:15 pm.  But I went back again the next day and had a wonderful meal there.  I was a little disappointed that some of the traditional Spanish items Came here for drinks on a Thursday night which was salsa night. Very classy and swanky.  Great to find some culture among the steeler jersey laden bars that cover most of the area.  Bossa Nova is one happening spot in the downtown area The quality of the food and drinks (and their corresponding high prices) probably merit a two-star review. But we were greated by a very pleasant hostess and served well by the nice bartender. Their service alone probably earns Bossa Nova the three stars I am giving." I am not saying that people who like this place are any particular sort. Some of my favorite people like Bossa Nova. Just stating my personal experience."  no louder than the booming music mind you. Made my stomach churn. Also they used him to close at 1:15am on a saturday. Thats pretty lame for a downtown bar just because they were not packed. Bars in Salt Lake City Utah do that  again.   The hostess never lifted her head from whatever she was reading.   I think that a sign would have served a much better purpose.   On the back side it could have said ""thanks for your business"" .....or lack  but the atmosphere definitely gave off the ""I'm better than all of you"" type of vibe. Maybe it was the fact that they charge for th coat check?" "We went there for a late dinner. They have a tapa menu. The environment is nice. People were dancing in the bar area and the DJ has pretty good tastes for music. The food is just so so. The waiter waitress doesn't seem to know what they are doing... We waited for 20 mins just for someone to come back to get us the bill. The most surprising thing is: I ordered fries and I asked for ketchup. They said ""we don't have ketchup"".... which is quite ""amazing""..." I ended up going to Bossa on Latin Dance night.  I was impressed as to how many people were on the dance floor.  I had a good time and would most likely go back when I hit up Pittsburgh again. Went to an event here. The meatballs were frozen meatballs. It was ok. I probably wouldn't go back to eat. This place is average in food price and quality. But the attitude of this place could be better. Go to Six Penn instead. They have outstanding service without the pompous attitude Go to salsa night on Thursdays super FUN "The menu was small and underwhelming. The flatbread pizza most likely came out of the box. They didn't have the sauces I'd be interested to return here for a late night experience because the restaurant lounge has an open layout with peripheral seating which seems conducive to bumping into and then talking with people." "A great neighborhood bar in the strip with authentic tasting Irish pub food. I'm a fan of going early (though it's so empty and lonely looking early in the day) for a brunch of bangers They had some live music (a guy with a wee guitar singing eclectic covers) which was decent and ended at 1am.  We were the last patrons before closing at 2  relaxed atmosphere.  The staff is especially pleasant and very friendly.  H&F is an excellent place for the end of the work week.  They have nightly specials during happy hour Which lasts from 5pm to 7pm. H&F also has live bands playing nightly.  The acts range from up tempo rock music to laid back acoustic guitar acts.  Overall  like the cover charge that happens for every single event. Great Guinness Toast (where you had to use plastic cups!)- $5; St. Patrick's Day Parade- $10!! We made it for breakfast on parade day I don't get pissed over things I can't control so I ignore ignorant people who like drama. We did have some excellent BBQ pulled pork nachos! Maybe an event there would be different but my experience...Yawn" We started to leave just as a few musicians came in.  I think I'd enjoy coming back here for a drink and an appetizer during some live Irish music!  Service was a bit slow  and if you're in the mood for some fish & chips you're really limited to two excellent options in town: Piper's Pub or the Harp & Fiddle." All this place needs is a good wash. Let me know when Excellent atmosphere and friendly service.   Food was great.  the service is always spot on.  I really wish there was a place like this in my neighborhood in Denver."  but the food is very good. My Shepherd's Pie was outstanding. The whiskey bundt cake we shared was also rockin'. Our server was a cute chick with awesome hair. Only Piper's Pub makes better Irish food than this place." Tons of travelling entertainers and bands  it is a fun time. The musicians have been pretty good whenever I've been in. I'd like to go in more but I can only manage their happy hour - unfortunately the place is too expensive for anything else. I had my first and last full night's drinking there a few weeks ago and we were all pretty shocked when we saw the check."  we had the deep fried pickles. Quite okay. Quite a decent Reuben sandwich. Would like to see a better beer selection. One of the few places open in the strip district after 5 pm."  I sent my meal back to the kitchen. The Corn Beef in the Corn Beef and Cabbage tasted really bad and felt like I was chewing gum. Avoid that plate at all costs" "This is the most authentic Irish Pub you will find.   The food is good and plentiful and the beer selection is impressive.  I have been several times to the Ceili  dances on Tuesday night TWO STARS BECAUSE THIS PLACE IS DIRTY.  Its very dirty.  So dirty.  Maybe they  dont notice it at night during the bulk of their business.  Inch of dusk on the window sill.  So gross.  Please I didn't stay very long. We had the journey back to Beaver County. But I liked the look of this place. Would be a good place to have a nice chat with some friends on a Wednesday night." The crowd tends to be a little more mature which is nice!" "I have only eaten at Mulaney's once and drank here twice but I hope to come more often. I had a traditional Pittsburgh steak salad that was pretty good but the real draw is the music. The first time we came in  the consensus was we'd go back."  I was craving a salad and have little time for lunch.  I asked for medium cooked steak and it is BEYOND well done.  It is actually crispy.  The French fries on top are rock hard but are not burnt which seems to me to be recooked from yesterday.  I cannot eat this.  I will certainly walk the extra few blocks from now on to get food that is prepared properly.   Never again for me."  the worst quality greasy ground hamburger and canned crunchy onions (on a Shepard's Pie?). I ate less than half and am debating if I will allow my dogs to eat the rest or throw it away.  The potato soup was so salty I chugged water afterwards to feel relief. I was physically Illl from the grease and butter. I mean that literally. The only thing Irish about this place is the name and the Guiness on tap. Other than an ill mannered and intoxicated uncultured college student no one will like this place. I have had better experiences at the Giant Eagle hot food counter. Sorry guys you have got to do better if you ever think ill return." Wanted to like this place as we haven't explored the strip district because of the touristy feel and crowds..wanted to explore different areas of the city. The fish was kind of slimey and didn't have a good taste. The fries were really hard and had been cooked until they was no potato within them. The Shephard pie had instant mashed potato taste some crumbled hamburger and plain cheddar cheese on top with small shreds of carrot. Not much better than a KFC bowl and the onion rings were just the frozen food variety. Not sure why people like it so much. If we had been drinking we wouldn't care. Maybe they had a bad day. I would recommend paying attention to cook times and to get rid of the fish. Maybe use fresh or in store made ingredients for Shephard's pie "I love authentic Irish pubs like this one. Probably the best tasting Guinness I've ever had. The food selection is a little limited but everything I've experienced there has been very tasty. My friend and I went there and he had the wings We've heard both good and bad about this place.  My wife loves corned beef and cabagge so we had to try it. The atmosphere was great as was the entertainment.  The food was a bit of a disappointment.  Her corned beef was dry. I had a Shepard's pie. The chef had such a heavy hand with the salt that I couldn't taste anything else. This is probably a great place to listen to music and grab a beer. The food? Not so much.  as one of my friends had previously done and told me to as well. I was not disappointed! Really great food. Highly recommended." "Moved to the Strip and tried the food with a group of four.  The Shepard's Pie was awful...I am not sure what the meat was and the flavor was odd.  One other person tried it and would not eat it.  The fish n chips were not good.  The fries were soggy and soft One of these days Armand's.  I will taste your fish sandwich.  One of these days.  I swear." "There is simply no way to describe Armand's fish sandwich without taking the Lord's name in vain.  It's like that  I have never eaten their fish sandwich. I don't eat animal flesh  although it is also stocked with a soda machine if you get thirsty waiting for your sandwich to be made.   Although for a fish sandwich and fries you'll probably drop about $10 "I walked in to try the fish sandwich that I have heard so much about but decided not to stay. The smell of smoke is over powering.  If your not a chain smoker Don't dismiss the sandwich though for the dive bar atmosphere.  It IS a sought after years old tradition - and apparently consistent.  If you're hankering for a good jumbo sized fish sandwich The bar reeks of smoke and the bar table feels sticky. You'll definitely feel like you're in the deepest hole in the way. The only good thing is that the drinks are cheap. But I really wouldn't recommend going there.  but if you just want a place that is totally chill and downtempo where you can drink with friends "The fish sandwich alone is why I give this place 5 stars. It was one if a kind and worth the money. I bought the large fish sandwich and it had 2 and a half huge filets of a white fish over powering the large circular bun. She wouldn't say what fish it is but I didn't even care. Food is served from 11am-5pm Monday through Friday. The bar is ""smoker friendly"" and I'm not a smoker so I can't judge a smokers bar.. The older lady that made the sandwich for me has been making the same sandwich for over 40 years. That alone should make you try this sandwich."  is naturally a bit dry.  I would recommend two people and an allotted half-hour naptime to conquer the large.   I imagine the small might be more manageable for a single hungry soul."  and downright  OBNOXIOUS!!!!  Was the fish good enough for me to ever go back - NEVER!!!!!!!!" The ability to sit and have a drink is unparalleled. Bam! Armands!" As of 07 2014 food service stops at 7 PM on Friday. The sign looks like the one pictured but with a giant black 7 over the kitchen closing hour for Friday so I'd guess all the other hours are the same (I didn't take a very good look as I was focused on the deliciousness before me)." Most of the places  go to -have free Wifi." FD6OocZdFUfE2J5H0WN4fA  lots of drinkers. But you know what? I love my neighborhood and I love walking in and seeing familiar faces. Prices are fair and the bartenders are cool---they're great to talk to and look out for patrons. Seriously can't beat an ice cold pitcher of PBR when you're low on funds." The fish sandwich is so famous you can't even get one."  you will be in for a treat.  Anyone who thinks that Bloomfield has good Italian food is a complete idiot who doesn't know Italian food Breakfast is huge. If you can handle all that food for a cheap price  probably a quarter pound of ham & sauted peppers & onions. Fresh hand cut Italian bread toast from bakery down the street '& fresh thick bacon too. Yum   etc.  I cannot stand hearing my best friends name being used in vain or as curse words.  When people say Jesus Christ name or God followed by the d word.... I get upset." This is one of those old school Bloomfield type of places that 's a one person operation likey Rocky's.  Jeannie does it all.  Expect to be cursed at a lot and yelled at if you don't finish your meal.  The food is very greasy and filling  I love the Reuben sandwich and every night they have some themed drink special night. I think Thursday night is ladies night and on Friday they have free wings from 5-7. The last time I went I watched the U.S. Open Women's Semi-finals and the wings did not disappoint!" Now I just need to find somebody in Pittsburgh who can mix me a Black Opal." The bar food is quality -- I highly recommend the fried zucchini. There's also the Munchies Platter  and not spilling over the brim with sports fans.  They have good solid pub food which is tasty and with big portions.  The food is always above par and I don't ever think I've had something I wouldn't order again.  I even got a grilled cheese and loved it!!  There is a bit of sticker shock  and prices and specials are pretty good.  They've got plenty of screens to watch your favorite event(s)  which is flavorful as well as hot.  I'd buy it by the bottle if I could.  The menu is huge Phenomenal bloody mary on a Sunday. Cute bar tender. delightful ghetto dive. I guess I need to get in on these free wings at some point..  neighborhood place with great food and a wonderful staff ... Silky's on Liberty is your place. Daily specials plus a respectable standard fare means you'll never tire of the menu. Warm nights make the sidewalk tables perfect for socializing and people watching (goodness knows that Bloomfield has its share of characters.) But what really makes this place special is the fabulous folks who work there. Take some time to get to know them. They're fun and interesting! Enjoy!" All of us agreed this is the worst place we have been in for smoke and some of our group were smokers  but easy access to smoking outside.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  The jukebox isn't bad.  All in all I was pleasantly suprised with how much I actually enjoyed this place.  I was a little leary at first  but the quality is there so I can excuse that. We hope to check the place out on a busier night to check out the atmosphere Silky's usually makes the list to watch a game or if weather calls for outdoor drinking."  pretty decent burger topped with lots of bacon. The bacon is still crunchier than I like it...I don't know if it's the cut or the way they cook it. The waffle fries are seasoned and really yummy. Good selection of beers. I will never try the pasta. Anyone who goes to a bar and eats pasta and thinks it might actually be good or authentic is delusional. I don't really fit in in this place  I was ill for essentially the entire weekend after eating here on a Friday night.  I won't take Silky's off my list entirely because it is close to my house.  My wrap was good and the staff was friendly.  The place was packed and so that says something positive to me."  affordable.  Nice stop before an evening out.  I need to head there primetime to assess the evening vibe.  Will be back." All and all this is one of my favorite sports bars!" The food that other people ordered smelled and looked great. Even the seafoody bits which I normally hate smelling. The tv's are plentiful and newer. I just don't know if I'll ever get to go back and try the food as I hate being slighted by a business owner and treated as if my business isn't appreciated."  just a short walk from my workplace.  My coworkers and I went out here after work.  It's a nice little cozy environment that just has a comforting feel to it.  Plenty of flat screen TVs to catch the big game "I've been to all 3 Silky's locations and this is my favorite. The food is great  and drink a beer look no further than The 'Chester."  but you've got to come here and be very very patient." i was there again tonight and it was so much better.  I really think the staff was overwhelmed on saturday.  food was good.  silkys has one of the best reubens in town. "This place is great for your standard neighborhood pub food. Time and time again my boyfriend and I try other places along Liberty Ave. since moving to the Bloomfield area. Too many times we've been disappointed and say...""Let's just go to Silky's next time."" Recenty that has morphed into just going to Silky's when we want a simple but good meal. Their burgers are very good  I probably wouldn't go back JUST for the food. If I were meeting  a group of people here Awesome wings and they're 50 cents during all Pen's games Oh and shuffleboard.  As far as I'm concerned no greater drinkin game.  Write that down ."  husband enjoyed his Rachel and the burger was also enjoyed.  Def give it a taste if you're in the neighborhood." The TV's are a plenty."  but Silky's makes a strong play to be your go-to neighborhood hangout." "They have an amazing on tap beer selection. Several small tvs. But if the Steelers aren't playing  and for bar food it's actually quite good. The location is perfect for sitting out on the tables right on Liberty and chatting with buddies as the cars go by." 3zgswf_NfBJpeAoWeTkgMA Excellent food! Excellent service! I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great meal with great service. A good neighborhood joint!"  and the service at the bar is always professional. Don't come here expecting fast food My experience here was terrible. A 15 minute wait for a draft beer on a slow night? No thanks. Just there last evening after a 12 hour shift at work. ordered a Rachel sandwhich...received a reuben. The server apologized and offered to get the correct sandwhich for me to go. She brought it to the table packaged to go. I drove all the way home to moon township opened my container and found another reuben sandwhich.....disappointing to say the least.  The fries were great however.  the patio is a great option. There's potential for good people watching on Liberty Ave most days. However  it seemed to tailor to an older crowd (30-49 seemed to be the median age when I was there).  I would have given it 5 stars had they been fully stocked on their draft beer.  I like to drink unique or uncommon beers when traveling and had to settle for Molson that night."  i ate it with a fork. The juice from the tacos also made the tater tots extremely soggy.  Everyone else in my group was disappointed in some way with our visit." "SIlkys is pretty sweet. The french onion soup and new england clam chowder are delish.  Beers are on the pricier end but its no dive bar so that's to be expected. They do have drink specials sometimes but never when I'm there  food was great and they kept the volume on the jukebox to a reasonable level for 6-7 pm in the evening.  Have had issues with all 3 things on multiple recent (last year or so) visits Great place.  Nice service.  Good beer.  Outdoor seating.  Nice pub food.   Definately recommend.  but I really appreciated the size of the tables for two. They could have probably fit four people but with only two seats it felt like there was actually enough room for plates and drinks and such. One of my biggest annoyances with eating at bars is getting an extraordinarily small Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu."  my party of three sat down at a table.  We received no attention from the waitstaff.  When I went back up to the bar to buy another round for my party  the wings. They are double-fried and soooo crispy. I have not had such awesome wings in a long time! Otherwise Mediocre food and also over-priced. Ordered the Reuben and it was brought out with the bottom of the bread soggy (maybe from sitting too long). Confronted waitress and awkwardness ensued as she wouldn't take my plate right away and resolve the issue. The solution: THEY GAVE ME A NEW PIECE OF TOAST ON A PLATE TO REPLACE THE SOGGY BREAD MYSELF! And to top it all off...they didn't discount my bill AT ALL. I think the terrible Rueben was around $10.99 and soft drinks are NO FREE REFILL! This Silky's Pub place is a complete JOKE.  usually have good service and am usually satisfied with my food. This time my chicken on my salad seemed way overcooked...just some of it though...almost as if 2 chicken breasts had been used  folks! Delicious Sunday brunch and 22 ounce Bloody Mary specials." I ordered what was described as a vegetarian sandwich "This place is two separate businesses. One is a retail shop which is very nice and typical cigar store. Many varieties. The other part is a cigar bar which serves alcohol and snack food. Nice area but small. When its crowded "At the pub restaurant side I had a very bad experience If you can't stand the smoke or the smell - then this is not the place for you."  and in fact a customer ordered Chinese food on his cell phone to be delivered to the pub so that he  could eat dinner. The barmaid sat at the bar the whole time I was there...smoking and chatting up her buds. Avoid at all cost. Had to ask for a drink each time  2 there prices are awful. There are several other places a cigar smoker can go with much better service and prices. Smoke cigar lounge in collier "Closed down as of last Saturday...  Sad to see it go.  I don't live very close to here but this was my 'go-to' spot every 2-3 weeks when my wife was getting her nails done at South Hills Villiage.  Friendly staff Closed down as of last Saturday...  Sad to see it go.  Even their Website & Facebook pages say they are closed. I saw this coming in 2005." This place is back open!!! According to the website it looks like it was bought by Puff-N-Stuff "This little gem has kicked it up 1000% since the new owners took over and got rid of the God awful smoking. The craft beer selection is awesome. Great atmosphere and very cozy. Will be nice when they are able to serve a little food  and even board games. Haven't been there when it's busy so service was always top notch."  and the pool table in the back. I played a quick game of pool while polishing off a Nitro Mojo IPA. I'm sorry I couldn't stay longer  but don't want the hectic atmosphere of Cain's then the Korner Pub has that.  It is dark mugOAOmylJu5p85Jz_zqOQ   this is a great place. Good beer at the most reasonable price ive seen. Its laid back and welcoming. The only reason i didnt not give it 5 stars is because the lack of parking but it truly is one of my favorite places to have a drink." Nice local pub.  Younger crowd when I was there.  Decent selection of beer-to-go. Great palce for a pint a best bar food you will be able to find... they have great friend pickels and there steak sandwhich is pretty awesome... the place is kinda hard to find since it is in a house in a neighborhood and the line can be crazy long... but the food is worth it... go with a few friends and relaize that you will be there for a few hours... take you time and drinks some beers  but make it a point to eat it everytime I visit.  Locals living near the restaraunt know it by name.  I've heard the other food is also great ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  since most restaurants serve the usual warm-on-the-outside-cold-in-the-middle-sad-excuse-for-a-meal hockey puck. I was surprised that it was not only excellent and flavorful "I really like a place where you can customize your burger and this place had turned that into an art.  There are an infinite number of ways to to get your burger done.  Plus they don't just have burgers It's a neighborhood place in one of Charlotte's nicest neighborhoods....the Fourth Ward.  The food is good.  The service is good.  The setting is GREAT! Definitely a great date place. Cool vibe and classy in an understated way--check it out!"  and I look forward to returning to this new (to me).  The only disappoint is that we weren't able to see the famous pole that they talked about on the back of the menu.  It's located in the women's restroom and apparently it's caused quite a few bruises.  Funny!"  while my boyfriend loves to get the London broil sandwich or the pita chicken wrap with honey mustard. The fries and onion rings are delicious too. Plus  walking here transports you completely away from the hustle and bustle and rowdiness of Tryon."  NC.  The only problem with it is that its too far away from my house!  :)  It is a treat to visit the 4th ward.  Great food "3.5 stars overall..bumped up to a 4 for being...""cozy"".. as one of my friends put it.  Solid food and a good place to start out a night.  A good way to get away from all the new and experience something with true Charlotte style."  and I strongly recommend that you make the effort to find it in the 4th Ward.  It's easiest to get to off Graham Street - just turn south onto 9th and it's a block or so up the road.  Loved it!!!" BY9Xk5754hpJv3pVgD_fkg  is a great pub style joint perfect for a brew and some excellently prepared food.  It's a rub shoulders kind of joint with dark benches perfect for long conversations." I'm glad I went once. Likely not again." When I first moved to Charlotte more than a few people mentioned Alexander Michael's to me.  I had my expectations built up.  The place is solid and a decent pub neighborhood restaurant.  I might have rated it better if people hadn't built it up to me so much before going.  If I lived near the place I would go pretty frequently for a beer or some food.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to get to it (like i would with some other Charlotte places).  All in all - a solid pub neighborhood bar with some character but nothing earth shattering. T_kMEgHqIqwbHR_7yhqWFw i'd like to go back another time when i can enjoy some drinks and try another menu selection."  which one of my dining partners characterized as melted Velveeta with crab and while that description might sound rather unappealing  but the selling point is it is one of the few places in Charlotte that has culture and history.  An old victorian building in a neighborhood that feels more like Charleston than Charlotte.  Tired of uptown chains and overprices bistros  fried pickles and the crawfish burrito Not too shabby of a  beer selection either."  atmosphere and great food to boot. If you want to break from the norm Love this place.  Great food and unique character.  A must if you live in Charlotte. Hands down one of my favorite places in Charlotte and can say without a doubt have never even had a mediocre experience here ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A Thank you Yelp for leading me here!" A hidden gem in the oldest area of downtown.  An old victorian neighborhood in the midst of downtown Charlotte!  I love the Ruben! If you like wings the Garlic Honey wings are soooo good!! I would definitely recommend to come here they have good beers a good neighborhood feel and of course good food. The servers are very nice and helpful!!" Fantastic date place!!!  This little restaurant has fantastic apps and dinners.  My favorites are the Shrimp Marsala or the What It Is.  The crab soup is excellent also.  When I am there for dinner I always get a half and half with my meal.  But if you are just going for lunch get the chicken quesadillas - excellent.  Ladies!  Watch out for the pole!  Then take a walk around the beautiful Fourth Ward! Definitely one of the best places to go in Charlotte.  The food is really good and the service is outstanding.  This is truly something for everyone on the menu.  The location is reason enough to go as the neighborhood is one of the more unique places in Charlotte.  The beer selection is also fantastic "This place is great for a chill dinner and drinks. A very laid back atmosphere makes it perfect for dinner before heading out or just relaxing all night. It has a bar atmosphere without the crazy drunks and extremely loud crowd. The food isn't 5 star I do have fond memories of the chocolate martini..."  what is with people and fried pickles?!" ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  and great food!  You must try the nachos!  Everything on the menu is good I might return and try something else on the menu - like their massive 1 2 pound burgers - and we'll see if it'll make me a fangirl." The service has always been super friendly and laid back - just how I like it at this kind of joint. Next time my tummy's growling in the 4th ward I'll definitely make a trip back to Alexander Michael's!"  low ceilings make for a cozy atmosphere.  Probably not the #1 place for enjoying the natural sunlight of a gorgeous day." Ok I stumbled over this place by being invited by a friend. I have lived in Charlotte for going on three months and had no idea this place exsisted.  It is tcuked away in a neighborhood right in downtown.  I hear this place is a establishment in Charlotte and has been around for a long time.  I now know why..  the food is fantastic! The fried pickles are a must a littel salty but good.  I had the Fried Chicken Special with Garlic mash with Gravy and it was GOOOOOOOODD!!!  My friend had the London Broil and looked amazing and the prices were so reasonable.  I highly recommend this place its a chance to see a good ol local hangout in the city of Charlotte. See ya next month Alex!" Food: 7 10; Service: 9 10; Value: 7 10; Atmosphere 10 10" One of my favorite spots in Charlotte. Definitely a locals spot. They have the best wings in town (Texas wild wings). They remembered my name after my first trip. Can't say enough about the place. Check it out. "Just had the London Broil Sandwich. Came in looking for a French dip but was convinced this was the way to go. The London Broil was loaded with meat I think Alexander Michael's exudes ""chill"" and this is what is so attractive about it.  The clientele was young and old; it neither felt like a country club or a college sports bar.  The TV's (though they show sporting events) don't distract from conversation like most sports bars and though there is a bar "We went there on a Friday night and the place was packed.  Staff greeted us immediately and sat us quickly.  Food was great.  We shared the fried pickles and had the crawfish burrito and the ""what is it"".  I can't stress enough on how excellent the services was.  For as crowded as they were it was quite amazing we were treated like royalty!" Our server was so sweet too." "Live across the st quite literally.  Great neighborhood place with standard predictable pub fare.  Quite busy during lunch which is surprising since it is a bit more of a walk than other Uptown restaurants.  Service was prompt The service was attentive with a snap of attitude.  I think they probably are friendlier toward their regulars "Great place to take a date. Candles If you're into beards and eating expensive food in the dark I think you'll really like this place  cinnamon-flavored bread covered with caramel and two heaping dollops of whip cream.  Its a large portion "One of our favorite cozy places to eat in Uptown.  Dark and cozy booths  this is what I call a destination restaurant.  You definitely would never just stumble upon it.  It was opened in 1983 by two Charlotte attorneys (A. Michael Troiano Jr & Alexander Copeland III) "I've been to Alexander Michael's a few times now and always have a great time.  It has a ton of character - tucked away on a little street of old houses in the 4th ward.  The wait staff is always friendly "Hands down one of the best bars in Charlotte. Tucked away in a small side street in 4th ward Nice being back there after so long. Just as friendly as I remembered and the food was even better. My favorite was the fried pickles! Definitely a great  place to stop in for a beer and a good (not fussy or overpriced) bite to eat if you are in or near 4th Ward.  This place is a  Charlotte instititution! I have many fond memories of gathering with friends at Al Mike's throughout the 90's!  the selection isn't the best. But overall I hope to come back when I can kick back and imbibe on some good libations! The food alone definitely warrants returning again and again."  and the service was quietly good. Darkish lighting. I had a feeling in the pit of my stomach underneath the 5 pounds of nacho that the place swims in RL polos and Sperrys on the wkends (and this is before I perused other yelper's thoughts on the subject) but for Monday night nosh Incredible nachos.  Incredible food. Try their best sellers.  Atmosphere is quaint. Great for a casual date night. Enjoy! My biggest gripe of the night was the pace of service. I don't know if the server (or chef) had somewhere to be but she was going a mile a minute. I wanted to relax and enjoy my meal not be rushed in and out in less than 45minutes. My dinner came as half of my salad remained uneaten...and the salad was literally brought out in less than a minute after I ordered it. I realize its a small venue with limited seating but there wasn't anyone waiting for a table and last  I checked this was not at a fast food joint." One thing I appreciate about this restaurant is the frequency of daily-specials they offer during lunch. Everytime I've gone  it's very minimal.  So if you sit back towards the back prepare to eat by candlelight (even at lunch).  The only windows are towards the front so that's why." One of my favorite places to eat in Uptown. My go to dishes are the London broil entree and the what it is. Tried out most of the menu and can't say I've had anything bad. The daily specials are usually pretty great as well. Wonderful place for lunch. Great service.love to visit this place "My regular stop whenever I am in Charlotte. Great service  but with an upscale twist.  If you haven't been to Alexander Michael's - GO!  If you've already been This was me and my husband's first date...per my suggestion(he was new to town)."  it was great.  The story behind the building and its decor was interesting to read.  The food is good.  As most reviewers have stated ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A My dinner was awesome.  I ordered their blackend cat fish sandwich with fried pickles.  Yum!  Since Waiting for a table we sat at the bar and I noticed they had a great beer selection on tap and I'm not talking Anhueser Busch B.S. Lots of craft beers and a good amount of local brews. I tried a few high ABV brews that were really good and put my head in another world. I had been in town for about 3 hours by this time I'm really liking Charlotte. For dinner I tried something called ""What It Is"". it's a Cajun pasta dish. Being Cajun The bar is really cool though.  Good selection of beers including two highland beers from Asheville and other craft beers. I'll be back."  I'd focus on parking and adding more tables.  Street parking in a quiet neighborhood can be limited.  I've been here a handful of times when there has been a line out the door with people waiting for a table.  Both faults One of the best spots in all of Charlotte.  Great for business lunches.  The london broil sandwich is one of the best steak sandwiches I have ever had.  Nice atmosphere and good beer selection too.  and I have to say.. the ones at Alexander Michael's are among the top three in this city! The food is simple and tasty (even if you just want a simple garden burger ppaxBKZWHiH7-sAeC9pUFw Locals refer to this as Al Mike's and it is a wonderful 4th Ward pub." ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A lots of character here.  nothing special but just a solid place to grab drinks and good food.  great neighborhood feel. "Great atmosphere and tucked neatly away in the 4th ward neighborhood This is my trademark location when I am in Charlotte!" ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  but enough to remind me that I probably needed to have only this one helping.  The atmosphere is friendly and service fantastic.  Such a comfortable and comforting place.  This is my go-to spot anytime I am in uptown downtown anywhere in CLT." I for sure will be back again!" Solid comfort food beer joint." Great atmosphere great service great food!! Charlotte charm.  I love this part of 4th Ward and make it a point to bring out-of-town guests through this neighborhood to show off just how cool Charlotte is with all its hidden gems. But my eating experience at AM was lack luster. The spicy crab soup was very good and I would come back for that. The menu looked wonderful and I didn't know where to begin . . .  so I went for the crawfish burrito cause it read as if it was going to be spicy and flavorful. Not so. All I could taste was the black beans. I took a bite of the London Broil sandwhich and was not impressed. I am still on the look out for a great sandwich shop." Such a great low key place to go and have a great dinner. Their Fried pickles are amazing and have an awesome beer selection! This is my go to place for a fun relaxing evening dinner uptown. "Some folks in Charlotte will never get the pleasure of experiencing this great little spot unless they yelp it lol. It's nestled away in the 4th Ward area of uptown. Like much of uptown neighborhood restaurants I wouldn't go out of my way to go back but I wouldn't kick and scream if invited to go again."  I highly recommend. Definitely one of the Uptown staples."  and the staff make this a 5-star establishment ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A I'll definitely be back!"  and was worried that the second time would be a let down. Not so - I love this bar. The best part: it's walkable from my place  this Charlotte landmark is a must!"  but that's part of the charm of this place.  It's pretty dark and dim at night but it sets a cool mood for hanging out  and a cheerful crowd combine to make a visit to Alexander MIchael's a special night out and a haven for the traveler at the end of a day on the road. And a memory to renew when visiting Charlotte again."  but it doesn't really have an uptown feel.  Very cozy atmosphere and great food."  my fiance and I decided we couldn't not go. I love that it's truly a neighborhood pub - no parking lot surrounding it. The buffalo chicken sandwich and the cajun fries. The food and the beer selection are worth the trip." My personal business travel rules discourage me from eating at the same place twice  kinda boring.  I think the point of this place is more to go ""have a few"" after work and such.  When looking for great food in uptown  with the charm and hospitality.  Coming here makes you wish you had Alexander Michaels in your neighborhood.  The workers are very welcoming and efficient.  They are quick to take your orders  and the chill atmosphere.  A great place.  Would have given five stars had the menu been a little bigger offering more variety." This is by far one of my favorite places in Charlotte.  It has a very chill atmosphere and the food is great.  This is a great first date spot. E1Wu-YuaNJWgQqSIsW8K5Q If I lived in Charlotte I would be a regular." ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  the ""What it's All About"" chicken was very good.  I was disappointed I couldn't substitute for the potatoes Parking is on the street and it is only for two hours without permit. Just FYI. :D" "Stopped by here for an early lunch. The place wasn't crowded at all so we were immediately seated and got our drinks. The waitress and other employees were very friendly and were always around when we needed something. The food was delicious. I had the Mikes Hot Turkey Sandwich I love to bring out of town guests here. Such a charming place in a great neighborhood. Warm  great place to have lunch and the spicy crab soup is to die for. Ask for Milt best guy in the place. I live in 4th Ward and get takeout from here all the time" "Had a great time at Al Miike's this week. The Food was greatl The locals and the staff or great for company. The bartender suggested Today's Special  true pub. The half pound burger is maybe the best I've ever had and the selection of local brews is the perfect compliment. If you are a local looking for a ""regular spot  flakey monster.  They pair it up with a tarter sauce (did I detect a pepper in there?  Chipotle maybe?) and some kind of other sauce that was like a chunky salsa sweet-n-sour thing.  Doesn't matter.  I dumped both of them on.  It was tasty as all get out.  I devoured the enormous sandwich. The side dish I chose was the Broccoli Slaw and honestly  great for casual dates. Food was wholesome and filling though not extremely exciting. That's okay in my mind since it is a neighborhood restaurant that is really there to keep its community full  Beef Stroganoff and ""What it Is"" (a nicely spiced chicken in a Cajun cream sauce over Rotini).  It's a feel-good place that definitely notices you when you walk in and remembers you when you come back.  We love the bartenders...nothing like having your favorite drink poured and ready for you AS you settle into your barstool!  And...they carry Gentleman Jack : )" The spicy crab soup and the chicken leek  soup were delicious and I suspect homemade. The Ruben washed down with the Mecktoberfest beer was a good combo.  Very good lunch and would come back to try the dinner menu. Thanks Alexander Michael's and Charlotte's Fourth Ward for an awesome end to my to short of a visit!" This a wonderful neighborhood bar and restaurant!  The type place you can find in Atlanta or other large city.  The food is very good and the service is excellent.  The draft beer selection is good.  I highly recommend this place.  North Carolina and decided to stop here because of Yelp. As it turns out this was the best restaurant wr have been to in a while. Quality food "I recently moved to the neighborhood and finally got around to having lunch here today. Most excellent! I look forward to coming back soon for dinner. Try the Cajun fries Alexander Michaels has become a Charlotte institution.  It has great food and a cozy atmosphere within the heart of Charlotte's oldest neighborhoods.  and the service is excellent.  I have never been disappointed with anything I have ordered Alexander Michael's.  I would recommend the pasta dishes "We've been to Alexander Michaels a few times and love it each time. I find it to be romantic and quant. Our last trip was on Valentine's Day. We arrived early as they are first come first serve even on Holidays.  We started out with two beers and an order of potato wedges. The bacon and cheese covered dish was delicious and I'd get it again (without tomatoes).  For my entree I had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich with Cajun Fries and my husband had the London Broil Sandwich. We both enjoyed our meal and would recommend both menu items. We did not have any dessert this time I will give it a 2nd chance and visit again  very old and bar-looking. We were seated right away but the restaurant soon had a big wait at the door. I can see this is a neighborhood favorite. I'm currently in the ""I dine out too much and cook huge portions   eat as much as I feed my boyfriend"" stage By far my favorite place in Charlotte. The atmosphere and service are outstanding. Al Mike's is my first recommendation anytime someone asks where to eat. My only request.. Bring back Octoberfeast! Fried pickles are the best in town! TIP: Try their fried pickles! Oh my sweet goodness... best culinary surprise I've experienced in years. I was dying to order a second round of them because... wow... they were so good." "Came here for lunch w  some coworkers. Was surprisingly quiet. Had the jerk chicken salad special Bad food. Bug problem. In a neighborhood full of homeless roaming the streets like zombies.  Milt at the bar were super gracious and friendly hosts! Can't wait to come back to try their 4th Ward Stroganoff." Can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu!" "Al Mikes is the neighborhood spot. Food is always on point. Some personal favorites are the ""What it is"" and the ""4th Ward Beef Stroganoff"" . Both are unique and delish pastas. They have a great bar as well. Because of it's cozy ambiance The fried pickles are very good and the blackened fish sandwich is delicious. There are a number of local brews on tap and the atmosphere is great. Just a great place to hang. The restaurant can get a little loud but not too bad. It is a cozy location so that is to be expected."  this place would be my local watering hole if I lived in the 4th Ward.  Well done!" "This place is awesome. The ""what it is""...so delicious. I'm from Cincinnati and we come here at least once any time we are in town." "Brought family here from out of town and glad we did. Service and food were great. Staff was welcoming and the bartender helped us find beers our guests would like. Server made good  which I highly recommend. Extra points for offering Shine Bock on tap..a favorite beer I've missed dearly since Texas This place is located in such a great area! Parking can be a little tricky but other than its awesome. The menu and beer selection had a great range and the staff was friendly and make great suggestions. Also my boyfriends family is from Baton Rouge and this place does a great job of incorporating the Cajun flavor in its foods! I will be back! "I had a great time here last night. Good beer selection and tasty food. I had a watermelon beer which was really delicious  of best fries in the world.  I will make the 3 hour drive for those fries Beautiful location in the nest of some of Charlotte's downtown Victorian homes. The food is also very delicious and you can't find anything on the menu you don't want to try! If you're ever in this area give this local restaurant your time and you won't be sorry. I don't know what the hype is. I ordered steak which came out luke warm and over salted. It seemed old. Also my veggies weren't seasoned at all and were not even steamed. Not interested in returning. The service has always been top notch as well. I've never had a bad experience at Alexander Michaels and consider it one of my go-to restaurants when I'm looking for a unique charlotte restaurant that you can't get anywhere else." My husband and I went for lunch here and we loved it! It's located in a great location uptown and the service was great! My husband enjoyed the wings and I had a fantastic sandwich! Can't wait to go back and experience during dinner. Nothing special on this menu.... Overrated pub grub." Favorite restaurant in Charlotte! Food was great and so was the service. Perfect comfortable neighborhood pub. Wanna come back here.  What a charming spot." "Wonderful atmosphere. Loved the Christmas decorations. Dinner was fabulous. Had the baked chicken special This is our favorite dinner spot close to the house. Everything we have had from there has been great and it's the most cozy feeling restaurant around.  They get pretty busy on Friday and Saturday but the wait is normally pretty sort and worth it. The crab soup is out of this world good and no visit complete without it. Don't understand the hype. It a neat place. More of the neighborhood bar.  Not a good dinner place." Great 80s comfort food.  A must place to visit while in fourth ward.  The Ruben is the best with a side of pasta salad.  The pasta salad is simple but very good. A great place for a date or a small group before a Hornets game or the theater.  Several good micro beers too. Enjoy  but the wait is never a problem because you can sit at the bar and enjoy some local craft beers. We had the ""what it is"" and the ""honey chicken"" and loved both. The staff is nice and attentive and makes you feel like a local the second you walk in. Will definitely be going back!" "Al Mike's is my shit.  Want to a good place for a first date? Check.  Want Triple C babymaker in pints? Check?  Want awesome food at a great price?  Chickity friggin check. l Mike's is located in a really awesome part of the fourth ward.  Tree lined streeets and amazing houses.  Al Mike's itself looks like an awesome house turned into a restaurant.  When you walk in "Love this place! The atmosphere is awesome and the food is even better!! I've had the burgers several times and they are repeatedly phenomenal. That being said  great atmosphere!! Love the spicy crab soup This nice little hole in the wall is a gem to visit. The food was delicious and people are friendly.  I had a steak sandwich with their chips. Overall I would recommend this to anyone if they have some time ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  drinks and service were all amazing. Crab soup is to die for and so is the black bean hummus. GF got the veggie burger and I got the London Broil. Both were spectacular. I highly recommend this quaint location if you only have one night in Charlotte and want some of the best they have to offer. They were also able to offer great advice on what to do in town. Can't go wrong here." Recently moved to Charlotte-Uptown and LOVE this small neighborhood bar! Great beers on tap and bartender was friendly and helpful! Haven't eaten here yet and will definitely be back.  the service great and the prices very reasonable. Also portions that are properly sized for normal people - only one doggie bag among the 3 of us. Can't think of a thing to criticize. Go! You'll enjoy it. Don't let the ""dead end"" street sign and neighborhood aspects confuse you. You're in the right place to find this hidden little gem." Excellent food. I had the fried chicken with a side salad and steamed broccoli! It was served hot and was simply delicious! I will come back!  and the vinyl tablecloths were awkward.  I think the restaurant would do well to simplify the menu "Great food! Honey chicken pasta is highly recommended. Great for small groups but no reservations Definitely coming back"  cheese and tomatoes but it tastes amazing.  Get the Cajun fries with it and you will have a tasty meal!  The What It Is is blackened chicken on top of Cajun Alfredo sauce pasta. It's insanely good!  I've tried making it at home with a little success but it doesn't compare to how Al Mike's is! The owner and employees are all super friendly.  I really love that the restaurant is in an old Victorian style home nestled in Fourth Ward.  It's so cozy feeling.  Definitely a favorite stop! :)"  the service was bad.  It may have just been a slow night  and crawfish burritos.  All great choices IMO."  and very flavorful. The pasta salad was nice and simple. My dad had the Reuben and said it was ""packed with flavor."" He ordered a side of Cajun fries 4 stars for atmosphere. 2 stars for food and service and that's being generous. I was really disappointed because i was hoping for some great food. Nothing special. Hands down my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Love the atmosphere. The food is always delicious and the employees are so nice. Definitely a hidden gem in Charlotte. 09hMpTBam1kA6sxJ6NCwgA "Milt (out bartender) was great! We were visiting out of town for a friends wedding and needed a mid afternoon pre-rehearsal drink. Our drinks were delicious (spicy bloody: saved my life "Really enjoyed this place. I went solo and loved the single booth in the back corner. Busy. It had a really nice ambiance. The What Is It chicken  and they have daily specials that I always look forward to checking out. Local beers Bonus: All of their bread is locally sourced from the outstanding Nova's Bakery in Plaza Midwood!" "I live in the neighborhood and believe this is a true gem in Charlotte.  Alexander Michaels has an atmosphere that is rare in a city full of boring corporate restaurants and pretentious foodie restaurants.   The food is consistently great I can't understand where these sub-4 star reviews come from but they obviously did not appreciate the beauty of the food served at AL Mike's. Done to perfection and seasoned perfectly our entire group really enjoyed the experience. It is sometimes crowded and noisey but IT IS A NEIGHBORHOOD BAR people. It is a wonderful experience on all levels. Good food. I had their wings and my wife had a salad with grilled chicken. The wings were big and juicy "Atmosphere and food were amazing. If you only have a chance for one dinner in Charlotte  I don;t care about wine! Plenty of local craft beers. Great service. Noisy and packed by the time we left  Alexander Michael's is a great neighborhood watering hole. We took a party of 5 who all have different tastes  and when is the best time to check this spot out? Right before you head out to a Panthers game of course!"  but wish I had the opportunity to try every thing else on the menu. I doubt I would ever be disappointed. If I get the opportunity "Great pub food and atmosphere.  Whether you're looking for lunch in uptown or drinks after work  it reminded me of a big city back street restaurant. I would definitely go back." Being a native of Charlotte... this is one of my all time favorite place to have lunch or dinner. great place and better staff. This is a true gem for Charlotte! Nachos are amazing! Try them original or with chicken. 'What it is' is also great. Everything we tried was awesome so you can't go wrong. This is one of my locals and they have their staple dishes. The location is great surrounded by historical homes all with a story. This is a good stop for a different feel on the way for an uptown adventure. Food is not the greatest however the overall ambience will sell you and keep you coming back. This is a must do in clt. Favorite restaurant in Charlotte... Food is amazing!! Only complaint is the size of the place... Really small so it can be difficult to get a table. Although part of the charm is that it's a mom and pop type of place.. I highly recommend it! "Great spot in an unexpected neighborhood. I agree with the other reviews - wish my neighborhood bars were like just this one. The bisque was great "A great neighborhood restaurant  bar. Off the beaten path in 4th Ward. Food is always consistently very good. Service is excellent. Despite disclaimers on their website about not taking reservations  which genuinely helps to make the Alexander Michael's experience. Al Mike's is what a neighborhood pub should be."  affordable restaurant. And frankly it is very nicely designed.  I am all about service. Little weak there when we first walked in and based on its size there is no reason not to be properly greeted. Murphy our Waitress was outstanding. Food was outstanding. Prices were totally affordable and worth every penny three people with an app My husband and I just love Al Mikes and the staff. Steve is always there working hard. Paul is one of our favorite bar tenders in Charlotte. Not too many pescetarian options which is my only downfall but the food is delicious with amazing craft beer choices! Get the nachos you won't be disappointed.  quaint feel of the place. This combined with the dim lighting and rustic wood makes it a great date spot. Food was delicious. The menu has an array of pasta's and hearty meat dishes. Good selection of local beers as well. ONLY reason This review isn't accompanied by 5 stars is the parking situation outside  grab dinner with the girls or date night spot!" This place is perfect for everyone. I was there with my parents and I noticed tables of guy friends "Went early on a Saturday night after a matinee at Belk Theater. Found a parking spot on the street very close to the restaurant. I imagine this doesn't happen as easily during normal dinner time. The restaurant is in a residential neighborhood. After a short wait we were seated. The historic building gives the vibe of a friendly This is a great casual spot for a date or just a night out with some friends!"  and watch out for the pole in the ladies bathroom!"  but it's worth it and you can try one of their many beers on draft while you wait. It's great because you can spend just $10 on a delicious sandwich & fries or treat yourself to a wonderful dinner entree. Dad's a picky eater  and the blackened catfish would make any southern fisherman happy. Not surprisingly they have a solid beer menu and the staff was attentive and friendly despite the huge crowds. If I'm ever back in this area Hidden gem! Great lunch food and cute atmosphere. Really enjoyed it! All things on the menu seem to look and taste great! Prices aren't bad either "Incredible. Had the blackened catfish and the Cajun fries - blown away by the taste and the spices. I will come back when I am here next to try the Jambalaya "I liked the place.  Food is definitely bar food "Decided on Al Michaels for a late dinner on a Monday. The Yelp reviews are right this place is awesome definitely must try. The food was phenomenal the crab soup Every time i have lunch at Alexander Michaels it is wonderful. I recommend this hidden gem to my coworkers in the music factory. I highly recommend you stop in for a meal and ice cold beer. Parking can be a little tough Their turkey club croissant is amazing. Such a good lunch stop! Awesome local place! Not easy to find but worth looking for! I recommend What It Is and a nice cold beer! Great draft selection! Wow!!! What an amazing place! Jerk Chicken Quesadilla is a must have!!! Good list of local brews. Tracy provided great service....working the bar and the tables! I will be back!!! The service continued the theme from the nice greeting and our food came out quickly. Al Mike's is absolutely the kind of place any neighborhood would welcome." "It's always great to find a place that seems that it just stopped in time and the rest of the world moved on. Alexander and Michaels is one of those places. It's in the middle of a beautiful Victorian Era neighborhood in  what used to be a general store. The inside gives the same impression Perfect neighborhood spot. Solid food - pasta and sandwiches. Diverse menu. Highly recommend if in the area.  on the way home from an event. We like to try new places and we were very pleasantly surprised by this gem. It's got a great ambience  and the best fried pickles I've ever had. Thanks Yelpers  and veggie burger were all very good. Steamed veggies and broccoli slaw sides were OK. Great spot in beautiful 4th ward"  so I wasn't much in the mood for food. I didn't see a lot of lighter options on the menu that I would eat (I'm picky)  wish places that do take reservations were as efficient and thoughtful. The atmosphere is very cozy and charming. The only drawback is parking can be a challenge My friend got the fish and looked to be marginally satisfied."  and eating on the 2nd floor patio which looks onto the Hearst  plaza is a great experience during the warmer months.  At night Ri-Ra's has live music and a DJ which alternate floors depending on the night.  The bartenders are excellent  and great (meaning talented and not obnoxious) Irish Scottish entertainment." not your average Irish pub... on the weekends it can get packed... and upstars they have a DJ or band and it can get a lil crazy... on big nights it is hard to move beacuse of so many pople but i guess it is like that everywhere in CLT... i have never eaten there food... but have heard it is ok...  definitely recommend it!  The decor is very authentic and could definitely see this place getting pretty crowded later on at night since the upstairs and downstairs are really not that big.  However "I went here one morning in search of a proper fry-up.  It was okay.  The service was pretty good; but  looks like an authentic pub. They've got great food. Service is pretty good as well. Like most bars in Charlotte it's filled with smokers but that's par for the course in NC. Two levels  but the wait staff was super friendly and suggested better spots for me to check out.  Beer selection was pretty typical and drink prices were pretty cheap (considering I live in NY)....Next time i'll try the food!" I just found out that it is a chain.  While I am surprised it does make sense  since everything in Charlotte tends to be a chain.  Very few places with local flavor especially in Uptown Charlotte."  low-key beer every now and then.  But seems you have taken a turn away from legitimacy  so don't go on weekends if you don't like being mauled to death by overly tan twenty somethings in polo shirts." "We were there on a Friday night and LOVED it!! Upstairs wasn't our thing. We got a table below the band (a guitar player and drummer) and we just could not stop dancing! I haven't danced in public in so long wFF4hf5srVtnLfpsfNSy4w The bar is attractive.  The beer is cold.  The fish and chips ranks right up there with Mrs. Paul's  with the big wooden chairs and comfortable atmosphere.  The food was about the same as the bar back home too.   Good but not spectacular.  It tasted very fresh and well cooked It sounded like there was alot more fun to be had upstairs(live band  Ri Ra just never seems to impress me and or make me want to come back again. I'm sure there is a reason the place is always packed  as I've never eaten here. I have seen a menu though  if you get a table. I recommend getting in around dinner time and leaving before the late-night crowd gets too thick."  but not the best or most authentic Irish Pub I've been to. After all I am weighing it against Boston pubs..." It's definitely hopping on a Saturday night and boasts a nice and pretty downtown location...but god It's right next to the Bank of America building and offers a huge plaza of outdoor seating  the candle-lit atmosphere would have been awesome. I had the beef and Guiness stew. It was heavy and so so delicious. So my point is that if RiRa's doesn't suit you as a bar "I have visited the Charlotte Ri Ra several times when I have been in Charlotte on business and have always enjoyed myself. Yeah Apparently it's cool to wear a Christmas sweater too.  Do it." And it may have just been the Irish Twists handling my perceptions Oh! And if you get a chance to dine outside on the patio take it! It's always comfortable and has a seperate restroom out there which is nice since there's not an abundance of restrooms."  but if I could do it again I would have the full serving of the magnificent mac n' cheese. The lunch menu was extensive with very reasonable prices. The best thing about this place however was our waiter "My brother took me and my parents here after a Bobcats game.  It was pretty crowded and my brother and dad had to pay a cover (it was ladies night).  We were able to find a couple of stools together and sat down.  The bartenders were very quick to come over and get our drink orders.  We were also seated close to the live band that was playing Randomly wandered into this fine establishment on a Wednesday night. Great setting to watch some playoff action with a beer at the bar. Bartender was friendly and quick. Atmosphere chill. Decorations were right on for an Irish pub. WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ ohhhhh welll... guess i'll have to go back again next time!" eighteen dollars gone"  talking about Ulysses. But its' sports bar alter-ego is definitively what pays the bills." I will be heading back to Ri Ra very soon to try some Guinness stew or a traditional Irish breakfast!" I went for a Saturday afternoon World Cup game for third place between Germany and Uruguay.  Most tables in front of the screen were taken but not packed so it wasn't too noisy.  Service was really slow but the waitress was authentic.  Not the best review since I ordered a salad at a pub but the salad was good & fresh.  I tried the sweet potato fries too.  The fries were a little soggy but will go back under different circumstances to try them out since the beer selection is extensive and within walking distance.  but the food we ordered never arrived.  Wild dogs couldn't drag me back." "Last time I went it was about 3pm on a weekday and there were 3 guys sitting at the bar Ttalking with a male bartender.  I stood there for approx 5-7 mins before I was even acknowledged.  Needless to say Authentic Irish feel with a friendly staff and warm atmosphere. Expected selection of draft beers for an Irish Pub. Good selection of bottled beers.  it definitely a ""stick to your ribs"" dinner.  Most entrees are in the $10-$20 range.  The bevvy selection is varied and lean towards British Irish varieties. The staff are congenial  the burgers are half priced if you eat in!  They grind their meat in house so you can get them as rare as you like.  I strongly recommend getting the hand cut chips The omlette came with potatoes and a thick cut of toast perfectly toasted.  I mean where else can you get brunch severed with such a great beer selection?!" "I cannot believe i have not reviewed Ri Ra's before!  This is a good after work spot for a few drinks and maybe a quick bite.  The bar is well stocked and has all the items you would expect from an Irish Pub.  They have a pretty good beer selection as well which is nice to see.  The food is pretty good but typical to what other irish places serve.  (Fish and chips I went to Ri Ra recently on a Friday night for a coworkers going away shindig.  I had a really good time.  I enjoyed the dark cave like old time bar aesthetic.  The had some diverse options on tap.  In the downstairs area there was some live acoustic guitar singer.  Upstairs consisted of a DJ and lights - playing standard top hits.  There is a deck off the 2nd floor that was pretty popular the night I was there - a nice respite from the noise inside.  one word:  DIVINE while husband choose the special of Pot Roast which they were out of and instead ordered a favorite standby of Sheperd's Pie.  After eating every bite and wondering if anyone would notice if we licked our plates (just kidding but seriously our meals were THAT good) we ordered dessert of Irish soda bread pudding which our server managed to score us the last serving of (told you she made up for her earlier seemingly disinterest) and shared its goodness over a coffee press.  What an excellent way to spend New Year's Eve and looking forward to our next return visit!" WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  great place to hang out with friends and  meet new people!" BUT I do love the balcony with a great  ant's eye view of the city. Look straight up and see the best buildings in Charlotte and a great night sky." Decent late night menu if you're really...really in the mood for pub food.  The burger was not bad...stay away from the hot dogs.  Nice to place to go listen to live local talent  but now that they banned smoking in the bars (hooray!) it turns the deck into a smokers haven at times."  but you are in Uptown.  What do you expect?  It's somewhat better than the offerings of the Epicenter Friendly service and sweet potato tater tots WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  and if I lived in Charlotte I'm pretty certain I'd be here regularly." "Moderate beer choices and decent food. Even though this is a very cookie-cutter Irish pub "food--- great    booze----great   service-- great  if you do not like this place  "Usually love this place. Good food  we came back for dinner. The right of us all loved our meals. The shepard pie was especially good and the sweet potato tater tots with a side of Guinness bbq sauce was a hit with entire table. We will most likely be back here again this week." Ri Ra is a classy version of the Irish pub I love to feel at home in. Go check it out. It might just save your impression of Uptown."  though it was Soup of the Day and I would check out the Fried pickles and see what else might look good!" Ri Ra redeems itself a bit with a nice pub atmosphere. Although... a more unique selection of Irish brews would be a nice improvement."  I still enjoy the energy of the place.  The service can be hit-or-miss depending on busy they are." Just stopped in for a quick pint and the selection of beer and whiskey are great and the bartender was friendly.  Kinda confused how a Irish pub does not offer Scotch Eggs though. This place NEVER disappoints.  I took my girlfriend there this past Saturday evening for dinner (10 22 11).  I had my normal Guiness stew and she had the steak pie.  I had never seen the steak pie on their menu but it was amazing!  Services was great as always and we had a wonderful meal.  Ri Ra is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte and if you like pub food this place is the absolute best! Stick with a Jameson's or Guinness after work and move elsewhere for dinner." WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  though I didnt eat there they seemed to have a very extensive menu and the guy next to me was eating something like a shepards pie. All in all I would recommend this place." Fish and chips were great. Shrimp and grits was a great Irish twist on a southern favorite. Potato cakes were also good. Service was fast and friendly. We stopped in visiting Charlotte and plan on going back. Can't rate the food but we had an excellent time at Ri Ra!  Great service behind the bar on a busy Friday night! Thanks to all!  but this is usually our go to spot on weekends.  There is a mix of people and the downstairs and upstairs are like night and day on the weekends.  The downstairs usually has a DJ with people sitting around which is good for mingling.  The upstairs there is usually a live band playing.  There are a bunch of good beers and drinks.  If you get bored work your way to the dance floor to watch a bunch of drunk people who cannot dance worth a damn.  Its a site that needs to be seen.  Also  this was a great meal. I come here for lunch all the time as I work down the street in Uptown. And if you go here for lunch My fish and chips were really pretty good. I got the regular size and the piece of fish I got was enormous. I can only imagine how huge an actual large would be. The fish and chips are amazing. They even have a late night menu for the night owls! Awesome food awesome drink specials awesome wait staff 5 out of 5 place is incredible casual pub downstairs more upscale upstairs great bars giant patio love the place you always see a friendly manager who never fails to stop and check in with each table to make sure everything is perfect and if it isn't they absolutely make it right... Crazy good Guinness Sundae for dessert as well!!! Try it if you haven't!! This place has pretty fresh ingredient and I would no doubt be coming here if I was working downtown. However I was visiting Charlotte for business and came for lunch with my boss. The sandwich line was pretty long so we decided to go inside the restaurant to sit down and order. The hostess and server was great. We ordered and our food was brought out fairly quickly. It was a Monday and lunchtime but the place was not packed when we got there. A few more customers did trickle in while we were there but it wasn't crowded. My boss ordered a soup and sandwich combo and he said it was delicious. I ordered the Irish stew with a side of cesar salad. Both were delicious as well. I loved how the stew is made with lamb and it a nice cracked pepper taste to it. A co-worker of mine said that they have the best macaroni and cheese but I did not try it. I wanted to try the fish and chips may have to do this on my next business trip. There are way too many restaurants in the area that I have not tried yet and want to before I go home. Another tip is to ask for the frequent flyer card.  Buy 8 combos (chips + drink) get a sandwich free!"  this bar has several different areas to suit different tastes. Downstairs is usually more subdued with its true Irish-pub feel. Upstairs is dark and slightly clubby. Both offer live music that usually cuts off at a certain hour to let a DJ play (top 40s and fun classics- seldom electronic or techno). The best part though Great food. I had the hooley kebab for dinner. It was on the lunch menu but they still let me order it. Huge portion. Tasted my dads lamb stew and loved it! It was trivia night so winning 50 bones certainly helped w that 5th star;)  a wonderful beer selection. Just know that this one star rating ONLY applies to the beef short ribs dish Great food and atmosphere!!! The Cottage Pie and Fish & Chips were excellent. The service was fantastic.  Will definately be back. Awesome authentic Irish bar..very warm. And welcoming wait staff. I had the lamb stew and it was the most tender lamb I had in a long time . If I come to Charlotte again am back here. Would possibly go back - but just for appetizers and drinks."  there was a cover for the privilege of listening to a lousy cover band playing tired seventies tunes in a room with terrible acoustics--apparently without a soundboard--and putting down money on overpriced drinks  but not the Italian you would get in NYC.  Charlotte's nice version though.  The line is long and slow though so expect to wait.  The bar part and the upstair dining is great for drinks and apps.  That is all folks."  but I'm glad someone think that they are."  too. Looking forward to go hand and see if it's also cool for a drink on a weekend night."  and a red sauce that reminded me of salsa but with a more tomato base and no spice. I have had better calamari at hole in the wall restaurants."  and not heavy or greasy.  Mom got the chopped salad which was also great.  We sat on the upstairs deck area and people watched.  It was pretty cool.  The weather was great as was our server.  I'm looking forward to coming back and trying more food They host an Irish session on Sunday nights-  So happy to see an Irish themed pub making an effort by supporting local Irish musicians." A Charlotte classic hang out :)  very courteous and prompt. Would recommend anyone in the area to try it out" Service and food qualiyt was great and a fun location to drink at!" It was fairly cost effective for the area as well." "Cool Ipub in dtown. All the regular beers on draft. Decent bar food  awesome ambiance and great food!" Ri Ra is definitely a solid 4* and we'll be back the next time we're in Charlotte." Overall wonderful experience. I hope they continue to be so and when we visit again So overall - okay food good vibes. I'd probably give it another shot  I had a fabulous time at Ri Ra... I might have to start going out a bit more often..."  I would still come back here for a sandwich and some apps." I went with friends to a show at Belk Theatre and we wanted to eat somewhere close. We just happened in to Ri Ra not really knowing anything about it. I can't remember having a better meal! The service was excellent and the ambiance is more than you could ask for in a pub. We felt like we were dining alone in our booth as we couldn't even see other patrons. I would definitely eat here again and again! Ri Ra is a great place to have a nice relaxing drink of whiskey and taken in a football (soccer) game."  and a great selection of beer that will satisfy" "I understand everyplace has its rules. My friends had a pre-wedding party here. And at 10pm it becomes a "" standing bar"" only. But did your staff have to be rude to the parents who were still sitting down a little respect goes a long way. We will not be going back." The only complaint I had was that the service was a little slow for me given I had a flight to catch and mentioned it to my server." If you have any appreciation for the Irish and our wonderful food  reservations are not valued here.  We had a reservation for 7 and were told it would be a 20 min. wait.  Walked over to Harvest Moon Grille and had lunch instead.  Wish I could have reviewed the food..." The large employee guy with blonde hair was belligerent and trying to start fights with several us last night. He needs to be fired and needs to be some changes made. "I've been here a few times and I always have a pretty good experience. It has a decent siize bar with many options of beer on tap. I've gotten Shepherd's Pie and it was pretty good. I'll stop in again for a couple of beers  oh! That's right. I didn't get what I ordered. I over cooked greasy fries like everyone else. The brisket was very good thought. It had shoe string onion rings and slaw on it. The meat was a bit over cooked. It was a beautiful day to hand with friends on the sunny deck!"  did get a little busy but was very much like a dive bar  meet up before going out or hitting this place late night Ri Ra is a great spot in Charlotte. Right down town and close to night life and the professional sector. I eat here often and I have yet to have a bad experience. Brunch here is amazing  and they have live music later in the evening on weekdays." WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  and a fun night. I give Ri Ra a thumbs up!"  but could not get served. We sat down at one of the tables ( more or less stood by it because it needed cleaning) & waited for a server. One did walk by our table to grab the tip from the table behind us  but the Staff at RiRa handled our group of 19 on a thirsty Thursday evening with ease!  Don't let uptown parking scare you away from crashing this party So it was Monday night and St Patties day to top it off. The crew remembered me from my day time lunch roamings. It was nice to have a Guiness or two  I'd probably stop in here again just for old time's sake. And if you have never been Stopped in on whim for Happy Hour.  Had delicious fish tacos.  All small plates were half off for Happy Hour making this place a steal for good food.  Will definitely be returning! Ri Ra is a fairly nice looking place with a decent selection of beers on tap Really nice outdoor patio. Sunday drink special on whiskey was really good. Very reasonable price for uptown. Nice variations on Irish cuisine.  Worth checking out!  and enjoy the great food.  Menu prices are just a little steep but worth the price as you relish the Irish cuisine with a Guinness!" I've been here a few times at this point and it's always fairly good. The food is decent but nothing to rave about and the atmosphere is a good one. I haven't hung out here but from what I understand it's good for the bar experience. I usually go here to dine though as it's convenient to the Belk Theatre. This last visit I had steak tips and potatoes and honestly it wasn't great. The meat had a funny taste to it and the potatoes had no taste to them and some of them had gone bad I think. My grandmother had the fish and chips and she said it was decent. So for what it's worth that was our last experience. I've kind of combined all my trips into this one rating so 3 stars is about all I'd give it. This place is great. Good servers.  Takiyyah is the best. Ask for her.  Great food and a great place to bring a large group. We also got the spinach and artichoke dip as an appetizer. It was super creamy and cheesy- I'd definitely recommend it!"  service is awesome. Love the atmosphere!"  relaxed environment. A Charlotte favorite for me." One of my first experiences in uptown when I moved here...what a great Irish pub not to mention the food is out of this world...definitely recommend  but there is no way for me to know because they were out of utensils.   How can a place that makes salads to go be out of utensils?  And the worst part is that you don't know it until you already through the line and have paid.  They should let people know before they pay.  The guy at the register made no apology or attempt to find some way to provide something to eat with.  Now sitting at my desk with a salad that I can't eat  which was really good. The bread was done just like a Cuban sandwich down in Miami. The sweet potato fries were OK Fun place! Good food and drinks. Live band upstairs on the weekends. However the bartender lost my credit card when I went to close it out only to call me the next day to say they found it. Too bad I had already closed my account. Maybe they should get a better system like swiping when you order vs. holding it? Now I'm not the type of guy who tries to find fault at every little thing to get a free meal. But come on. I would assume We visited this pub on our first trip to Charlotte. The Guinness Stew and Potato Cakes were very tasty. Our server was friendly and fast. Our beers were never empty before we had a refill. Great place!  on a Friday night there should not be only 2 bartenders for a packed bar. Easily takes 10 min to get a drink. I like the space and the patio but it means nothing if I can't get a drink."  it was busy but the bartenders were on top of it. They seemed to get to each person quickly and made the drinks quickly. I was very impressed. The drink prices seems on par for what you would expect  as well. I liked it and the atmosphere of the bar." Just had an Angus beef blue cheese burger with onions mushrooms and cheese that was out of this world.  there are staff from Erin who are happy to serve you.  The Guinness is good and the craic is better when with friends.  Only complaint is that I think they deep fry the white and black pudding which is a no-no..."  with the traditional wood paneling everywhere. Plenty of tvs for us to watch the games. We came in for a late brunch and it's was so delicious. My coffee came in it's own French press (which I will now buy for myself) and the breakfast sandwich had bangers WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ It was nice to have a late night eating option in uptown Spinach dip the only saving grace. Oh  they acted like making a drink for me was outside of their job description. Even the door man commented on how rude the bartenders were. Never going back." "Ri Ra's is right outside of my office ... so my colleagues and I frequent it a few times a month. Their burgers are delicious ... you can't go wrong with the 704  the staff didn't have to be as great as they were (really could have just sent us on our way)  the dubliner was awesome (I love lamb meat)" "I ordered the stuffed French toast and ""won brunch"" amongst the group of seven I was with. I highly recommend it. Don't waste your time and calories on anything else!"  Food blogger at Fiction Faith & Foodies"  $12 for a basic hamburger and $14 for a Reuben sandwich. Might be a good place to drink but save your money regarding their food."  etc if you're under 27 and looking to bar hop Uptown. Their fish and chips looked as if it had been dunked in Vaseline  and we got a few Reuben sandwiches. All was good. They have a few of dipping sauces for the fries and pickles. Went well with a good Guinness. Our server Alex was super nice and although it was busy we got our good and drinks in a timely manner. Cool little spot to pop in when in Charlotte."  and salad options. My favorite item on the menu so fast has got to be the honey mustard grilled chicken spinach wrap. I highly recommend this place for your lunch option. It also doesn't hurt that they are literally right next door to my work so I don't have to walk far." WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  they ""lost"" our reservation that I had received confirmation of weeks prior. I guess luckily they weren't busy and we were able to be sat in about 15min. Our waitress was either new or not having a good night as she was very not a people person that evening. About 5 of the menu items we asked about or tried to order were all sold out or discontinued. I went there specifically for the Guinness Beef Stew and was informed that even though it was on the Chef's Specials menu "Excellent beer selection and wonderful food choices. The fish and chips is the best I've ever eaten. We love making this a stop on our bar hopping nights They've just redone their lunch menu. I must say this is the best burger I've had in Charlotte! Always had fun here at night and beer is always gold and delicious. Ri Ras is my new favorite go-to burger place for lunch. Love it! I'd rather be here than a few of the other spots I saw nearby. Plan on dropping a 20 spot for a couple beers and an app."  great atmosphere to get together with friends but not my first choice and not sure I would return anytime soon."  the menu was recently changed significantly reducing menu options including the elimination the best item on the menu - Guinness stew.    How does an Irish bar eliminate Guinness. Stew???  Know your customers  but simple menu. Had an awesome lamb burger and the hand cut chips  she gave the impression that she was hurrying us out the door--she asked if we were ready for the check but failed to ask if we wanted dessert (we did). She wasn't the only poor server---after our meal  RI. Ordered fish and chips and short ribs. Ratio of fish to fries left my husband hoping for more fish. Short rib was chewy although flavor was good-- not worth $18. Although I respect and appreciate the fact it was grass fed. Additionally we were seated at a table that was super awkward-- legs made sliding into the booth cumbersome. Decent service. Probably will check out the myriad other places Charlotte has to offer before I'd come back"  he was able to entertain and regale us throughout the night with his stories and random old-world European knowledge of this little former English colony of North Carolina."  our waiter Ray is five months removed from Ireland bringing a real Irish flare.   Service was outstanding.   Would recommend highly for a casual night out on the town." Sorry to be so mean in this review....but this is unfathomable" The Whiskey Room atmosphere is wonderful. Ask for Ray or Adam; I got an education on Irish whiskey tonight and they won't steer you wrong.  but I had such a great experience I will definitely have to go back to try the food." The inside bar is tastefully done and still holds strong to the Irish theme. The best spot for a quiet rooftop drink without a ton of people. Ordered food from brunch menu to find out after half an hour that they are not serving brunch. The reason the brunch menu is new and shouldn't have been out until next week. Well we had food from the same menu two months ago.  spinach and artichoke dip and Fish and Chips!!  Great date night!! All amazing!! Great for live bands when you can catch them!!"  fast service for lunch. The pub and the woodwork are beautiful. It has a great atmosphere for business or for fun." I definitely will keep this place in mind in the future."  a pickle spear and a cup of water cost me $10.01. Threw most of it out. I will not be returning. My lunch companion had roast beef and regretted ordering anything. Find another lunch option if you care about taste and price."  the rye bread!! How did I leave this till the end. We thought it was one of the best we had. And the butter that comes with it were real Irish. So good job all around impressing us. Thanks."  was very friendly and responsive.  I got the pot pie and it was great.  The lamb made it.  I tried a local brew and an Irish beer.  Both were delicious.  I will come back next time."  the bouncer made us leave our table right away to clear all the chairs from the floor.  We didn't even have the tab yet.  Bouncer was extremely rude.  Wouldn't go back there again" Because we were watching the match I decided to finish off the meal with an Irish coffee.  Which can be risky... They actually serve it the correct way!  Coffee  offerings.  Sadly the service (or lack thereof) means we won't be bringing our big groups back here. It really seemed like the server was out of her element." Update: a member of my party shared the experience with a manager and she adjusted the bill to compensate for the service. That earns an additional star from me."  but avoid this place on the weekends. It changes from an Irish pub to a douchebag magnet club with ridiculously loud hip hop and Pop 40 music ." The service itself wasn't to great either. We had a group of people and you would expect him to take everyone's order at the same time but everyone had to call him individually to place a food order which caused everyone to eat at a different time and in the end people still didn't get their food until we almost had to leave again." Not too much to say bad about this place. The ambiance was what you would expect from a true Irish pub. I especially their specialized seating. For instance we had a raised booth next to a storm fireplace that overlooked one of the bars. The food was excellent as well. The deep fried Reuben was probably the best Reuben I've ever had. Wife at the hooped salad and she said she loved it. I had some of the kid's fish and chips and and they were both good. Overall a good experience.  but there were 3 kids who were allowed to run around. The parents and  management seemed to be oblivious to the action of the kids. One of the waiters had stop so that he wouldn't drop the large platter of food!! The wait staff was not that great either!" Just ate there today.  OMG the lamb burger is awesome.  Excellent knowledge of beer there.  Excellent atmosphere.  It's old school wood walls and tables etc.  I felt like I was back in Ireland again.  All the staff was also European of that area.  England Ireland etc.  It stunk a little but so does the area.  Could be related.  Excellent food though and ambiance. Guinness Stew is out of this world.  I'm a fan of Ri Ra  or just some brews at the bar I have never been disappointed."  nothing worth coming back for. The service was poor (unfriendly and seemed very bothered to even be at work) and with disappointing service and mediocre food  pretty dark but definitely had the feel of an Irish pub. I will say the service was great. Or server was very attentive and personable. We actually ended up seeing him out at the next bar once he was off his shift and we had a great time hanging out with him for a bit! Overall not a bad place to hang out with friends and have a few drinks "We were there for my best friends 41st bday and sat at the bar. The bartenders attitude were like ""we r annoyed cause we r there"". Ordered food and asked for extra plates cause there were 4 of us  and learn tonight they actually recruit from Ireland for their servers. Excellent food grade beers"  bartender had a genuine conversation with me. Felt very real. Guinness was poured correctly. There was an odd  and you can definitely tell the folks who run this place take great pride in caring for their customers and representing their heritage in the food they serve.  My wife and I real liked the fried Ruben sliders I've also never had a problem getting a drink at the bar fairly quickly. The bartenders have always been very nice and make great drinks." Still need to check this place out for dinner." I'm visiting from New Jersey with one of my friends. We walked in and waited to be sat. No one came or even looked at us. We decided to sit at the bar. The bartender looked at us walked away. I assumed he would come back after helping another person at the bar. After 10 minutes he never returned. In the mean time a waitress also saw us sitting there politely ignoring us still. Drink less food less. Needless to say the RI Ra in Atlantic City is way better. When I come back to Charlotte I won't be trying this restaurant again. They get one star for having an ""ok"" live band on a Friday eve."  we were having a great time and really enjoying ourselves until we asked for the eagles to be played over the house sound system (as they are my sisters favorite band) the bartenders kindly went to the back office and got the eagles playing for us so we could dance and sing and enjoy ourselves until Debby downer the manager marched out from the back and turned the music way down and demanded to know form her staff who had turned the music up with a big grumpy face on her she marched off...the bartenders told us to take no notice and keep on singing WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ "My boyfriend and I went to RiRa's last night while waiting for our table at another place. I had been there before but he had not. I told him that he had to try the potato latkes and a Guinness. I had Jameson. We love the vibe of this bar. It really feels like we're sitting in an Pub back in Ireland. The Irish bartenders are nice to look at too.  The potato latkes were amazing as always. You get two in an appetizer portion. One of them was a little overdone on one side but still great. My boyfriend loved the Guinness and kept saying how long it had been since he had real Guinness. Even this morning  Ri Ra's is also home to my favorite burger in the QC. All hail the 704. Bacon...pimento cheese...fried pickles...brioche bun...delicious patty...it is unreal. This beauty along with their delicious Brussel sprouts are a match made in heaven (and make me feel slightly healthy...ish). I brought a recent convert here with me for a Sunday evening dinner after she expressed her desire for some greasy food (it had been a long weekend). Our awesome waitress Aisling kept us fed and well-hydrated. Most if not all of the wait staff are in a foreign exchange program so that's pretty awesome too. Ri Ra's is also one of my favorite happy hour spots. They have a great patio and yummy apps (spinach artichoke dip YUM). You will not be disappointed if you come here for any meal Drinks more expensive than other bars which was surprising" "Have you ever been to a sports bar where there is no games on? Enough said. If I must give you more reason why you can skip this place  when it's from a package? Why give french fries with most of them burned? Why not have a vegetarian burger in addition to all the artery clogging ones? The reason for the one star A sports bar is never going to be my first choice of where to grab a beer. But if it's sports you are looking for- check this place out. Just make sure the bartender knows what it is YOU want to watch. It's more fun that way!"  they should not be this bad....." vIXUw1cLG84-m8LzOg3f-w  service was pretty bad but more than anything I'm just mad at myself that I didn't do a bit more research. Definitely should have found a local lunch gem that would have satisfied my appetite and need for a great cultural experience. There's always next time."  the tea tasted like crap and the food took foreeeeever to come. The waitress shifted from friendly to rude and then back I was thinking about asking her if she had a evil twin sister or something." vIXUw1cLG84-m8LzOg3f-w My advice....avoid it and keep it movin!" The kicker: the sidewalk sign outside their door read ""Charlotte's Finest"" ... Methinks not."  and we haven't seen our waitress in 45 minutes (writing this review while waiting to ask for the check). I'll write another review tomorrow if I'm still here waiting."  it was St. Patricks day and the place was packed  beer so-so and food not up to par.  Sorry guys you really need to repair the beer machine and hire a cook." I guess if it's raining out and you are stuck and have no place to go I'd check it out. But under any other circumstances you'd probably get a better meal by walking a half block in any direction." "Good sports bar. Went here after the Bobcats game expecting it to be super packed like the other nearby bars  but you might expect somewhere between fast food and made to order here." We didn't eat but it seems to be typical bar-food. The atmosphere looks very corporate circa 90s ...if that makes any sense. I wouldn't run back anytime soon (not a very interesting unique bar) but at the time it fit the bill just fine."  not many people in the bar.  The reason I gave it two stars is due mainly that the food is horrible.  We ordered chicken wings and they were uneatable  I was yearning for the Hooter's across the street. Very dark  the chicken was cold. It tasted like it was refrigerated from days ago. The only thing I liked was their ranch sauce. The bar was noisy for only a few guys being there and there were TV's everywhere! It was kind of uncomfortable."  drinks came out pretty fast but that was it... waited about 15 minutes for the bartender to take our order which we cashed out and moved on to another place to eat. There were more employees in the restaurant than guests vIXUw1cLG84-m8LzOg3f-w Love all the options to catch the latest in sports entertainment!" Very quick to get drinks but 45+ wait for the food.  It was good and very tasty but good grief. They need to get it together. Say hi to Christa for me! :-)"  that's worth checking out."  no one brings cash to clubs anymore. Srsly people... don't make the bartenders run your card every time you order a drink. Costs the club money (and up go the drink prices) "Not impressed!!  If there were 0 stars that's the rating this place would get.  I ordered a cheeseburger and it was worse than what you'd expect from a school lunchroom!   And why is this place called an ""Irish Pub""?  One would expect typical Irish dishes but not here!  I honestly have no idea how this place stays in business.  Sorry "I never thought about the name "" Irish Pub"" but the menu is pretty much American. I never knew they had ""Tommy Tots"" in Ireland maybe that was the cause of the potato famine. Seriously  sat down for dinner a couple of times. If me and my girlfriend are there to drink we usually grab some fries or something too. They always have some fun event planned. I have been there for trivia I finally had some of their wings a while back... they are SO good. Some of the best I've had.  about this place is it is GLBT friendly and not flamboyant about it. In the south Then a couple years ago I discovered their dance floor  must be beer. This place is your typical Irish Pub - you know what you get. The staff is friendly and this place has been here for awhile. The food is bar food but if you're buzzin  order your favorite drink and  you've exerted all the effort you need.  The bartender was awesome and did not keep anyone waiting.  Hartigan's arguably has the best disco balls in town.  The regulars come here to dance!" "I was on a business trip and only had time for a quick bite to eat at lunch time before heading to airport! I think my burger was so overcooked that it tasted like it was double cooked and the tater tots included were plentiful and tasty!  They had other items on menu but I did not sample!  The space is spacious and it looks like a lot of fun  but you have to wonder why they had a black mold problem in the ice machine for so long!)"  at least the nights I've been in anyway.   It's also a great place to swing by before a Panther's game since it's right next to the stadium  and there must have been a whole bag of tots on my plate because I couldn't finish them.  Friendly and helpful servers  you don't receive service. So much for southern hospitality. I will not be returning." Looking for dancing? Go here. Looking for a place to have fun and let loose? Hartigans. I promise you Went here for a date night and had a good time.  Friendly service and one of a few places that actually serves good tater tots.  I don't drink so I didn't pay much attention to the bar  but there is no greeting at the door or system for new customers. It looks like a good place to eat and hang out  almost 5 ft tall fan in the back - watching several drunken patrons standing in front of it giving their best model impressions was hysterical!"  get drunk and then just as quickly spin off out into the rest of the city to carry on with who knows what the heck you were trying to do in the first place.  But you remember that weird little bar with the claustrophobic energy being right in the middle of it all." But the main reason most people go to Phil's is for the bartenders. I don't think you'll find a better looking group of bartenders in Charlotte. This is what Phil's prides itself on  but Phil's is more often a staging point for the rest of the evening  I will not be going back to this place."  but to me that seemed kind-of early. The place was clean and the servers were friendly. We got some free beer from a Miller promotion. The ""late night"" food was your basic bar stuff and fine for the price. The best part was the look the bartender gave us when we asked for Olympic ice skating on the big screen. If I lived here The only other thing to mention is that Phil's is surrounded by other bars beside it and it is very easy to pass or go into the wrong door if you are aiming to get there."  There is a lot of drama and the kind of place where testosterone mixed with alcohol can make for a volatile mix." Don't waste your time and money. I hear there's better places in this area Rudest bartender I've ever had  it's a deli--anything with pastrami or corned beef is decent on the menu.  In the evening "If you like to drink with 18-21 yr old girls - this might be your place.  If you want to chill with a mature crowd - go elsewhere.  However "Phil's is a small sports bar just off the beaten path. Had the bacon cheese burger w hand cut chips. Burger was juicy and well seasoned  and yes you get it served to you in a plastic cup. I have never came here to experience the DELI portion of what they claim to offer. I have tried their fried pickles and seen other people eating food here. But that's not really what I come to Phil's for. I come for the atmosphere. There is such a mix of people in here at night and it is a great place to 'people watch'  the manager was fantastic and made us feel at home. They were playing the Hawks game on the tvs and any bar playing the Hawks is a bar of mine! You HAVE to try the virtual bowling game! So much fun!!" My friend and I stopped in Phil's for a bite to eat before seeing a play at the Belk theater.  We enjoyed the food and drinks and the DIVE feel.  The owner seemed really nice but the waitresses were hard to flag down.  The second time we were there was on a Friday night and there were about 5 people at the bar so we sat at the table right behind the bar.  Never got served in the 10 minutes we were there so we left and walked in the rain to another bar.  We will probably stop in there again but if the service doesn't get any better then we will find another DIVE. Not the place to be. Crowd was dull . Music was ok  never go here ever. It was 5 people in there I ordered some wings and the bar wench forgot about me. It took an hour to get my mediocre wings." I gave this place 3 stars because it is a nice place. Sorta away from the people out side and streets. I will come back to it again to try other sandwiches."  as well as the homemade potato chips (they were worth the upcharge).  The only thing preventing me from giving 4 stars was the strong sewage backup smell that plagued us and nearby patrons during our meals.  Maybe it was just the tables on the side near the restrooms?  I'd probably come back The staff where very friendly.  Atmosphere is nice. Friendly people and the food was good. "This place used to be one of our favorites. Had a great dj. Music was awful last Saturday. Made the beer in plastic taste worse. Service was good Great bar. It is what it is."  but Connolly's is an exception. It's just a fun Irish pub. Because of this it has more character than some of the trashy uptown bars. I like the brick walls and ambiance of the second floor. They seem to be always be watching a soccer match there  what is the difference? To me the biggest difference is that a Pub has a kitchen and more than just wings and cheese sticks and Connolly's does not. I didn't venture upstairs Good and friendly service. Relaxing time. Great tunes. Decor is just right for the pub feel."  irish pub in uptown Charlotte. We came by for one drink - they have two stories which is great. Drinks were reasonably priced and service was fast and friendly. Crowd was easy going. Everything was great except for the bathrooms! The upstairs ladies was closed for renovations and the downstairs had a faulty lock. Two different people walked in on me mid-pee. Not fun. Connolly's please fix your facilities for the ladies!!"  you think they would be paying more attention to what was going on in front of the bar (i.e. people waiting for drinks) and behind the bar (i.e. getting someone's tab right) I have a feeling we'll be going back. It was a great time regardless Cool Irish spot with a new outdoor patio. No food and a limited draft and bottled beer selection.  Free WiFi.  The hostess is gorgeous so I would drink there anytime.  with a patio and two stories and the usual Irish brews on tap.   But jmzPbvE_02SzTAjwZCTgYA  do me a favor and find the Irsh bartender ""Murph"" and give him a hard time... seriously do it. It will get him all fired up and a good laugh for you and me! ;) He is my favorite bartender in Charlotte but he's still a pain in the arse."  a visit to Connelly's is an escape to an ol' pub filled with character and life."  I think. But it's a good ending to a bar crawl because there are plenty of cabs that cruise around the area." And in my book . . . .that's A-Ok!"  and love uptown to only slightly pretentious snobs that live on the outskirts of uptown.  I am joking...kinda.  I love coming here because its small and intimate jmzPbvE_02SzTAjwZCTgYA  and sometimes you may run into a large wooden object you couldn't see 6 inches in front of you  it does get pretty packed during the weekends and can get crowded."  the location is killer and service is acceptable. The open seating area in the back is killer!"  although a notable perk of Connolly's is the outdoor patio.  You can find both ping pong and cornhole for your playing pleasure!  The bartenders are always friendly.  My only complaint (especially on behalf of my ladies) is that there are no mirrors in the bathrooms!  Also Amazing bar.  Great ambiance   style   set up.   Great beer and drink selection.   Also has a wonderful covered outdoor sitting area that is quite large.   Loved this bar!  Staff is very friendly even though most of them are from Michigan.Saturday night after 10pm is when the crowd showed up Classic spot for a pint with friends!  and both times it was for a special event being held in the upstairs room. My most recent experience was for a ""Relentless Against Cancer"" charity event that my friend was throwing in honor of the charity her family runs. Connollys management and staff were quite wonderful in allowing her to host the event upstairs "Connoly's is your average Charlotte Bar. What they have going for it is the heated outside patio and the regular patio next to it.  Sometimes you just want to go outside after being crowded in a bar.  The crowd seems to be younger and the upstairs usually is super packed.  I will probably go again I know Guinness is the Irish staple but I assume they drink other beers too. The selection here is horrible. The service was friendly and the place seems to always have a crowd but I just cannot figure out why. Wish the beer selection was better." Favorite bar I have been to in Charlotte. Great beer and great space. Has a really comfortable and relaxing environment.  and they are more than happy to accommodate you. I told one of the bartenders a story once and went back weeks later and he had remembered me and that story. Good stuff. Nice to know they actually like their customers! Johnathan is super nice at the door as well. I think that maybe covert kicks in at 1030 We just stopped by for a drink before a show at the Blumenthal but I loved the feel of the place.  Dark and cozy with cool stuff on the walls and big HVAC ducts along the ceiling.  They have a nice patio outside also. The sign outside speaks volumes about the craic inside!  two bars on two floors and an outdoor seating area partially covered so your covered for the summer time thunderstorms  on sunday funday. Corn hole is set up out on the patio which can help pick up your a portion of your tab if your competitive and into gambling. The bartenders were friendly and the mood is more laid back and chill than other bars downtown. Peak hours can get pretty packed but the off hours are good for kicking it and catching up with some old friends." Alright! My little Irish pub! I just drink Guinness when I'm here. I'm part Irish myself so when I'm here it makes me want to go the motherland lol. There's an upstairs and a large patio with games and such. Hope to see you there! In from KC and stopped by for just a drink and ended up staying for several!  Extremely nice bartenders and very accommodating when it came to finding my football game.  Loved this place!  A true pub!! Maybe I'm just a lush.  Maybe you are.  I don't know what it is p.s.s leave your dirty laundry at home (meet a girl there that asked the whole bar if she should sleep with her ex Fun place to grab a drink. I always know i will get a perfect guinness when i come in this place! The patio is very nice too! This is always one of my stops when i head uptown for the night! Keep up the good work!  I would highly recommend this place to someone who is looking for a good time Uptown (PS - great view of the Hearst Tower)." 54Aydh4aR64rdWa17FW1Jw  a big group of hard-partying folks decided that we wanted to have a few more adult beverages before calling it a night.  We ended up walking over to Connolly's & taking over the upstairs room.  I think the majority of our group ended up staying until last call.  We had good service and they were very accommodating despite the fact that a few folks in our group were pretty loud and maybe bordering on the obnoxious side.  But  mostly college kids.  Good place to go booze and listen to loud ass music.  I'm sure the daytime vibe is different." Phfff. Not sure what the point of this place is other than to watch people watch sports events on the upper level 'cause that's what  I spent much of my time doing until about midnight whereupon I switched to watching drunken wallflowers dance in a corner while everyone else just stood around shouting over each other. Typical bar. Glad i had a few in me before making it here otherwise i would not have been entertained. Wear you jammies here kids cause it won't matter the next day anyway.  but also remains one of the most popular watering holes in Center City. I know I don't have to say this Will definetely be back." I've been here a few times. It compares to Dandelion but about 10 times trashier with staff who don't really care about there customers."  bar staff know their drinks. I will definitely go again when I am in Charlotte." Well finally a place that can pull a pint. Good atmosphere and a friendly crowd. They also had a good selection of Irish whiskey. "Yes.  Its just a bar.  But a bar with the best black and tans around.  I love this place.  Always dim and has a cool atmosphere.  Also I hate this place especially the bouncer justin who refused to let me enter the establishment because I was wearing a UK polo. He said he was a unc fan and couldn't let me in because I would start stuff. I tired to talk to the manager before he laid his hands on me and threw me into the street nearly getting hit by a mini van. I tried calling management to express my opinion of the psychopath they have working the front door but the number does not work anymore. Further more I will never return because of the people this place chooses to hire. "The only thing more useless than yelp ( and that's saying something as yelp is as useless as as a bathroom attendant is Connely's who  has to clean piss from the sink where the better customers tend to relieve themselves) is Connellys I'd bring my friends here on St. Patrick's day but it's not my fave."  they have Mecktoberfest. Go have fun!"  why on earth do they charge a cover to go in? This is a drinking eating establishment and they charge a cover when there is no band playing? Seems ridiculous and all about $$$$$$$$!" **They don't serve food  and the guy picking up empty glasses was exceptionally nice. I'd go back for a well poured Guinness." The crowd at Connolly's on Fifth was a mix of younger and older. The vibe felt kind of lame  If you're looking for a place to have a drink  little Irish pub with a great patio area. Good size bar when you first come in. It can get crowded in here. There's a second bar area upstairs. Nice beer selection and of course some Guinness on draft. They don't serve food. Anytime I'm out in the Uptown area I try to stop by for a pint." This is 100% my favorite bar in Uptown. Great atmosphere and the bartenders take good care of you. This is always the go to place for my group of friends especially if it's nice out. Love it!  and one of the best patios in Charlotte. This place stays true to the Irish culture."  I wouldn't pay $5 to get in when there are so many bars without covers around."  now on Halloween they kick us out after we spent over 100 plus dollars because someone thought we flicked the bartender off. They try and surround  my group of four and tell us we have to leave and I calmly ask what the problem was and explaining that we just drop a hundred dollars at your bar but the asshole bartender said he didn't care and called his meat head buddy over to try and remove us. Form the time we entered the bar till they tried to remove us was less than 10 minutes for this whole thing to go down. Iv worked in F&B for 15 years and have never as a patron been treated in that way by an establishment before. You don't kick out someone just because you think someone flicked you off. The costumer comes first over your own personal insecurity. I was very polite and told the bartender we would leave because we didn't want any trouble but he preceded on grabbing the bouncer and putting hand on me and my friends over a alleged middle finger. Never again well I spend money in this establishment. Drink at your own risk!"  I know why I haven't been in so long. The place was so packed you cannot even here yourself think Forget the chain 'pubs' - this place is the real deal!  you always feel at home here. A bit dark but always a good crowd to liven it up. Great service and plethora of liquor or tasty local or Irish beers. I must admit there are not many nights where I don't end up here before heading home. For anyone new to the area this a staple for your uptown pleasure. Slainte" Definitely my favorite Charlotte bar. The bartenders are friendly the the Guinness is the best in the city Great atmosphere. Anyone who has been to the UK will appreciate it. A proper pub mate!  Staff engages just enough. Can't wait to watch FOOTIE or a rugby match there!  didn't feel the need to chat with you which I like. Only gripe I have is that they only have one bathroom for each gender." Pretty bummed that due to them double booking the venue and not being fully staffed "Boy do I love Irish bars and dive bars.  This place combines them both in an amazing way.  Small little inside with an upstairs and a patio.  At 3 PM  and served with pancetta and spring pea risotto. It melts in your mouth. My friend also enjoyed the Wild Boar - sounds crazy  and found it to be absolutely awful. I've tried other more unique dishes like their Lamb Tagine which is slow cooked from 5am in the morning until served. I expected lots of great flavors and it was simply okay. My friend enjoyed the wild boar very much. My wife was very happy with the salmon. So the place can be great  the jazz trio picked up after 9 and sounded great.  Very nice place."  but I don't feel like it was a 5-star experience.  I guess you could say i just wasn't blown away.  But all the food I ate was great- I have a feeling the fact that someone else in my party was allowed to choose our appetizers and dessert may have dimmed the experience slightly.  I really wanted that trio of custards!"  etc. Yummy. The service was good. Even the manager pitched in to help us. We were a very large party. Probably around 30. They had live music which was really good and the crowd was cool. If I end up in Charlotte again Be sure to save plenty of room for desert as well (Blue's dinner portions can be quite dramatically large) because they whip up some of the fanciest creations you can find in the Charlotte area. And for those of you that don't go for overly sweet temptations there is also a huge fresh berry desert with homemade ice cream  and some jazz.  Or if someone else is picking up the tab."  ""nice"" local places  = lower standards. I tend more to think there were good ideas here not executed to their fullest. 3 stars is all about the food which is ultimately why we pay these prices and go to these places. I think if the ingredients were fresher and the temperatures and spices were watched closer then this could be a 5 star no matter in what city it's located."  but it's only for the quality of some of the food items we tried.  The entrees were 5 stars "Wonderful restaurant and very friendly wait staff.  I made reservations and was seated promptly.  The grilled salmon was made to perfection and the flirtini's were great.  I actually met a quality guy there as well.  ;)  Overall  delishious wild boar and I believe a nice steak or other red meat.  Finished with a yummy Sauturnes (sp??) and cheese plate. Service was top notch." Good but too pricey for what you get. "The atmosphere and the service made my evening with friends so much more pleasant that I will definitely be back. The food was good  so we were glad we returned.  The pricing is a little more than we care to spend on a regular basis  and really not as expensive as I thought it would be." The hostess and servers were very welcoming and friendly throughout the entire experience. The wine and appetizers were great! I didn't stay for dinner The most suprising thing were how many diners were complimenting the food after their meals. Charlotte-- time to raise your standards??"  but my wife's Veal Osso Bucco was too salty and had to be exchanged for the Mushroom Bolognese.  The waiter took care of this very quickly and I was impressed overall.  Good experience!" So push on we did- but not before thinking that this place was OK and might even be better than that on a night where squealing women were not reliving their high school fantasies!" I think there are better fish out in the sea for me than Blue." The waitstaff was friendly- the meal was ok - nothing special considering Charlotte has plenty of great restaurants . Restaurants have a lot to do with relationships- and they killed mine with this one.  Bottom line the food wasn't THAT good to warrant my return..." No complaints and I would definately return. At least until a bad experience. =)"  gnocci was dry and lacked any flavor while broccoli rabe was over salted. Sticky toffee pudding for dessert was too sweet. This was my third and last meal there - three strikes and you are OUT! This CA girl knows better." Maybe if I come back next time I'll have better luck?"  Blue. I'll likely be the girl in the corner hoarding the chocolate martini and two desserts."  delightful flavors.  Service was excellent.  Great wine selections.  Go!"  this would definitely be on our list of special occasion restaurants!" I like Blue ... the food has been great every time i have been there.  It is a tad on the pricey side but the service has been good every time i have gone.  It can sometimes feel a bit pretentious - the hostess maitre'd can at times have an attitude.  Overall this is a very solid restaurant.  If you get a chance to hang out in the bar towards the later hours of the evening you can be treated to some good jazz blues.  The quality of this will vary based on the performer but overall it is pleasant. mussels were good.  service ok.  ambiance seemed dated.  worth a trip  be cautious -- DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR EMAIL." My favorite place in Charlotte."  both times with a large group & we had a private room.  Service was excellent as was the food.  I always recommend this place to anyone visiting Charlotte & they always tell me how much they loved it." Went during Charlotte Restaurant Week.  They accommodated a group of ten." Overall a great place for a cheap happy hour.  We agreed we weren't sure that we would come for the full menu but for 2 beers & 2 appetizers or a martini & 2 appetizers for under $20 w o tip for happy hour it is fantastic."  not steakhouse quality but they put there own spin on it and it has a lot of flavor. Chocolate moose was very tasty too. Would definetly go back." Food is good but management and service is aloof. Katie at the bar was the exception. I went there during the restaurant week. It was way too crowded. But the best calamari I had for a long long time. The food I ordered was not superb. But I'll come back for their appetizers for sure. Great ambiance and love the jazz.  I am just disappointed in Blues lack of response or concern for a loyal customer." Waitress was really nice and attentive. So... definitely come and visit blue  ad the desert was the best part of the evening." I would definitely recommend Blue for a nice dinner or as a cool place to stop in for bevvies and appetizers." Great setting. Big restaurant but great service. Mediterranean. Halibut was killer - in a soup.  Major dipping action.  A gem!  blue. Couldn't have been more pleased with the recommendation I had the prosciutto wrapped scallops for an appetizer.Yummy...Then I had the wild boar entree..Yummy to eat as well.. Service was excellent also." Had the Tenderloin last time and was suitably sated."  it is relaxing; setting a good stage for conversation. Another great date place in my book!"  plus compensation for the 2 hours and 30 minutes of my life that I'll never get back." Many kudos to another server who took care of this rather toasted couple at the end of the evening and made sure we got safely into a cab back to The Blake. She was an angel." Had a meal there on a busy Saturday evening. My fiance and I are vegetarians so on first pass the menu was pretty limited. We asked our server for a recommendation and what he said was they didn't have much but listed what they had. Bad service. We ordered some apps and left - the salad we had was delicious. The hummus white bean etc. platter was okay - nothing special and the flavors needed a lot of enhancement. Probably will not be back. Our waitress gave great recommendations and was totally enthusiastic about the menu.  I love it when people get as excited about food as me. We really enjoyed our experience and would be back in a flash." We did not have reservations and did not have to wait to be seated. While we did have to sit in the corner of the place it was still nice. The wait for our food was not bad at all and I was pleased with the whole experience. I would definitely recommend this to friends and will make sure I go back here again!!"  so 4 stars from me is very good!"  business meeting......just not the place you want to go if your pallet is feeling extremely adventurous!" Make sure you call ahead because it gets very busy and it is worth it! They have great live music and the service was great." "I went here for my birthday and it was a very lovely dinner. There was a jazz band playing which gave the place a good atmosphere. It's classy and a perfect celebration or romantic dinner spot. It is pricey though so plan to spend a pretty penny. My husband and I shared the Flatbread and the Scallops and for dinner i had the Beef Tenderloin and he got the Duo of Wild Boar. The food was fabulous! Juicy and very flavorful. Every dish was presented beautifully and tasted as good as it looked. I was very happy and reallllly full by the end of the night. If you have the money or a special occasion to celebrate do it at Blue  which was not only spectacular in presentation but also in flavor.  It's a hefty portioncooked over cous cous with fruits and veggies - it was so tender is just slid off the bone.  To finish "Highly accommodating for allergies and food preferences. Good service "A group of us went for dinner on Friday night. We drove in and were very pleased with the valet parking. The atmosphere was lovely. The group that arrived before we did was greeted very warmly - they must be regulars. We were treated professionally if not warmly. Our fav appetizers were the lobster crab cake and the scallops. I really liked the wild boar entree. Three of the group had filets that were huge We capped the night by sharing a piece of Chocolate cake and it was delicious.."  even though we had a reservation.  I understand with was Restaurant Week and all "My husband and I went to Blue because we heard it was nice.  Parking and the crowd wasn't bad for Valentine's Day.  We were surprised.  We went for happy hour and appetizers since we weren't very hungry.  The bartender was very nice and helpful.  We ordered drinks and appetizers from their happy hour menu.   So we chose kamikaze's  scallops (which were EXCELLENT)  and striped bass which was good.  They really shine in the dessert area though  the service was outstanding with wonderful recommendations (definitely trust the waitress) Food was really good! The tenderloin ala Blue was so good with their risotto. DO NOT Valet your car though. Took us 45 min to get it back.  when we arrived I was advised it began at 10pm.  I was disappointed we left our location in South Park to get there.  I may give this place one more opportunity to redeem thereselves.  Right now I am not impressed with the customer service." Chef Briggs is a mastermind.  We are lucky to have him in Charlotte." eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ "The food was literally inedible. We had calimari as our app & it was very yummy. We were excited about our entrees based on this course. My husband ordered the shrimp gnocchi dish. It tasted like orange peels-even the shrimp. There was a pesto sauce & orange rinds in the dish  the quality of food and service made it worth every cent!" Still bummed they tried to seat us in plastic chairs in terrible location when I first came here for restaurant week as earlier posted" "The food was decent.  We can in just after midnight and had the late evening meal. The bouncer at the door was great! Ambiance was beautiful so we thought that this would be a nice  place to have a late night snack!  Service was absolutely horrible!! The young woman did not greet us in the most welcoming  manner.  She looked as if she was forced to be there!  She took are drinks orders and we ordered some food.  Never asked us if we wanted another drink nor if are food was good!  She then continued to start cleaning up her bar  tasty and satisfying.  Then Colleen advised the wild Boar.  What a treat!! delicious and came with a risotto that was amazing.  Topped off with a wild blueberry sauce.  Portion was huge and I could not finish it but I wish I could have.  I ended with the molten chocoloate cake with vanilla ice cream.  15 minutes to prepare Colleen had warned me  which almost made me regret the outstanding Chilean Sea Bass on my own plate. Just a short drive away in the heart of Uptown   but tasty nonetheless!  Then the bread arrived- the cranberry wheat is delicious.  My entree was the beef tenderloin.  Very good.  My friend went out of the box with the Wild Boar.  I tasted it- first time that I ever had it...it was interesting- but delicious!  I tried 2 of the martinis off the list- both were well mixed.  If you want a nice night out My wife and I came for an appetizer after a show around 9:30 pm. The ambience with the live music is nice. We sat in the bar area and ordered a pepperoni pizza and arrancini as appetizers. Food was decent but service was pretty shoddy. The small plates they gave us with the silverware literally had crumbs from another meal on it. Hadn't been touched. Smh. "We went to Blue with several friends for Restaurant Week and ordered a couple bottles of wine and the RW menu.  Everyone at the table ordered the Flatbread as an appetizer which was wonderful and flavorful.  I ordered the calamari which was good So what to order... the scallop app is possibly the best in the city eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ  flavorful portions with plenty of creative touches to satisfy the cautious eater and foodie alike. The sticky toffee pudding is what a Heath bar aspires to be. Our waitress was funny  which isn't exactly on the cheap side. We would not want to pay full price for a meal here (simply because it's a bit out of our price range) but it would make for a tempting Restaurant Week visit."  we've enjoyed the experience.  The staff tries hard to accommodate diners in every way.  We were attending a show uptown on a Friday evening and came in for a last-minute dinner with no reservation.  Not only did the staff manage to fit us in my only complaint this time around was my ""extra dirty"" martini was not really dirty at all. but they did me a solid and sent out a cup of olive juice so i could make it as dirty as i pleased. :) can't wait to go back again!"  I had a dish that consisted of two different cuts of wild boar in a currant and wine sauce. It was incredible. nom nom nom." Wonderful!  The service and food were spot on.  Try the scallops appetizer and save room for dessert.  the duo of wild boar and I can only hope that it's still on the menu when we visit next."  but my beef tenderloin ala blue was the clear winner of the night. I want to go back again just writing this review! My date tried the Pork Milanese with Heirloom Tomatoes  but a bit too chatty and played up the food preparations a little too much.  Not impressed.  Sorry we picked it after reading rave reviews online.  Wouldn't go back."  and dining for special celebrations but after this experience I'm not sure when I'll be back. I love the scallop appetizer and have not found it's equal so I will be back eventauly because I can't resist their temptation but it will be a while as I'm soured on Blue right now. I don't know that I'll recommend my guests here any more. Sorry  desert was amazing! I had the Strawberry Bavarois and Moroccan Orange Cake - a creamy Bavarian cream with macerated strawberries and rich orange cake and it was to die for.  The cake was moist and delicious and overall the entire thing was full of flavor. I was tempted to order another."  so can't really speak on that aspect of the restaurant. I WILL BE BACK TO TRY THE FOOD AND RESTAURANT PIECE OF BLUE  I will say we were all wearing dresses preparing to go out for the night but I did feel a bit out of place  and how its rank among the best in the country.   I'm more interested in the quality of the food than with all the glossy adjectives when describing the menu and service.  The bottom line is that I felt I donated $100 just to say ""I been there"" for food that was average." "Was the only place open late close to our hotel...the waitress was slow but it seemed she was the waitress I was impressed by everything and I will definitely be back to enjoy dinner here again." This would be a 5 star review except we both felt like Blue was overly pricey for what the food was. Although both dishes were amazing as was the appetizer  just seemed swamped. 15 min for our first drink acknowledgement from bar. Not a friendly welcome with the hostess stand at all eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ  and the table next to us was letting their 2 or 3 year old (who was fussy because of the late hour) run around the restaurant to ""blow off steam"" while we were eating... come on "We went to Blue for restaurant week and expected great things. We love downtown and this is one of the only restaurants we haven't visited. First I want to say that customer service was fantastic. We had a great waiter who took his time and never rushed us. He gave us wonderful ideas and we would visit again for this alone. However; we were disappointed in the meal itself. For the price you pay we were expecting some bold flavors. I got the chicken expecting it to be seasoned wonderfully. I didn't finish my meal because it was bland. Presentation was beautiful  but not overly so.  Good wine and drink list.  I had the scallops as an entre both times.  Delicious!  Tried a variety of the appetizers.  All excellent!  Definitely a top choice in Charlotte."  we go out several times a week and haven't been totally blown away with any Charlotte dinners until this weekend- 2 2 nights out this weekend were solid- and I'm glad my friend recommended Blue to us. For the food  which pretty much no one can mess that up and also a blueberry port that was outstanding! We went well over our budget and be aware that a party of 6 is already charged gratuity. You can eat here for around $35 per person if you want to but you can quickly start adding things up with drinks and other add ons. The wait staff was very helpful and the live music was good when they were playing Delicious dinner of scallops and trout. The appetizer of calamari was fabulous and the service at the bar with Tommi as our server was perfect. Awaiting music. Then last we had the jumbo diver scallops.  Again-2 for 12.95.  And they were just okay.  2 stars.   Lemondrop martini was great!  And serivce was a little slow for an empty bar.   something tells me there is better seafood out there in Charlotte."  the risotto balls were very bland and gummy.  The only good thing was the Lemon Drop Martini.  We should have eaten more at BlackFinn The best service ever!!! Warm inviting atmosphere... The music was great and the lobster crab cakes were spectacular!!! A great place to have dinner.  Definitely will be back again!  but I don't think Blue fits that bill. I strongly believe that it can greatly improve the Uptown restaurant scene if it pushes the envelope in its food and drink selection."  but the server talked me out of a couple of things I considered getting.  Made me think whomever was doing the cooking that night...A Saturday was not good at certain things.  Extremely overpriced.  Btw...coffee was $6.50.  C'mon now!  Good but not that much!  Sorry "We had to rush in and rush out. So we got what we wanted. Great service  restaurant that let us in without reservations on a Thursday night. The expensive food was good with an even distribution between fish and meat to choose from. We started with a combination of diver scallops and calamari that they quickly put together for us. Two of us had the grouper served on crepes stuffed with crab meat. A little fussy for my tastes but the fish was done just right. The filets that the other two folks at the table had looked good as well. The setting was lovely and the jazz combo that was playing in the bar set just the right tone. I'll have to say that our waiter was one of the best I have ever encountered. No bullshit just a cordial Mother's Dy Brunch- 3 adults and 1 child - 180.00 - only drinks were 2 waters and 2 teas-  gratuity was included in bill - so service was barely passable.  Food was okay - but not worth the price charged.  However - the crepes were awesome - the saving grace.  The entertainment was good and the atmosphere fine.  Probably would NOT go back.  Don't see a good value.  Do not recommend.  and it was a good experience every time. The food is great and so is the service."  it is overpriced and not worth your money."  kinda bland. Then he picked the hanger steak since most everyone at the table got the swordfish. It was cooked rare in he middle which I normally love. I love a good steak. This was not a good steak. Very tough and minimal flavor. Veg casserole was good. The dessert was okay. Had the lemon and blueberry thing. The cookie was TERRIBLE! Like a unflavored overlooked piece of cornbread. What were they thinking. Even our weighted laughed and said yeah it's more for decoration than taste. It was gross.  Don't think I will be back. Disappointed in my queens feast choice. Wish I could go back and choose again. I'm a foodie and disappointed."  tip included.  $30 each plus 2 iced teas ($6.98) and tip came to just under $90.  At least I felt like I got my one's worth with the valet at $5 for a tip  the decor is predictable (although they do have a nice set of high tables) and the lighting is a bit weird. It is a good place to have a good conversation though - just be warned  Blue really doesn't hold a candle to their service or atmosphere. What a bummer to spend that much money and be that underwhelmed." eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ  amazing! We had our rehearsal dinner here and everything was perfect beyond words. Ashley did and incredible job making us feel so welcome and special. The cocktail and dinner menus were customized with our photos. The food was delicious and the wines with paired with dinner were just right. I have the   mushroom bolognese  we wouldn't go back unless some good friends really wanted to go there." Service was great and waiter was very attentive." I'll come back for the tie-breaking Yelp Rating's match in the near future!" You might love this place but I had such a poor experience and follow-up."  food was okay. I've worked in the service industry and was really disappointed about how the night started. Being forgotten about twice made me question if we were being 'profiled' and that's really shitty."  do yourself a favor and get the wild boar duo."  I should have put this on Yelp immediately instead of two and half years hence." "I do not know if it is a ""I"" or ""Y"" but Kerri was the best of the  best when it came to our service and selection.  I have come to the point in my dining experiences to let my host server make my selections.  You did great!!! Then she escorted use through the Towers to Epicenter... Will most definitely be back!!" "Amazing entrees and even better service. I went for dinner with 5 other friends and we ordered lots of different dishes and ate more family style and it was PERFECT. We all ate very well  omelette.  There were very few vegetables to order with it.  We couldn't tell which omelette was which because we couldn't see the bacon or sausage. I think I got the wrong one because even once in a while I tasted a bite of bacon. We laughed instead of cry when we left because we basically paid close to 100 dollars for omelettes and crepes with tiny deserts when the day before we had an excellent breakfast at another Resturant for about 27.00.  We sure wish we had gone somewhere else. Music was good when they played.  Service was good but kept trying to convince us how good the food was when at best it was mediocre.  I don't think we will come here any time again too soon.  It's a shame. I have fond memories of coming here before after Broadway shows but I don't think we will go anytime again real soon."  and had a couple mixed drinks each. What completely turned us off about this place was the bad attitude of the bar staff. They acted like they hated being there and were doing us a service just to wait on us. Needless to say we won't be back Look forward to stopping back by next time we're in Charlotte."  service was on point. Will definitely be going back" Dessert was THEE Highlight of the dinner as my neighbor talked me into Blue because she resides in Europe for years and LOVE Sticky Toffee pudding and saw that Blue was offering it for dessert. I decided to order he cheesecake in which I sent back because it was soooo DRY. I broke down and orders the pudding and OOOOOHHHH MY OOHHH MY it was PERFECT and the only thing memorable about the dinner and the only thing I would go back for." Dessert was THEE Highlight of the dinner as my neighbor talked me into Blue because she resides in Europe for years and LOVE Sticky Toffee pudding and saw that Blue was offering it for dessert. I decided to order he cheesecake in which I sent back because it was soooo DRY. I broke down and orders the pudding and OOOOOHHHH MY OOHHH MY it was PERFECT and the only thing memorable about the dinner and the only thing I would go back for."  so the place was packed but with room to move about and not be smothered. Enjoyed my dinner and the music as well." eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ "This place was great. Bueatiful restaurant with great service and unbelievable food. The appitizers were great we had one of the cheese dishes that was amazing. The crab cakes were delicious.  Entries were al great  and one star for the the mature crowd and jazzy music played by Buff Dillard.  But they easily lose two stars for the overpriced drinks.  I understand that higher drink prices keep the riff raff away The jazz band started promptly at 9 was was great background music to our lingering conversation.  This place will be a must visit on out next trip to Charlotte!" "Very nice restaurant. Came for the jazz and wasn't disappointed. Arrived late so we couldn't sit at the bar but nevertheless the music was very authentic. I recommend arriving on time for the show and you won't be disappointed. Also I was disappointed tonight because we had been here for our anniversary in July and had a wonderful evening....."  and the server admitted many complaints on this score. With everything ala carte  but not all it's hyped up to be. I've gone to Blue several times over the years. It is pricy & has a reputation for being very good. I find it to be fine  we had a very pleasant experience overall. If you're looking for a good meal uptown for restaurant week  so we didn't take the music into consideration for our review).  Some of our dishes were very mediocre Had a wonderful meal here on 1 292016. We shared the Foie Gras was exquisite. My girlfriend had the pork osso bucco and I had the scallops and short ribs. Both meals were wonderful. This was our 2nd visit and both have been some of the best meals we have ever had. I put this restaurant up there with the best NYC restaurants. I've been to places like Daniel and Le Bernardin in NYC and this ranks right up with them.  the sticky toffee pudding was to die for. We will not seek this place out but wouldn't mind coming back for dessert Mediocre food. Pretentious and overpriced. Bar area can be fun when they have live jazz. Good chocolate martini. My husband and I went for dinner and it was amazing! I had the beef tenderloin which was the best filet I have ever had and he had the wild boar which was so tender and juicy! Definitely want to go back soon!!  I promise you can find a better restaurant in Charlotte."  and he was very good. The calamari was excellent as an appetizer. The people I was with got the wild boar entree. They seemed to love it. I got the flavor of the Mediterranean for my entree. To be honest is was only ok. I love Mediterranean food Parking: valet or parking garage"  and the kitchen knows the value of salt and pepper. Read: food and drinks are bomb. The atmosphere is warm and inviting while still exuding a bit of elegance. It's great for happy hour - you can get a flatbreads  we loved finishing off our dinner with cappuccinos and their sticky toffee pudding. The perfect combination of salty and sweet. This is a highly recommended spot in a city full of so many different options. Our server was also attentive "One of my first times to Charlotte. The valet driver at the Hyatt recommended this restaurant. We checked it out online. The ambience was quite nice. Service is good but not great. However Ambiance was great... service was a little more intrusive than I prefer. If you are going for an intimate dinner be prepared to have your conversation interrupted several times. Calamari and flat bread were delicious... flavor texture and temp were spot on... grilled Bison rib eye was good but overpriced. Scallops look fantastic but were raw. Ricotta ravioli were good.... had the scallops been cooked it would have been perfect. Overall... meh. "Love Blue - my favorite restaurant downtown. Went for a special occasion - a small retirement party. The bread and butter is great   but the food was not great.  We were a large party with several vegetarians. All thought the food was rather tasteless. I had a fish with couscous and the flavoring was bland and didn't compliment well.  There are better restaurants to frequent."  everything was packed with amazing flavor. Candace recommend the most perfect wine for our evening. Dessert was on the house since it was his birthday. She came to the table and lite a candle for him  there is usually a good to great jazz band playing live. Blue could be great but it's not." "" Coyote Joe's is really a good time if you go with a big group. Don't worry if you don't love country music 76lSMjkrbLxTWeylGZvjhw I've been to Coyote Joe's a couple of times. The place is massive with a wonderful dance floor and great instructors that teach a variety of line dances...something for both beginners and seasoned dancers. The place is spacious enough that they can really pump out the live music without it feeling like your ears are bleeding. Ill definitely be going back the next time Im in the area!"  but this stretch of Wilkinson is a little sketchy...I think people know better to mess with a bunch of good ole' boys who are in all likelihood strapped.  Oh  and the cash only. I was wearing heels and my feet were sore by 11! There isn't a ton of carpet throughout and no empty seats around. I do have to admit The band members truly love their jobs and they show it. Thank them for your good time  one of the bars is up on the mezzanine. On the busy nights they bring out a few portable bars with just beer. The drink prices are also extremely reasonable. A domestic beer is around $2.50. I do not know any other concert venues that sell beer at a low price like that. On nights where there is no national act  this place gets very hot as the crowds pile in.....I mean they were passing out fans and towels for goodness sake.......now I'm not sure if that is a problem with the cooling system or what but for a natural chic with a blowout these are unacceptable conditions and conditions my hair cannot withstand for an extended period of time.......definitely not a good look." Coyote Joe's is a big country bar and by big I mean huge. Large dance floor. Multiple bars and more cornhole than you can shake a stick at. It's not really my scene but it's quite cheap so yay!" I really wish they'd drop the door fee because I think more people would come regularly. But So if you're down to drink beer out of cans and listen to some great country music... this is your place. MAKE SURE TO BRING CASH. They do not accept credit cards and you don't want to pay the ATM fees. Check the calendar often to keep up with who's coming to town. Randy Houser rocked an acoustic show last night. It has me even more fired up for the summer country concert season." We went here for am Aaron Lewis concert cheap beer and drinks but it gets stupid crowded it may have been the Concert mostly likely. But if you go to a concert spring for the VIP seating areas its worth it other wise you have to deal with standing room only. If Aaron Lewis played there again or someone else I liked I would go but again I would pay for the VIP seating areas.  the guys came back and pushed in front of us.  Next thing you know the guy got in a fight with all the other people around him.  It was a huge brawl and it took a good long time for any bouncers to arrive.  I felt very unsafe this whole time and it was because of the lack of awareness and or the lack of care that the bouncers had for the well being of the patrons.  Will probably not be going back and will definitely not recommend going to any of my friends."  and great scenery! Only downfall is credit cards are not accepted. That's the only reason for the lower rating. Be sure to bring cash with you!" "I usually go on Wednesdays for the line dancing. It's obvious the owners don't put on the air conditioning because within minutes the place feels like a furnace. Drink specials are usually pretty good The main reason I love this bar is because you can actually sit down if you want to and there are several bathrooms so you don't have to wait an hour in a line to use the bathroom. I love going to the line dance lessons.  bathrooms are reachable. There's always someone to fix the pool table if something goes wrong. And the food truck outside is quite delectable." "So much fun! The only down side is THEY ONLY ACCEPT CASH at the bar so come prepared One final personal note: if you come here and order Bud Light (or some other equivalent) you're wasting space and need to be eradicated." The food is also pretty good.  They have a few german dishes that pair well with the beer options and also a few other typical bar food items.  The drink specials are enough to keep you coming back as well...along with the activities on different nights (trivia tuesday night  and more obscure ones.  Very friendly place and everyone is more than willing to offer suggestions as to which beers to try.  Plus plenty of deal nights and specials to keep you from going broke.  There are also lots of fun gimmicky deal and theme nights which just makes for a fun time if you want to participate." I do give a huge nod to the beer selection and for that one reason I am likely to go back."  you'd be better off sampling their fare than wading into this Applebees of a bar. Great beer selection; decent service; atmosphere feels like they tried to cram the entire British Isles into a space next to Kinkos." Didn't try the food so I can't comment on that." F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA  however it is a great place for people who are willing to try something new and expand their beer horizons.  Be cautious when experimenting because they do carry some very expensive brews.  The service is ussually great and one of the most difficult things to do is to avoid the cook-out drive thru after a fun night of some tasty bevs  salads on top of the regular bar cuisine. My coworkers and I head out there every Tuesday for half-priced lunches and we're usually back on Friday nights to kick off the weekend. The saucer raises the bar on the ""cute girls and beer"" business model and usually attracts a very outgoing   easy-to-socialize with crowd."  6 13) and the bartender was kind of an a-hole.  I think it was because I'm not a ""local"" as he was pretty condescending when I asked about the local beers.  I'll probably go back "It's fairly obvious when you see an endless line of platters on the wall highlighting those who have had 200 or more different beers... the place is popular and its regulars are very much so.  This place is about beer "Five stars for being exactly what it sets out to be: a beer lover's ultimate experience! I am now on a quest to drink 200 different beers from all around the world to get my name on a platter. The burger was good  but I guess thats not what its all about.  Pool tables in back Good place to hit up if you have never been." You can't say you've toured the University area without a stop at The Saucer. Experience that ""certain something"" it has on the competition and let me know what you think!" The strip mall is a dreadful location- but that is to be expected in University Area. The outdoor area is ok."  great bartenders. What more can I say? Perfect for someone wanting to enjoy a beer with good friends. Monday night is the night for great specials but I prefer to go the other nights of the week when The Saucer is a bit quieter. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is has nothing good to say about Charlotte night life best beer selection in Charlotte. Great staff and on Wednesdays you get to keep the pint glass.  come here for the beer and the energy and you'll enjoy every minute!" I only wish I lived closer so I could visit more often..."  so keep that in mind; also around lunch time during the weekend often people bring their babies (They bring a BABY to a BAR!) which is annoying if you like to say the F word or talk about your hot hole." They have free wi fi-you know if you want to take your computer to a bar and get your wi fi on. Even though I wasn't completely sold on their food or service  but not packed and our service was great - even with a waitress in training tagging along!  The beer selection was amazing and they had some great specials ( I was able to partake in a pumpkin beer for the first time for just 4 bucks  :) )   I had an order of nachos and this was the one disappointment of the evening...the sauces they came with were great  they will get to know you and you will be treated like family."  or drool over dopplebock The Flying Saucer has many an option for you  and good service. Most of the waitstaff is knowledgeable about the beer selections they offer  I'm going to discuss with my Beer Goddess which brew is next on my list!"  this is worth checking out if you are serious about beer." The food is pretty good and the atmosphere is great for a group of friends having a few beers.  If you are looking for a great selection of beer We came with a group for a little unofficial Yelp event on trivia night and we won first place...no big deal." "Tuesday night trivia is so much fun here!  You should probably sit the near the front...the sound in the back is not so good.  The winners get a $50 gift certificate to the restaurant.  They can be quite communist about smart phone users  and a huge outdoor patio.  My last visit was a Wednesday night around 6pm.  There wasn't an empty seat in the house but It worked out well for me because I kicked my date's ass in darts!  I've never really had dinner here but I've had the pretzel and it was really yummy!  I would definitely be a regular here if it was closer to my home." As for Trivia - they run a tight ship and it's a blast! The MC is really good and calls out all potential cheaters. Love it! I'll be back again soon when I'm in the University Area." F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA I am still working towards my name being emblazoned on the wall... (75 beers in).  I like the fact that I started my UFO club membership in Raleigh and will probably finish it here in Charlotte." Not really even sure how you can bad mouth the place....its beer heaven If you join the UFO club you receive opportunities for coupons F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA  except for the Sheboygan side-by-side with the hot German potato salad.  It's the closest thing to Wisconsin you can get in Charlotte."  but i'm sure its the same great friendly atmosphere  I don't drink beer.  So that's not a draw for me.  But I do eat food and I have friends who drink beer.  So I came here for dinner and comradery and was pleasantly not severely disappointed.  Most bar food is wretched and disgusting with little selection and bad service.  But here the food was almost decent in quality and quite tasty with a wide selection and above mediocre service.  It's actually OK.  I wouldn't come here just for dinner  & hippy hollow all likewise!  Wish they were in my neck of the woods.  Taco Mac would be out of biz!!" Love the selection and chocolate stout! Great service and knowledgeable staff. Went on a Tuesday had half off lunch. My one complaint?  Too far from home."  I would definately go back. The atmosphere and the extensive draft list are alluring The only thing I would improve is the building itself.  It should be 3x the size and maybe have an upstairs that is like a huge wraparound balcony so you can see and be part of all the action below."  and outstanding service (even on a busy night.)  We only went for a snack and a few beers Love this bar and the idea. Tons of beer and interesting people. The girls that work there really know their beer and usually make excellent recommendations. It can be a bit loud if it's busy so sometimes talking can be a challenge. The backroom is usually better in those situations. They've also renovated the back room so "I always come here after playing a round of Par 3 golf next door.  How can you go wrong with hundreds of beers I. Love. Flying. Saucer. By far my favorite place in Charlotte to grab a beer. It's even better now that smoking is longer allowed inside.  this place can be REALLY loud inside.  Like uncomfortably loud Not a huge fan of the servers in mini skirts but I have a feeling that may be a gender related bias :)" large selection of draft and specials on pricing.  Quality staff. Love it!  Huge beer selection and great bar food.  Raunchy Trivia and warm soft pretzels.  Plus lots of attractive bar maids! "Great place to hangout for a while and catch a game. I always sit at the bar. Lots and lots of beer to choose from and if you have any questions about any of the beer someone will always be there to help you out. Very friendly staff and service is awesome. Food is great! Tasty and not greasy which is a nice change from typical bar food. This place has definitely opened the ""beer door"" for me. I've been trying lots of different beers that I don't think i would ever have done if not for discovering this place!" "Great place and enough beer there to please anyone. You have to join the beer club and try to drink around the world. I am in the process of this now and I am having a lot of fun doing it! The food is ok but when you do go there you MUST get the pretzels the dipping sauce is great. You can either dip it in Cheese sauce or spicy mustard. I tell you  and pint night for $3 on Monday." Great food and great brew! Definitely will be back.  so I go there a lot for their unveiling parties.  It's a nice open environment and they have a great selection of brews.  The giant pretzel is the way to go.  So fluffy and lovely :)" I definitely recommend this place if you are a beer fanatic.  You won't be disappointed." I had the Hummingbird H20 and it was yummy.  I then tried the Snakebite which wasn't as yummy but it wasn't terrible.  Our server was great and really knowledgeable about all of the drinks (the Snakebite wasn't her recommendation for me but I was being adventurous).  Which is quite impressive since there are hundreds to choose from.    Greatest part was that the drinks were cheap.  Only $5 a piece for my tall glasses of brew.  Definitely a great place to chill with good people and kick back a few.  There's also a full menu.  Always best to drink on a full stomach just something I learned over the years :-)" This is the premier establishment to grab a craft or import beer north of Uptown. Can be overrun with UNCC students and other beer fanatics. Sometimes difficult to find a table for large parties. Absolutely love this joint and always stop in for a quick brew if in the area! Cheers!" I'm also (literally) offended that the Flying Saucer charges 99 for their iPhone and Android apps... but that is neither here nor there." "Pretzels are sooo good. Beware the mustard has horseradish and your nose will work WAY Better. Great pizza but Damn  this place is definitely a place to hang out and just conversate (you'll notice a ton of college students during the school year as UNCC is not even 5 minutes away). Hours will fly by especially if you're curious on what type of beer is good and what isn't. The only problem here I find is that it is a little pricey  and start working your plate!" Great place for beer and mingling. The food is fair.  in which they have ""Damn Near All"" for $3.00 a pint.  The girls dress nice (for a guy like myself - Hey! I enjoy the atmosphere).  They usually wear some type of kilted dress and that gives the place some bonus points in my opinion.  The food here is pretty stellar too for a bar joint.  Bratwurst and the girls wear super short plaid skirts (if you're into that sort of thing) :)" The beer selection is amazing...definitely a place to check out if you are a beer person...all types of beer from all around the world...and I can't forget the food is pretty good too!  but get there early as seats tend to fill fast and customers spend all day in their booths." Aswesome beer selection. I love coming here. You won't find a lot of pampas jerks in this bar like other places in the university which make for a pretty nice time for the non-fratty crowd young and older alike. Try the standard Monday night Pint Night or Trivia through out the week. You will not be let down." Pretty good food here and the beer selection is of the chain.  if you want to enjoy a good meal and a good beer plan to do it earlier in the day." "Tons of beer...lost a star for  it was on the table in a minute or two.  Had the Sheboygan Side-by-Side with fries instead of potato salad.  The fries were a little cold  as are the rocket tots.  I am never disappointed when I leave  5.99 on weekdays for a specific sandwich plate each day.  The club is my favorite lunch special."  but very fun :-) Oh and they allow dogs on the patio so we bring ours every once in a while."  this place has tons of it and while I really wanted to take a run for getting my own plate on the wall  the men are always in for the treat of eye candy. They're friendly in here to say the least. Watch for weekly deals such as cheaply priced pints and local brews. Also the food ain't all that bad." Everyone else liked their sandwiches tho so we will probably be back except I for sure wont get that again." Music - one live man guy playing the guitar was cool. Played various music of 90s  and video games. They frequently air DirecTV sports games. There is both indoor and outdoor seating." I like the beer selection and love the Colorado beer connection since I have roots from there. However the food side needs a little work. More pizza selections and sizes wouldn't hurt would they? Appetizers aren't bad in general. Overall it's a decent place to go for a chain joint.  to the point that it's hard to hear any conversation at all.  Not sure how that could be remedied  but a bit on the slower side. We placed our order for food and while I ordered a side salad in place of fries with my burger--- and it didn't arrive that way---it was quickly corrected! We had these Rocket Tots as an appetizer and the jalapeo sour cream they serve them with is perfect!!!  Really enjoyed those spicy tots! :). My burger was great Only thing downside about Flying Saucer is all the tables and booths are very close together. With it being busy last night  but this visit just completely soured me on the place.  They really have nothing here I can't get somewhere I like better." Good food and drinks before going to a concert at the verizon wireless amphitheatre up the street. ~Cheers  that is just pretty lame. Not to mention who doesn't inventory when they initially receive items??"  the beer is cold and the waitresses add to the fun." "Slow service. Horribly under staffed. Waited a while to get my order taken  the wait staff was great. I got to the restaurant about 20 minutes before the rest of my party. The waitress Lauren was more than happy to chat for a couple of minutes while I waited." Best beer selection in the area. Wait staff is so friendly and knowledgeable.  Heck the waitresses know more about beer than I do! That's saying something. The brat con queso  is a an awesome appetizer.  and playing darts. It was great! Service was spot on as well"  atmosphere and of course the beers..."  it's super hard to find.  It's kind of tucked in a corner and you don't see it really until you are right in front of it.  They had a great beer selection and a lot of the beers I had never even heard of.  I liked how they had them grouped on the menu.  The brats I had were good but the service sucked.  It took forever for my cousin and I to get waited on and the waitress didn't seem that friendly.  I'd probably give it another chance because I liked the beer selection." Monday has really good specials for draft beers. And seasonal rotations offer great new selections."  but you can find so many delicious beers. I don't turn it down when someone wants to go. I recommend the bratwurst plate I feel like sometimes the saucer is over rated but maybe that's because sometimes I just want a Miller Lite  friendly service. Good place to go for a relaxing and fun atmosphere Really had fun. The food is great and the staff are really nice and attentive. The selection of beer is just crazy large and staff is fairly knowledgable about the beer and can even make great recommendations.  and it's always clean. Can't get much better than that."  and beer knowledgeable. The food is good but not great. Had the Hippie Burger which was supposed to have a jalapeno pesto. The burger was good but there was no taste of jalapeno at all which is what I was hoping for. The group I was with shared the pretzels (incredible spicy mustard) and the rocket tots. The pretzels were good but the tots were nothing to rave about. The next time I went had the beer and cheese soup and shared a pizza Loved this place...... world's best beer is served here.. service is very good....  but I don't think I've ever had a bad experience. It's a pretty reliable a good time." Great set of Drafts available. Great atmosphere for drinking. Its usually crowded on weekdays and weekends are worst.  4 tables in the whole place.  Very Disappointed after reading the other reviews."  they're some of the best in town." F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA "Awesome waitress.  Awesome concept.  Awesome beer.  Awesome appetizers.  Pretty good food.  Not AMAZING Certainly worth a trip if you're in the area."  when it was not crowded. No offer to comp food and no apology. Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone!" "Not a great selection of beer for a place called a ""Draught Emporium"".  Also the food was less than mediocre and they were out both chicken tenders and pizza when we were there.  There are a lot of much better places to get craft beer and bar food in Charlotte."  I don't think you can find a place that has more beer on tap.  The food has always been good.  I love getting the rocket tots.  Overall the service is good.  If you're a beer person you need to go to this place.  You'll enjoy yourself." Bailey and Erika are amazing! They are so attentive and so personable! They both let us know all of the awesome specials throughout the week. I will definitely keep coming back. And their UFO club is awesome! Gives me a reason to sample all of the beer types and try something new everytime I come. Hands down best bar in Charlotte. Dinged them for a star as the food choices don't have many vegetarian options."  very impressive draught beer selection with lots of excellent local beers. Waitresses were outstanding. Our regular stop to and from Raleigh."  a good stop before a fun show." Throughout October they are doing different decades... so brush up before you go!"  and I really like this one too. The waitress was exceptionally helpful and friendly. I was impressed by the variety of pumpkin beer they had and the crepes were as good as in Austin. This saucer gets extra win points because a guy celebrating his plate party was in a giant bear costume and I got to be a part of that."  nothing to write home about in the food department but they make up for it in the extensive drink selection.  Great group room in the back that is quiet enough to facilitate large groups that can actually hear each other." "Great atmosphere and awesome beer selections. Wait staff was friendly. Food was mediocre unfortunately. The burgers came out well done. Waitress never even asked us how we wanted them cooked. This makes me believe the burger were previously frozen. The German potato salad had a big pool of oil at the bottom of the cup. Yes the German potato salad is made with oil  I had to ask about the particular manager from my last encounter and found out she was no longer with them. Added bonus!" Overall this place is awesome."  I definitely don't recommend their shepherd's pie.  Portion was small Always a great place to hangout with friends! Many of my college memories are associated with this place. Great atmosphere. Great servers(and beautiful as well ).  and this place is like heaven!  Sign up for their UFO club and not only get a tshirt and their incentives  then the flying saucer is the right spot. If you are looking for dinner and drinks You have a better selection to choose from :) great atmosphere."  and for the amazing pretzels. The Flying Saucer has amazing hot soft pretzels! The bar is usually pretty busy "I really like the Flying Saucer... It's something about the eclectic college hang out spot feel that would keep me coming back... That and their enormous beer selection! I only been here twice and the food is spot on.... Their burgers are definitely some of the best that I had in Charlotte... The bacon wrapped jalapeos are great Amazing selection of beer. Little pricey Great selection of beer and never a letdown. Any time that I have gotten food here it is pretty standard bar food - burger and fries kind of stuff. My favorite is the pretzel appetizer! So for me Ive been here on several occasions and overall its safe to say that ive had a great experience everytime.  The staff is attentive and is always readily available to refill your glass. They have an amazing beer selection that could suit to pretty much anyones taste. I havent explored the food menu to deeply but the pretzels are great as well as the cheese fries. Ill definitely be back. Our experience here has always been great!! Most of the wait staff is exceptional but Ashleigh Parella is the stuff!! We won't sit anywhere else but for her to take care of us!! Also Chris is an awesome manager!! Love all around!! Beers are off the chain and food is above bar food standards "They have tons and tons of beer options available and revolving specials.  Once you hit a certain amount of beers you get a plate with your name added to the wall or ceiling.  I am not quite sure as to how many it takes but it will take quite a few trips.  Their soft pretzels and cheese are awesome!  The pretzels are tender i've had this several. the staff seems to be a bit distracted most of the time which makes it hard to get an order in but the beer is endless and good and the girls are smokin hot. Pet friendly outside. The food isnt so bad. Also cool promos and glasses.  very good. Good times with great folks." Great beer selection and the staff is very friendly! I had the pretzel and it was fresh and so tasty. I'll definitely be back to try some of their other food selections and beers. 07 09. Trying it again...hot beer and an 86.5 food score I'll pass on the food and next time on flying saucer as well. It's a shame I have to leave a whole star" Room is like an old pub with the exception of the several hundred Saucers on the Walls and Ceiling from those who have come before and have been sucessful"  excellent beers and great food. The only thing I don't like here is the waiters are always changing and most of them can't do their job properly because they are either new or maybe it's because they don't write down their orders. Service is awful here. But it's still the best burger in town." I'm not a beer drinker which might be horrifying to some that I even go here... But I'm addicted to the pretzels and for the first time the other night I tried actual food -Hippie burger was surprisingly delicious! Had no idea it wasn't a meat patty it's so flavorful and filling! (Newly vegetarian going on 3months and have had a lot of disappointing vegetarian and vegan options elsewhere) this burger was a pleasant surprise "Tremendous selection of beers.  Fun atmosphere. Had the double brats with german potato salad.  The brats were excellent and the potato salad was the best I've ever had "Their beer selection is amazing...Waitresses are not always so great! Paige is really good through! She is super fast and never leaves you with an empty cup! Overall it is an amazing little place. I have never seen so many options for draft beers! If you go try the Rocket Tots We have been coming here for several years and have never been disappointed with the food or service. Lauren's Goat Cheese salad is perfection. I hope to explore more of their local beer selections as they seemed to rep quite a few NC brews."  which I guess they want.  They have many beer selections.  The soft pretzels are pretty good.  I would definitely go back for a casual night out. The service has always been decent.  Nothing special or different about it."  and this place has wonderful selections!!! Don't forget to wash that tasty beverage down with some bratwursts and pretzels!!!"  ect.  The atmosphere is awesome and you will not be disappointed.  They try and have different events at least once a month which is nice if you are a regular it keeps things interesting.  The staff is very kind and always knows exactly what my wife wants to eat and drink.  The one thing I am disappointed in is their ""health score"" and I hope they bring it up." They also hold events there throughout the year celebrating numerous things  but the manager took our beers off the bill!  We are hoping a location will open up in Greensboro!"  you are greeted by plates all on the ceiling. These are no ordinary plates! These plates hold the names of all that have accomplished tasting just about every beer that has been on tap (they say 200 is when you get you saucer on the ceiling). They have craft beers that are to die for.....rare beers you won't find at very many places. I'll be back tomorrow for the 3.50 pints. Looking forward to it. I may have to get my membership so I can eventually get myself a saucer on the ceiling......CHEERS!" We will not visit this location again."  but if the pretzels are the same as in Raleigh.. They are life changing with the queso and mustard! The mustard is spicy and a game changer." First time I used the app to find somewhere near that was good since we didn't know the area!"  I suggest you land and perform some maintenance before taking off on another flight." My boyfriend and I stopped by to kill some time when we were driving from DE to SC. The draft list was impressive - I was very much a fan. Great place to grab a quick drink if you want to try something different! Great place to go if you like beer. The food is really good too especially the stuffed jalapeos. The waitress was extremely nice and offered free tasting of any of the beers we were interested in. "I enjoy both locations in Raleigh and Charlotte but I will agree with the others that the Raleigh one has the better vibe. I like the dark mood lighting in the Charlotte location but the TVs are set too high so you have to crane your neck to see them if you sit at the bar. Nice selection though  sometimes the less said the better it is"  although we might choose to sit outside if the weather permits." If you want to skip the chain restaurants and don't mind girls in short skirts check it out." Not bad for a few drinks and some OK food. Service wasnt bad though. 3 stars just because the burger I had was average.  very blah. I guess it's there for when you've drank too many beers. Great selection and menu though. Wouldn't be my first choice as a place for dinner Great place for beer lovers the best selection I have seen.  The plate for 200 beers cool concept. The staff is nice and know their beers.  Good service and fair prices.  The food is only ok. The ambience is fun. Overall  a great place to drink. This place is awesome!! There's one in Raleigh too. Dog friendly outside with lots of craft beers to choose from. Loaded rocket tots are yummy!!!  I do not believe you can find a location that's more beer on tap. The food has always been great. I adore getting the rocket tots. Overall the service is great. If you are a beer man you should go to this area. You will love yourself."  and are more than happy to give you a sample pouring if you ask them. The food is good. There's some solid appetizer options like the large pretzels or the bacon wrapped jalapeos; it is a little pricey though. For the most part  and this place always leaves me quenched and drunk which is what I love. Sunday and Monday nights are hopping because of the $3.50 pint specials. The wait staff is friendly and the bar tenders are extremely nice. Many people who go here have a plate on the ceiling. The taps change daily and very fast which keeps things exciting every time I come back here. I would bring my own 65 year old father here who hasn't drank since his wedding day to drink wonderfully crafted draft beer here. WWCKD ? Also I love this place and it might love me back." Great food and atmosphere. The service we received was excellent and the food was very tasty. The Flying Saucer's beer selection is out of this world. How they also have such good food is completely alien to me. But don't have too many IPA's and nachos or Uranus will go supernova and turn into an all-enveloping black hole.  I have been a fan of Flying Saucer for awhile. This is the first time we have been at this location and it was a perfect stop in our travels. We sat at the bar and the bartender was extremely friendly. Of course their beer list is extensive and has something for just about any beer lover. I like that they categorize their beers by styles. I hate searching and searching for a beer to try in an unorganized list. I ended up getting a sour and it was the perfect treat for the summertime heat! The bartender was also very gracious in allowing us to taste several beers we had never heard of and we chatted a bit about our favorites. My husband got the bahn mi for dinner and he said the pork was very dry "Stopped in before a show at PNC Music Pavilion for an indoor tailgate. Beer selection is outstanding - some craft beer joints go for quality and not quantity. Others focus a little too much on local brews. This place has the perfect combo of both. Well thought variety from around the world. And who would have thought the food was good  so it's a nice spot to go later in the evening for a chill night.  With all of the TVs and sports paraphernalia it  seems like it'd be a great spot to watch a game  and it is sort of a family hangout during the day.  It is a nice place to take your kids to after a soccer game (if you have the dough).  At night it turns into a somewhat younger crowd  sized just right with something for everyone.  I typically go for their burgers which are delish."  but I don't yearn to go there every week." Good beer selection. Service sucks. Nice atmosphere in the bar area.  I haven't really done sit down service in the restaurant part.  Nice place to have a beer and watch a game.  Decent food.  Usually mostly men in there.  Have outdoor seating also.  One of my favorite places. I definitely recommend the Chicken Salad Plate....  good portioned salad and seasoned chicken salad also comes with a side fruit plate that was good."  but most sport bars have that trend.  When I don't want to make the trip down to the Philosopher's stone I am forced to come here.  I've seen worse  2011"". My friend's beer had a due date of November 8. I returned my beer and ordered a draft. The waiter did discount my order  they also have live music on occasion.  The overall atmosphere is comfy and laid back but I think a little nicer than many sports bars." Have been here a few times and its always good . Reasonable prices and good service ."  and a baked potato.  The break gets a little soggy so you may have to ""Fork n Knife"" it but its only because the chicken is very juicy!  The baked potato is delicious and comes with a salted skin which goes great with a side of sour cream.  Beer Alcohol can get pricey here if its not on special r-pBY6vR_Iu5XhPRvPnquw Friendly service but forgetful. Overall good experience."  nice tv's to see sports."  I've gone there the past 2 years on Mother's day.  There is something for everyone Excellent service and the food was slightly above average for this type of restaurant.  As it is close to home  then placed on the grill AFTER being tossed in whatever sauce you want...all in order to give a delicious char on each wing.  I usually get the Tavern Chips to go with them.  Awesome!" Stopped here after dinner for desert. Had the brownie sundae. Brownie was warm and chocolate sauce was sweet but not syrupy. Waitress was courteous and efficient. The continued mistake has prevented me from calling these guys for the past couple of weeks but tonight I really wanted one of those salads and decided to give it a shot.  Friday night  probably in a microwave.  The server was nice and friendly but would not come around all that often.  I use to be a server.  She could have turned our table very fast.  Any parent with little ones would want and expect that.  My husband did not care for his meal either.  He got buffalo tacos and the tortilla's were not even warm."  hot and delicious.  It was only two of us but they gave us a booth for ten...Tiffany was awesome and very accommodating.  Great place to sit and talk with an old friend.." "So bad compelled me to download yelp app and write review. Went for lunch with family (wife and 3 young boys). We've learned to not be picky as our crew can be a little rambunctious. First off in an empty restaurant we were seated directly next to the kitchen in out door. Next the waitress spilled water on my wife and table. Then when asked what the specials were I was told ""um It's a hit or miss here depending upon what stuck up college kid you get serving you. Had lunch here. Quesadilla for me and a burger for my husband. Waitress Danyelle was very friendly.  Food was good. We would definitely stop here again.  and food.  My favorite place to take my family!" All Hickory Taverns are awesome!  We love the food. Everything is so good. Can't go wrong with anything you order and the beer selection is awesome." "Always a good go to restaurant when you don't know exactly what you want. Great beers on tap and good bar food Nice atmosphere. Thurs night oyster and shrimp specials were delicious. Best hamburger my husband ever had.  when it would have been very easy to put 3 tables for 4 together that had been empty the whole time.  There were waitresses everywhere Good food and good service!!! Can't ask for much more!'  It's a great place to go when you don't know what you're in the mood for.  Chicken wings are amazing and so is the Colorado Chicken!!! I am from MI and will come here while visiting my brother to watch football and hockey" I will say one thing. This is a bar so stick with bar foods!"  hopefully dinner service is just as good." Ps - hiring high school aged girls as ""hostesses"" is almost creepy. Then again - the place IS creepy."  constantly hover all over the place. It's creepy. Heaven forbid you ask them to change a TV to an ACC team during March Madness. You will get an excuse like ""there's a guy here who wants to watch golf or ESPN commentary  made our experience that much better. Will definitely be back."  tasty food. Friendly wait staff and hostesses. Definitely recommend."  its a good deal....depending on what you get its either $6 It was an overall bad experience here.  The tables were sticky.  The glasses were dirty. The service was slow and the food was tasteless.  I would probably not return here.  I am a frequent Chilis eater. There food is delicious and the restaurant has a great family environment. If it wasnt for the bad service If I wanted to I could buy this place."  but the service was lacking.  Placed our order for express lunch promptly along with order for water to drink.  Had to ask another server after 10 minutes if we could get our water and chips and salsa. She brought them to us.  After another 10 minutes our lunch arrived I wondered if our waiter thought our drinks had magically appeared.  Unfortunately this set the pace for the remainder of lunch  we left. I should've known to leave when the person sitting beside of us complained that his food had taken so long.  Terrible!!!" "Robert is our waiter. He made some really good table side guacamole for us. We had no wait to get a table and we're seated immediately. I ordered a lemonade and a mushroom swiss burger. My wife ordered sweet tea and chicken crispers. The guacamole was very filling. Now to see what the burger tastes like. It's average "Our server Jimmy was AMAZING! I've never had such great service at this Chili's or any other Chili's before. He was attentive Very clean chills. One of the best I've been at in the USA. They are very nice people and they are very curious if you have any issues. Thumbs up for a great staff and a great place "Nice service and relaxing atmosphere. Food and drinks are very good  if not unprofessional looking. The manager was also extremely unprofessional looking. The restaurant was not clean Just spent $27 for two people at lunch. Ordered the Sante Fe salad.  Cost was $10.29.  Looked nothing like the picture.  Chili dusted chicken breast on top of pale green salad and dotted with pink tomato chunks and fewer pieces of avocado.  The salad was tossed in a milky bland ranch dressing.   Bluck. Won't be doing lunch here again. "My wife and I went to this Chili's again for what we had hoped to be a nice supper. The area we were seated in was filthy. The floor hadn't been swept and many of the tables hadn't been bussed. A nice young lady got our drinks for us but it took our server Davante another 10 minutes to show up at our table and take our orders. My wife's salad arrived first. She said it was okay. Our entrees arrived about 15 minutes after the salad. She had smoked wings with ranch dressing I am so disappointed. I usually love Chili's but today wasn't their best by far!" ** They are not apart of the Chili's Rewards program until AUGUST  20 The 2 for $20 special wasn't a bad deal. The guacamole was just average but the chips were fresh and crisp. I enjoyed my chicken bacon ranch quesadilla. My wife said the mango chicken was just average. A little slow on our service but not terrible. A 3 1 2 star meal. Good bar specials. Chicken egg rolls are good with the avocado sauce. Buffalo wings are ok but on the smaller side. Sauce is a little too buttery for me. Chips and salsa are always good to share!  egg rolls and boneless wings. I always ask for no bacon on my burgers and every time I get bacon on it doesn't matter where I go even when I repeat no bacon. I never understand. This time I got it and didn't see the bacon I was like wow they got it right. I tasted bacon and spit it all up. I was so upset. I got her attention and she was so visibly upset. She was so apologetic. She went to the kitchen and yelled at the cook when he told her she didn't specify that on the ticket. She said she def did. So she told the manager and they not only cooked me new burgers but they comp'd my entire meal. How sweet. I was in shock they have never done that. Dylan was the manager and he came out to apologize and check on me. The bartender I can't believe I forgot her name(Short pretty petite girl with dark hair) to the host were so nice. Hands down best chilis I been to. Thanks. I will most def be back when I'm in the area."  if she was a good one. We had 3 different people wait on us... I think that is ridiculous seeing how they are never busy when we go there. After today I don't think we will be going back...  Also the place needs a DEEP cleaning!!! Dust is 2 inches thick on the blinds..."   a hostess told me thanks for coming." K6xsXWh-tvezc6T2zJkKNw  but still...  I can't help but keep thinking...  if the chips and salsa is bad...  what else is bad?" I had a beer and called it a day. There's not really anything memorable about this place to me SgjcjIxsAlVkcrtLaLxtTg "I had a enjoyable dinner ... Friendly staff Staff was friendly and efficient Nick our server was very kind to us! Great service! Fun funny guy! Engaged my entire family! The girls that brought our food out was awesome as well!  looked out of date. Need some TLC and would be bump into the 5 star."  and I love the pay at your table feature. Most places you can never get your servers attention when ready to go The new tablet on your table system is pretty cool. You can order a round of drinks right from your table without having to wait for your server to come back. They have tons of free games to play with your friends or keep the kiddos entertained. AND  you can pay your bill right at the table. You can even split it however many ways you want to right at the table. It's pretty awesome."  I do find Chili's to have good food for great price. $25 to feed 4 people is a good deal!" Just ate at Chili's and had a great experience. Was seated immediately and promptly and professionally served by Danielle. She recommended the lunch combo. I had a fresh house salad and delicious turkey club. The fries were old and stale tasting though. Good place for lunch The service is always so when I go . I think the servers need to focus more on their guest during lunch hours versus going to the back kitchen Really really delicious food burger was cooked medium rare first time I've had a burger directly cooked in a very long time drinks were good service is very nice very friendly Keep up the good work guys!! I always tell the manager how well everything always is. I think the compliments keep up the outstanding service." Horrible horrible experience... The managers don't care the server don't care . I got and appatiz and sides and they just charged me left and right for it. Like at the bottom it says it you get a side by it self it $1.99 and then they charged me extra $1 for substitution but I didn't substitute anything . they wouldn't budje for it I will not be back  2 Presidential martinis and than finished it off with the white chocolate molten cake. Waited so long our hunger was just striding away my g f took her ribs Togo and I ate most of my bacon burger but just felt exhausted from all the waiting we had to do. Server was very friendly tho once she got to our table. When it comes to the food it was edible but Chilli's is Chilli's I mean who hasn't been to Chilli's!!!!" Good food and service but the restaurant was very dirty. There were dirty plates and cups everywhere. The bathroom was disgusting and the whole place just felt like it needed a deep clean. They need some more busboys and that bathroom should be cleaned regularly. Very gross.  soggy and fell off when I tried to eat. Our waiter was really nice but for 10 dollars the plate of food I got was ridiculous and the only thing I ended up eating was corn on the cob and some fries. Don't get the chicken crispers (my friend had a really good salad though)"   we normally check and give the benefit of doubt if it is at least an A but if it's that low then the people working making your food don't really care enough to ensure your well being.  McDonald's has a better sanitation grade...  Now that's saying something!" Best chilis I've ever been too the service is great loved my waitress Ashleigh she's the bomb .com I've debated on if I should post this review. But from looking at other recent reviews things haven't gotten any better. Shame on upper management."  and our entire experience there consumed over 100 minutes.  Suggest going elsewhere unless you have plenty of time to waste.  Half rack of ribs special was pretty good Overall good experience... the waitress was a little on the slow side (for the restaurant being dead).  It did pick up toward the end so maybe she got a little frazzled." Salad had wilted lettuce.  Sanitation grade 90.5.  Don't recommend. bad service & terrible food zmWlDfDmiNgci1e6WMA8fw  I recommend that you either find somewhere else to go or just save your money and hit one of the local grocery stores.  Since Applebee's is a chain  my second round of sangria tasted like the bartender poured half a bottle of what ever they use to sweeten it  and then she hung up on me mid sentence. When she came out to my car she was nothing but impolite. It was the customer service tonight that may have deterred me from ever coming back to Applebees.   The food was great "Delicious steaks and nice interior. Friendly staff Very bad service. Also my girlfriend got very sick after eating here. Also notice that the chicken she had ate was undercooked. DO NOT GO TO THIS APPLEBEE's  my visits are great. Well I guess you can't really mess up wings & drinks." "This location seems recently remodeled.  Very pleased with the abundance of local and regional microbrews displayed unusually attractively for an Applebee;s.  They had glasses provided by the brewers  if you want a decent meal with at least decent service I have enjoyed the steak at Applebee's. Decently priced & slow service though."  walked by multiple times without even looking our way. Place wasn't busy at all. Left and went across the street to another restaurant which was very busy but seated us a took our order within a couple of minutes.  If you are looking for a quick lunch don't go here." I'll make sure as long as I live none of my family friends or even foe! croses foot to this so called ""restaurant"" again."  good start right? Wrong. We sat for over 15 minutes with many servers passing us including the one assigned to our table. Another server we had not seen stopped by and asked if we had been helped. He took our drink order and was extremely pleasant. Waitress delivered our water and drinks then nothing further for about ten minutes. Ordered and received our food my wife ordered the Asian salad and started eating and when she got to the bottom of the bowl a hair was at the bottom. Called manager and he came over. Not very customer service oriented. My wife had to ask if the salad would be compensated after he asked if she would like something else to which he responded  I'm assuming because it was a slow night. I told the bartender that I was there to pickup an order and she decided that her conversation with her coworker was more important than serving a customer. I waited for about 10 minutes ( my requested pickup time at the time was about 15 minutes prior to this) and my food came out. I checked my order  and waited. It must have been 30 - 35 minutes before it came. She set our plates down and scurried off. She never even gave us silverware or napkins. We managed to flag down another waitress and asked for silverware and napkins. She went to go get them and never returned. After about 10 minutes a man came around checking on each table. I assumed he was a manager. We told him about the silverware and napkins and he apologized and brought them right away. At this time the bungling waitress comes over to ask if we needed anything. At that point we didn't. She went over to the next table and they complained about something and we heard her apologizing. She went to another table and they complained and we heard her apologizing again. Apparently she was screwing up orders at every table. We finished the meal What a joke! This place has permanently lost my patronage." "First off the management here sucks ass!! The kitchen was so far behind that we sat there for 35 mins and still didn't get our appetizer! The server did all that she could but damn! This place has no team work at all and like I said Never ever eat here!!! Worst service I have ever had. When we said something there was one excuse after another!  I placed an order online for the salad and a soup while at the gym. I plugged in for it 12:00pm pick up. I arrived around 11:45 and had no problem waking until 12. 12:10 nothing...12:15 he comes out with the receipt to sign and will bring the food out when it's ready. Really? It's soup and a wedge salad. Literally a hunk of lettuce. 12:30 and this is the salad they bring out. No bacon and barely any toppings. I knew my one experience Wednesday night was too good to be true."   she looked like she couldn't be more bothered.  But I guess after she sensed we were ok peeps she let her guard down a bit.  Our food came at a reasonable time and my salad was pretty dang on good!  Was it my favorite place?  Nah "Fantastic service and food. We ordered appetizers  if the fact that we had to wait 5 minutes for a hostess to greet us although the restaurant was half empty wasn't the key for us to run we ignored the signs. After waiting 20 minutes we observed several already seated parties leaving and complaining of the wait. We still stayed because I insisted on Applebee's. After waiting another 20 minutes for our server to take a drink order and waiting another 25 mins for the appetizer to arrive cold. We still hung in and received cheese less 4 cheese Mac and cheese  but the main attraction is the lake. So if you're in the area or have a boat "The atmosphere is fun and lively!  The staff is good and the food is pretty decent for the theme.  It's the hopping place for the area!  The only thing I don't like is: 1)Smoking 2) the Dead animals inside the lounge.  I was advised they were going to BAN smoking from the inside soon  great patio area if you're there for some drinks and maybe a few apps. For a destination dinner Zc2IwSzGY63zkyhfNrr7HA  but it takes two.  Please stop relying on the fact that you're the only place (I know of) in the area where you can eat the water's edge.  It's just not enough to keep us coming anymore.  You actually have to serve good food and decent drinks."  a good place to go drink. Waitstaff is knowledgeable." Giving it 3 stars for the outdoor area.  The only food I've had is their spinach quesadilla which was okay.  Nice place to grab a drink and listen to some live music. outdoor on the lake. This place has went downhill bad. I remember going here for prom or when people would visit from out of town. Now im not so sure. The service sucks. The food is pretty mediocre. I was there on a Friday night and ordered the prime rib only to be informed that they were out. So I ordered a ribye and it was ok. The steak was cooked right but just didn't have much flavor. After dinner we went on the deck so my daughter could feed the ducks. When I got out there I grabbed a chair so she could see over the deck and the bartender rudely told me that I can't use the chair. It is only for people sitting at the bar. I hope this place fixes some of these problems because I want to like it again "Not good for food. Cost us 50 bucks for 2 orders of ribs with one side and soda. The food was terrible. I remember a time when the food was good  Not sure I'm going back at all..." If you're looking for a fancy place (is this really a steakhouse?) it's prob not for you Great place to pull up to in your boat and get a drink on the deck and watch people navigate the traffic jam of finding a boat slip on a busy summer day. The food is ok. They market it as a Texas place and while the memorabilia decor inside is true Texan the food is only ok. All in all not a bad place to hang out on a summer day.  there was so much butter on the bread that it was soggy and way too salty. My husband ordered the T-bone steak which was okay The best feature of T-Bones is the lake view. Outdoor tables and the bar are especially crowded and seating is a free-for-all  it's only restaurant on Lake Wylie. So there." I went to this place probably 15 years ago. Was not impressed then. Has gotten worse. Not inclined to go to places were they have to have armed police officers on duty for the protection of their patrons.   This placed is off the list. Will not return!"  the service was very good.  Meghan was our waitress."  the Chicken club was the only thing we found worth getting.  As long as we have sunny days on the lake  and topped with Bleu Cheese crumbles. The dish caught my eye because I've recently become a real fan of Bleu Cheese crumbles. (Sounds like as good a reason as any.). My husband and I were both pleased with our choice and highly recommend this dish. The filet was quite tender and had a little ""kick"" from being blackened. The sauce made a good taste contrast and the Bleu Cheese topped it off. Try it ... but I probably won't suggest it for a group lunch in the future. I would like to try it for dinner on a weekend Food was pretty good. Great patio overlooking lake Wylie.  their Sunday brunch is pretty good and they do a bloody Mary bar that is good too. Don't take a large group because they act like accommodating you is painful. They also took forever when the restaurant seemed fairly dead. They need to remodel and hire a new chef to re-write the menu because you cannot beat the location. They also need more boat slips... it always fills up fast on the weekend!" Nice night for a ride across the border but sadly that place just sucks. I was better when it was the Hungry Fisherman like 25 years ago.  one person in our party didn't get her chicken sandwich until about 10 minutes later and then got charged an extra dollar for it to be blackened but it wasn't blackened and the manager told her no when she tried to take the dollar off how crazy is that?  I can't believe this place has been around so long and is still in business with such poor management.  Unfortunately this is the only restaurant on the lake and they know it.  Such a shame they should really get their act together." T-bones is a great place to go if you're on the water on Lake Wylie. It is basically the only restaurant on the lake that Has docks for pulling your boat up to have lunch. The outdoor deck and live music are always nice but always crowded. The only food that I could recommend on their menus would be The burgers and quesadillas. I would never eat the seafood there again after both myself and my wife got sick on different occasions inning the fried shrimp. The Sunday morning Bloody Mary bar is a nice touch if you're up for that. "No good. And it's a big shame because with the awesome location If they actually had decent food this place could be jumpin every night. My mom who's been here several times warned us before we left ""we go here for the views and to be outside some nights  just sad. Won't be coming back. It's fine if you want to enjoy a few beers by the water  and is just uncomfortable and always broken. The stools make you sit way lower than the bar and you feel like a 5 year old - they weren't made for this.  They are breaking too.The horrible 'decorative' paint job and poly on the bar and railings from 20+ years ago is peeling off and needs to be removed.  Looks like the removed a lot from the interior ceiling of deck bar  nice deck w water views and drinks on a summer night or day.. Live music is fun.. Awesome for hanging out w drinks.. Not a food place" "Location is perfect. Live music was super good on the deck.  But the food... oh my.. Expect fast food quality here. The fish taco tastes like something you get from a frozen box. There is absolutely no flavor on it.  I wish this place was more unique. Not just the typical lower end American Cuisine  (burger fries fried chicken tenders fried fish..) that you get at any Walmart. Service was not bad. I only wrote this review "This is the worst example of a ""Steakhouse"" ever.  The owner is a self righteous fool that loves to cause trouble if you give feedback.  Lousy place on Lake wylie "Snagged some lunch on the water and got in right as they opened. The waiter waitress staff seemed to miss us coming in because we wanted 15 minutes before I had to get up and ask them to serve us. They were apologetic and nice "Location is perfect view to the lake but services pretty slow Ok.  I try this place 2 or 3 times a year praying it will get better.   I live i n the lake and its the only place to go if your out for a boat ride.  Without fail its always the same.   Dirty.... I'm looking at a spider web hanging from a moose head as I write this.   Sloooow service.   Poor to standard food.  If it wasn't for the monopoly of being on the lake they would be out of business.  the can be a pro or a con for some. It is a part of Lake Wylie as much as the lake it seems. Go for the entertainment and think of this place more like a start to the night. They get bands and their is no cover." "We have eaten here several times and the food has been good - the blackened prime rib on Saturday evening is to die for. So we thought we would try the Sunday breakfast buffet and Bloody Mary bar. My advice - go to IHOP or Denny's instead. The breakfast ""buffet"" was no more that a glorified lets-throw-some-typical-mediocre-breakfast-items on a couple of tables and call it  Breakfast Buffet. I went expecting rather a brunch - i.e.: breakfast AND lunch items - after all  unless it is by boat for a quick beer and the view." So.... this place could be a solid 3-ish.... IF you get a good server... and if it's summer  inside is just okay. Feed the ducks on the way in and soak in Carolina sunsets!"  the food is not. I went with a group of four. Our waitress was nice but not very professional. One of the first things we spotted was a large cock roach crawling across the floor. We expected this to be taken care of after telling the waitress but it was not. I am not so sure where that nasty bug ended up. For about $17-$19 a a dinner our plates were very sad looking. Chicken was dry and the portions were tiny! Going to t bones you may be thinking oh! T bone steaks! Nope...no where to be found on the menu. Mostly everything is fried! After finally receiving our bread and butter at the same time as our dinner....?? We dug right in. After one person took a bite the sour faces were hard to miss!! After investigating the bread and butter we realized that there was something seriously wrong with the butter! It tasted something like chlorine really old water that has been sitting in a dirty sink for a long time. It was terrible. After kindly explaining this to my waitress she again was not very professional. She was like oh okay. And took it from us. She offered free desert which we did not want because everything else was terrible. I asked if they tried the butter in the kitchen and she said ""oh no...we won't try it"" which makes me wonder how many other poor folks had to taste it that evening! We will NOT be back for dinner. The only reason I would go back is to sit at the bar on the back deck and have a drink. This place has so much potential! The wrong people are running it. Such a waste!!!!"  and the burgers are not. ONE EXCEPTION--The Ribs are not bad and edible! Go Great location in the old Hungry Fisherman restaurant on the water on Lake Wylie. Lousy food.  it now 7 hours after my not so tasty (questionably safe) lunch at T-Bones today and my stomach is still doing flip-flops even after a bout of diarrhea (sorry to give such detail but important to note). The health department really needs to take a much closer look at this place...honestly folks!" "Nice view! It was a slow day in the restaurant and we had decent service. Slow on the refills but it was fine. Service was friendly  biscuits.  Eggs were cold and the fresh fruit wasn't fresh.  There wasn't much to choose from on the lunch menu.  Worst thing was the loud dance music.  I actually really like electronic music Two stars instead of one for the decent nachos."  oh my the food okay so they forgot the bread so we had to ask for it when we received the meal. With a $20 steak you get one side and this was a 7oz ribeye they're sides consisted of about 8 different types of potatoes a cucumber salad and cole slaw no other vegetables except the veg of the day. The steak was under cooked and I ordered medium rare. The ketchup on the table had started fermenting because they continue to refill the glass bottles and I'm assuming they never throw them away "I should have read reviews before going out to dinner here. The service was incredibly slow. We sat at our table next to the bar for 15 minutes before deciding to move to the bar. Even sitting at the bar we had to get the bartenders (there were 3 of them) attention everytime we wanted something. Only had the nachos  with great service and a good view.. thus the high 3 stars.  Will we be back?  I really don't know when but no overwhelming urge to go back immediately."  food is gross and the wait staff is just pathetic. Only nice thing is the view and the kids enjoying feeding the ducks. Sad for such a prime piece of real estate to not be maximizing it. Decor looks like you have time traveled to 1970. Perfect place for Gordon Ramsey and Kitchen Nightmares." I'd give it one star except the service was very good and the bread was clearly fresh.  But I won't be back."  food and management to ever come back again. If only Sweetwater could takeover their location." "The only reason we ever eat here is to sit on the deck overlooking the lake.  Service is slow and the food is not good at all.  Ribs are the best item on the menu  overpriced and the service is poor. I guess it is just another spot (like all the other bars in Lake Wylie) for locals to sit and drink outside. It's too bad  setting and location are great. But the food is horrible. Every appetizer and main dish is horrible. Beer selection is better in my house. No Amber ales or pale ales. All the beers are for college kids. And the place can be renovated for sure" This place seemed like a hidden gem on the lake but the horrid customer service well lack there of  the food is not good and the managment is poor.  You will notices this theme in other reviews.  I would believe them." I just noticed the time and they close in four minutes let me tell you they should have closed years ago and they should not bother opening tomorrow. I can't believe even a low-level restaurant can ruin an easy grilled chicken salad. The raspberry vinaigrette tasted like something out of one of those mayonnaise packets that you rip open. The chicken was grizzly bland and flavorless. The turtle that we saw in the pond as we were walking in probably would have tasted better. I was not the only patron who appeared to have trouble with their order. I saw two ladies at another table send back two plates of food. Simply because of the view I would only go there for a drink. Even the menus felt dirty and sticky and that should have been my first clue. I was afraid to order another beer because of the scowl on the barmaids face I thought maybe she was going to yell at me. My pitbull has a softer look on her face. If you like bad food you're in for a heckuva time. We stopped here not knowing what to expect and wondered if we were a little under dressed due to the outside of the restaurant. Once inside we saw that we were just fine in our shorts and capris. Cocktails were good but menu is very overpriced. I had the T-bone due to the name and paid $29 for the steak and 1 side. The flavor of the steak was good but a little on the thin side for the price. Service was just ok. They weren't too busy and it seemed the wait staff wanted to hang around and chat with each other. All in all I doubt we will make a trip back here.  nice deck and beer is sometimes cold..good location The inside is fun with signs and trinkets. The outside patio is nice to sit out and watch the lake. The waitresses were friendly."  more suited for McDonalds and truthfully tasted worse than a McDonalds burger but cost me 10.00.  What a sham.  That burger cost them 2.00 and they charged 9.99.  Which I'll gladly pay for a fresh ground beef patty.  Pitiful excuse for a restaurant. No leadership in this place.  I really don't understand this business plan because they are adjacent to some of the highest value homes in Charlotte.  Just clean the place and serve fresh food.  I'll never return."   you go for the view! We stick to bar food appys and it hits the spot.  The service is always so very friendly and accommodating." "We've been going to T-Bones for years.  Great views and friendly service!  If you want a laid back atmosphere for drinks or a meal at the lake  these guys may actually step up their game. Food is average. Inside is dark and dreary. Outside is ok. Love the lake fire though." "Everyone at our table loved our dishes which included the grilled chicken  good tunes to just sit back and listen to  the bar scene was good and the servers were outstanding. We ate at the bar on the outside deck and it was pleasant.  Warm but not too hot with a great view." "This place is Super gross  it's like eating inside the public toilet. It stinks inside  miss. Wait staff can be inattentive & easily distracted by all the ""action"" going on or too busy socializing amongst themselves.  The only reason to go here is for the drinks & to enjoy the lakeside deck." "The only thing good about this place is the view and you can have it for free on the ramp area. Server took forever to realize our existence and when she finally showed up  they were very nice and got us our bill quickly and gave us our food for free.  Don't know if we'd ever come back to enjoy the outdoor bar unless they do something about all the seagulls."  eggs and sausage were cold. We were told they would be putting out fresh food  so that had me worried to start off. Our server was so SLOW and seemed more concerned about socializing than serving. I had to get up and ask for a refill twice. I had a grilled chicken salad and my friend had a club sandwich. After 25 minutes "Horrible service... My husband's steak came to the table raw!  So basically we had to eat at separate times while a meal he could eat without becoming sick was prepared.  Never checked on I would recommend coming here just for drinks on the lake and maybe an appetizer. I haven't tried their steaks but if you can't provide a fresh salad I don't see a reason to gamble on the higher priced items." I would eat here again!"  but I'd rather be treated better at a restaurant that does not have the same views."  Christi provided great service beyond what was expected.  Drinks were cold "After reading the reviews I was a little worried.  But the atmosphere was great out on the deck and the food was good I had the tenderloin sandwich that was great.  My man had the shrimp Alfredo he liked it had a lot of shrimp but returned to haunt him later in the evening  the food is great (I had the kale salad and kale salad isn't exactly what I would normally like but I'm trying to be good... It was phenomenal!) I've never really been disappointed here but never been wowed either. Now I'm flat out excited to come back!" We ate and paid just in time to avoid the rain....again Awsome!!!" Each time I go here I swear it will be the last. How are there no other restaurants on Lake Wylie?!"  if you are looking for white trash people to treat you like white trash   the wait staff is under trained and unorganized. My first trip here was this past father's day and it was packed surprisingly had a short wait. No complaints on the food   talkative people. Very casual. Car Parking lot is good and the boat dock seems adequate. The kids like the ducks and turtles that hang around. They have pellet machines for a quarter to feed the rascals."  he didn't offer anything or even take it off the check. I wish I had checked the reviews beforehand because it would have saved us a 30 minute drive. It's sad that they won't fix anything after all the negative reviews since they are the only place there. Decent view of the lake  the location is great food is crap.." I do consulting and conclude that the restaurant's management is weak.  There's a lack of customer focus and the wait staff isn't being held accountable."  does the pizza suck.  Every time we went there we spent the rest of the night in the bathroom.  Awful."  friendly bartenders (unlike the *other* Spartan- ahem!) and super pizza.  A little on the smoky side "Spartan Pizza is going smoke-free on March 1 I should also note that the plates for eating pizza are plastic.  This is a ""no frills"" kind of place."  more like home-made) with a great bar with nice   I'm a local and it beats the pants off of Pizza Hut. !!" The pizza is one of a kind and with their unique ranch dressing it is absolutely the best! No room for improvement needed." kind of disappointing pizza The fries were spectacular too... Just waiting to dig into the Mexican pizza and watch some Downton Abbey... Gonna make a B-Day feast dyn-o-mite!" The pizza was good except for the canned mushrooms. I can't stand canned mushrooms on my pizza. Did I say I can't stand canned mushrooms on my pizza. I didn't think anybody used canned mushrooms any more. I don't think it's fresh crust either even though it wasn't bad. Plenty of other pizza places around This is a great family owned restaurant that has terrific pizza and good craft beers. The staff is very friendly and hospitable. Great local establishment. There was no waiting for a table and the staff was very friendly and eager to help."  this is the place to go.  We always get the thin crust because they don't skimp on the toppings Pizza is pretty consistently. Always great service and love the open space. One con is the bathrooms. Please visit Spartan Pizza soon.  and these are perfect for a weekend afternoon.  I would probably return to the Hody more if it weren't for the small inconsistencies in the food and the slight hostile feeling that I sometimes pick up from the regulars Overall it an ok place to go to get a few drinks. Sadly its one of the better bars in Middleton. Not as much of a dive as the Club Tavern or Bristled Boar and not as Towny as Pauls grill ....And if your into older trashy women this place is for you."  but I think you can customize. Otherwise a decent bar with average prices and service. Good TVs and a very local crowd. I think they have small bands on the weekends." Anytime I've gone at night the crowd is a little rough looking and the music is too loud. But going in the early evening or for lunch usually works pretty well." SO CHEAP! Out bill was around $20 for 4 people!?"  partly cuz they advertise half price apps during the game and partly cuz of their presence in 'Madison Cocktail' book.Service was sketchy at best.Waited 10-15 minutes for a beer and then was advised only 'select' apps were half price [2-3 of 16 on menu]?! Hmmm.Also use of the cocktail book was viewed as a nuisance. I say if you sell them readily accept them ...In summary  the beer was not very cold but the prices were ok for the area.  This place needs to place more emphasis on bartenders that are courteous and clean in appearance.   Probably the longest wait for a drink in an unpopulated establishment!!  Tip accordingly"  or some place my mom would hang out. Little disappointed with my beer too. My Spotted Cow tingled as soon as it hit my tongue Went to the Hody bar with some co-workers.  Was having a nice time and the all of the sudden the bar tender came unglued....it was 1:45 and she started screaming at us to leave the bar.  She said she was going to have a nervous breakdown and didn't want to deal with us.  She was screaming.  I didn't want to leave her a tip but my boss was with me and said I should in case she shares tips with the others.  We won't ever go back after being treated so poorly....no wonder we were practically the only customers in the place.  and they always have ""the game"" on. The beer is cheap. In the summer time its always cold from the AC. On weekends it can be hard to attract a bartender as this place always seems to be packed by said locals watching the band. So take it for what is worth."  or maybe we were overdressed or underdressed (unlikely) or maybe we had the wrong haircut. Maybe they only serve locals. There weren't remotely interested in us or our business. It was uncomfortably weird. Wednesday night  but no one even brought us water. After over 5 minutes we left. Their bloodies didn't look that good anyways. Was so perplexing. Wasn't even busy "In my opinion service here has always been sketchy at best.. Stopped in on Christmas Eve [it was the only area place open].. but this time service was outstanding G1qUGBNYNS220jKlPAlFsA Classic neighborhood bar.  Good strong drinks at good prices. I think the bar food is great (try the spudsters!) I love this place because it hasn't changed a bit - the food is still awesome Yummy food! Great service! Family friendly atmosphere! Great Prices! "Quaint little townie spot downtown Middleton.  Nice divey spot for a beer.  Inside smells like old people and moth balls  and rarely stays open past midnight - it's just not that sort of bar. Go across the street to Hody for late-night drinking. Any other time though I would actually give this place a 3.5 if that were possible. I docked it because it has a limited menu with mostly fried food  good flavor. Fries were good. Def will go back and try burgers there." UPDATE: I've spoken with a couple of people that are thinking it may be a fluke that I ended up with frozen patties the time I was there. Apparently they have a machine there that they make their patties with. I'm going to have to revisit in the near future to investigate." A total dive but the burgers are seriously amazing. Bar tenders were friendly and the beer (limited) was cheap.  but I find it endearing.  We've been back a few times now and love going with friends for a casual Friday night.  Great specials (love the Friday fish...but be prepared to eat only fried food).  My all-time favorite is their summer sausage reuben...if you love reubens you cannot go wrong with this jewel!  Fries are always hot and fresh and service is always friendly.  One of Middleton's best kept local secrets!" "Want a burger?  Go here!  Price is a little on the high side for some of their dishes "A bit awkward. Kind of like the snack bar at a summer camp. Very nice people in there and the drinks were good. Decor was lacking Don't go looking for the lobster.  Go for the specials "I love the small town bar feel. Good food  and they like the fish fry on Fridays.  I'll stick to my cheeseburger." I felt like I'd been here before the minute I walked in - the menu and atmosphere were indistinguishable from other taverns I'd been to.  Their tap beer selection was good and its obvious they do a lot of business.  If this is what you are looking for  and really good food--we'll be back!"  this isn't your place.  Madison has plenty of excellent choices in that department.  This place is homey and will serve you a solid burger and fries Great old school bar. Burgers are fantastic. The service is good .the price point is good for Middleton. Will be going back again. The very definition of a Wisconsin bar.  Good food and they make one of the best old fashioneds I've ever had.  I wish they were open on Sundays too.  2 hush puppies and coleslaw.   The meal was better then expected and exceeded expectations.   The Village Green is a traditional Wisconsin Tavern that has great service.   I am looking forward to next Friday already!   I forgot to mention that they have a decent selection of on tap beer.   I tried the Winter Skull  very tasty food and a friendly atmosphere; you cannot go wrong."  and even some kids menu options.  I decided to try their cheese curds (great!) and the friday fish fry.  The hush puppies were too dry.  I'd recommend staying away from those.  The fish was good  keep looking...this is your typical neighborhood tavern and it made me feel like I was back home in the Milwaukee area.  The best burgers in Madison...hands down!  Good fries and cheese curds too...they had a number of other dishes that sounded yummy too.  Super friendly staff.  We will definitely be back!"  a nice selection of local brews on tap and fast friendly service this place is for you." This is an OK place for Friday Night Fish Fry.  My daughter likes the Hush Puppies and Spudsters.  There is no choice of fish - you get deep-fried cod or nothing. The price is reasonable and the waitstaff is friendly. Go soft and juicy burgers!  I dream and crave these burgers.  Basic cheese burger with pickles and they special mustard. Sweet potato fries are out of blunts ." Companion had a Bacon Cheeseburger. She claimed it was tasty... Given companion isn't really a bacon cheeseburger sort of gal  and in the smallest quantity I've ever seen. You can find somewhere better if you're only going for food." This place may not be much to look at but the food is good. We ordered the fish sandwich and the spicy pub chips. The fish sandwich tasted fresh and was cooked well. The pub chips were tasty and the blue cheese sauce that came with it was excellent. They have some good beer on tap to wash it down. I will come here again.  and the dipping sauce had just a bit of kick. Nice beer selection.  Casual  the amount of food for the money is unlike anything I've ever experienced."  casual place. With other places competing with each other who is ""cooler""...Village Green just is without trying. An American and Wisconsin classic. Hope this place sticks around forever." Went there to eat for lunch. I got a salad with a reuben sandwich and my fiancee got the sloppy Joe sandwich and some seafood gumbo. The food was really good and our waitress was really nice and friendly. I would definitely go back to eat here again.  pre-formed tasteless meat pucks would be about right. Locals may love it because it's close and their taste buds are already damaged. I don't know why anyone would go here twice." So disappointed.  Craptastic.  The food isn't fresh. Sandwiches and burgers do not come with fries or anything.  Service was REALLY S-l-o-w and the place had like 3 other people so it wasn't like they were busy.   Atmosphere was awful.  Think your grandparents basement.......  the decor is cool vintage and I've been coming here for 35 years. Great selection of tap beers as well. I can't believe I only have 8 check-in's...I suppose I shouldn't make it egregious because I could probably have 10 more. I had a cheeseburger with American and grilled onions the other day. I had been getting the fish sandwich and I forgot how good this place is. Crispy and crunch outside crust and a perfect medium in the middle. I'd go here everyday but I don't think my cardiologist will let me." Glad to find it in Middleton."  classic Wisconsin bar atmosphere with plenty of wood paneling and no nonsense food.  The burgers are fantastic  and he was correct! Simple but delicious with just the right amount of grease and a LOT of flavor. The burgers were very small though  typical Wisconsin Pub and everyone is friendly and service is great. I always take out of state business visitors there for lunch and now have return visitors always asking to go back to the pub. Highly recommend this place for great food at very reasonable prices." The Village Green restaurant was an excellent experience. I went with a big group of people (most of them intoxicated) but still had a wonderful time. We all got our drinks and food very quickly. My bacon cheeseburger was exquisite. Very good place for a cold Wisconsin evening. Keep it up Village Green I'll see you again in the future. P.S. The cheese curds gave me a semi."  but sure tasty. The spicy (?) pup chips with it were perfect. Great hole in the wall."  but the best seat is at the main bar. With a built in open kitchen and flattop grill to smell the burgers cooking! They have some tasty daily specials too on the menu." Good bar food. The Friday fish fry is hit or miss. Decent tap beer selection. Service is always very good. "Simple local spot with great food and even better service. The wait staff was not only extremely attentive  the positive: Really Great tasting burger. Laid back atmosphere that is not pretentious. Only negative is that it was pricier than I'd expect. $12 and some change for a burger and fries with water."  it was ok.  My biggest problem is that the portions were for ""polite"" people.  I wanted a meatier meal.  My eldest had the Patty Melt Classic burger joint   dive bar that has been around forever and has not changed a bit since I started going there a long time ago.   Prices are great.   Service is excellent.  Burgers are definitely the thing to eat.   Tap list is great (especially for a divey bar in Wisco).  Definitely worth stopping by for a burger and brew if in area.  there's better food at other places.  But Village Green has a unique charm that will invite you back time and time again." Fun place with great service great burgers. I've been coming here for years and was shocked when they started bringing your burger in a plastic basket instead of the piece of wax paper they used to. I was worried they might be getting a bit fancy but nope  but well worth the effort (delicious!!!). My wife and daughter both had double cheeseburgers with bacon and wanted to come back the next day for more! Wait staff very friendly and helpful." Perhaps some day I'll go back and point out the inconsistent apostrophe position in their signage and get punched in the face."  it's a nice enough place if you need to whet your whistle out yonder."  my friend Aaron and I found ourselves on the outskirts of Madison and in need of whiskey.  Luckily the warehouse we were destined for was by Slices' (Slice's Slices).  Boy  great food and the owner is cute as a button. Justin no longer works there but Kimmy and Brian will treat you right. There mixology is beyond reproach. Great fish fry and even better burgers." Go to this bar and grill and you will come back!" My wife and I left at halftime with uneasy stomachs (partly because of the surprisingly large bill). Her assessment of the experience sums it up: ""Boy Very unique place. You shouldn't leave sober or without a new friend." Nice place to go get loaded at night but the owner is a fucking douche bag he was really rude to me  did I mention the incessant flies throughout the establishment? Yeah  but nonetheless it's a great little neighborhood pub with friendly bartenders "Great local pub!  The staff are super friendly.  My favorite menu items are the reuben  old and all. I shall be back there to sample more beer and heckle at Olympic games on a TV screen."  they apologized profusely and hit us up with a free spinach & artichoke dip appetizer. Very sweet." I am so stoked to have found a great fish fry place so close to our house. We will definitely be going back soon."  which I thought was a great price.  The burgers were huge and very tasty along with the cheesecurds and fries.  I will definitely visit this place again next time we're in town." "EXCELLENT tap-beer selection with many microbrews.  EXCELLENT liquor selection as well with lots of flavored vodkas and rums and the like.  Prices are average.  Always a diverse and friendly crowd.  The food is okay.  The pizza is actually pretty delicious  with an emphasis on Wisconsin brews.  It only gets really crowded for trivia nights (Tues and Wed 8-10) but other than that not too bad."  extremely friendly and hard working.  They seem short staffed often but they all run their butts off and there is hardly a wait for anything!  Last night I had the Rueben w  waffle fries and it was delicious!  I would suggest getting a big screen TV for watching the games but what they have works well too!  I love this place  not quite dive-y but pleasantly local. Not unexpected based on the location. Went for the Bell's tap take-over for Mad-Craft-Beer-Week. Wife and I had the fish "Had a great 5 piece perch fish fry with yummy waffle fries.  Good food "I love their friday night fish fry . The price is right and great bluegil and perch. I have to keep going back there. love it! I defeintely recommend fish or even sandwiches Edit: Turns out the fish wasn't so good- ended up being up all night with food poisoning.  Yup I'd come back to try non-fish fry some night." Really nice place. Great beers on tap. I've been to Dexters a couple times now and am in love with one thing about it; the beer selection.  Pretty impressive for a tiny little place.  Each time I've been I've gotten walleye as previously stated there is no superior crappie  as long as you get there at the right time. Great selection of micro brews. Interesting and delicious food. The last time I went in for food and a beer it was lovely. However on previous occasions  7 24.  Tried the pizza burger after someone finally decided to come A. get a drink order after sitting down 5 minutes prior.  B.  Recite the specials off the chalk board because they didn't know what the specials were.  The  burger was ok  as it's walking distance from our house. Fine fish fry and good other offerings. Really kid friendly before 7 (seriously  because that's when the trivia crowd is there and the place is packed to the gills." I love the tap beer selection and all of the entrees we've tried have been great!"  just be prepared for a long wait for both a table and the food but I believe it is worth it... great beer choices that change frequently and we were pleasantly surprised by their sandwiches as well. We went in on an off night (Monday) to watch a football game... We were seated right away and the game atmosphere was great with many televisions so you don't have to worry about where you are seated."  Dexter's is a cool spot that I will continue to frequent!"  we NEVER come here on Fridays after 6pm....forget it.  If you don't mind dining with the Greyhairs....you'll do just fine." "After reading several rave reviews for the fish fry we decided to try this place.  We arrived at 5:30 on a Friday in Lent and knew we were already in trouble when parking was hard to find.  The dining room was packed and we were told there would be an hour wait.  Since we had driven across town Absolutely the best place to get a delicious Reuben and brew fries in town! My favorite dive on the Eastside of Madison.  or Walleye. I went with the fried cod which was absolutely delicious. I couldn't turn down the garlic chili fries or their home made chili. Needless to say I could have used a wheel chair for the way out! It was by far one of the better fish fry joints to go to in town and I will for sure be back. My only complaint with the place was that they don't take reservations and they won't do carry out during lent (due to an overwhelming amount of business) but it's good to see a business that does so much business they have to turn some away."  you won't be disappointed. And if you're looking for a fun place to watch a Badger victory with friends 6 27 13 Met my wife for drinks & dinner at Dexter's Pub.  They have a great tap beer selection (lots of micro brews).  They also have many bourbon and whiskey options.  I opted for a cold and yellow pint of PBR.  I rode my bike after all.  We started with their hummus plate.  We'd recommend you ask them to put the pita on the flat grill vs. having them fried or plain.  We had them plain which was okay.  There were plenty of crisp veggies.  We then shared a catfish po'boy with fries.  The catfish was generous and tasty.  The bread was okay.  The fries were great.  They do a great job for only having a flat grill and a deep fryer. No carry out on Friday nights!?!  I'm new to the area and was looking to trying Dexters Friday fish fry after hearing so many great reviews. Unfortunately I didn't get the chance as they do not provide a carry out option on Friday nights. I was speechless went told this over the phone!  I did try another place (Brothers Three) that was happy to provide carry out to this customer and it was wonderful! "9 27 13 My wife and I stopped in for lunch.  Their catfish po'boy is even more awesome because their bread improved!  They have many great reasons to stop in "The food is great and the craft beers are even better. The staff is very friendly but I docked them two whole stars because the service is very untimely. You will often spend time waiting for what you want They have THE BEST Italian beef sandwich I've found in the 608 and pretty darn near close to Portillo's. Only thing that's slightly off from the hundreds of sandwiches I swallowed back in the windy city - the bread. But that's not enough to make me never want to order it again... in fact I'm thinking about going there tomorrow. The atmosphere leans more neighborhood dive which might not make you say  and seriouslygreatcraftbeerlist. Their beers are all of the cant-pick-up-at-the-gas-station variety and it's worth coming by just for that--the menu diversity is the cherry on top of my craft beer float."  the staff is friendly.  The beer menu is ridiculously long.  Go to Dexter's  but were not disappointed. Service was fast and we had two great beers and our soup before we knew it. One of the best beer lists in town too! Great homemade chips and french onion dip and a locally made pretzel with great dips came next. Smelt fry was great! Very lightly breaded as advertised (nothing like the pre breaded frozen kind) and great tartar sauce. Pizza had great thin crust. We would definitely come back again for many reasons."  I wasn't expecting to fall in love with Dexter's.  I don't think one has to worry about that considering my experience.  Our food was just so...terrible.  I ordered the salmon salad  and it was like sitting there. But without the friendly faces and awesome tap line up." "Still tasty!  This is just an update to say that trivia night is only on Tuesdays now  and plenty of televisions for your viewing pleasure. The staff is always friendly and willing to recommend something." In summary: the fish fry is worth the wait & the Friday night crowd." I love the atmosphere at Dexters.  It's a great mix of people who are friendly and there to enjoy the beer food." The food is pretty mediocre. The pizza is good - they seem to make it fresh. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come here had I not lived in the neighborhood at the time. The pub quiz seems to be a good pull on Tuesdays It was a nice cozy place to wind up the end of my work week last night. To be continued..." Also a very friendly and knowledgeable staff."  and awesome beer selection that is always changing."  really. Piss-poor service that warrants nothing more than a single star. Bartenders were great  but now I'm planning to go here every Friday I can! And the beer selection is incredible. Great place with friendly service"  was surprised by the very small portion.  Fish was good though. I tried the shrimp poor boy. The bread was old and not toasted "Love this place.  Easy to feel like a local. Unbelievable how much great food comes out of such a small kitchen. And the beers are always an attraction. Some of the best craft beers in the country on tap. Nick the owner has a great knack for putting some great beers on tap.  One of our favorites. You'll never be disappointed.  The wait is long on Friday nights for fish  as well as a healthy bottled beer selection. Overall a decent experience. But come on if you are out if all the specials take'em down Brother. It's a bit frustration when you are out of half your menu and all of your specials." Went for lunch had the fish fry. Really bad over cooked just bad. Will not ever go back  I think the reason it took me so long to get here was my belief that they were cash only. I can't wait to go back" The only drawback is the wait on Fridays expect an hour plus.  They have a great beer selection to entertain your taste buds while you wait." HTplzElel_F_U_qhWuDKdg  I can't stop thinking about it. I want to have it again. Today. For lunch. But I'll exhibit some self-control and wait. Maybe I can get there this weekend......." CUOyvYzJvIf-_LjvxhmLdQ "Best fish fry in Madison "I take back what I said about the food being just ""okay"". Last time I was here I had a salmon salad that was incredible. So whatever complaints I had in 2010 no longer stand. I look forward to returning for another tasty meal."  which I felt paired well given the flavor of the brew.  This is my new favorite place on the east side of Madison!!" I'd go back for a drink on the back patio My first time to Dexter's and I would stay away.  Confused and rude staff combined with a dead mouse on the back patio as we first walked in.   We came for the Toppling Goliath tap take over and it was the most unorganized event I have ever been to!  a little tipsy from great mixed drinks and a huge beer selection and wondering when I will get to come back.  The bar staff is very friendly and attentive and I love their new TV screens showing their on tap beers.  The fish fry as mentioned is awesome and their chili fries though a tad on the oily side have incredible flavor.  They have great bloody Mary's but if you ask for spicy be prepared for good spice.  The music is great They need to go back to the old school beer chalk board." "When I lived in the neighborhood I went here a lot because it was convenient. Everything I've tried there has been A-OK. The dining room feels a little bit like a cafeteria  but they have a good selection of good ciders too.  Sadly no gluten-free beers anymore Really is the best fish fry. Try their pretzel the stone mustard and cheese dipping sauces are a must!!! "Still my favorite craft brew and a bite stop! Craft brew selection sometimes a bit on the eclectic side but always interesting. You have to see the very Cool ""live"" beer list! Anything on the menu is good and not your standard pub grub - real food. Try thin crust pizza with bacon sometime - great with some beers!  Good TVs and interesting music always in background." The food never disappoints - the garlic chili fries are the BEST. The fish fry is also worth the wait on a Friday night."  and good.  I'll definitely be back."  but certainly worth the wait.  Enjoy a drink at the bar area and unwind a bit before you're seated." Don't forget to ask for a cupcake!" HTplzElel_F_U_qhWuDKdg  a few is fine but there were a lot. I'll stick to the fried fish I think next time. Overall  icy chunks. My husband's walleye was not so excellent. Hard & over-fried. Our original waitress never checked back with us after our food was served but my husband did tell another server that the walleye coating was hard & the fish dry. Her reply to him was that she'd would tell Joe on Monday... How does that help my husband? We'd heard rave reviews about this place but not sure we're willing to give it another try based on inconsistent fare." HTplzElel_F_U_qhWuDKdg  and I love their daily food drink specials. They make their dressings and soups from scratch. I feel super lucky that Dexters is my neighborhood tavern!!!"  seemed like a nice neighborhood spot and friendly patrons all enjoying a Friday night  this made the experience very pleasant.!All the people there  eating were equally as pleasant and the breaded cod and walleye "Been to Dexter's a couple of times now. Food is good. Really like the BBLT. Great beer selection. I love the digital beer menu board that tells you good info on the beer  great beer selection (especially love the color coded items!). But "One of the best places to go for craft beers in Madison.  24 tap lines always have a varied selection of craft brews.  They host events regularly with tap takeovers or beer dinners.  This week is craft beer week and they have some of the best lineups of the week.  Even with being slammed the service is good.  The food is excellent.  The garlic-chili fries are a must.  My friend had the BBLT which is a BLT with brisket.  The brisket was more like pot roast "Great craft beer menu. An unexpected gem. I ordered the Catfish po boy Amazing selection of beer and have never had a bad meal there! Highly recommend on Friday night for the fish fry. Good prices on both alcohol and food  delicious Reuben!! I wasn't sure who I was tipping Is it the best burger in Madison? I don't think so. It's not very well seasoned and the massive amount of meat is hard to handle. Is it an adventure in fun townie bar that has good cocktails? Yes."  the price was awesome.  I'd go back if it weren't for the lousy service.  Maybe I should buy  a new Electra-Glide next time I want a taco."  but I will avoid ever going back.  We went to Taco Tuesday and were greeted with horrible service and even worse food.  I did not come here expecting anything nice or classy I can not wait to try their hot ham and cheese.  It comes with two HUGE slices of ham.  They have brunch on Sundays.  I am talking myself down from finding any excuse to go there again." QdSGdvZATzejDkSs435Rdw  juicy and flavorful as always.  They are not trying to dress up the place or make things so fancy.  The truth is Want to like this pub.  Big helpings but so so taste. Some of staff good others could care less.  Seem to cater to regulars mostly.  I would be one if not for crummy staff at times. The sole employee on hand was nice and quite accommodating. The prices are low This is a great place to eat if you are very hungry. Portions are huge and the price is small. First time here was taco Tuesday.  Trust me you only need one. Tacos are huge and taste pretty good. Second time I went I had the bacon cheese burger. Huge burger with tons of bacon. Same person was working both nights. Very friendly and great service. Will be back again.  it was welcoming and clean (with that trait mercifully extending to the bathroom). If you're looking for a Northwoods-like night within Madison city limits  customers. Looks like they have ""regulars"" but don't let that bother you give them a lil conversation and they'll warm right up to you. Again amazing food. We're going to come in for breakfast tomorrow. Can't wait" Kay served the best drinks and the best burger I ever had in my life . Love this place  ever..." Nice country bar.you will not go home hungry and the big bloody Mary is very tasty.they have daily specials and big breakfasts.  and cheap drinks.  Typical WI dive bar with good food." All in all an ok meal for the price. It was not blow me away good like I had heard but I guess they are known for their burgers so that is on my list for next time." Amazing burgers!  Go hungry! Food is reasonably priced and Sunday breakfast is huge! They have long happy hours and drink specials daily. A gem neighborhood bar Small and cozy neighborhood bar!" still a solid 4 star for what it is.."  and we love that he's going out of his way to buy local ingredients and beer. He's got House of Brews on tap even! Unusual fact - the inside of the bathroom stalls are painted with chalkboard paint and have chalk available to write messages. We really don't have complaints at this point. We're excited to try their brunch soon!"  eleven beers and a shot.  Don't ask me why I thought it'd be a good idea for my date and I to drink that much alcohol  but their Friday fish fry is worth going. The perch or walleye is what you should get. Even though it was busy when we were there  and someone standing by the door smiled and asked us to come back soon.  I can't say enough about how friendly everyone here is.  It looks like a burned out biker bar  but it just couldn't stand up to the grease from the meat and the onslaught of fried onions and the juice of tomato. I would recommend it "Really enjoy this place.Cod is still exceptional.Prices up a bit due to cost increase on fish.Service continues to be friendly and attentive.Added bonus  but true fish fry happiness awaits! I have been going to this place for about one year.  The first time we went later around 9 pm or so and a lot of the fish was gone.  I had an amazing hamburger instead  and Ale Asylum.  We took in some of the preseason Packer game One piece of advice: We got there on Friday at 5:15 and it took about 30 minutes for our food to come out. The table next to us had people sit down at about 6:00  and to watch a little bit of the Badger game.  I haven't been to the Villa Tap in years. The place hasn't changed a bit.  Great neighbor hood bar.  The only down fall was--it was a little busy and took a little longer than I would have liked to get me beer.  Other that that great time--tap beer $2.50."  solid food with no frills." If you're from the North or east side and wanna see every washed up coke snorter/asshole from high school this is the place to go... I also had a tasty Bloody Mary my last visit." J2AiPQnKWBxBwc4MMkbH8w "If you are looking for great bar food this is the spot on the NE side of town.  Most people rave about the Friday fish and burgers  but we went at 7:30 p.m.  on a Friday night and with the wait we didn't eat until 9:30 p.m. The wait was just too long and the service did not make up for it. If we did go back it would have to be at 5:30 p.m."  but the shrimp is my go-to for good Friday night eating. Get there early though as the wait after six or so can be VERY long." "Another enjoyable and tasty visit..Tried bluegill this time which was excellent!... Service remains very good.. This really has become my ""go to"" fish fry."  nice crowd. Friendly. A good solid stop on the North side. When you enter  Burgers.  All ridiculous.  Chico seems like a great guy.  Friendly staff.  Amazing bar food.  Amazing."  we found the back porch to be the perfect size for our large-ish group to lay claim to."  head to Mickey's. This is a bar for men and women who work for a living (not that type of work social workers and academics do The drink glasses are huge and they actually make a good drink.  The juke box is awesome.  One pool table with some video poker.  Some of the best sweet and salty bar snacks in the neighborhood.  They also have a free Thanksgiving and Christmas feast.  It is the only bar in the neighborhood that will stay open until two as long as there is one person there...  so I admit I'm missing something but this game was just plain boring in my book. 4 stars for having a functioning (and new!) pinball machine - I bet Walking Dead fans will feel differently than I do about this one." TLjnOhDnazyPJmI8LqU5-g The large Blatz sign out front is their calling card and the drink is always cold. So prepare for your hangover tomorrow Proceed at your own risk..." This place SUCKS!  Every time I go in here it depresses the shit out of me.  People say it's haunted and I would agree - haunted by degenerates and meth heads.  I always say I'll never go back but that never happens... Their so called ""Wing"" night....what a joke for .25 you get small wings that look like the chicken were diseased and on their death bed or they might just be baby rats."  fun clientele! My favorite place to hang out!" "Oh my gosh this place is great. The bartender is so sweet and remembered my friends' names when they walked in. The pbr was cheap "I can't ask for much more in a small bar than friendly service "Another east-side dive bar... not great I had a beer and a very good whisky sour. Looking forward to heading back soon."  but hopefully that says more about how great Madison is than it does about my (potentially) overly-optimistic ratings."  I'm happy that the place is finally open. A welcome addition to the neighborhood." I have high expectations of customer service and Tip Top Tavern failed  especially when we can bike there during warmer months!" All in all I really liked the ambiance (but I'd go early so I can hear better) and appreciate the reasonably priced & yummy options for both vegetarians and carnivores.  I hope they are able to work out the kinks along the way (i.e. Great for those who prefer unique destinations over corporate chains." But I think I'd still rather just go to Mickey's!" The small touches in design elevate the interior from the ordinary in an entirely pleasing way.  Tip Top is a great addition to the neighborhood and I look forward to enjoying it again soon." What I can say is this is my favorite all-around bar. Justin is a good down to earth guy. Even when it's busy he takes time to talk and makes custom drinks. I can definitely say Tip Top has the best mixed drinks in town. Add the tasteful decor and the decent pub food and this is one of the best neighborhood/dive bars in Madison." I came in yesterday with a pretty big group of ten plus we sat on the patio which was very nice. The waitress was very polite and was checking on us pretty consistently :).  This was the first time I had been there since it was redone and I really liked how it looked.  My friend and I tried the Chipotle Chicken and Wild Rice soup it was so delicious even on that very hot day so kudos to that!  I also tried one of the fried pickles with the sauce it came with it was also very good! Had a good time here.  and this sets the bar for us for the balance of our summer Saturday dining trek." They were surprisingly not busy last night probably due to the extensive road work currently happening right in front and all around the building. Now would be a great time to check them out if you haven't  great service and a friendly atmosphere.  Hope you do well Tip Top!" I love Tip Top Tavern's sister restaurant - Lazy Janes - and I would like to come back for brunch.  And  but I think there are better options a few minutes away."  but I hope it gets better because we really like the place. Was kind of embarrassing to have so many issues on my son's first visit "Bar looks great and seems like an excellent addition to Madison's east side. Service was quick and responsive. The items off the regular menu were fine. I had the Seitan Philly (no cheese) and my sister-in-law the Tuna So Gouda. It was the special that was a total dud. My wife and brother both ordered the taco special Cash is King...no credit/debit cards.  Everything is delicious and reasonably priced.  I have made it a point to try everything on their menu.  So far my favorite dish was a ""man maker"" walleye sandwich (Saturday special) with their own in house remoulade sauce.  You will require extra napkins.  The fried pickles are really good too... you may need to get some extra Tip Top sauce.  Bloodies and Brunch on the patio are a must.  They also have several specialty adult beverages... I would highly recommend the Ghost Mary.  The tap list caters to my ever changing palate... with Nitro on tap as well.  Overall Brunch was a few days ago and nearer to memory. I stopped in with a friend who ordered the pastrami hash and I had the veggie benedict. Mint and avocado? Apparently delicious! My only minor complaint on the benedict was that the tomatoes weren't quite ripe  as was the food.   The veggie patty was excellent! I like the coffee bar so that you don't have to wait for someone to refill your cup.   I will go back." But man -- don't go when there's even a chance it will be busy  but two people sitting at the bar or a table will be a-ok. Perhaps a larger group might have trouble hearing each other  it's hard to believe your in the same bar. I really thought they took down a wall or something. I've found the staff friendly and have had many fun conversations at the bar." The bar is cozy and it was a fun place to eat.  We might return just to drink a good beer and eat cheese curds in a nice atmosphere."  the food was good and the prices were very reasonable.  It is cash-only so make sure you have some on hand when you go there. We will definitely be back!" "Let's be honest here.  I like reubens.  Tip Top has best reuben I have had in Madison.  Best.  Here it is folks.  I probably shouldn't let you in on this because that's one less reuben for me.  This bad boy has the perfect balance of thick cut pastrami "Soooo happy to report that our most recent visit Oh and it gets one more star for replacing the old tavern which was mostly a place to buy cocaine and drink yourself to death.  Just the sort of upgrade the neighborhood could use." Not quite sure it was good enough to unseat Quivey's Grove at the ""Tip Top"" of my fish fry list HIGHLY recommend and we will be back!" After my last two very disappointing meals at the bar down the street  and the food is very good.  The cocktail menu is pretty creative too.  We've been there for breakfast on the weekends and dinner and I would recommend both.  Can get a little loud in there when it's rockin' The best. Period.  The best fish fry the best ambience the best drinks.   Simply the best. "We stopped for drinks and ended up eating dinner here. My Rooster was fabulous-- a BLT with a fried egg-- how could it not be delicious?? The service was spotty. At one point we had to go inside and ask someone to come out and take our drink order. The outdoor seating area is really nice Amazing. Such a delish fish fry. The cod is beyond perfect. The atmosphere is unique and cute; an amazing outdoor area. You can't go wrong coming here for drinks and dinner! Very reasonably priced as well!! Al makes a wicked bloody Mary at brunch." "We stopped for drinks and ended up eating dinner here. My Rooster was fabulous-- a BLT with a fried egg-- how could it not be delicious?? The service was spotty. At one point we had to go inside and ask someone to come out and take our drink order. The outdoor seating area is really nice To note:  Parking lot is for three or four cars. But there was ample street parking on the Tuesday evening.  Weekend may be busier but worth a walk/bike in." I hope to see a more extensive menu but the size of the kitchen makes a small menu understandable." No longer dog friendly.  We went there because of the mention on YELP that dogs were welcome but were turned away. Too bad for them! Hoping to stop by for brunch and looking forward to what I hope will be a much better experience.  And next time I will get the cod  let me preface this by saying that this was our first and only trip to this place (also my first ever negative review).  My girlfriend wanted to go to the Black Sheep Bazaar they were having I almost gave it one star so it doesn't become too crowded.  Almost." "My husband and I are new to the neighborhood. This past Saturday my mom and sister were over to help with some much needed yard work so we took them to the Tip Top for dinner as a thank you. There was a funky yard sale type event happening on their patio that we checked out while waiting for our food. I had the Vedge burger What a experience!! We met the owner and friends and it was on from there! Great food drink atmosphere man if you want a good time with people who have the same thinking as you this is the place! Will definitely come back!! JJFoeKZXgi2_LeECDMkkoQ  the ATM charges a $2 fee.  Honestly this really annoys me because it is the servers who end up paying for it.  We left a good tip but I know a lot of people are not going to want to after being charged $2 plus whatever their bank charges just to get $$ to pay for dinner.  Honestly I think it is a greedy policy and they should change it (or do what Jennifer street market does and refund the ATM fee for those who need to use the ATM).  Their servers deserve better."  in a great way!!!  We had the special of the day which was a blue gill sandwich with fresh coleslaw on it- it was excellent.  It's going to be our new date night spot!!!" "Cash only good service not a sports bar people with class mix crowd come here words cant explain very exquisite place to stop by good beer collection on tap felt like home with little culture to it from Washington What a experience!! We met the owner and friends and it was on from there! Great food drink atmosphere man if you want a good time with people who have the same thinking as you this is the place! Will definitely come back!! JJFoeKZXgi2_LeECDMkkoQ  the menu at TT hasn't changed in quite a while. I am sure I'm more sensitive to this because I can frequent this more often than a west-sister "Favorite place for Sunday brunch! Great coffee and Bloody Mary's The only downside is that their cash only Absolutely amazing  food and the best craft brew selection.  Great atmosphere and service.  The Texas Brisket tacos were over the top.  Stopped in on a Monday and enjoyed live music in a cozy beer garden.   Well done Al!  on Madison's underestimated Northside. Service is fast and prompt. I ordered the made to order burger which came with generous toppings and cooked to perfection. My grandma had the Tip Top burger with kettle chips and a delicious homemade onion dip. I had a side of cheese curds that were crispy on the outside Stopped in for lunch with my Daughter.  We had a great time.  Good food and the service was wonderful.  The remodel is very well done.  I'll be back.  but the burgers (veggie and regular) are very good as well. It's bar food at its very best. Hot chips with dipping sauce are good too! There's often bands on the weekends "Some of the best bar food in the state.  Burgers and Pizza are always a fantastic choice.  Entertainment is hit or miss  but we probably wouldn't come back during dinner hour  but some drunk regular yelled at us for ordering from the menu instead of the ""board.""  Unpleasant." KHOHjA8HOcTlFBCtMQFv8A  one half the main bar area and the other a large space with family-style tables where groups gather and bands sometimes play at night.  Here you will find the livers of the pure Madison lifestyle celebrating their lives.  These people are happy and they might just make you happy too." As always a smoke free environment is worth driving to Madison for."  gin & tonics were $3 each on a Friday night." KHOHjA8HOcTlFBCtMQFv8A  and just the right amount of toppings.  The chips were great too... at first.  Though I have to say that they started to feel a bit heavy about half way through.  They're still good You've been warned. You certainly won't catch me sitting at this bar ever again."  it's not worth going there if you're going to encounter hostility when you want something from the bar.  There are too many other fun places to go in Madison for anyone to have to put up with the miserable buzz killing atmosphere that prevails at The ""Harmony""."  attentive staff. Great beers on tap. No snobs and the place has a sense of humor about itself. It's good stuff." Cheers to the Harmony!"  although there is an ATM if you forget to." "The perfect place for the near-east side. Good to very good drinks (depending on the bar tender) and yummy pub food -- especially the walnut burger. It has a workaday feel "Attended Harmony bar to watch the Peoples Brothers Band.  The band was great and I was awarded 3rd place in their costume contest.  I ordered several drinks at this establishment and it was never clear to me what the beer selections were. Regardless I've had some decent experiences here throughout my life.  Many friends work there etc.  Good neighborhood spot.  Solid 7/10 bar food that won't blow your mind.  Some servers and bartenders are nicer than others.  Also this place has some good live music and is somewhat famous for blues acts.  It's a good place to go if you live in the hood but I would skip if if you are visiting. I had a walnut burger coupled with your hot blue cheese chips...it was ok. This is a classic Wisconsin Tavern and I enjoyed watching football at the Harmony.  No bullshit here.  as are the pretzels. Keith and staff do a great job. Plenty of local brews on tap."  but the walnut burger at The Harmony is quite spectacular & totally unique - great flavor This is my neighborhood bar. It is dependable and predictable. My favorite dish is the chicken breast plate with the Asian noodles. The chicken is moist and flavorful every time. I love their homemade chips with blue cheese but I try to steer clear. I always pray that someone else at the table will order them and I can sneak a few . Stolen food has no calories... Really.  but the staff and general feel of the bar (I love the old school jukebox!) makes it 5 stars for me."  better than many restaurants and priced right. You cant go wrong. Under new ownership but this hasn't affected quality. Great blues bar too." Good bar food. Cash only . Seat yourself first come first sere. The walnut burger was decent and had the warm chips and blue cheese dips was not bad . Very cozy place with banquet style seating. Don't waste your time - spend your money at Mickey's Tavern or Crystal Corner instead."  the tables in the main dining area are plastic. They're the exact same tables that you played beer pong on in college. I feel like The Harmony excels in spite of its dive bar atmosphere The Walnut Burger w/ blue cheese and onion rings rock. Alaskan Amber to quench the hirst. This is the first place I go when introducing new people to Madison's east side. It has a great bar atmosphere "Bartenders and clientele not as bad as a fart. Food is good. If you're looking for random stimulating conversation though  we are greeted with a gruff ""ID's?"" that oozed ""we don't  want you here."" I was of age but not planning on drinking. I'd left my ID in the car but this abhorrent ""hospitality"" was enough to make us leave and never come back. I heard from family their food has gone down in quality so I am glad I'm not missing much.  I'll continue recreating my own version of grilled cheese meets Reuben at home." Not fancy but who needs it??"  the music schedule is phenomenal. A steady supply of Madison bands (not nearly enough People Brothers Band) and other acts from around the Midwest. The vibe is always chill Five stars instead of four if only they had a fire grill and not just a flat grill."  but good). Every time I've gone it's been pretty empty and the bar feels a bit dirty (I'm a fan of dive bars but something about this one was a bit too much for me).  Maybe if it had been full I wouldn't have noticed.  While service here has been adequate some of the staff seem to have a very negative attitude towards the customers.  They are generally curt  then they'll give you a number (or not if its not busy) and bring your food to you"  we were going to remove this place off our list of places to go if the food and service wasn't' up to par and now we won't. I hope who ever owns the place now will keep an eye on the food and service so  that us old loyal customers don't give it a thumbs down. That one previous bartender in August is all it takes to start a landslide of customers who will not go back. Hopefully  she is gone or retrained to be nice. Thats all it takes." The bartenders/staff on a Friday night are outstanding. They are in to what they do and that makes a difference having someone that is attentive and friendly. good mix of tap beers (couple IPAs) and cannot go wrong with their pizza. Reasonably priced. one area of improvement when they don't have bands. let the employees be in control of the music. It can get loud in there and be nice to tune out a few loud patrons. They are probably tired of the jukebox selections anyhow. (I am :)Oh also I have seen some stingy people tip there. Come on old folks they are working hard. Change is not acceptable in this day in age!  which is a problem of perception as much as anything. The ""townie"" atmosphere makes you assume your $20 will last all night with change left over. Not nearly true. The times I've been there  they had live music- that was funny. The shuffleboard table is great also." Woody Anne's is not the worst place.  It's also not the best place - a definite dive but also that seedy kinda dive that makes you want to take a shower.  At least it feels that way.  The people are nice - it's not a rough crowd.  So I guess there's really no logic backing my feelings up but I guess that's why they are called feelings.  Happy drinking!  Oh and they have shuffleboard! this place has a shuffleboard table and a nice dive bar ambiance.  Don the weeknight bartender was voted best bartender in Madison by the Isthmus' reader's choice poll. pSYCSXgabSKKJrIEJG-FLQ pSYCSXgabSKKJrIEJG-FLQ  and totally cheap. I love hanging out here." "This is definitely a true Midwest neighborhood type bar! Sadly - those are hard to find when living so close to the capitol so I was very happy when someone brought me here. It's small  veggies and dip and was making them a pizza  and more food that was just for them -  we all got to watch them eat but no sharing with us -  we both had 3 drinks and I played the machines - found this to be very rude - will not go back - he asked us to come for Karaoke but he did not know when it was and after spending money down there - if you are not a regular we felt we did not matter."  2 is plenty with fries) and the ""Godfather"" sandwich (also huge). Drink specials at night are super cheap. I think they have $3 pitchers every night."  which is definitely more worth it than the half for a dollar cheaper or so) and they give you such a big portion that it lasts you days and days and it still tastes so good when you microwave it up!!  Their garlic bread's not the best  i still only politely ask for two and fries.  i don't want anyone to think he's still an asshole.  :)"  if you will). These are seriously the BEST ever. The breading I'm not sure I'd spend a night here drinking Minus one star for the basement bar inspiring claustrophobia that I didn't know I had." iCOvcfVRfi-f05aeqBLpKg "" but the nightlife is mediocre at best.  On Friday night  I still love you Geo's..but you are no longer in my selective 5 star club." Thumbs down!!! Again!!! Unfortunately!!!"  I love the chicken fingers so much I still order from Geovanti's once a month or so.  They're good enough for me to sometimes ignore how bad everything else is."  it's all about the chicken.  I have to knock them a couple stars because they serve everything in styrofoam.  And because the restaurant doesn't have A/C.  You'll probably want to have them deliver."  a just OK band was playing awkward covers (Gin Blossoms? Really?) at absolutely unbelievable volumes. So maybe it's not the bar I would pick first (at least  I wouldn't order this too often or you might die of an heart attack or a clogged artery because these babies are drenched in grease. I mean I feel like this restaurant would be a lot more efficient if they only did Chicken Strips because they wouldn't have to deal with the other bullshit they make."  it was packed and I expected my order of five chicken strips to take maybe at the most 20 minuets. What I didn't expect was for my order to take 40. The worst part was that I saw others who had ordered after me getting served before me. In one case a guy paid 5 bucks to get his order filled earlier than others. To cap it off I asked if I could keep my receipt so I could come back the next day and complain as it had a time stamp of my order. The goon behind the counter told me that I couldn't keep it and he subsequently tore it up in front of me. I don't think I will ever return." TL;DR  Geovanti's has good quality food and I somewhat overreacted in my first review. At 2:00 in the morning I should have expected a long wait and I shouldn't blame the overworked and overwhelmed staff. I will go back and I urge others to go as well." iCOvcfVRfi-f05aeqBLpKg  but this place had delicious as hell chicken fingers. But that's all. Not much else to it." I wonder how many people come in late night stoned with the munchies....."  then the food here is ok and the wait for it won't seem too long. Under those conditions The only downside with this place is you have to be ready for a wait if you're going around dinner time or after the bars close because it gets packed. But at the same time you know it's good if there's a line out the door every night!  I miss you Geovanti's!" best chicken strips of all time. done.  and I've had some of them. And that's about all I have to say about that."  and slower-than-the-second-coming-of-christ delivery. The only thing that kept us coming back was their awesome chicken strips. However  most restaurants have issues and even fail these inspections Honey mustard and BBQ sauce. All day." If you do make your way to Geo's for the chicken strips "I love the chicken strips from here.  They have the best ranch dressing that I have ever had!   I ordered a salad with my chicken strips and was a little disappointed because I asked for no onion and when I opened my salad The chicken strips and honey mustard are what brought me back down from Chicago time and time again. Very happy that these two pieces of gold can be found in Lincoln Park! Rude staff + Amazing food = Dinner and a show. Fights with drunk/stupid customers never get old." Go forth.  Chug a beer.  Join the Mug Club." One standout moment - to the two dudes in head to toe Carhart and stocking caps who obviously selected Scissor Sister's ""Don't Feel Like Dancin'"" from the jukebox  and take in some of the history at the Inn... It's a Champaign institution." 5a8dkjI7yXwmBvBB7XRc2A  legit dive bar still remaining in campustown.  Cheap beer and a small place that isn't always crowded (shocking given its location).  People have since told me that they took out many of the things that made Illini Inn great---pinball machines  but a good one. The Mug Club is fun and makes this dive worth the visit. Chug an Old Style and remember your number to get your Mug Club membership card back. Good stuff."  it's nice that it's an over 21 crowd.  Great location- a campus town secret."  as I remember it was in the triple digits. Going back for at least one beer this weekend before the football game. I post if this perfect dive bar is even close to what it used to be."  the place was as good as I remembered it. A lot of alums with their original mug club cards.  While there were still a lot of students so that the place didn't look like a retirement home You will see me here again for sure." "The one and only place to go for a beer in between periods during Illini hockey games. Far enough away from Green Street that it doesn't see the same crowds "It's not a good bar but that's what's so great about it.  Not many college bars in the Champaign Urbana district have been able to withstand the abominable pseudo pretentiousness of underage patrons wearing their Hawks jerseys and throwback gear while they stumble around incoherently listening to the top 40 soundtrack.  But the inn is entirely untainted.  It may smell sometimes and it may be hard to convince your friends do go there.  But so what  and sadly hasn't been used in decades.  Just came across mine as I was scanning business cards.  I'll need to go back and see if they'll still take it!  Hopefully they don't let anyone else downstairs anymore.  Upstairs  but without a heavy Illini feel.  I first started going because I was underage and they didn't card way back when  especially if there is a good game on! The food is awesome too for bar food. They have a great chicken sandwich with french fries. Add a tastey Guiness to complete your meal!"  and an institution at the U of I.  They've expanded so now there's more room to groove. Great-tasting burgers.  A bit on the small side "Best burger and fries in town  and the number of 14 year olds skanks less overwhelming than anywhere else on campus (except firehaus I went back to campus a few years ago and found they had expanded - it's a little disconcerting I still have dreams of Wednesday lunch.  Bacon Mega Cheeseburger and Fries for $4.  I would give my left arm for a Murphy Burger on some days.  and I thought it was the greatest bar ever at the time. However What could really improve this place is better music.  The jukebox is too susceptible to people with bad music tastes.  Also Go there on a weeknight to get the optimal experience."  do they? They just come for the booze. They serve the typical junk food and it is very crowded during the weekends. They have a few specials too There are plenty of booths and tables to sit and play some cards (drinking may or may not accompany said card games...)  Overall  good strong drinks (if you know the bartenders) and decent specials. After 12 there are definitely lines Thursday-Saturday nights If you go here stick with weekdays. On weekdays it's actually a pretty nice place to hang out with friends."  they were delicious. Their burgers made me real sick once but I got over it. If I'm going to a campus bar The specials here are also pretty sweet - yay for logo glass night.  Overall  including $1.50 pints of Point on Fridays.  The teriyaki chicken sandwich is average (a little too heavy on the teriyaki)  good drink specials. More casual than some of the other Green St. bars."  and Irish Nachos are awesome." Decent drinks + chill atmosphere + Irish Nachos (oh God yes) + lack of sketchy people grinding on you = WIN.  you need to get their early. Sometimes the jukebox leads to very questionable music."  but anything more than a polo shirt would be over-dressed for guys."  and the grimy feel of the bar is palatable after a drink or two.  One caveat: they have the nastiest--nastiest bathroom.  It's hideous.  Ugh."  yumm!  The fries has got to be the most deep fried small pieces of actual potato heaven I ever had and $3 pints of Guinness drafts."  great specials on drinks. ($2 Woodchuck Thursdays!)"  we'd go when the bacon cheeseburgers were on special - OMG so yummy and incredibly greasy.  They also have loaded waffle fries that are awesome."  on Thursdays you can pay 4.50 for a beer and get a glass. Then refills of said beer are only 2.50! Pretty sick. The next thing I've got to try here is the food. Also You can't call your bar-hop night a barcrawl if you don't stop here. The food is good  they make their money on all the younger students going out partying on weekends.  I head to downtown champaign for the weekends."  this bar is chill and fun at the same time. It's not as chill as Legends (granted Legends may have more seating) but I don't think you'll get the same experience when comparing the bars." "Thursday $2 any pint and they have two brothers (and dead guy) on tap? Yesssss. Also their fries are probably the best on Green St and their burgers ain't too shabby either. The only thing I can't understand is the ridiculously long line to get in after 9pm  you can count me in as a fan. The expansion has made it much easier to walk around the bar on the weekend nights when everyone is cramming in. Finding seating is less of a rat race  it's an institution here at the U of I. You can get cheap brewskis and cheap burgers and neither are bad. It's usually crowded Thursdays so I try to keep away."  this is as good as it gets. A great place to gather with a small group of friends and drink some beer."  which is kind of a bummer if you want Irish nachos on game-day because it's not on the menu.  The jukebox is great (every fricking song by The Black Keys can be found on there) and there are loads of flat screens to catch whatever game is on.  If you get there early  definitely hit up this place! It's a cherished favorite."  this is a good location for lunch. The late afternoon and evening hours will be a little louder." "I miss me a big ole' Murphy Burger with Bacon and Cheddar  and average joes. The beers on tap are always good and remain pretty simple. They always have specials too  so I may be partial.  The food isn't anything to fawn over but is good (and cheap) enough to wash down with a beer."  so I have no idea if that took care of some of the overcrowding problems.  I sincerely doubt it did anything about the disgusting sticky floors."  from when it was a little campus bar to its current ever-expanding state.  Can't beat Wednesday night - Bacon Mega Cheeseburger special night.  Usually good fries  not with all the other places in town now where you can get some good eats."  but fries come free with any sandwich on Sundays I think. I find it odd that your order from a window "" like 10 other people already did that so you might not hear your songs at all.  And you'll probably have to sit through a lot of stupid crap that other people picked out before you get to any good music.  I guess it just depends on the crowd.  Either way  you can still have a conversation with the person next to you. If you are here for food  as do the loyal community of regulars who hang out here.   My only wish for the place is that the bartenders would know a bit more about what beers they serve.  When I asked what they had on tap (expecting to be handed a beer list) the bartender responded: ""I don't know...We have a lot""."  definitely get the Irish nachos sometime.  There really isn't anything Irish about them  fry and beer.  You can't go wrong.  Fries are great!"  but I'm wondering what the differences are in color for the bar tabs." This is a great place to just chill whether it with friends or if you just failed an exam and you need a drank lol. They have great drink deals and good food too. I recommend trying the Irish nachos. They have different specials everyday too. "The Murph!  Great atmosphere and so many memories.  Our favorite place to go for logo nights on Wednesdays and the bar we always come back to when we return to Champaign.  There's usually a mixed crowd  I highly advise you to pass this place up." "Its basically the ""How I met Your Mother Bar"" A place where you go to sit I have nothing but the fondest memories of Murphy's Pub. There's nothing ritzy about it  but not really outstanding. I also feel like this place goes through an identity crisis with its loud blaring music that can shift from club music to country music (electronic jukebox-style). Don't come here if you expect to watch a sports event of some sort  I ordered Irish Nachos without bacon (because I'm vegetarian). The order (which is just fries with cheese and nacho toppings) took an hour. Once I got my order "The first rating was over-generous.  It's still good Thursdays are phenomenal because it's $2 pints. Any pint for just $2. You'll never beat that. I hear they may have upped it to $2.50 but that's a good variety of decent quality pints for just $2.50. Go out with a $10 bill and you'll have an awesome night. That simple  and when I returned recently it was just the same as I remember it. It's a divey atmosphere so they almost never have cover (only on Homecoming weekend and the like) and the vibe is very relaxed. Old school high top tables and wooden booths have been etched and written on until there's very little left of the original finish thank god i love this place. except the servers. and not all are bad  the memories make the place and thats pretty much how Murphys survives."  but it's my favorite place in Campustown and a really good bar overall." One of my favorite places to have a beer in Champaign.  Usually good drink specials and a good juke box.  Irish Nachos are a must if you're hungry!  and the pub is the  cleanest on campus." "I LOVE Murphy's! It has a great campus bar feel. Its a perfect location for campus for in between classes. A beer for everyone here because their draft list is extensive. My bartender was helpful and super nice! Would definitely recommend anyone to come here for lunch used to go before we hit the club. Nice to have a large group and sit down and shout out conversations. I remembered thursday is like an unofficial international day. Heard they had good fries; I always look for a nice pub when visiting different cities. I saw this while walking on campus and decided to check it out.... Staff not friendly or sociable... Maybe it's because Im from the south and use to hospitality ....but damn how about a smile and a conversation I WAS ONLY PERSON at the bar.. I even tried to get a convo going... I know my opinion isn't going to close the bar but as a former bartender who OWNs a company now .... Customer Service is what will make you $$$.  cheap and fun. This is always a good place to have a beer after a long day working  beers good enough for a campus bar. Exactly what you expect." Skip it and save yourself a possible trip to the dentist." Nice bar to grab food and a beer at. Service from bartenders is mediocre. Atmosphere is Irish-feeling but feels kinda meh nice selection of beer and they have Green Line on tap! the bartender who was there when we went was great at recommendations for all different tastes. cheap prices and a cool divey feel. Murphy's Pub is an awesome place to be any day or night of the week. The food and drink selections are great and fairly priced. The pub has several billiards tables  2 stars for food quality and 1 for service. The female bartender that took our lunch order had ZERO personality. They make you pay up front for your food. Every time I said ""Thank-you"" to the bartender Dropped in on a Saturday afternoon and the place was empty. We sat at a table by the bar and the bartender said we have no servers so you have to order here. We looked at the menu and standard bar food nothing different than others. Being Saturday and plenty of college games on but just not happening here. Most likely a lively place later and could be decent to hang. Just did not work this time. "What a shit hole! Came here for a drink and a burger and I never made it that far. It was almost 4 in the afternoon and I sat at a pub table. My sleeve got stuck to the table. A voice came from behind the bar that said. If you want drinks or food A great place to have a good beer. And you must try the Irish Nachos if you go there. Some reviewers seem not to like ordering at the bar. Boo hoo it's not like a long walk. Classic campus bar.  and frankly seems kind of dead. Beer deals are decent and pub food is very standard. The bar is huge however "Solid burger and fries for cheap. Good beer selection for campus town and reasonably priced. Overall "Old people on the college strip had a blast Food: Food service is poor though the food is fairly good. We waited an unusually long time for two burgers. We began to think something was wrong so we peeked into the kitchen (after asking a server and having to wait more) and it looked like the cook was cooking away... And then he ate the food. I get it... If I were working all night I'd get hungry too. But it's kind of strange delaying orders for an absurdly long time so that the cook can prepare and eat food from scratch." "Great Service this morning and my Aunt left her wallet there and they kept it all safe One of the 2 best bars on campus (the other being Legend's). This place is always low key and not one of the crazy loud bars all the underclassmen go to. You can usually find a place to sit down and the tables have years of writing carved into them.  this place was alright. I was excited to see that they had spicy cheese bites which thrilled me because growing up in Wisconsin consuming cheese curds while at the bar is a must. These were a rendition of the cheese curd but a very sub par one. The cheese inside was not hot enough so the cheese didn't squish out when eating them  go for it!  If you want something a bit more upscale with servers and non-bar food "Five stars is probably due to some heavy nostalgia sentiment for me. My friends went to Murphy's for each and every one of our 21st birthdays for that first drink. Always had a great time. Beyond that  but not the most comfortable bar. Good deals. A bit crowded. still a good memory of being where my first legal US drink was. Great owner."  for what it is?  Perfect."  there is only one thing you should really order at Murphy's and that is the Irish Nachos. Waffle fries covered in cheese  a good time and I'll definitely be back." Great bar for hanging out with colleagues. Just have to get over the employee with Ramen-like hair who kept on yelling jibberish for no apparent reason I can't attest to the food since we came strictly to drink Love this place and it will always have a special place in my heart forever being a graduate from UIUC. There still killing the Irish nachos. "A great local dive bar. The place is interesting and has a comfortable low key feel. I'll never forget going into the place on Halloween a few years back and seeing the bartender dressed as the bee girl from the Blind Melon video  a quick wit and a kindness that comes across right away. I can definitely see this as a place to go back to."  and you make me happy."  and it has not been updated either.  Still an interesting and fun place for a visit every once in a while  but it's a great little stop on impromptu pub crawls  a bit outside the box? stop in. Are you a douche? eh  but I expect the beer to be good.  The Brass Rail is a diaper.  I ordered a PBR draft and it was easily the skunkiest beer I have ever tasted:  creamy at first "I always end up being dragged here and I don't know why! The beer selection & seating are virtually non existent. Oh yeah  which actually makes it incredibly special in its own right.  If you're looking for a crowd or somewhere that offers an copious selection of beer and liquors 6X7vAFv-Xj1TPcrJK7H2Eg  but the grime is too much for me.  Even downstairs.  I went up stairs for the first time last night  and to see the newest and most up n coming bands before they hit the real stages in town.  And what's more:  No one's Beer Garden even comes close to being as good as Mike N Molly's.  Not even in the realm. This place is grand."  you'll find me at the end of the bar chatting with friends when I'm back in Champaign."  there is a cover charge (a whopping $1) on nights without live music.  Makes up for the cheap beer  off-the-beaten path spot.  AWESOME beer garden.  Nothing beats it on a summer night with a group of friends." Mike & Molly's does tend to get busy late (around 1:30 -1:45am) but otherwise its generally possible to walk in with your party and get a table to sit at.    The staff is friendly and at the right times (when there not 10 people in line behind you) they are willing to help you find a beer on the menu that you might enjoy." They have drink specials Sunday - Thursday  so take my five stars with a grain of salt.  My partner just sleepily informed me that it's definitely a four star bar because it's too small inside  the best part is that it runs from cheap to expensive so you can drink what you can afford depending on the night. The place has a good dive feel  my friends and I were at Mike and Molly's drinking for about 2 hours when we were approached and asked to pay a cover charge for the punk-indie band that was about to take the stage.  Not only was the band horrendous  there's still karaoke after! (And ever since someone performed Just a Gigolo 6X7vAFv-Xj1TPcrJK7H2Eg  but it's as good as Champaign gets if you're looking for a beer garden."  especially with shows happening. It's also nice that they have karaoke and all kinds of board games laying around. It's a very casual and chill atmosphere Great staff and selection.  The atmosphere is casual and vey relaxed. Great hang. They have a lot to offer! Check this place out."  this bar does have a weakness if you spend an entire evening settled in at the bar---it's the last gasp stop for local hipsters to hook up.  It's can be quiet all night My only gripe is that the beer garden could use better lighting."  probably. It gave me so many really crucial memories and I guarantee it will do so for you as well. I will always stop in here if I am in town. I came of age here in many ways. I blame all the drinking I did here as a 25-year old for keeping me so youthful now that I'm 30." Their beer garden is roomy and secluded Tl2Gw7MX0srZ-S0W_lCiwA Overall a nice place to relax and have some good beers with friends. It is a good place to see some live music as well (on the right night). While not my go to place in Champaign I came to Mike N Molly's to see a relative play in his band. I got there late and there was no seating. Across the street a building wall  is painted in chalkboard paint and people are allowed to draw pictures and write whatever they want. I liked that there was no cover charge.  and it's a really great venue for it; off the main road with lots of space so you don't feel crowded. This is a great spot for spring and summer."  I love it here. Staff is extremley welcoming and if I need help finding a beer they always go out of their way to make sure I get what I want. Mondays and Tuesdays are my favorite  it's a perfect size intimate room for a great rock n roll show!  Keep up the good work Mike N Molly's!" "This place is ideal in the summer when there are outdoor shows. They also have a decent selection of beer and liquor. They don't serve food which can be annoying for an early evening show. Also  I've really enjoyed the comedy nights and the music. And just tonight had a very nice exchange with the owner who really went out of his way to make me feel at home.  It was cold as f**k outside  (like Rogue Dead Guy and Bell's Oberon) and a shuffle puck table/new Golden Tee. Pre-Yelping the place in my head I was resigned to give them 2 stars as a recognition of such efforts Overall it was a nice place to sit outside and visit with friends.  It was not crowded at all.  In fact I went for the dollar beer again and met a friend for dinner.  I had the grilled chicken buffalo wrap.  The flavor was good but I think they use canned chicken for the grilled chicken and the bacon was rubbery but other than that it was not too bad.  The homemade potato chips that they served with the wrap were excellent. Always a fun time.  A place that should at least be given a try I've had super super annoying service more than once (not BAD as much as way too interested in starting a conversation and becoming friends with the diners)  they have creative specials using super-high-quality ingredients at prices more reasonable than all those other downtown joints.  yes They also have outstanding wings and beers!"  which makes for an amusing dining experience to say the least as you walk the labyrinthine corridors like Indiana Jones in the Temple of Doom I'll keep going back--but I think I'll stick to the burgers." Bottom line: Fantastic burgers. Get a burger and a beer and you won't be disappointed." The restrooms can be nasty and are shared with a couple of adjoining restaurants." I normally get the black bean tacos and love them" Happy booze and burger-ing!  Cheers" "This is my favorite restaurant in Champaign!  I always get a bacon burger and it is amazing.  I have never had a burger under or over cooked.  The fries are always good.  I also love their beer menu.  I swear My only complaint is that they serve tortilla chips with their burgers; it just seems odd."  good service.  Not loaded with smelly college kids either!  A great find.  My daughter loved her caesar salad too so we were 4 for 4 across the table in truly liking our meals.  Fresh brewed iced tea always nice." 3) Kobe beef burger? YES!"  a burger (or scallops) with a bottle of your favorite at Farren's is one of the best lunch picks in downtown Champaign." Tried Farren's out for the first time last night and WOW.  I have been in CU for several years now and hadn't heard of this place until checking reviews on Yelp.  The burgers were a bit pricey but quality was very good.  The key lime pie is also a must-have. Go there now and have a good burger.  NOW!!!"  and they are great at remembering you. One of my favorite places in town."  and it's non smoking of course. Very cool place." This place is a constant good treat  expecting the best burger in Champaign - and it was just okay.  I guess the meat was kind of dry.  Fries were good though "I really don't get what the big deal is with this place.  I have had friends tell me thats they have some of the best burgers out there  b/c this is definitely a step above pub grub. They use interesting local ingredients (lemon chive potato salad was awesome). Their beer menu is not as vast as some nearby joints I can only attribute the positive Yelp reviews to heavy drinking.  You have been warned." If you're downtown for a casual meal  which doesn't always taste like it was freshly made.  I would suggest a fountain drink or a beer."  but presentation of my dish kept this place from getting 4*"  schmasement feel...it is a bar.  Cool how the bathrooms connect you to nearby thai and sushi restaurants.  And the new parking structure right next door made parking a breeze - $0.75 for the hour and free on weekends." Farren's Pub & Eatery is has a casual type of atmosphere. It's a great place to go with your friends to enjoy good American style food and drinks. Their burgers here are so delicious and juicy! I'm almost getting hungry right now just thinking about it.  and while some may find it odd that you need to request tomatoes or pickles I like that they don't get wasted if you are a plain jane burger eater like myself. Definitely pay the extra cash to switch from tortilla chips as your side to french fries. These are the skin on fries that you can douse with malt vinegar if the mood strikes. The feel of the restaurant is cozy The ambience is one of my favorite things about the place; Farren's is located under ground and has a bar  the decor was better than I expected after reading some others' reviews. It's good for family  haven't had a bad meal and/or experience here yet." They have the best burger in Champaign and their beer selection is surprisingly diverse. Order a bit rarer than you normally would as they seem to be a bit conservative in their definition of medium. Also their specialty fries are really good with a bit of malt vinegar so spring for them over the included tortilla chips. Be ready to wait for a table cause this place was crowded when I went on a Friday night. "The burgers and salads are wonderful. Definitely the best fries in town  though: Farren's is an absolutely wonderful place to bring my 17-month-old daughter.  The waitress with the curly red hair (whose name I don't know Greatest burger around. Super atmosphere.  We were able to sample a beer before ordering. I will definitely go back.  probably.  Or at least the burgers that all other places are judged by.  The Russell is amazing..."  I have never had any problems with service or the quality of food.  The staff has been friendly.  I did promise one of the waitresses that I'd make her a Bourbon Pecan Pie but haven't fulfilled that promise yet.  Perhaps next visit.  Anyway "I'm new to Champaign and heard a lot about Farren's. My boyfriend and I have been there many times. We love the relaxing and hipster atmosphere. The service is great -- everyone is genuinely friendly. The food is excellent. We've heard the burgers are the best in Champaign -- I'd say it's a tie between Farren's and Billy Baroos. I love their salads (although   and the food is OK and the service is great.  It's just far too greasy for me.  It's just a place for those that don't mind really really greasy food." I have been here several times and only had problems once (it was just waiting a while to get the check) which can happen when it gets busy."  I know).  Staff is friendly.  Large selection of alcoholic beverages.  Good food.  Good prices.  Stop by if you get the chance."  but I guess I just had a higher expectation from a yelp-4-star place. The ambient was a little better for a place that's very hidden by the alley. I would rather go to Desthil next time where they have better drinks and the same quality food in the same price range."  the most amazing burgers ive had in my life. After reading all the yelp reviews i just had to see what the hype is all about! Great beer selection also; esp being a girly girl and not liking beer..they had a variety of light and fruity ones. It's in a basement but you cant even tell; doesnt have a dungy smell or look to it. Def a hole in the wall worth going to!!!"  but when you're in the mood for something lighter and less greasy always check out their specials.  There's often a ton of really good stuff on it I just moved my daughter into an apartment for college and stumbled on Farren's. We had a great burger and ice cold beer after a long drive and move in. I had the bacon feta blue cheese burger and it was terrific. Fries. onion rings and chips were all great. Service was very good. Thank you Farren's! I always feel bad for the cooks in their little tiny kitchen tucked into a corner of the dining room  but all over the U.S. and nothing even comes close in comparison! This is one great steak salad! I could eat one every day if I could afford it. The service is always fast as well...even during their busy lunch rush! It's a bit on the pricey side Great burgers!!! I went there was some friends and was very surprised at how good the food was. I love the atmosphere because it is definitely a place that has a pub setting. Definitely a place to try and go again and again!  just a nice burger joint.  The burger was good...was it the best I have ever eaten...not really...but they are good.  I loved the fries.  My daughter had the black bean burger (she's vegetarian) she said it was very good. All in all a very tasty meal."  but it is a little pricey and not diet food. I recommend only going once every few months  and spent time talking to my mom about the wine that they served.  Really hope to go back before I graduate."  expect to wait if you come with a big group on a friday or saturday night but you shouldn't wait too long. This is definitely a Champaign must!"  mine with blue cheese.  I also decided to splurge and get the fresh-made potato chips.  The staff was friendly and the food came out fast.  The burger was juicy and delicious and the chips...were (hold on...I'm drooling...) aaahhhh-mazing!  They were warm and the truffle salt was genius on these chips.  We will absolutely be back to Farren's and would bring the kids along.  This place is gold!" I'm definitely a fan of Farren's and if you go These burgers are ridiculous. One of my boys hit me up and was like we need to go to Farren's. One of the best burgers I've ever had in my life and easily the best burger in the Champaign area. No one else comes close.  I would expect a lot more.  I can't say its worth the wait and I definitely have no desire to go back."  Fries. Top 5 burgers." IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA Best Burgers in CU.  Everything else on their eclectic menus also pretty rocks the most.  That will be all. Beware days of Illini games; they are packed to the gills at dinner time." I'm somewhat of a ""Burger Snob"" (if such a thing really exists) and have tried most of the popular burger places in Chicago They are a small place but if you go after 1pm for lunch they tend to have plenty of open spots. Dinner is much harder to judge but usually a 15 minute wait is all you have to worry about." Ate here early sep-12. Hadn't been in over a year. Why did I wait so long? Got the russell burger and it was delish. Got chips and salsa instead of fries. Very grateful to be able to do something other than fries. Our waitress was great and we were served by who I'm guessing is the owner (Mr Faren?). You can tell they are committed to having the best burgers in town.  much more in bottles.  So they got the good beer covered.  Full bar as well.  The food is great.  Some of the best pub grub in town.  Of coarse the burgers are what they are known for.  Which are great.  The salads are also really good.  A great place to come for a beer and a meal."  though no Heineken.  Parking in massive city garage right next door.  Usually busy """Farren's has the best burgers in town.""" IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA  spirits). The location is a bit strange - sort of in a back alley. I almost missed it! But The prices were fine and the ambience was just what I expected for a Champaign Pub. It was a bit chilly inside  and again in my final year at the U of I.  I'm very sad that I haven't been more.  Farren's is a hidden gem with friendly staff "The burgers are indeed quite good!  We had a green chile cheese burger and a mushroom Swiss cheese burger.   The Saturday night wait is a little tough Two words: Bison burger. Beers on tap are old world German and Czech and went well with the food. Some of the better beer I have had  but wanted to try their more traditional burger to see what all the fuss was about. It's a nice atmosphere. Everything is right there. There's no ""back""; you can see the kitchen and where all of your food is coming from. I don't feel like I'm in some underground burger basement  neither good nor bad.  The dingy atmosphere (a staid lunch counter in a basement that had leaking ceilings both times I went) might be considered cool in a kitschy or hipster way Will definitely come back"  was that a delicious burger. My mouth still waters thinking about it...those jalepenos...that juicy meat...mmm... The crazy thing? I wasn't even hungry when I ate out with my friends  he apologized and went to put in an order for the missing rings. We also had to switch servers halfway through our meal (not sure what happened to our first guy The burger was really good. The service wasn't good. IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA  business meetings and countless family get togethers.  Caroline and her staff are the best!  I have never felt more comfortable and welcome in any restaurant!  The food is consistently amazing and the specials are always outstanding.  Fine food  and they rotate stuff throughout the year. Staff is also very nice. Farrens only gets four stars because the bar selection isn't the best and because the decor feels a bit run-down. Still an excellent place to go." "Great food. Cool atmosphere. Service was slow. Maybe caught them on an off-night   their burger specials (kobo beef or bison burger) are great! The fries are made from real potatoes "So tasty! I had heard that they had the best burgers in town  and the RED HAIR WAITRESS immediately showed indifferent look on her face and impatiently assign us to their shared toilet where no place can be used to change diaper if you don't count the dirty mosaic floor. I am pretty sure if they can Be sure to check out Farrens if you don't have any taste buds or standards for your dining experience!" A must try in Champaign!" There are a lot of other places to eat in CU."  though. There was a noticeable scent of gas throughout the dining room during our first and only experience here so far. Not sure if that was a one-time thing I don't give many five star reviews Have a burger here with a smaller group of people on a less-crowded night (or for lunch). It's slightly on the pricey side but you won't be disappointed." "Hands down- Farren's is awesome! I always order the Steak salad and my girlfriend has the Scallop salad. Both are huge and loaded down with meat. Service can be a little hectic The only thing keeping me from 5 stars is the service. It can be pretty inconsistent and when it's bad  but since it's not reciprocated... Well  but I don't care when I get the best burger and chips in town. The burgers aren't the only good part. They have daily specials that have always been satisfying and unique. They also have some stellar dark beers. Wait time can be a little long depending on when you come  gluten allergy. And they are amazeballs!  fresh cut potatoes fried in canola oil...yes please! I'm enjoying an order now . I always order to go tho because the place is underground  boy.  And tasty!  Way better than a Royale with cheese!.  Or a Big Kahuna Burger.  I do love the taste of a good burger."  I had the Kobe burger and it was absolutely delicious. I love the open atmosphere. We've never had to wait in the two times we've been there Best Burger in Champaign Hands Down! The Russell has everything you want on a burger and more and the Black Truffle chips are amazing!  but you can substitute the chips for fries or onion rings at an additional cost. The burger alone costs between $8-9 This place is great.  Simple menu and the food is excellent if you're looking for a good burger and fry.  but people I've brought there have been turned off by it. Always pay extra for the fries--not sure why they cost extra but they're pretty tasty. Be prepared to wait on the weekends  I don't know who your host was but when we walked in we asked if it was all right to order since they were so close to closing. The host was warm and welcomed us in. I ordered a black bean burger that was the best veggie burger I've ever had. There was some sort of roux sauce on the side that was equally phenomenal. I came her a second time with my parents who ordered a pulled pork sandwich and a bison burger. Neither of these were so great. They were a bit gamey. But I'll never forget you The Russell is a must have. I recommend getting it with a Kobe patty.  very attentive even if they were swamped. Maybe it's my fault because I ordered a burger that was too spicy for me to handle The place is small but our group of five was easily able to get a table on a Thursday night. The service was pretty decent  she asked for the Wheach -- and the waiter had no idea what we were talking about. Not ""we're out"" or ""it's no longer in season"" or ""we no longer carry that"" -- he had never heard of it. All of the beer we've gotten there since has been solid  their burgers are good too.... Maybe next time!" Love me some Farren's. Always considered one of the best luncheon spots in downtown Champaign. From the perfect hand cut fries to the over the top burgers.  you'll be satisfied. Hamburgers are their specialty  food WASNOT worth what they were charging (cold fries and hard ass bread on the philly cheese steak sandwich). AND I smell like a resturant! Ugh! Won't go back nor will I suggest anyone go there."  but my burger was huge and absolutely delicious! I also tried the homemade potato chips at the recommendation of a random fellow patron The fries were good too. Aside from those issues  had once would go again except the wait was pretty long." Fries are very tasty. Service is good. Prices are a little steep for a burger. Solid place"   0 acknowledgement to  people waiting to sit.  Horrible  very local small town feeling in there. Only reason it's not 5 stars is because the lighting is awkward and the room doesn't feel cozy at all "The Elaine salad is so yummy i definitely recommend it.   You can't go wrong with a burger here.  Their beer selection is a little limited i think.   On a weekend night there's usually a line if you arrive after 6.  It's loud and a little crowded  you'll pay the same price at Big Grove for much better food and service." The Kobe Burger with their signature in house fries is by far the best burger in town. Great salads for anyone looking to have somethings a little lighter. Hipster employees with a cool atmosphere makes this place a must stop for anyone who comes to Champaign..... lol even though i wish they wouldn't." The hostess is terribly RUDE and nasty. The seating is horrible. Plenty of empty table but still won't seat a party until everyone is standing in line. The last time I was there the food was good but really slow. Our party left without being served. Terrible customer service. They are closed Sunday for lunch as a sadly found out after doing a triathlon and craving a burger ( I had to go to desthil  was fantastic and the beer selection can't be beat in Champaign. While I think the wings are also very very good  kinda difficult to find. Not for folks in a hurry but worth it for those who wait"  given the house chips and hole-in-the-wall-osity. I'm craving it already."  this is the establishment you want to be at. Their Kobe burger is filled with fun flavor. The portabello mushroom dish is actually two large fried mushrooms. It can be a tad difficult to get the waiters' attention sometimes though."  but only if I'm ready for downing another huge yummy burger with fries and washed down with a nice cold beer or a gigantic 32oz pepsi." "This may just be my favorite place to eat in C-U! I recently discovered them and love them :) It's a bit of a hole in the wall First time here..great atmosphere.  Only gives 4tops to 4 people unless dressed nice...so there is some unfairness there.  I even asked to be seated with my wife and they said no and then they seated a nicer dressed couple behind us there.  Also must be the only bar in IL that allows under 10yr olds at the bar...WAY ILLEGAL...food good though I love Farrens. Great burgers. The fries are ok. Service is usually decent. Price is a little high but I think it's worth it.   The appetizer of scallops are great!! This is slowly becoming a favorite go-to place." IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA Great great burgers. Kobe burger cooked to chefs liking was perfect. Came down from Chi for work and I'm lucky to have found this place. I've been here 3 days and had dinner there twice. I'll eat there the next 2 nights with confidence. The food here is always top notch!  The specials are always something i look forward to and the thing i always get when its available is the Blackened Catfish.  Its just as good as anything i've had in New Orleans. Always satisfying. Neat location/atmosphere. The Burgers and hand cut fries are amazing. Also some of the friendliest staff in town. Definitely going to come back if I'm back in champaign. Easily the best burgers in CU. I have eaten here more times than I can remember.  I would honestly pay double for the burger and still be happy. Great small hidden gem of downtown champaign with parking all around. The service was good - the servers were very friendly and held conversation with us and kept checking on us while we waited on our food. The only reason I give this place 4/5 and not a perfect 5 is the food took a long time to come out  poor atmosphere. The place is cramped and they are understaffed. Our order was slow to come out (both drinks and food)  but I am perfectly fine with them staying with what they have.  You owe yourself to give it a try."  enjoyed the small resturant over big chain. Service was good as well.  It was very busy every table filled but still had drinks kept filled and food came out hot and fresh in a decent amount of time. I got the Sponoli burger it was amazing and the onion rings are homemade tasted fresh. Others at my table got the venison burger which my brother loved and the Russell burger also great reviews from all at the table.  Highly recommend this restaurant!! Waited said they were just voted one of the best burger joints in town."  and more were brushing my chair as they walked by.   It was a terribly crowded feeling.  But the food was excellent Delicious food. Delicious beer. Just Delicious. We had the Fire Burger and The Russell Burger. Happy bellies!!!! Highly recommend!!!! The price is a little steep compared to other burger places. I believe that it is worth it. The noise level is higher than average because it is such a small place. Don't let that stop you. Go to Farren's! You won't be disappointed." Fantastic hand cut fries and gourmet burgers in downtown bar and grill atmosphere.  Worth the wait for a table. Great service. "The food and service was exceptional. I ordered a strawberry salad and it was phenomenal. They also had a great cheese plate that I enjoyed with a nice glass of wine. The only thing it lacked was better decor and I wish it had outdoor seating. However  the food was typical American Pub grub. Nothing really stood out as exceptional  you can't choose wrong. I would give it 5 stars but more often than that I get so-so service. They get busy and i understand that but sometimes too slow." The best burger place in Illinois. The burgers are cooked to perfection and the onion rings are too good. It is in a weird location but I guess it works. You have to go here! Burgers are awesome (and huge). Staff is always friendly. The one and only thing I don't like about this place is that there aren't any windows... Do yourself a favor and plan to not eat dinner and eat lunch here."  and with plenty of beer options. I have ventured out to other menu options with mixed results but can always count on a good burger and fries from Farren's." "Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? I am honestly obsessed with farren's. The burgers are phenomenal. The wait staff work super efficiently as no one is particularly assigned to a table. You can pretty much flag anybody down for anything you need and that seems to work for them. There isn't a lot of seating so on a busy day there might be a wait  an obvious clue it was over cooked.  It was a.dry juiceless burger.Well done for sure.  I repeatedly try this place but they.get.it right only.1 out if 3 times.  Service is.slow.and indifferent when owner isnt.around."  but absolutely wonderful. Their burgers are unmatched. It quickly became a favorite for me and the guys. I can't deny that it's a complete hole in the wall place. But honestly that's part of why I love it. Farren's is fantastic Super amazing burgers!! I had the regular with blue cheese sauce!!! It was delicious!! Definitely going again!!! "Amazing burgers! Their ground beef is unreal.  It's a disservice to the burger to put ketchup on these badboys.  They cook them well-done  and the service was friendly. We were fortunate enough to go when it wasn't crowded I do find the place to be a bit dirty. The floor just felt oily underneath my feet. The bathroom was ick. And worn. Advice: Eat quickly and get out."  not too greasy or salty. I am really intrigued by some of the other things on the menu but the next time I come here it is going to be hard to not get another burger. The guys working there were all super friendly and casual. Wonderful food Best burger in Champaign hands down. It is such a fun environment too as you have to walk down stairs to get to the restaurant. If you are a vegetarian the veggie burger is a must try!  they were still a little skimpy on the tomato. It was a pretty top notch veggie burger but I do feel like I can make a better veggie burger at home. I wish they had dijon mustard - only plain yellow mustard is available. I had a bite of my boyfriend's Russell (about as much as I can risk doing) and it was amazing! Boy was I jealous he can enjoy red meat this much! This is a pretty great place with tasty food  and I have to say the black bean burger tacos were PHENOMENAL. The only reason I gave 4/5 stars is because the wait time for being seated/food tends to be on the longer side  I'll drive to Mahomet and JT's from now on - it isn't worth the negativity to go to Farren's." A party of two will be sat almost immediately at the bar. Any party bigger than that must wait." The bacon cheeseburger was the best burger I've ever had. Fries and soup were also very yummy. I have had the bacon BBQ chicken sandwich and the chips. Absolutely amazing!! I will definitely be going back!  food: kinda meh.  Why bother?" IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA "Great burger!!!  2 different friends recommended this hole in the wall if we wanted a great burger.  Farren's did not disappoint!! I had the ""Russell.""  It was wonderful with the bacon and sauted shrooms with the blue cheese sauce. My wife had a the standard bacon cheeseburger with American. Plus  but the wait was probably 5 mins. Service was great and the food is just awesome  but not spectacular. The portions are pretty hefty. Definitely will fill you up. I got the Russell burger with fries. The burger was good but it was the blue cheese that made the burger stick out. The fries were pretty good. And my friend got the onion rings which were on point. Probably the best onion rings I've had at uiuc. For your money I think the place is great. I would come back at not peak hours."  except it nails the neighborhood pub ambiance. The bar. The one "I love Farren's burgers. I usually get The Russell burger and order it with bison instead of beef (sometimes they run out of the bison). Of course if you don't like mushroom Best burgers in Champaign-Urbana!  and smelled so bad. I asked to return it and bring a well done. When they brought another one it still was pink! After our lunch both of us felt really bad. And our stomachs felt sick!!! Definitely it was the last time that we chosen this place"  and smelled so bad. I asked to return it and bring a well done. When they brought another one it still was pink! After our lunch both of us felt really bad. And our stomachs felt sick!!! Definitely it was the last time that we chosen this place" Mostly I'm motivated to write a review because the negative reviews here are hilarious. If you want a well done burger then go to burger king and stop crying about your overly meaty sandwich. If you want a fancy restaurant get the F out of a corn field. Servers are people too and sometimes aren't perfectly attentive or perfectly cheery when you are a giant pain in their ass. After-all this is a bar  and meaty! The house made bleu cheese we legit too! Our waiter was awesome and kept it real! He recommended The Russell burger which did not disappoint. Will definitely be back!" Before 11:45 this place had a line at the door to be seated. It is not a huge place There's no parking lot specifically for Farren's. It's a little hole-in-the-wall place at basement level down an alleyway behind main street stores in downtown Champaign. But street parking is available and you can also use the lot across the street." Place: Small cozy pub" "Consistently the best burgers in town! Good beer selection and homemade sides. The 4/5 is due to size. I get that it's more controlled "Good food and relaxed atmosphere! This is a great place for high quality food and a nice time. Their burgers are huge and they give you tons of fries. You won't leave hungry. They have a small bar Had the Russell burger with onion rings.  Husband had the same burger with fries.  Food was excellent and service was fast. "The burgers here are pretty hearty and big- but this is not a burger review. I ordered the grilled steak salad and have also had the grilled chicken salad. Both were big portions and filling I would not have left a dime I would have given you 5 stars because the food was really good but the waitress hostess slash Barstool weight left a bad impression on your business I think the bartender was her boyfriend because he didn't say anything to her" IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA  and the sweet potato fries are a nice departure from boring regular fries. When you just need some red meat There's almost always a live band playing country music in the evenings here and there's a dance floor for the uninhibited. Someone told me this place has the best White Russians in town.  nice divey spot.  I'll be back." *They don't actually play records at the Rose Bowl It's dark and has a dive bar feel.  The only food available is tater chips."   the dance floor and the patrons-  everyone has fun together  and the fact that they host live local music is a  huge plus!!!" You can't handle the truth."  be ready to wait in line (or sneak in the boy's room when no one is in there like I did)!  The back room has the dance floor The crowd you find that frequents Joe's consists of a lot of scantily clad sorority girls and collar popping frat guys.  If you can manage to maneuver your way through the sea of bodies in the hella hot and humid place and manage to secure a pool table "I miss this place; but only for early afternoon time on thursdays when you get fabulous service from the barkeep: frosted pint glasses and .10 most-delicious-cram-as-many-as-you-can-into-your-fat-mouth cent wings?! it's hit or miss when you go at night though; they do have a decent beer selection and $2 u-call its but I'm over the disgusting floors of Green St bars  pitchers can be as low as $4. I would imagine that if you went there in the afternoon you could have an enjoyable happy hour on the patio  and we ESPECIALLY don't want any guys listening or watching us in the bathroom.  The employees were incredibly rude and were just standing in the ladies room.  I felt extremely violated of my privacy (as any girl would) and when I confronted the employees they kicked me out.  This is not ANY way a girl should be treated  the drinks are really weak and the area is just too crowded to even move.  There are a ton of creepers on the dance floor and quite a few nefarious characters.  It's not worth it."  and it might not even be yours! Some of my best and worst college experiences come out of this place and even though I graduated this past May and have all of Chicago at my disposal "Joes was a really fun place to go... When i was 19.  Great dance floor and quite amusing watching girls try to pole dance. Nice employees. But if youre looking to get something besides a draft/bottled beer  I think the appeal is usually lost. The only plus is that they have my favorite cider (Strongbow) on tap. The service is okay and I am glad that they at least have their own beer. Their food was typical and not memorable and the beer is only okay. Given the choice  and it's leagues above Kam's. However it's a lot trashier in quality than Brother's. At least it has an outdoor section for the nicer times of the year which is a huge relief when you want to get out of the sweaty inane madness that is Joe's."  so don't bother - unless you want to pay for boxed mac&cheese that has some bacon bits tossed on top. They have a good selection of beers and sodas (be aware that it's not Pepsi *or* Coke products but RC/Dr. Pepper). I thought the draft of Bell's two-hearted complemented my Urbana veggie burger quite nicely. If they'd offered ice cream for dessert  friendly and fast. I can't comment on the late night crowd but I can see it getting rather loud and  cheese on 1/3lb burger).   The fried egg tasted like a boiled egg and I couldn't tell there was guacamole on the burger but it was okay.  They have two full pages of burgers so I'd be willing to try them again.  It's 1/2 price burgers on Tuesday nights so my meal was less than $5 so I gave them three stars for my first visit."  and the food was lukewarm by the time she served us. We had to hound her to even pay for the meals. What a horrible waitress. She really should be fired. Both our table and another table of girls never got served until the kitchen almost closed. Yikes...they really need to improve their service."  lol to the review that recommended KAM'S for a ""better time"" than Joes. Joes might have the sticky floors As long as you treat Joe's like a den of vampires (avoid after dark) "Wow....went to campus to partake in some bar hopping while the students were gone. Hardly anyone was  in the bar. We had been served by a girl with an Illini scarf and was awesome. Then....another girl took over. We ordered a diet with vodka If you really want to try this place come for half off burgers. On a Thursday. I'm thoroughly disappointed." "They've got some really great specials! We came on a Friday and got a pitcher of shandy for $6. Their burgers are good I guess i used to like clys better but they went downhill too." Classic college bar. Best thing is the 1/2 priced burgers (which they have a ton of good options of) they have 2-3 nights a week. Drinks are reasonably priced. Service Is decent. If you're not there to party with college friends or get a half off burger it's probably a good idea to find another spot in CU! Solid drinking establishment!"  but the night life there is pretty fun. But only go there late if your planning on getting wild. The drinks are mediocre."  loved the Mac and cheese as an upgrade. However today's visit had a special friend attend with us. Spotted a cockroach crawling on the wall. So much for the green health inspection sign on the door! Needless to say we won't be back anytime soon." Oh my god. Where can I start with this place? It is the greatest creation ever. This bar alone has changed humanity. I had the craziest adventure of my life at this establishment.  but it's a great spot for good food. Farren's was my favorite burger until I tried the Ragin' Cajun. Even the fries were on point and I typically hate fries. I wasn't even drunk and this meal was like a religious experience. The Bob Marley burger has some awesome stuff going on as well "One of the worst bars on campus. The place gets super crowded and the music is deafening. If you like not being able to move  go to Seven Saints or Destihl. If you're more of looking for a place with a college atmosphere  you can get a side of mac and cheese and let me tell you it is in the top three mac and cheeses offered in the Chambana area. If you can get over the fact that you are eating at Joe's  and it's really the kind of meal you should eat only half of and bring the rest home as leftovers. I've had most of the burgers without mushrooms. The Bob Marley "Joe's let's the major of Champaign personally come and raid the bar and give people tickets. It's not so much a diss on Joe's but the fact that the major actually thinks this is a huge issue. Like there are much worse things going on at this campus than this. If this major didn't have a beer before she was twenty one  you can still smell the stale beer that has surely soaked into the wood work at this point. Who knew this place had such great lunch! Lots of awesome ingredients from guacamole It's easy to get bored."  my girlfriend and I  saw a roach crawling on a counter for drinks while eating SO DISGUSTING" fantastic scenery! the service is incredible! all yah need is a beer and a mother egging bro * * for awesome outdoor seating" Misses the 5th star for lack of indoor seating and no real food selection for a place you would imagine would have a great full kitchen." UPDATE: Forgot to mention this place deserves 1/2 more star because they replaced overrated PBR with HIGH LIFE for their ultra-cheap draft beer!  Yum!" * The beer tastes watered-down and the food is ridiculously bland and over-priced."  the decent beers and the average but very cheap food... I HATED that as a gay couple we felt really weird with all the drunk 30-40 somethings disapproving and some strange looks from staff... however things seem to have changed in that regard and we haven't had any adverse experiences in the last 6 months. Yeay." Cowboy Monkey tries a bit too hard.  And on Friday nights is absolutely infested with frat bros.  WTF.  That said The outdoor seating is nice as long as there's no one puffing around you." $2 PBR bottles all night long.  Attentive and nice barkeeps.  Mix of 40somethings and college kids.  Decent sound.  Class organization all around." "Decent music spot and great in nice weather to sit outside and have a beer.  But do not go there hungry  but if you have never been to a really cool place then I guess Cowboy Monkey will do. I saw a lot of older people and not many young people  I ordered the gazpacho. It was bad. It was really just pico de gallo with more cucumbers. Not a soup but more of a raw salsa with large chunks."  Cowboy Monkey does not serve their tasty Tex-Mex fare during winter or early spring. They open just in time for EbertFest at the end of April. If you like Americanized Mexican food  to sum it up I got punched in the face by an enthusiastic dancer and got WAY overcharged.  So "Definitely a solid place to go for some Mexican style pub food and a brew during the summer. This place is nice and intimate for venues as well  and wrote NO TIP on the tip line. Later my cleared bank statement says the jerk gave himself a $5 tip! That is not ok!" if you are looking for a dj who cranks out the frat favorites of 2007 and does it loud and proud... you will love this bar.  if you are looking for a chill place to hang out with your friends and have a couple decent beers Great patio. Odd bathroom set up. A nice little cocktail menu for a slightly more upscale dancy bar.  Would go again...mostly for convenience.  :)  if you are not a fan of sweet drinks do not get the flavored margaritas  it is totally out of place in the downtown area.  And let's not talk about food  we got a gift certificate to the bar and bought rounds of shots. Cannot think of a better way to spend a sunday." Love the salsa dancing here! This is a great place to sit outside and enjoy a cocktail and the weather."  don't sweat it; just walk to one of the many other good bars in downtown Champaign. We started going to the Tuesday-night trivia at Jupiter's at the Crossing Great during the spring/summer/early fall because of outdoor seating!  Also during this time the food is great!  Trivia is fun on Sunday's with Dave.  I don't frequent during the winter because the inside is pretty dark and decently small.  I hope they expand their inside into where Carrie's used to be and do food year round! rQo3lrePdOiNtEs3t8zfQA "Cowboy... I came here literally every Wednesday night for latin dance nights even when I had a final exam the next day or was tired. Thank you for being free entry. I understand that you had to stop serving us dancers free water after so long It's perfect rock n roll club!"  Let me start by saying the whole ""bar scene"" isn't really my thing. But we went here for a friend's birthday and I was thoroughly impressed. The staff was welcoming The best part of our visit was the jazz band outside and the service which was excellent!  They have a huge drink menu.  My margarita tasted like orange juice...no hint of a margarita:(. The nachos were just average mostly goopy.  I will go back for the music but will only order a glass of wine as they need to work on shortening their list and doing something inside the kitchen/bar outstanding:)  but something fishy happened at their cash register. I closed my tab which was only for one drink + a decent tip and the next day when I looked at my transaction I saw that they had charged me $25.  Not an honest business. Will not be returning."  going with 3 stars. If based on patio and beverages alone...well Food is always consistent and tastes well. Beware things can be a bit spicy. The waitresses on the other hand are not good. They tend to have a difficult time bringing drinks in a timely matter and are just not that smart when it comes to their job.   On a positive note their manager is very friendly and the bus boy takes pride in keeping the place clean!  Patio atmosphere is nice but music tends to be a bit too loud. "Outdoor seating is awesome!! Great location. Food is yummy. Can be spicy. My friends love the bean dip. Servers can be on the slow side. However The service was good that night because the waitress kept coming back to fill our waters and ask us how we were doing. Cowboy Monkey is very good about accommodating larger groups; they pull small tables together to make a large one."  and the trivia (once it got going) made for a fun night."  sat down and waited 25 minutes with no one acknowledging our presence. We left and went somewhere that appreciates our business."  I figured I would try their food and wish I had not. The guacamole was a crime to avocados everywhere First time there.... Very small place. Bartender was SUPER RUDE. Not kidding. The whole place smelled bad and all in all I just don't want to go back there. "Nice atmosphere with the patio seating. We aren't from the area and wanted to try a local beer. Waitress could not tell us anything about the beers on tap. Menu listed regular beers on tap that weren't. The waitress knew the names of the beers they had  but prefect to get a drink and a bite before a game at the BOB or the basketball arena... not too expensive for the quality of food you get." Update: Their new listed hours are 11am-3pm Monday through Friday & Special Events.  Guess you'll have to call ahead to find out if there's a special enough event in the area before you go..." I would definitely go back here before a game again.  It was a good relaxed atmosphere and a quick walk over to the stadium.  However Anybody want to join my one woman campaign?" My only gripe?  When the heck is it opened consistently?  Argh!"  they have a reverse happy hour. I'm not sure I would go back again before a game though. If you go during the week for lunch Next time: I'll ask for a plain burger and 1/4 of the normal amount of fries or some other side."  potato skins and burgers. It actually is a place where you can get a nice meal and a few drinks before heading to the game."  the service was reliable and they have a full service bar with a good selection of beers and whatever may be your lush's delight.  I'll definitely be back again to enjoy more good times with my boys and mas tequila shots."  12 props for serving as a (objective of course) political venue when requested!!" And they don't give me funny looks for ordering a shot of jager at 11AM before an afternoon game. . ." I hope you guys are doing well with your cholo hip hop nights you do there upstairs because you sure as hell aren't focused on customer service anymore. Or good food for that matter."  decent pub fare for pregame/postgame.  The menu may be hit or miss but there's lots of choices and most people won't be disappointed."  at 7 they turned down the lights and changed to some crappy R+B radio station. I guess that crowd who was coming in to get their 5 course wine and food pairings didn't want to listen to the game.  Why exactly they came to Coach and Willies then I feel like this place is a place I would probably bring my parents to Overall it is not a bad place and I would go again if invited but I want to try some other places in the area too on my infrequent trips downtown."  I liked it!  I ordered the italian stallion sandwich with fries and thought it was very yummy.  Steve was great and attentive and I really liked the whole look of the restaurant.  I would definately reccomend going here with a group of friends.  The parking situation is kinda wierd We had to run to the game and unfortunately the D-Back lost!!!!  Coach and Willies is a great find.  We had a great tasting meal "Im probably being so unfair with a rating of 3...Im not much of a sports bar girl.. but this place is fun.. and its a place to go pre-game.. have a few beers..and get into the moment...of testosterone... full of yelling guys.. and girls serving in sportsy shirts... not the friendliest girls either... so beer is cold... service way slow... my friend ordered a plate of chicken nachos... forever and ago...they finally arrive... are they okay.. yep  but who knows.  They have lots of great TV's so it would be an awesome place to watch any game.  If they start playing MLS games The overall prices are a bit high and that's what would keep me away in the future."  and I wish they would have been more intentive to ask my group if we wanted the televisions on. Which would have raised the overall atmosphere rating."  stringy texture. Owner/manager/bartender certainly has no business being in the hospitality industry. Two of two times here  but I had ordered at the bar so I just got to tease everyone else. I thought it was a pretty yummy place for lunch  late night bites and a corporate function and everytime i've liked it. It is one of my favorite places to go before a baseball or basketball game. They have a great selection of handcrafed beers both on tap and in bottles. There food is also really good for what i take as more of a bar enviornment. There burgers  especially because of the atmosphere mixed with pretty good food.  I have never found myself thinking about going here outside of a game day I will recommend to every single person I know to never patronize that establishment "I lived by here and eat here all the time. I recommend the lobster bisque even though my gf says it makes me smell like a fish. I also recommend the Italian nachos This is my very favorite restaurant/bar in downtown Phoenix!  It has great atmosphere from fun to semi-formal and the food is fabulous.  Even breakfast is totally de-lish! "C&W's is one of my favorite places for lunch downtown.  I've been coming here for years.  The portions are huge and the staff is great.  The only thing I miss are the huge They have a location opening in Chandler early next year and I cannot wait!!"  but not bad. Seemed like a very authentic ""pub"". BUT very pricey. Spent like $24 on 2 beers and a quesadilla! Kidding me??" Can't wait for their Chandler location to open!" I am looking forward to trying them out when they open the new Chandler location." I had the Italian Stallion sandwich and it was pretty good. It would have been better if they sliced the meat Jerry Mike's Style (nice and thin). The thick ham and salami slices made it tough to bite and hold. Oh well. We'll be back the next time we need to pregame in Phoenix. The large covered patio was a nice break from the heat." "The food at this Sports Grill is good and the portion sizes are very fair.  The service that we experienced from our pleasant young server was not so good.  By that I mean - House Salad: Basic but a good choice to balance out one of the heavier meal options." Horrible bar service... All Draft Beers are out on a SATURDAY! Not worth the stop. These sandwiches and two drinks cost us over $50. Hence Awesome place. Really nice staff  I hope no one else makes the mistake of going to this place and expecting the good food that people here have written about. The menu is rather large and maybe that's why they are having a hard time keeping the food at a high quality. If you go here before a game  and C&W was a good venue for it. I'm not sure if I'd ever frequent the place on my own since I'm not huge into sports  smothered in marinara sauce and cheese with 4 pieces of garlic bread!! These will please your mouth in ways its never been pleased!" j8nyAaN_w5t6wYv-ni23sg "Awesome place. Really nice. Outstanding service from Matt. Food is delicious  after 45 minutes you'll eat anything. Beer was overpriced at $5 for a glass. We got out of there as quickly as we could after the food was consumed. Won't be back."  I noticed all the dishes are pretty BIG.  The service was quick and pretty good.  I ordered the chicken fingers with fries.  Their batter is little coated and crispy.  The chicken was still moist.  All in all Such a terrible experience."  live music some nights and even a DJ on Friday nights I think. Brunch menu is unbelievably good! I had mimosas of course to quench my thirst. : ) Hits the spot-especially after a night of drinking! AND the deserts they have are even delicious! There is a lot more I can say and I am pretty picky about the places I like. Definitely go!"  which she ended up getting wrong three times. We were there for 2 1/2 hours and received a small discount from the manager. I don't know if this is how it's normally run or if they were understaffed for some reason  great service. I come here several times a week. Live next door and it is always good. 6 buck burgers can't be beat!"  but here's why. The place its still looks really good and feel about it. The waiters are ill-trained. I came here with a groupon/google offer. I've always wanted to see what it is all about. I am so thankful that I was only out a few bucks and didn't have to pay full price. They screwed up my bill and took FOREVER to fix. Had to get the manager  Danny wet above and beyond to make sure we still had a pleasant experience. we will definitely be back thanks Danny!" It was my first time there and the pasta with alfredo was very good and filling!  WiFi and free parking during lunch." Service was fast...no complaints. My whiskey blackened steak wrap was yummy. The two free beers (paid for by the school principal/owner)  so it's a good spot for a beer and a ballgame.  Wood smoke from the pizza oven creates a great aroma Great service. Fun downtown atmosphere. Highly recommended  your manager then said "" I'll go get the owner for you."" There was no demanding there.  Also please learn to read before posting replies as I stated the owner BASICALLY said to shut up and stop whining.  The way he spoke to us is the reason why we would never come back.  Also you posted in my mom's review that our food and drinks were comped.  We sent the food back as it was cold Happy hour meatballs before the game.  Add a beer and it's all good. On the positive side I would say this place is fairly priced for what you get and they seemed to have some good specials going for locals on certain days and thankfully on that night for us still serve food late night. Just next time it would be nice for them to actually mention the delay in the pizza when ordering if they would have been done we would have been fine and probably order something else to hold us over. Or even possibly following thru on bring out items when they say they will. Maybe on another late night downtown will make an appearance but it wouldn't be my first choice."  heaven forbid your thirsty on a bad day.... lastly by the time my husband was able to grab the attention of Said server for katsup and mustard his burger it was cold and my salad had yet to arrive.. hence the extra time to sip on my late beer waiting for dinner.. I would say there are better more collected establishments in the area... wait as I hear the second ring from the kitchen for the salad that I can see from the window but can not have... :("  so we went last night.  The waiter was very friendly and attentive to our group.  The appetizers were wonderful and the waiter was very helpful when we asked what he recommended--his recommendations were right on!  We got an order of wings and asked to have the sauce on the side because we were not sure how it would taste--the wings came out nice and crispy--yum!  And it was perfect because some of us at them naked and some with the sauce--perfect!  The Italian nachos were great and we had few birthdays in our group so we were treated to some yummy dessert!  We will definitely be back!"  and when nothing was going on (in town to visit friends) and have had no significant issues with anything.  Food is standard pub fare and well prepared and they have always treated us well.  In fact j8nyAaN_w5t6wYv-ni23sg  what a disappointment! Should have went across the street to SanTan Brewery for decent food and service. We were served our drinks in a timely manner while looking at the food menu  Coach and Willies was sold and turned in to Legends back in October 2012. Please know that when posting on this site. You should go to the Legends site to do so." Great place...and I look forward to my next visit in Phoenix to come back here." I ended up getting lost at the art walk and randomly ran into this place... and i have to say i am a big fan... it is in a different part of town than i normally hang out in but the atmosphere is pretty cool.... it feels trendy but is a casual place... they have a pretty good wine selection at various price ranges... i did not try the food and not sure about the happy hour but i will go back soon... Forget Kaz. Try Cheuvoront instead." I'm eager for my next visit so I can try some of their martinis and buy cheeses from their retail section I really like this place and would definitely come back.  I had a blueberry martini that was dreamy and for dinner I had the halibut entree which was also very good.  Their wine selection is very good... I did have a glass of wine too because someone ordered a bottle of wine and I felt compelled to help him out:)  And from what I remember the service was also very good.  was my 400th review. :)"  I might get even better at pretending to be a wine snob! I might even actually learn something!"  but I probably will only do so if I'm in the area -- and only if I've already eaten something." I definitely will return to try something new on both the wine list and menu.   RC" during my month long Phoenix visit."  or just to sit at the bar and try a new wine or two.  I know I will be there in the future especially with Kristin S. moving so close to it!"  please watch out for the tip unless you believe the service is superb...."  decor and relaxed vibe at Cheuvront's.  I've never been a fan of darkly lit restaurants  second place went to the coconut cream pie. The others were just ok.  But it was the combined seminar/restaurant experience with friends that made the evening unique and thus  1 bottle of wine and 1 small cheese/fruit tray and it come to around $100. That "As far as wine and cheese bars go - this place has Postino's beat by a long shot.  The wine list is impressive.  The staff can make recommendations on the fly.  The owner actually takes his staff to visit vinyards so they become familiar with the wines.  The food is out of this world - but unpretentious.   You don't have to travel to Scottsdale to get fine food and drink -- we've got it right here in Central Phoenix at Cheuvront.   With that said - try the Macaroni and Cheese - which is what I tried tonight - out of this world Cheuvront is a solidly enjoyable place to kick back after a long day of work. Although some of their happy hour food and cocktails could use some improvement  and they offer 25% off of Bottles to resturant industry workers!! Way to be!!!!" If you see me at Cheuvront stop by and say hello. I'll be the one in the corner making sweet love to the macaroni and cheese..... no joke." "I think I really like this place. Ayesha and I had a chance to visit  Cheuvront on a Monday night. It wasn't terribly busy when we arrived and we were warmly greeted. Unfortunately we were seated next to a loud group of young children that thought they knew something of the world and were very LOUDLY passionate about their arguments. The F bombs were being dropped so incessantly that it became annoying. Our server and the manager that was walking around said nothing to this group. Finally when I could no longer hear what Ayesha was saying The atmosphere here is very laid back and we all lingered over wine and dinner. Near the bar they were showing an old James Bond film on a large screen. in french. which somehow made the place feel all that more sophisticated and charming. I will def. be back and would recommend this place for a long meal and It goes without saying that downtown Phoenix isn't the first area of town that most people think of when they think of hangout spots and eateries.  It's still not quite there yet I would still go back to cheuvront however I think in the future it would be better for just drinks and possibly appetizers" I would like to extend my kudos to Barry.  He is the reason I kept returning as he has what it takes to take the front of the house experience to the next level."  and it is a nice spot to hang out with friends and have a nice night out. Especially during a first friday." My only complaint/inquiry/confusion was - no door handles going to the bathroom? how do I know which side to push on? weird and not high-art enough to be cool."  I'll still remember that night less for the cheese and wine than for being the only half hour of ""So You Want to Be A Country Star!"" I've ever endured."  but might think twice about returning for a sit-down meal unless I was sure that I'd have plenty of time to spare." Cheuvront's is a gem.  Their wine selection is superb and their cheeses are tough to trump.  I have always been treated to wonderful service and taste treats.  I also love that they have such a wonderful champagne by the glass selection.  The Laurent-Perrier is by far the best and I love that they have it in splits.  Always something to look forward to when traveling to Phoenix. "After spending almost 3 hours at this restaurant on NYE and our party having to reschedule some of the nights events.  I was somewhat reluctant to go back to cheuvront so soon when some of our friends asked us to go with them after the OYE at the Heard Museum. regardless we went for appetizers and cocktails  require talent and skill and desire to create an experience that keeps folks coming back.  If I want to drink good wine in a mediocre setting  and I'm clearly going to have to pay more attention to Kristi's reviews." Go for the page-long cheese menu and affordable yet varied wine selection.  I can not believe this place has been here for five years and i just now visited it. The Spanish plate This also is a great place to meet up for a pre-show drink if you're headed to the theater. I also have heard good things about their brunch menu on the weekends so that might have to be on the itinerary for a Sunday trip to the Art Museum via METRO. Yes. Yes. Go Looking forward to returning to Cheuvront and having lunch or dinner!!" I'm sure that those with my proclivities are smart enough to avoid Cheuvront by the name alone.  I ended up there and don't want to throw the place under the light rail because its somewhere I'd never normally go.  Take it from someone a little higher on the social ladder than me maybe."  since this is totally unverified and historically questionable  I thought that the price was a bit extravagant for the portion sizes. Overall  this is a really chill place to either wind down after work or to shmooze with a date. I highly recommend this place because if you haven't done the wine/cheese thing you really don't know what you're missing. Just a heads up muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hU6sN5r6vayqm_RMgvPGOQ?select=Y6gF0oMs3bwU8vjC7Kymsg"  but for the price it's certainly one of the best." Happy hour includes $5 appetizers and discount on wines by the glass. Try to pork empanada (little piece of heaven) and the chicken phyllo pockets. I love the ambiance in this place.  It is great for a group of friends or for a quiet date night.  Their wine selection is wonderful and the staff is extremely knowledgeable.  I don't go there to really eat all that often only because I am a vegetarian and their vegetarian selection is just OK.  Not that what I have had wasn't fantastic but there are better places to go for vegetarian dining.  Their brunch is fairly decent but a tad expensive.  What I enjoy most is the wine tastings (they have them every month).  Each time I go I learn something new about wine and have had the pleasure of tasting some unique and flavorful vino's.  I highly recommend Cheuvront!  some pairings not suggested may surprise you. The last time I went I was a bit disappointed that my favorite wine they sell (Duck Pond) is only available by the bottle. The cheeses are good All in all a wonderful dining experience! A dinner club top 3." Ambiance and decor is nice and mellow. We've since been back with friends and it has been enjoyable for both a date night and chatting it up with people. Enjoy!" I can't wait to go back to sample some more wine and cheese!" My friends ordered the egg white omelet and the fritatta Our fave waiter is Jeremiah. He's so dreamy."  but for a place with 2 one-person bathrooms to designate one for the ""men"" and one for the ""women"" is really dumb! It's not like you're in there with anyone else! All that happens is the Women's line gets long while the men shuffle in and out like there's a revolving door on the thing. Not fair!" (Btw:  I don't understand what this means from other reviews: ""it wants to be more hip than it really is""?  Huh?   I think the decor is great - cool  but the scallop appetizer was the highlight of the evening.  We asked management if they ever considered putting it on the menu as a permanent item (it was only a special at the time) and they said they were considering it because of all the positive feedback.  We just made reservations for this coming Monday and can't wait to go back!" The relaxed atmosphere and consistent food and service have made Cheuvront into one of my favorite places in Phoenix  re-filling the water and checking how we liked the food. As a very nice gesture she brought out two samples of cheese before the dinner to try (not sure about the names ...). The space is nice and modern without being cold and stark. I would haven given 5 Stars if service would have been a little bit more engaging. It was the first time for us to eat at Cheuvront but nobody really bothered to find out about likes/dislike. They unfortunately missed an opportunity to actively engage us ... I definitely will be back but first I will try out other Scottsdale / Phoenix eateries. BTW - no ""weird"" James Bond movies but the ambient music could have been a bit more present."  the place certainly deserves another trip.  I can see (if I had a real life  we felt it was a bit odd that everytime our female server (she never divulged her name) came to our table she addressed us as ""Lady and Gentleman."" At least tell me your name before you call me that for an hour! ;)"  a medium red from Santa Monica California. The wine is smooth and the cheeses flavorful and after waiting 20 minutes for it to arrive I guess prune juice and cardboard would have been just as  flavorful. I guess good cheese takes time to cut. The decor was a bit mixed matched with concrete grays and pastel curtains. I felt like I was more in an Austin Powers flick than in a hip wine bar. The wait for service was considerable considering that the place was one third full. The bill came out to more than $50 bucks I know times are tough around here but when you charge those high prices ($6.50 for a pint?!)  the regular fries were nothing special and a little cold but we got two huge portions instead of one so we couldn't complain.   The place has easy parking and our waitress was very friendly.   We will be going back for Phoenix's first cheese and wine tasting event next week." "I love this place!! Have been here several times now for dinner and brunch! Did New Years Eve here with wine pairings  but beware: those long thin strips in the middle of the plate? Butter. Not Cheese. ;)"  I noticed this place is in walking distance of the main Phoenix library. So you can go pick out a good book on a lazy Sunday and then walk over to Cheuvront for some wine and cheese and feel like the perfect elitist So great! I was there for an event last week and we had a blast. The event was handles perfectly! Can't wait to go back! This was adequte at best and that is being generous.  Several of us Went today for Easter brunch - big disappointment.  The restaurant was not that busy - took 20 minutes between courses being served.  Needed to ask for plates for the muffins.  Ordered the filet with eggs - the eggs were burnt and broken.  The server never should have brought that plate to the table.  I expect this from Denny's at 3 am - not a restaurant with these menu prices.  My boyfriend had the tomato bisque soup - was Ragu in a bowl - even same consistency.  Another friend had the bananas foster french toast - even the bananas were bland. I'd say the happy hour items are where it's at overall. The food was great the drinks were good. Really given their menu and atmosphere I was really surprised that it wasn't more busy. It's kind of sad to see many of the Phoenix area restaurants kind of dead at 9pm on a Friday night. I'm guessing if it were located in Scottsdale that would be a different story." I took my gf here before a Suns game. The server was very knowledgeable.  The cheese plate was great but a bit pricey.  Some salad w/ fruit and boiled chicken was tasty according to the princess. Bleu cheese mac n cheese was amazing. Go eat here tonight. "This is a great place to ""wine"" down after a long week.  For what I have seen - they have the best cheese list in town.  The service is always great and the food is consistently good to great.  Also - who can beat a variety of mac and cheeses.  Last night we had the pancetta and onion - this is probably been my favorite.  I would totally recommend this place for a night where you just want to relax!" The decor is cool and they play French movies on a large screen in the back of the restaurant. I also have a special place in my heart for their awesome sweet potato fries! This place is a great option if you want a nice glass of wine and a bite to eat in Central Phoenix but don't want to brave the Postino crowds." Huge points for the server who took Amy in stride when I told him I'd spank his ass for something.  (I don't remember  we got a table right away. I liked the ambiance and was impressed with their cheese and wine selection.  We ordered a cheese platter with Manchego  sadly I must say I have been let down. One of my problems is the sometimes slow service. Also we decided to go here for a friends birthday and they ran out of food. It was not fun feeling like you had the angel of death for a server ready to kill your order. I really would love to give the place four stars "GREAT Happy Hour !! $5/glasses of vino. Menu of samplings for $5 each! Try the flatbread pizza We were running a pretty high drink bill and there was no need for the negative energy. It ruined our experience and vibe of the place.  Over a pizza?  Poor service  conversation and a little nosh after the artwalk...what we got was surprisingly poor customer service that became downright passive aggressive (scratch the passive) after we received a pizza that wasn't to our liking. The waiter was so upset that we didn't want mozzarella cheese on our $10 goat cheese pizza that he brought out the cook to confirm. His manager then came by our table to tell us that we  if for no other reason that it proably gives the kitchen staff something to live for." I had a party of 17-18 people here. We all paid separate and they accommodate all of us!"  and just make sure I used the facilities elsewhere!" Everything here was delicious and I enjoyed the atmosphere. Service was incredible as well... I just feel its overpriced for what you receive I will never go back."  I would not recommend the happy hour food options This one is tough.  I love their wine and cheese but the food is terrible.  I highly recommend going but only for the aforementioned wine and cheese.  always super friendly and accommodating. These guys know their stuff! I have never had a bad experience and would recommend it to anybody (already have!) The events they have are also really great  its annyoning having your eyes readjust constantly.  Add some flavor to the food and train servers to check on customers a little bit more frequent. Presention of the food was good My friends and I went to Cheuvront's for AZ Restaurant Week and every single one of us was disappointed. The service was terrible; it took 20 minutes for our fourth (who arrived a few minutes late) just to get her water. He disappeared for 15 minute stretches and only asked if needed anything when we were done with our courses. The food was overpriced for the portions--and this is coming from a graduated culinary student who has had it drilled into her that smaller is better--and the flavors were bland. One person's bisque came to the table cold and my creme brulee tasted as if they'd forgotten the sugar. Not to mention that it was so loud we couldn't hear each other. All around disappointing.  and the one she said was similar was rather icky. (Nothing like the wine we wanted that we've had before). We weren't able to order for atleast another 30minutes and weren't served our first course for 30 minutes after that. We didn't start to eat until we had been there for an hour at minimum. In addition The overall impression of the decor feels like perhaps they try a little hard to b xtra trendy or cute...  Idk..." I am still a fan of Cheuvront.  I want to go back for some happy hour and try some of the other food selections.  Maybe I was just expecting too much from Restaurant Week; it happens.  Either way  this probably isn't it. I love it here - does that make me a snob? Perhaps. Oh well. The food is delicious. My first meal was the simple chicken which is usually a shoe-in for boring and it was not. Juicy I was embarrassed to have suggested to a colleague that we eat at Cheuvront today.  I don't know what happened to this restaurant "Overpriced. Overrated. Just not worth the money. The mac and cheese with the different toppings is actually very delicious. We also got duck which was extremely bland and did not have the crispy skin. The risotto it was served with was terrible. It was either whole grain or a dark grain rice. It was hard and just not appealing.  The filet mignon was cooked well but not seasoned at all.  Dishes definitely not worth $20 a plate.  I'd only come back for the wine There were a few things on the menu i'd be interested in trying for entrees (the small plates/apps were meh)  the haughty attitude. The overpricing is just a final slap in the face as you walk out the door. There's just too many other options now to continue to be underwhelmed. I won't be back."  cozy dinner with your closest friends in an urbanesque setting."  we also ordered the Roasted Goat Cheese and Chicken Pockets and these were phenomenal.  I ordered the chicken dish (yes there is only 1) and my wife ordered the Caramelized Red Onion Mac (yes there are 5 mac & cheese options).  Richard ordered the Duck and I was too drunk from the 3-4 rum and cokes I had to remember what his better half ordered.  All the food was fantastic and the drinks were pretty strong.  We finished with a warm cookie and ice cream and the pumpkin bread which was really good.  I can't remember going home but I am sure that was fun too!"  accompanied by sauteed mushrooms and asparagus with a phenomenal pea sauce.  The pea sauce was phenomenal "One of the best Nicoise salads I've ever had (and I am picky about my Nicoise!).  My boyfriend had a pizza (which I slyly sampled) - delicioso.  Server was very accommodating and friendly.  Could only wish for a bit more from the wine list given the ""wine bar"".  But It was a lovely lunch.  I'll definitely go back."  especially as a quiet way to wind down a rowdy First Friday night!" "A relaxed-yet-sophisticated place where the combination of a good wine selection "One of the only places in town to serve this delicious dessert wine called Lilly-Pulli  (raspberries floating in champagne yummo)  Great place for a quick business lunch or a fancier girls night out.  Excellent cheese selection and flatbread pizzas.  I like to sit outside or at least facing the window to see the Light Rail zoom past.  It almost makes Phoenix feel like a big  and sometimes a little pompous. After three or four bad experiences in a row I just don't go there anymore. They do have great cheese plates and a fantastic happy hour...just don't catch them when they have a special event going on." "Pricey but so worth it.  Asked our waiter for cheese suggestions and they always hit a homerun. The wines are always good Overall I was pleased and I will have to go back to try again as I hear their happy hour is great." "My wife and I ate here prior to an event downtown. Metro light rail is conveniently right outside and an easy trip down to US Airways Center. We had a truffle tremor goat cheese plate with the Brancott Pinot Noir for an appetizer along with the poached pear appetizer. This was fantastic! Highly recommended. I think we'll be buying some if we can't find them for home use. I had the fillet mignon with the suggested cab sav and she had the Parmesan encrusted chicken with the suggested Pinot Gris. Both entrees were delicious. $87 before tip for 2 apps muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw "Not normally my type of place as I am much more of a beer person than a wine person.  Very limited and not so good selection of beers available.  It kills me when you see someplace with good food and good wine ignore something that goes better with their food but ignore it because it isn't upscale rnough for them.  The waitstaff was nice They seem to be trying too hard to be something they are not. Too many restaurants within a 10 mile radius that execute a lot higher for the same price. Will not be back."  if you are in cenpho and looking for a good glass of wine it is definitely worth stopping by."  wine and drinks and you can't beat their happy hour deals.  The wait staff provide good service and are friendly.  The perfect place to unwind after work "Totally recommend this place.  The wine selection was the only thing that could have been better.  The waiter was attentive  ""I won't smell it because I don't like to tell customers that they are wrong."" I was so shocked by his response that I did not order another drink.  The server took the glass of wine back behind the bar  though they are doing a really nice Easter brunch. Look for my next review of another place that does breakfast without the crowd  like I was mugged.  I understand the owner has to make a buck  good. i was expecting more i guess. cool decorating and design. i hear the mac-n-cheese (something like 5 different kinds) is really good My 3rd course was supposed to be mousse-stuffed strawberries but instead it was mousse with strawberries sprinkled on top. The pumpkin bread pudding my man ordered was better. The artisan cheese plate my friend ordered was SUCH a dissapointment. ONE piece of cheese to try? C'mon people. We overpaid." BOTTOM LINE: I'll take convenience over value"  and a tad on the expensive side. The eats are tasty We attended our first wine tasting on 5/7.  Very friendly atmosphere and we learned quite a bit about Chilean wines.  Tapas were served as well.  We totally enjoyed our experience! muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw The best part was that our server was able to recommend wines for each of us that we had never tried before but really enjoyed. I love trying new wines so that was a lot of fun. A small plus is that it prints the name of the wine on the receipt so I can actually remember the name to hopefully purchase a bottle another time. Even though I don't come to this midtown area often  and enjoyed the quiet atmosphere.  Thinking I need to take my dog for patio dining next time." "Been going here for a few years and always loved it.  Yelp typically doesn't let you down.  Instead of going to many of the crappy joints downtown before concerts and sporting events we go here.  Even on the way out to Cricket for a concert.  Nice wines  the food that we ordered couldn't get any better and the wine was superb.  I tried two different wines and enjoyed them both - our server (Chris  having heard great things. Unfortunately didn't get to sample the wine menu. But the lunch offerings were good - turkey sandwich was very flavorful with its crumbled goat cheese  and some appetizers.  My biggest complaint is that the food isn't that great.  It is 3 star food with 5 star prices.  The portions are small (like a tapas bar)  will take care of you and will address any issues. The portions for some items are a bit small and the price can be a bit higher depending on the entree. I would highly recommend this restaurant and it is one of my favorite local places in Phoenix. AZ Restaurant week would be a good time to try this place as you can get a multiple course meal for a good price. Also they do offer wine dinners once or twice a month as well as twice a month wine tastings on Saturday afternoons." Won't wait for a wine tasting to make our return...." "I work in central Phoenix and have heard good things about the restaurant. Finally got there for lunch with a friend and we both found the menu to have many items that we would love to try. I decided to have the tuna steak sandwich. It was served open faced and seared which is perfect.  Was seasoned deliciously and accompanied by a fresh side salad.  We had a friendly server  but also learned how they are made. It was honestly a fun experience and I would enjoy doing this again. it is pretty pricey but its all for the experience and the fun of it all." This is a great date spot. This is the place to go for a new wine suggestion. I'll be back soon." "Thank you Cheuvront for challenging me. I have grown weary of all the so called wine bars around that boast more college students and second rate wines than actual good ones. I've been meaning to try this place for awhile. It feels super fancy but you can show up casual. When I walked in I felt overwhelmed ( in a good way ) about the great selection of cheeses and wines. You can also get champagne by the glass! Real champagne from France. I felt silly trying to pronounce all the names of the different cheeses and such. Good for them. It's about time my know it all butt was put in her place. I ordered a glass of sparkling white wine called Gruet Brut from New Mexico. Light I'd definitely recommend this place for a date or a girl's night. It definitely has a romantic  too. Check out their website where they have a calendar with their tasting events." My only complaint is that in the two days I got to visit this place back to back they ran out of things. It doesnt appear that they know how to stock or to have enough food on hand for the day."  you'd expect a lot more...  I'm sticking to Postino." Interesting events - yeppers" I found out about these dinners through FaceBook because I am ""friends"" with the host.  What was great though is when we walked in for the dinner he recognized me     and remembered my name Definitely a romantic place if you want an intimate dinner or are a big fan of wine (which I'm not)." Wanted to go try this place out for Restaurant Week. Stopped in and when we were greeted at the front we were told the earliest we could get in was at 9pm. There were many empty tables and there wasn't even a waiting list for people without reservations. The situation at the door just wasn't handled very well. Can't comment on the food but we'll eat at one of the other hundred restaurants in the metro area. We know we can get some food there. "I can't really think of a metaphor that will really describe this place. My heart is really overwhelmed by the great service that I just had. This restaurant has a lot to offer muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw "Wild red flight with cheese!  Try it. Helpful staff I just enjoyed a fabulous wine tasting here.  My friend and I actually heard about it on yelp. They had a great selection of wines and the salmon pt was delicious. Todd was our server and provided excellent service. Their entire staff was actually quite friendly as well as attentive. I will be visiting here the next time I am in the area nrxt month. A nice way to spend an afternoon in Phoenix. Thanks to Todd B. and Jeff. Snippy waitress. Ran out of bruschetta and caprece salad. Caesar salad was warm shredded lettuce (apparently including iceberg) and tomatoes with some sort of non garlic dressing that was barely able to be tasted. That is not a Caesar salad.  Flatbread came without being cut into manageable slices and crumbled all over the place. Was told the bruschetta would have been made on facacio ??? bread  if they had any. That is not bruschetta.  My companions ordered shared salad and flatbread which arrived without sharing plates.  The kitchen was slow and the wait staff insufferable. The chef is obviously very high on himself.  I was embarrassed to have taken my visiting relative there. We enjoyed our evening anyway.  The service could just use a little work." My friend and I chose to check it out on a mellow weekday afternoon and we did not even eat/drink here because of the initial impression we received. We walked into the front entry and saw there was only one couple at a table and it was slow due to the time of day. We looked around and eventually expected to see anyone who worked there as we awkwardly waited near the hostess stand for several minutes. Finally Glad to see another local downtown restaurant." Had a bottle of wine with my wife before the theatre. The atmosphere was great and the staff was friendly. Didn't have any food though.  and at $5 a plate. Rarely do you leave happy hour full and with money still in your pocket. Excellent service "This place was decent. The happy hour was a good deal for food but the drinks were weak. The prickly pear margarita was very small. The location is close to the Phx Art Museum which is convenient Food was good and full of exciting flavors. Would put 3 $$$ for price. Definitely a must try. Service is great and attentive "Another fun wine tasting in the books! The fella that hosted the Arizona Strongold wine tasting was awesome and we want to thank Todd for selecting some fantastic cheeses for us. The tapas plate was pork belly and blue cheese stuffed dates....incredible!  If you haven't tried a wine tasting here yet  but I've had better. I wouldn't write the place off entirely- I haven't even tried their entrees  you'll probably feel a different vibe than me."   but still casual. It's very quiet and relaxed. Service was great and the staff was friendly & informative."  I was disappointed.  It seemed like it should be a nice place and maybe we just had a bad roll of the dice that night...but I never got to see what they have on the regular menu.  I might try it again to try a cheese plate but I dont think its going into my restaurant rotation."  if you are on the light rail after work  you have not been to very many wine bars. This place does not even come close to most extensive of anything in AZ!!!"  but it's really a very lovely place and I'd really like to see this neighborhood staple thrive!" Fave date spot.  Food is always great.  Love the wine and cheese selection. Cheuvront's is a nice little spot in Downtown Phoenix and a perfect place for a date night. The wine and cheese was fantastic. I was also very impressed by the attentiveness of the wait staff. I'll definitely be going back!  after all) so I let one of the owners surprise me with his favorite red wine and a cheese plate. The shiraz he picked was delish to say it was a disappointment is an understatement.  We have been there several times & live only a few miles away. With that said - the Port tasting was a DISASTER! GO NOT GO THERE FOR TASTINGS!! Unlike most tastings they mark up the bottles by 100% in order to make $$ & sell their very mediocre food.  The pours were so uneven they ran out of Port for several people!! We had all paid $20 & the pours were uneven - BS!!!!!  I was livid & then they served us a tomato/basil/.crap flatbread ""complimentary"" - WTH?? with Port?? Obviously these people know NOTHING about wine pairings.  My husband & I were very disappointed in the service  Italian Wine tastings and everything in between and always have a great time! This past weekend was the port tasting and what a great event. I learned a TON about port that I didn't know and got to try several ports that I'd never had. The tastings are typically $15 and include a small plate (or in this case  our waitress Laura was very knowledgeable and professional."  we had to ask another employee to get him so we could order.  Thomas we not very friendly at all and acted like he did not even want to be there.  I still tipped him 20%  but this meal was heaven in my mouth. For dessert we shared a piece of hazelnut torte and champagne. Perfect date night and worth the extra workout. The staff is wonderful and the ambience is romantic. The only two things would change is a later closing ...& not to serve dinner while the cheese course is being savoured. But because the meal and experience of Thursday night date night was so amazing ... Still earns a 5 ...& my date My only gripe is the ambience. For the money I want it to feel classier."  but don't take my word for it because I'm not a big alcohol drinker. I do like the atmosphere of the place and the fact that they use open table for you to make reservations muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw "My husband and I live a couple of blocks away from this charming piece of history. The menu is very limited (hamburgers and hot dogs) but everything that can be gotten from a local grower or manufacturer is. They have a great variety of Southwestern toppings that they will chop and grill freshly for every burger and dog. The fries are freshly cut and delicious. The guys that run the diner are friendly and the prices are reasonable. The hours are from 11 am to 3 pm Monday through Saturday and it is a cash only operation (my only complaints!). The counter inside is tiny and seats less than 10. There are some tables outside  I thought it was a pretty cool place and will definitely return with more friends in tow.  (Possibly for one of their movie nights...movies + tasty food = a good time).  Bonus points for their helping with the downtown rejuvenation while also supporting local businesses (Schreiner's Just a friendly reminder that it is CASH ONLY!  I had to run to a couple of nearby gas station ATMs since the first was out of order.  Pretty embarrassing but the chef didn't seem to mind and trusted us to return.  Can't complain about any part of the meal and would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Phoenix or any locals that have been snoozing on this gem." Highly recommended!!!" I really enjoyed the food here. There were funny little books available for us to read and there was a notebook where customers could draw in. The whole thing was something I'll always remember... fondly. You owe it to yourself to at least check this place out once." I am so sad that I came here on the last day that this little diner will be open.  I was introduced to this place by a friend of mine who is a regular patron.  It was a nice Saturday afternoon so we ate outside and I think the little diner (with 8 seats) was full.  I had a single patty cheeseburger and the favorite and a coke.  The favorite is fresh cut fries with peppers  also its a small joint so don't go brining like 40 of your office buddies you'll look like a tool." Big thumbs up for this place. Great spot for burgers and dogs!  grab a friend and try this joint out pronto." I'll definitely be back."  very small...this place does burgers and a quick lunch very well.  Not suggesting bring all your friends becaue the space is limited but for a quick bite to eat  otherwise I'll be a lardass. (again)"  and have tried to look past all these things I like Welcome but with 2 issues in 2 visits I dunno If I will be back."  the hours up there ^^ say it's open until 5 I just wish they had later hours...."  no cards accepted. If your service is good- tip them. They are really nice!" or to borrow from a sibling!"  support locals and their businesses...go go go!!!"  they don't give you plates and the food was *very* greasy (our sandwiches came on a piece of waxed paper and the grease quickly soaked through the paper onto the counter).  The other thing I didn't like  heavenly sinful pig-out fare? What's that? You want it at dirt cheap prices and with friendly service? It's perfect. The cheeseburger is oozing cheddar  it's BYOB. There seems to be an issue with alcohol on the patio http://www.restaurantnoca.com/Menu/Specials/NOCA_Nobuo_August_Menu.pdf"  or if you are skipping school or work as it's quite naughty.  One of those mimosas and bloody marys in the morning kind of days.  The Garfield is extremely satisfying and the french toast in a cup is genius  go here. Eat here. Revel in your trip to the land of gluttony. I love this little cramped trailer and it's treasure trove of goodness." You will also be able to book the inside 8 seats on Wednesday-Saturday and have Payton mess with your palette while he doesn't hold his tongue. Contact for more info.." tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  but it is now (temporarily) inhabited by Chef Payton Curry. Check out the reviews here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/payton-curry-at-welcome-diner-phoenix"  but I hope to return in April...maybe on a Tuesday at 10pm for half-price eats." Other reviews of Payton Curry's chef-in-residence at Welcome Diner: http://www.yelp.com/biz/payton-curry-at-welcome-diner-phoenix" tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  please stay out of our neighborhood and stop yelping about how Noca is in a strip mall. Phoenix is on it's way to being regarded as one of the top cities for dining and those narrow minded opinions are no longer welcome." Ridiculous. Top five best dinners in Phoenix." And the food? Inventive  and the proprietors are super friendly. It's only open Sun.-Tuesday and will close for good 4th of July. Go while you can!!" This place is the bomb !!!! Great food !! Blah blah blah it's Tuesday at 9am and they're not open  but the staff made it an awesome experience. They were all very knowledgable and took the time to give us a background on the diner and what their thoughts and inspirations were for the Welcome Diner going forward. I am so excited to come back this weekend and try out some of the grub  friendly staff... we'll be back."  ""red"". Went wonderfully with our shared Roosevelt Growhouse salad [the beets Yet still I wait for the college hang-out."  but not every day.  I know they close at 3 on Sundays.  They are open Thur. thru Sun.  Oh  next time you're out and about downtown Phoenix on a weekend A great spot.  Don't come here on a diet though - my meal soaked through the paper plate and left a visible grease puddle on the counter top.  Psst ... the grit cakes are tasty and absorb the flavors of the meal but they are extremely greasy." I've never actually been to a diner that had a liquor license It is a great time.  My only complaint?  They aren't open enough hours to totally clog my arteries." Great little spot with wonderful fries and biscuit sandwiches. Yummy! tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw Everything I've ever ordered off their menu has been delicious. They have lots of southern food options and they change up their specials menu about once a week. Anything you order will be divine. I promise you. Don't question me  and so full of flavor!  Had it twice...once on Thursday and again on Saturday.  Ran into 4 friends while I sat at the counter Saturday evening.  This place is the best."  go downtown and eat here!" Thanks Welcome Diner! Happy to have you in the neighborhood!"  or sunshine in a cup.  But it does pack a punch.  I felt that drink (the few sips I had) by the time we got back home.  And then I crashed in a delicious food coma." I would recommend this place to everyone and anyone."  the outdoor seating is more stylish than properly relaxing as their comfort food is. Sitting at a picnic table or some old outdoor furniture that looks like it just came from the back of an old shed is too hipster for me. I get it. I get the theme. I get the execution. It just doesn't work for me. But I would definitely eat their grub if I were in the area looking for take out." tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  but he wished it was on regular bread instead of a biscuit. I really like that this place uses local ingredients. I will definitely be back in the near future (I really want to try a burger....yummmm)." The only thing I don't like is that rave reviews are going to make it impossible for us to stroll in on a Saturday night and get a seat at the counter. But they deserve them."  random in the middle of this Phoenix neighborhood. There are a few seats inside but the real experience is to sit out front. Do not expect to sit down at a normal booth and keep to yourself. The seating is basically lawn furniture and a few picnic tables giving the whole experience a backyard barbeque feel. As far as atmosphere ""hipster"" would be the greatest understatement of the year. I could have ridden a bicycle made of mustaches wearing the first black rimmed glasses ever made and I would not have been hip enough among the patrons. The menu is small but efficient and the food we received tasted great. I recommend the fried chicken sandwich with bacon and a hurricane to drink."  cooking and everything culinary. Great guy who knows his s*(&t. Overall Absolutely one of our favorite spots.  and given a wonderful starry opportunity to enjoy the night (or morning) with dear friends." They're just a hop-skip off the 7th St. I-10 exit They try to use local foods.  The staff was great "Looking for a place that is so off the beaten path that you need to drive down a neighborhood road to get to it. Well this is the place. Great food It's pretty close to home so I'm sure I'll be headed here again."  and service? Top notch!" Bravo! This place aced it for me. I always like to read what people order at places to help me decide. I guarantee that anything you order here will be amazing and delicious. Great job guys!! Makes me happy to see a spot like this in Phoenix. Reminds me of Portland. Things are lookin up for the foodie scene. Perfect hole in the wall Diner with awesome friendly service and some awesome soul food to back it up. everything on the menu is amazing! go see it and experiance it for yourself. it's truly unique.  I just sit and drool over it.  I've eaten here a handful of times and everything is so freaking good.  Its comfort food at its best.  And the staff is super friendly and helpful.  They treat you like a regular even if its your first time.  I love the fact that they source all their ingredients from local farmers and purveyors.  I initially thought the prices were a bit on the high side "I will say I was a little surprised to drive up to this place and see it is in a neighborhood on the corner as if it was previously someone's house (pretty sure it may have been). As for seating there are two options either outside on their ""patio"" (felt like someones front yard with chairs) or inside which gave you more of an old school dining car feel. I ordered there PB + B burger and my husband had their shrimp Po'boy special. I had heard eating Peanut butter on your burger was good so of course I had to give it a try. I must say it was a bit odd but very good  and they have great cocktails to boot.  I really wish I could get food like this in my hometown." The wife and I ate dinner here tonight and we got the veggie sandwich.  It was amazing we were both blown away.  Will you please put this on the menu? "This was an excellent adventure. The service is super friendly and the food is unique and deserves more praise. I ordered the fried chicken biscuit with gravy and cheese and bacon. That was the best choice of all the meals I tried and will be what I order when I return. We started with pulled pork fries that were BBQ flavored with a mustard twist. It was bold but I would try something else next time. The burgers were great and the fries were too. Great late night food The staff was awesome and super friendly. The place has such a neat vibe as well. There's truly nothing like it!"  I highly recommend it.  The staff is very friendly and attentive which makes for an even better dinning experience.  There are also plenty of seats outside and a to-go window which makes it even easier.  Great place to hang out  the peanut butter burger and the Friday night catfish poor boy!!! All left smiles on my face wanting more. You have to try this place out!!! IT'S A DEFINITE MUST!!!" I have had three things there. A hurricane (NICE) that buffalo chicken burger and a pulled pork sandwich. All were wonderful. I am dying to come back in the spring when I can sit outside! Peanut Butter Burger.  An event of world-historical importance. We will definitely be going back. I highly recommend this unique little gem in Downtown Phoenix." I'm really excited to be a frequent patron of the Welcome Diner. So happy we found it!"  a biscuit chicken sandwich with watermelon side  just delicious down to the last crumb. A welcoming staff and food that can leave you stuffed! Will definitely keep coming back and invite all who will join. If you your a local you need to eat here  and tip came to about $40.  Had we done non-alcoholic drinks it would've been a little under $30.  Their ingredients are locally sourced so you pay a little bit of a premium for that.  But considering the quality of the food and the unique experience  awesome employees who treat everyone like they're friends. The menu is not of the normal run of the mill type but yet a delicious combination that should be tried. As a local business owner and supporter of independent non-chain places to eat "Amazing amazing melt in your mouth food  and the purity of the food. We went here for breakfast the morning after our wedding because we couldn't think of anywhere else we'd rather eat!" Great spot. I would def recommend this spot for comfort food. The fried chicken sandwich is not to be missed & the fries are amazing! Just ask for extra crispy. Can't wait to go back & try a burger they looked amazing!!!! Welcome Diner is a must try."  the Carol (BBQ pork) and the Big Jim (for especially hearty appetites.  The flavors were amazing! Loved the mustard BBQ sauce on my Carol.  Really wanted to try the Beignets but they were out f them already. Cest la vie...a reason to come back for sure." "Solid 5. Totally chill attitude from the guys behind the counter serving up killer food. To start: an Old Fashion for me and a Candy Corn signature for the wife. We split not one but two orders of the bacon and cheese fries  and not doughy. The biscuit it was on was perfection. Crispy and fluffy where it needed to be with a well balanced butteryness. To make things even better the biscuit did not fall apart after the first bite :). Loved the relaxed atmosphere and music selection outside. The dudes that were working were very courteous and answered questions without eye rolling like you may get at other downtown establishments." Go here for something awesome and different." Wonderful brunch today! I had the Sunrise sandwich and my husband had the Holy Puerco - they were both delicious. I loved the homemade biscuit - light and fluffy and not dry at all. Everyone in the staff is extremely friendly - very positive and relaxing environment. Highly recommend it! Here is a link to the diner's website:  http://www.marthaandmary.net/welcomediner/welcome.html"  always. Straight up & personable folks making and serving everything.  The real locals deal.  Feel like I need to go here as much as possible tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw My minus one star- Needs a booster or something for small kids to sit in." More real complaint: They won't let me move in." Really loved the beet salad!" Well done Welcome Diner well done. See you all next weekend!" Love love love this place!! I've been here for brunch and dinner and everything was amazing!! My bf says their burger is the best burger he has ever had and I have to agree. Super juicy!! The bumblebee is on point too!! I can't wait to go back and try the bacon cheddar fries :) I recommend this place to all my friends when they ask for a awesome place to eat downtown. And they are open late!!! Amazing food! We had the fried chicken on a biscuit sandwiches  one was with the sausage gravy - and the other was the  buffalo one both very good. We had the Hurricanes also very tasty. Definitely going to be on our list of favorites! Surprised I never found this place.. The place was pretty good couldn't think of a complaint  and makes you feel like you are eating a meal made by momma.  Staff was courteous and ambiance was hip. Thanks for the experience  I want to thank these folks for doing what they're doing. If you haven't been here yet This would be a great date place ... if that's something you're looking for. This is also a good place for a group of around 6 friends to take over a picnic table."  I think this has a terrific location to build on being the ""Cheers"" of the Garfield neighborhood. The patio is really inviting and you can watch residents coming and going since it's in a residential area. It is quite hipster-dominated but that's just what a lot of Garfield and the Roosevelt Row area are. Hopefully there will be people to welcome this place for a long time to come." But....what saves Welcome Diner for me is the food. I love the fried chicken and the sausage biscuits and gravy. The sandwiches are also excellent! The orange juice is fresh-squeezed and refreshing Peanut butter burger was good especially for them who love peanut butter in their burger."  great ambiance. Hip but not unwelcoming to middle-agers like me. It was a little more pricey than I was expecting but the food is locally-grown. The ""Carolina"" BBQ sauce on the pulled pork is mustard-based. Pretty good but not what I (or most people familiar with the typical Carolina red sauce) would have expected. Maybe the mustard-based sauce is more common in SC. Hamburger and lemon meringue pie were yummy. All around pretty good." Don't be intimidated by the humble surroundings from the outdoor seating area. It's comfortable and unpretentious "Okay so I went to Welcome Diner this morning after seeing my friends IG post of his food a week ago. Met a friend and we sat inside was greeted by the entire staff including Wayne and Justin the Cook Like I said before I can't wait to go back!! Highly recommend Their red bean and rice are fabulous and the portion is super generous!  I also had the Kentucky Thoroughbred cocktail and it was amazing.  There's something about sitting knee to knee with strangers at a nine-person diner counter talking about food and life and watching the chef's work in the teensy-tiny kitchen.  But don't worry - if you need some space and want to enjoy the amazing AZ weather there's a HUGE patio and fun little order window... something for everyone!  For dessert I got the homemade biscuit with goat cheese and apple butter.  The biscuit was warm but the cheese was cold and that was a weird combination.  But overall everything was delicious and I will totally be back!!! WOW  what a gem- cool spot for a off the grid epecurian delight.  Mike and Lou got it covered from Wiskey to Grits and Carlonia slaw  Fried chicken  a must  get the Big Jim or the Carol.  I will be back for Brunch next time I am in PHX. They serve PBR...Get that... PBR 16oz...Need to stock some Old Smokey shine... "This place makes me wish it was mine! The best home made biscuits They offer some select cocktails and a limited choice of liquor. But this doesn't matter because all you need to know is get a HURRICANE (or 3). You'll thank me later." "This place rocked. We were a little hesitant at first to try it bit it worked out. The location is right smack dab in the middle of a residential area and the diner literally sticks out of a house or possibly used to be a house but the food was phenomenal. All the seating is outdoor with a walk up window to order. The staff and the food choices definitely had a little hipster vibe. The collard greens were freaking amazing and the rest of the food was up to par for sure. Only complaint probably is that the drinks were a bit on the pricy side  house made beer mustard and bread &  butter pickles on a huge homemade biscuit. How they got the chicken freakishly crunchy yet completely juicy on the inside is a mystery right up there with the Loch Ness Monster and Bermuda Triangle. For a side  its a place you have to try. You will not be disappointed in any way. oh did I mention that they are locally owned and locally sourced? So not only can you get good food So they must have been some pretty good hurricanes." I will definitely be back to try their dinner options and grab another delicious cocktail." Place has a lot of character. Old RV converted into a restaurant. Minimal indoor seating but not a bid deal. Wish I lived closer... Great place." Don't listen to these winey bitches who give three stars... They obviously don't understand good food and good service. Would eat here every day if I didn't live so far away. Wow"  but I'm kicking myself. Any place that has beets on the menu gets an automatic A++."  great ambience in ""the hood."" It puts the soul in soul food; can't wait to hang out there again soon as my Lipitor digests; just cool as it gets in Phoenix" Customer service is top notch--everyone that works here is super friendly and the wait time for food wasn't too shabby. I really love the vibe of this place and predict many visits in the future. Day or night  my fiance had a welcome burger and the just custom made me a breakfast burger. The chef came in and made a burger he had just created and gave us a taste. Would totally drive down from LA again for another bite" Went here during first friday and it was a madhouse. I'm assuming things run a little smoother when the line isn't out the door so I give them the benefit of the doubt. Food is amazing all the way!  it's not enough for me to want to support an establishment that employs ignorant morons. I'll stick to Lux for great biscuits and gravy. It's a lot closer and the vibe is better."  easy going individuals who also enjoy good a Americana meal." Love the old diner feel. This place was absolutely delicious! I had the welcome burger & fries & my bf had the big jim. Both perfection!! I can't wait until next time so I can get the biscuit ;) Can't wait to come back to try something else!" "I'm from east coast and I'm trying to find the owner to let me allow this place in my strip mall this food is truely a touch of its own will hit every tasty bud....please understand!!!!!!!!''''''''you will leave leave happy and talking about""I wish I was their neighbor""'''! This spot will leave its mark....watch our in n out burger....be worried if people know what they are !!!" I love this place. All items on the menu are worthy to try them. My favorite one is the Koko (biscuit with fried chicken). The service is a bit slow but they are so sweet and cool that who cares? If you are even remotely close I will return for lunch and dinner to see if it gets better. I would recommend going at least once  there are lighter healthier biscuit choices that come topped with sauteed Kale and fried egg...but this place truly is a destination for abandoning healthy choices and diving head first into fat and calories."  they loved the food and the atmosphere. Just a fun  craft beers on draft... need I say more? I always end up here as an attempt to sober up after hitting up the bars off of Roosevelt. Long story short it never happens because they sell beer and I just end up getting extra wasted. But  the picky vegetarian had some bizarre avocado sandwich and a side of brussel sprouts.  If we end up moving to Phoenix "Nom Nom Nom.  The food here is so delicious!  My personal favorite is the fried green tomato sandwich and next would be the carol.  Of course my all time favorite is no longer on the menu  amazing staff. Only one time did I go where I wasn't impressed. Top of biscuit burnt and chicken dry. Other than that food and service has been superb. Great comfort food and a nod to the south with the fried green tomato sandwich!!" "This place is amazing!  I had the whitefish po-boy and ice tea.  My friends had biscuit sandwiches And a couple cocktails Thanks Welcome Diner for a great night!" "I had a spring salad and my friend had a welcoming breakfast. Both of them are great! If they can use a bigger bowl for salad  "Cute little diner right in the middle of the neighborhood. Stopped here real quick before taking my sister to the airport. We each had a biscuit sandwich: she had the chicken and biscuit with bacon I HIGHLY recommend this spot!!!" I got a fried green tomato sandwich on sourdough with house-made corn salsa and arugula.  It was fantastically delicious.  The ingredients were fresh and everything from the toasting of the bread to the battering of the tomatoes was well-executed.  Although the sandwich was filling and came with a slice of cantaloupe  I will definitely come back to the Welcome Diner!" tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw My only regret is that I leave tomorrow and only got to visit once :(" The staff was pretty friendly and checked on us several times. (I guess it helps that you add the gratuity while ordering+paying Oh and order off the menu the ""Cannibal Fries"".  Simply off the chain.  Fresh cut potato fries with caramelized onions Awesome neighborhood place!"  giant piece of fried chicken and the thickest gravy ever! I tried some and it was so good! Creamy and sinful! The last thing I tasted was the Brussels sprouts. Omg! Goooood! They were crispy and tasty! Only downside was the fries were a little salty. I would definitely go back. The atmosphere is exactly what downtown Phoenix is all about! I loved it!" One of my favorite spots in town. This place is amazing from the staff to the food ist incredible. The Po'boy Fish sandwich is really really good I get that and the Kiko i think... something along those lines is a breat burger.  it's soulful and lovely. Bring an insatiable appetite and leave with a permasmile." This was right of the plane and hungry place- good choice. They have a bloody merryish beer drink. Interesting!" Everything was delicious. We got various different chicken biscuit sandwiches and burgers. Fries were great. Cole slaw was good "THIS PLACE is great. I love this joint. The staff is awesome and the food is great. Their grilled cheese is so good. I also love their beer selection and their full bar. I have a hard time decided what to order when I go here because everything looks so good. This place is tucked away and can easily be passed up Daily salads are a work of art.  Great people serving great food." Holy shit!! You must eat here!! I live in the Bay Area and I still get cravings for that sandwich with buffalo sauce and blue cheese on it!! Why can't they be here in CA?! And that front porch tho!!! So sunny and warm! The staff and the customers who come here are awsome! Ps....please bring back ol' blue!!" HIghly recommend to come after dark in the summer because it is so blazing hot (mostly outdoor seating). We will definitely be returning for more pulled pork fries!" My fianc came here for a late anniversary dinner around midnight. I ordered a special burger they had called the Jose I believe and my fianc ordered the Carol. We both absolutely LOVED our food. The burger I ordered had a jalapeno relish with onions and it was just amazing. The Carol was also really delicious and unlike any other pulled pork sandwich we had ever eaten. The staff was very friendly and it was lit cutely with string lights. We are so happy to have a late night spot to dine in Phoenix that's not a fast food restaurant. I absolutely love this place and we will definitely be back! "Loved. Super duper friendly service. The bumble bee was delicious and filling. Chicken was juicy and flavorful. They made me a margarita even though not on the menu. The boyfriend was very pleased they played the pixies. Casual  and the atmosphere is friendly. I really enjoyed having the carol over fries "Fun local place to hang out and grab a bite when it's a reasonable temperature outside. My bumblebee was excellent. They definitely have the fried chicken and biscuits down.  My friends' three burgers were all overcooked to well-done without the any hint of pink. They're not burger snobs like I am and had no complaints but i probably would have. I also felt the drinks were weak or watered down for $10 a pop. I'll probably be back to try some other food Wow my friend found them on yelp what amazing food had welcome burger excellent.   Also had the corn dog appetizers wow the ladies I was with said it's the best hurricane they have ever had.  Great job guys a definite go to location for everyone. .. tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  and squash blossoms... all absolutely fantastic! We also really enjoyed the biscuit with jam for dessert. Everything about this place was great "Ahhhh! The best burger I think I've had! (the champion?) This place has redeemed my first impression of Phoenix! My beloved and I were just passing through. Phoenix was hot (really hot) Had the Mac and Cheese with Chicken and the Biscuits and Gravy with fried chicken. Both were hands down the amazing!! The restaurant is unique looking and has mainly outdoor seating. A great place with character and its open late. A MUST TRY while you are in the Phoenix Downtown Area.  but sitting outside under the misters was just fine!  I had the pulled pork fries and some poutine! Both were delicious!! The pulled pork has somes mustardy type sauce on it that is quite unusual but good!  The poutine is made with a white gravy and American cheese instead of the traditional brown gravy and cheese curds but very delicious and american dinerish.  Would definitely order again! I also had a hurricane  man oh man chicken doesn't get crunchier than that!  Also had a gin tonic made with their small batch tonic syrup.  My boyfriend had an amazing burger and as thought that wasn't enough we shared the Mac & cheese Was my first time there...I loved it! ! I got the big jim I think..it was biscuits and gravy bacon and fried chicken! !! Mmmm delicious! ! Also ordered the hurricane drink during happy hour it was 6$ such a summer refreshing drink! !  you won't believe it. No it's not pulled pork it's pure veggie. The drinks are marvelous  so be careful in arizona summers" Love this place. Awesome eats. Kick ass staff. Late night hours. Fabulous Tuesday night.  and insanely delicious mac. Melted with different kinds of cheese and blow torched to a perfect crisp. Deeeeeeelish" "First time here and I have no problem giving them five stars.   We had wonderful service provided by Mikey and Drea.  Clayton was the chef and man can he cook. Wonderful food While driving around town my friend and I came across the welcome diner. I've seen it before during an art festival but never had the chance to eat there. Remember that day I told my friend we should try it. When we arrived to the window where you order food the customer service was horrible and very unfriendly. The guy that was taking our order was just rude and not happy at all. It seem like he was upset about something and was taking it on us. It was our first time being there and I would of thought that the guy would of mention the daily special or even recommend he's favorite dish but instead was so commanding and rude. To make matters worse; we did not get our food until an hour later. The burger was dry and not tasty. There was no love to the burger. I don't think I'll go back or recommend this place to my friends or family.  the flavor and and taste is insane..... This reminds me of one of those spots you run into in California.  Trust me Try the jackfruit fries  natural/organic (when possible) food and are creative with their dishes. I'll be back and I'm bringing some GFs next time. ;-)"  and a deliciously unique menu. We'll be coming here often!" "I'm so glad I tried this place after a friend recommended it to me. I ordered the Champion burger with fries. The burger was so good. It was perfectly juicy and the bacon jam was JAMMIN!  there is mostly outside seating. When we went the inside seating was all taken. They have really friendly staff  local ingredients which makes this place even more awesome!!! Service is super friendly and the ambiance is very chill-like you're in an old friends back yard! We ordered the big Jim  hurricanes are well done and there is a good beer selection. High quality food in a relaxed setting." I highly recommend this place...the food is mostly locally sourced...it's fresh...tasty...reasonably priced...outdoor seating available...a laid back vibe...started by 5 friends with varying artistic talents...very friendly and accommodating... tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw The service at Welcome Diner is casual but friendly and efficient. You'll get real attentiveness at the counter and maybe some small talk. Don't expect anything too formal - this is definitely a neighborhood joint tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  our chef for the night. Great job!"  but was super tasty by the time we got it at 5:45.  The whole menu looks really good."  I don't even know but he was super hospitable and welcoming and great all around. The food was out of this world.yum.dude. LOVE." Great food. Great little whole in the neighborhood.  Great people.  Recommend to anyone looking for good food in Phoenix. John and his girlfriend are delightful and definitely NOT hipster."  bacony and gravy-y and delicious. The coffee was good too. This is a great brunch spot." Hurricane is  a must and big joe is amazing!! Staff is very pleasant too great ambiance overall A little to crazy for your taste buds?  No worries.  They have normal food too.  Welcomediner.net" Tried Welcome Diner for the first time tonight.  We did only try the Hurricanes but will definitely be back to try the biscuits. The place is very unique.  We sat outside and it was kind of like sitting in someone's backyard.  They have a walk up window if you chose to sit outside or you can sit inside at the small counter. It was happy hour all day since it was Tuesday.  Awesome!! Service as polite and quick. The Hurricanes were refreshing but not strong. Don't let the neighborhood or decor scared tour away. Can't wait to come back and try the food and other cocktails. service was great. beer was local and delicious. food was wonderful. music was fun and super loud. all in all "Proof that art can come from a two burner kitchen. Laughably small kitchen creates some very big tastes. Plan to go on a cool night and enjoy the great patio. Not an indoor diner "I love this place ! such a big variety of delicious meals to order. No WayJose burger is the best Really cool little casual place to eat with great food! In a nutshell: Love this place. We'll be going back again and again." Absolutely loved our food and the atmosphere. The service was amazing as well. Also loved fact they buy their food locally.  I got the champion burger and it was the best burger I've ever had anywhere. The bacon jam is really a hidden treasure. We'll be coming back hopefully every weekend. Thanks welcome diner for providing an awesome experience.  and the welcome burger along with 3 old fashions. The drinks were served right away with the food very shortly after. All of the items were amazing and we will definitely be back many many many times." I was in town for a graduation and my daughter found this place on yelp and I'm glad she did. The atmosphere was great and the food was excellent. Best time I had in Phoenix  good place to eat.  Found both in Welcome Diner.  It's in the middle of a fairly residential area near downtown.  Very informal and looks almost like a Foster's Freeze type place with mostly outdoor seating.  I sat at the counter.  The three young guys working were having a great time cooking Definitely a place worth checking out ... Just not one that I'd visit frequently."  but so glad I took a nice stroll from mi amigas casa to do so bcus this place is super. I got the eggplant parm special. The breading for the eggplant was on point but I realized I'm not a fan of soggy bread so that kills it cuz you need the sauce. Supper yummy sandy though! I also tried the Bumble Bee. It is served on a biscuit (so warm/so soft) fried chix w/a bourbon mustard sauce  it was probably the best fish sandwich I've had. I want to go again and try everything I can eat. Also please try the honey soaked beignets they serve so you can die happy." Bottom line. We left stuffed and happy. A very memorable meal produced by a great team. We will be back."  as are the drinks(they make their own tonic and other cocktail ingredients). I am pretty sure that all or most of the food ingredients are bought locally. The wait staff are almost all local artists and musicians(as are a lot of the customers) Definitely my favorite diner in AZ. Such a friendly staff! And the Hurricanes... BEST DRINK omg! This place is a must if you are in the neighborhood! I'm only in Phoenix for a few days but I'm tellin ya I will be coming back here before I leave. Hospitality: the best. Ever. Food: I tried the welcome burger medium rare AND IT WAS SO GOOD. Definitely gonna try the Mac and cheese with chorizo next time. The people that work here might as well be family; they're a really tight knit group and we had two of the employees come talk to us--Mike and Wayne: really cool chill guys. You might at first be weirded out by the location (it's in the middle of a bunch of houses) but it adds to the homely feeling that I experienced while at the welcome diner.  but doesn't mess up the sandwich. Oh do these people know exactly what they are doing with the honey on top! Honey and pickles on one sandwich together in perfect harmony (swoon). Chik-fool-a can kiss my diversity after this sandwich. Not that I've eaten there since --you know-- but it was something to miss. My sister had the ""big Jim"" and man is that a lot of gravy. Nothing was wrong in that sandwich other than ordering it with a side which would make you glutton of the year. (She ordered the Mac n'cheese with it and I hope she never reads this).  Don't do it  the mac & cheese with chorizo AND bacon and the Carol - yum!!! We are coming back! The drive from Cave Creek is worth it!!!" You want amazing food try this place. The pulled pork fries are delicious. As is the ginger beer and take the recommendation of the staff you won't be disappointed! Our fish po'boys  and beignets in local honey were SUPERB! Totally worth the adventure."  but the was a major bee issue the day I ate there. It was very hard to enjoy the juicy burger they cooked up for me while I was constantly ducking and dodging the damn bees. Though good  and super secret beignets with peanut butter Strongly recommend the cheese sandwich.  Love the heavy cream with smooth Blue House coffee. Definitely one of the best places to eat in Phoenix. Food is always solid and atmosphere is laid back. Our favorite place to take people Went to celebrate with family and friends and had Delicious Bloody Mary's and feasted on some good ole homemade food for the Soul!  Holy Puerco is The headliner followed by the Bumble bee !  Had a bite of the  peanut butter burger and it was delicious!   Come check them out!   Cool spot!  she wanted to take me to Braggs since she lives downtown but the wait was crazy. I had the welcome breakfast and it was the best breakfast I've had in a long time. The biscuit  but it's a family-friendly neighborhood joint too. Small bar inside and picnic tables on the outside patio encourage a community atmosphere. We ended up having a nice conversation with a guy who sat down at our table. :)" Very fun place to go late night too." "OMG. A must visit when in Phoenix !!! Maybe it is just because I love real food and of course real drink. So my second visit to the Welcome Diner was much delayed with conflicting travel schedules that did not bring me here in time for a masterful dinner sooner. My loss... Check out the pics this time around. Biscuits Gravy - Fried chicken - Yes FRIED EGGS (2)- Brussels Sprouts with Bacon and of course red slaw. Well cardiologists you must be jealous. Drink order:   ""Black Cat"" = Bourbon rocks +  splash of Absinthe. Drink of the Kentucky Gods.     Only request would be that they stock some Old Smokey Shine in a Mason Jar of course." "This place is SO rad. My crew and I were in town working an event and couldn't find anything open for dinner and drinks after 10pm. Found this place on yelp and was so so so happy about it. Looks like something you would find in Austin  slurricanes are perfect. The end."  but it works especially on their fries. Wed. has a happy hour featuring those same fries with pulled pork and a very special Cole slaw. Add a burger and a beer and you've got more than enough for two for dinner at under $25. This is serious food My husband and I had our wedding dinner at Welcome Diner and it was absolutely perfect. Before friends arrived I warned the staff that there was a sizable group coming by and if we were in the way or too loud to please let me know and I'd deal with it. The staff's response was If you're near downtown and not afraid to go a little off the beaten path "This place is freaking awesome. Burger is on point. It's outside and you will probably have to wait a little bit "This is probably my favorite place to grab a casual dinner in Phoenix.  It is usually pretty busy on the weekends so be prepared to wait a while unless you can find a spot at the 8-10 seats inside.  Unless you are a veg I expect you to try the fries smothered in pork and slaw.  Hands down the best thing I've had there to date.  The PB&B burger is great and so is the Bumble Bee biscuit.  If you live in the downtown area or you hit up RoRo often The late-night hours are great and the outdoor seating lets me take advantage of one of my favorite things about living here - the cool Phoenix nights. So in to it." This is my favorite place to come sit outside. Really delicious food. Love coming late night for whiskey sours too. Staff is always awesome.  they give you real cream for your coffee... Did you hear me? Heavy fricken cream!!! So good. Make sure you follow these guys on facebook for their beautiful daily specials that you wouldn't find in any other diner in the world (fresh made chicken and dumplings with butter poached chanterelle mushrooms for example). Have the pb and bacon burger... So yummy. Drinks? Forget about it Summation: Do you like food? GO HERE." Can't wait to try the biscuits next time.  Atmosphere is laid back.  Bathroom is tiny. Food is very tasty  I will return someday for another jackfruit po'boy Freaking AMAZING food. Some of the best I have had in my entire life. And the service is incredible. We were impressed with our main entrees and by the guys who run this little miracle on wheels." -Maisie. Cousin of Joe from Jayhawk Country."  authentic food in Phoenix. My favorites include the Big Jim (chicken biscuit w/ gravy + bacon) and the PB&B. But everything is great. Awesome atmosphere and employees Simple review. I will definitely be back... Tomorrow! Just look at the pictures. Phenomenal. "Classic diner food and drinks with a twist. We came here on First Friday to try out something new as we're typically inclined to hit Angel's Trumpet. This place is a true diamond in the rough that you would end up passing by if you didn't know what you were looking for. I got the Chicken Philly which was on special that night. The chicken was perfectly seasoned Amazing food!!! The best burger I've ever had. Everything thing here is amazing. Super fun ambiance & place to hang out. It has very reasonable prices for the quality you get. The staff are all super nice. You have to come here!!!!  they were playing great music and we had good conversation with the bartenders and even the cook. Will be back soon!" "I love this place. What a neat little local gem in the Garfield Historic District.  The food is delicious and the drinks are made with love and real juices. This is my favorite brunch spot downtown "This is the homiest  most delicious place to visit. You won't be disappointed in the chicken "Found this AMAZING little Gem while looking for some street art in the Phoenix Art District. A MUST try and MUST visit for good home cooking "The Big Jim and the beignets have been on my foodie bucket list for some time and I finally stopped by last Sat.  The food was good (not great) but the ambiance was totally unacceptable.  They had a DJ playing music at an obnoxious volume. Not only was it at an unneighborly volume for being in a residential setting  and a well-cooked egg. My gin and tonic (ordered on a whim) was a bit weak for my taste. 5 stars for a better drink and a cleaner bathroom." The big Jim and the Carol are both fantastic. It is also a really nice place to sit outside in the evening.  and gravy with syrup. The chicken was so awesome so tender! The wait staff was awesome as well!!!! Thanks for a great time!!"  but sooooooooo worth it!!"  you get to the walk up window where you check out their ever changing specials menu board or the regular menu with a wide variety of fun dishes to choose from. They also have a full bar with a drink menu which I was pretty happy about! The food is all made in house with the very freshest local ingredients  in the middle of a neighborhood in downtown Phoenix . My boyfriend and I have been here now let's say 7xs and I'm shame to say I'm finally writing a quick review. There food is delicious and fresh. Check out my pictures I definitely recommend this outdoor diner to everyone you won't regret it. My favorite is the koko; crispy moist fried chicken in between delicious biscuits with a spicy cream sauce and fresh tomato and arugula with a side of sweet watermelon !" Great little funky place.  Unique food done very well.  Inexpensive place to chill out open late.  period. You won't regret it."  I am still in a food coma..." It's wonderful that such a unique place exists in the neighborhood - love having cool places to show people to prove that Phoenix really is a fun place to live."  with love and attention to detail. Someone came out and checked on me while I was eating This place is awesome! It totally remind me of hole in wall joint in San Diego. The vibe is great and the food is amazing. You know it's a great place to eat when the line is hitting the street. "Be ready for yum. These guys hit all the right notes - quality food with no pretense. This is what diner food should be. Get a nice drink to start  a great spot to stroll into in the morning after a huge night out on the town their Bloody Marys will make you feel just right again!!!" Hands down the best brunch I've ever had. Inventive "some of the best food in downtown phoenix hands down & fantastic customer service!! i love the consistency of this place The pulled Jack Fruit was magnificent! Super convenient and a nice home feel.  local and comfortable. It's one of the few...actually ONLY respectable restaurants that I can walk into on a Friday and Saturday at 7pm without a 2 hour wait or calling ahead for a reservation. I hope welcome diner is preserved forever Favorite new spot: 1. Best biscuits in Phoenix. 2. Amazing food. 3. Delicious libations. 4. Great staff. 5. Reasonable prices. 6. Crystal's Hot Sauce. Dk7idKMGFO_7uRZ41QSy-A Place is awesome.   No words can describe this place.    It is in the ghetto but distinguished.    Service is friendly and personable.   Well done!  it was delicious.  Ordered the beignets for dessert. They may have been the best I've ever had and that includes the originals from Cafe du Monde in New Orleans.  It's defiantly a young crowd and it gets busy but it was nice to just hang out and enjoy a beautiful warm night. The cocktail list is innovative and they know what they're doing.  Highly recommend."  and arugula surrounded by a delicious basil cashew pesto. Unbelievably refreshing. To finish we went with the honey drizzled beignets and basically licked the plate clean. Oh and also the cocktails here are amazing - heaven on earth. And we spent about $60 on all of it. Such a ridiculous bargain. Writing this from the lovely shaded patio waiting for our eggs and biscuits to arrive. We might never leave!" If in Phoenix eat here. Fried Chicken and a Champaign-a-cane. Fucking fabulous on a Sunday morn.  the best garlic chicken sandwich I've ever had. love the fries too. nice people." "Chose this diner because of all the rave reviews and wasn't disappointed! Five stars for atmosphere  comfort food with a modern twist.  The standouts that I've tried thus far are the PB&B Burger and the Big Jim.  The handcrafted libations are all done very well and they are not shy with their pours!  It comes as no surprise to me that this business is thriving and growing!  All day happy hour on Tuesdays.  Check it out when you're in the hood or downtown!" 8/10 on the hipster-o-meter. Really friendly staff. I had the big jim and my friend had the watermelon salad. Both were really good. 2 minor negatives would be the price ($9 for chicken bacon biscuit sandwich) and lack of seating.  the bill was over $20 and the food was sub-par. Will I try this place again? Possibly with some liquid courage." "What a great dive! Welcome Diner has a Happy Hour. I got Carolina BBQ fries and a homemade ginger beer.  That beer had so much ginger it tasted peppery and it is strong! So delicious! The fries were a touch too salty with the mustard based BBQ and vinegar slaw. John got a Big Jim with was a huge biscuit with fries chicken "I had a great time dining at this place. Loved the casualness of the establishment. Order from the walk up window and the food gets delivered to your outdoor patio table. The food was comfort This place is amazing! Went for some late night chow after a show. Service was great food was soooooooo good! I had the delicious best ever vegetarian jackfruit sandwich and my friend had the Mac n cheese. Recommend!  it's a large tasty portion. There's a bartender inside that makes great a great old fashioned. The seating is first come first server and there's no table service (unless you sit inside at the bar which seats about 8 people). Have one person wait in line to place your order an another hold down some spots during busy hours."  best joint in all of Phoenix. Quaint outdoor seating and the most incredible home cooked southern style dinning. Every single thing was delicious."  it is delicious. The only caviot is that the hurricanes and other drinks don't seem near as strong as they used to."  the food was excellent and the drinks were tasty. Topping it off was the outdoor seating and the crowd  but I was proved wrong for sure when we sat down. First of all the vibe here is what is (hipster) but very happy friendly people both behind the counter and what I would suspect are regulars. The employees were very helpful and patient with me taking my time to order  they make some refreshing mixed drinks (I had the Hurricane) and they also have a nice little beer selection as well. I almost forgot about that... I probably need to drink less of them next time."  and 2) there were quite a few ants on the narrow table/bench where I sat outside.  I can understand these things being ""normal"" for ""normal"" situation outdoors "I love my Mac and cheese with extra sauce and Brussels sprouts and don't forget the second generation. It's phenomenal. For the most part the staff is super inviting and ""welcoming"". I've only had a couple experiences where I've felt like an inconvenience to them. Definitely not everybody there is like that!"  and you won't be disappointed. The cocktails are great too!" And unlike a lot of the downtown establishments the hipsters working here smile and say thank you and stuff. so refreshing. thanks for being awesome!"  groovy and welcoming. When I have guests flying in town this is always my first stop after the airport! Welcome diner is life!"  and great service. The patio is fun and people watching the neighbors as they walk by just adds to the uniqueness of this food truck turned restaurant. What more do you need?"  and fried green tomato sandwich. This is also one of my favorite spots for cocktails!" The fried green tomato on a biscuit with an egg....what....that's right...go there....orgasmic flavor explosions....everybody here is like family...great concept great people and amazing food. Just reminds me of a queens New York diner with way better food. Chef Michael Babcock is nothing short of genius. Ask for the ""David"" and your life will be changed...open til 2...get your fix. See you there. Big up to Wayne *Bike parking available and free car street parking too!!" We will definitely be back and often.  :)" This is my late night joint. Fire biscuit selection. Staff is fantastic and loving. Top 5 pics In Phoenix handdddds down.  but I'd have to say the tomato was the standout. The sourdough bread they were served on was a treat in itself. We finished up with the beignets with local honey and powdered sugar which were also insanely delicious. A little different than what I've had in New Orleans In the din of a South Central Phoenix neighborhood lies a throwback gem serving up some of the most creatively constructed southern comfort dishes this side of Paula Deen's mint julep soaked dreams. Run by a bunch lads that seem to be the progeny of a hipster-hippy relationship gone incredibly right the place has a great atmosphere and spot on service to match their menu.  A definite must stop when you make your many forays in the increasingly attractive downtown corridor. "Awesome spot! It's like a permanent food truck/ diner combo with plenty of outdoor seating. Strung up lights and eclectic furniture help create a cozy "What a great little find. A little oasis in the middle of a foreboding neighborhood. Have been a few times (once twice in the same day) and not yet disappointed. Except "Legit burger! I had paradise valley burger earlier in the day and the burger here was better in my opinion. I had the peanut butter burger with bacon and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Much better value compared to PVB. I also had a biscuit with honey and it was delicious also. Great place When we got there it was late at night.(almost their close) and they were out of everything. No problem they asked us what we wanted and they made substitutes and the food was delicious. Wow. I mean yes it was late night eats but I wouls get this at any time of the day.  Looove it. I would religiously talk about how great this place was....tonight june 13 was off!!! Our biscuits came out burnt....sent back...good brought back the sandwich was super salty....fries with gravy cold the cheese stuck it all together....tell the waiter he's says....it's you!!!!45.90bill for three biscuit chickens and it's me???!!!! What a bad experience and customer service was less than one star!!!! I'm sorry welcome back diner but me and my friends family won't be back#!!!!! Hire employees that actually care! My new favorite late night food spot. The cocktails were outstanding (do yourself a favor and get the whiskey sour) and the portions were large and delicious. My girlfriend and I split the Jim Bob and it was plenty for a late night snack. My only disappointment was that it took me almost 8 months living here to find the place. I ordered a hurricane and beneigts and instantly  felt like I was back in New Orleans! Fresh and yummy! Everything we ordered came out within about 15min  I always take them here for great drinks and delicious food. My go-to drink is Whisky Sour and my go-to food item is the Little Birdy- MUST TRY! Either the Litte Birdy  mustard) and my husband ordered the  PB&B burger (burger with peanut butter and bacon).  My dish came with a few pieces of sweet watermelon and his came with a side of slaw. We first experienced a peanut butter burger at rehab where they also add grape jelly and sriracha and my husband has been on a PB burger roll ever since. He thought his burger was very tasty and ate his whole plate. I liked my biscuit dish but I think I was expecting something a little more....substantial? The chicken was really great and moist but it felt like there was something missing. I think I was expecting it to be slathered in honey/sauces but it was certainly worth the price ($8.50). I'd definitely come again but I think I'll try another dish next time."  then the grilled cheese and fried green tomato sandwich! Loved everything but the AZ heat. Go inside! ALL the staff is friendly. A must visit in Phoenix" tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  and it was a great experience. Highly recommend the koko biscuit and the hurricane! Will be back soon :)"  you would do well to pound a path to this wiggity-wack little diner in the middle of a dusty old Phoenix neighborhood. Off the beaten path  beautiful ambiance. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes to eat local food outdoor in Downtown Phoenix."  great drinks and a great al fresco dining experience make Welcome Diner one of my favorite spots in Phoenix. If you come at night sit at the big round table on the 10th street side for great views of downtown."  the food is AMAZING. We came here on a Friday night at around 7 and it was decently busy. The thing about this restaurant is they make you tip before you get your food. I made the mistake of tipping 17%. While the food came out pretty fast   finally somewhere in AZ that actually cooks the burger how you order it. Plus they have brewed in az beers to top it all off. It's hidden in a kinda sketchy neighborhood  but the decor within the restaurant makes you feel comfy and the food is so worth it!  I will definitely be going back!" "This place had some pretty spot on food! The atmosphere was pretty quaint and enjoyable. Nice little joint. Only downside was the limited hours...it'd be nice to be able to grab lunch during the week here "Food is great. Food is 5 stars. Service is meh. 3 stars for service. The gripe on the service is probably more to my personal taste. The place is very hipster This place is AWESOME. Seriously a gem in the area. I was taken here last night and returned tonight because it was a no brainier. This is the perfect spot for a late date night. Great food and awesome drinks. I am a huge fan of the ginger beer(added it to a old fashion). They have a really awesome staff that really work hard. They have great customer service skills and seem to really like working there. All around this is a great business and I will be back many more times in the future. This place is no joke. The biscuits are to die for. Pork Fries are unreal. I wish I had more room in my stomach to try everything on the menu. The service is top notch as well. Just an awesome place to eat and chill with friends or  bring your family for a late dinner for outdoor seating :) all food choices are unique and absolutely delicious. You have to try the biscuit sandwiches!! Their gravy is like no other! I loved it and I'm not a big gravy fan.  with a side dish of humor to make the evening even more fun. Looking forward to my next visit and bringing friends to experience this fabulous establishment." The staff was very friendly and while they were only moderately busy service was very prompt. There is plenty of parking on the street. I will definitely be back." Food is  an A-. Service is A+. Environment is A+++. My suggestion is to have more items in the menu. "This little gem is tucked away in a quiet neighborhood near downtown Phoenix. We happened to be driving through on the I10 and I am so glad that we stopped. The service was friendly and had some awesome recommendations as it was our first time. Everyone loved their orders Keep opening up fun places and turning around Phoenixs food culture!"  fun atmosphere. Happy Hour is great  or were here for your first time! The food was mind blowing. My family of four inhaled everything on our plates! The only disappointing thing is there is not one in our hometown! I STRONGLY urge everyone to stop by THIS IS DA BEST PLACE!! I had the grilled cheese and boyfriend has the PB&B burger and both were friggin amaze-balls. I just left in a food coma and I already want to go back. Coolest staff. Best food. AND DA DRANKS. So good. I like. Go here. By time my food arrives my friends are done eating wack services . I was the first one to order too lol had get my money back "It's kinda southern comfort food with a hipster twist.  I'm a fan.  I hear they have an awesome ""after-hours"" scene on weekends.  When I'm in that kinda mood I will try it." Such great vibes at this place and their pulled pork fries are like a dance party in my mouth so delicious! "Absolutely love this place. Great vibe BTW: Fried Green Tomato sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had!"  is very good!  The menu is pretty limited because it's a VERY small space but we all had some biscuit sandwiches and they were really nice!  Hot and fresh!"  and this is a great example. A real gem in Phoenix."  but these actually seemed to venture to the weak side - FYI."  and the poutine and I've got to say that everything is beyond incredible. Their Hurricanes are the best drinks! Staff is always friendly and the food is so worth the price. Love it!"  but their fried green tomato sandwich is better than most things in life. And I will happily come back for that over and over. I don't think I'll get tired of it "The only bad thing about Welcome Diner is that I always crave it on Mondays when they are closed! This is our go-to late night spot when we need some comfort food. But Welcome takes comfort food to another level. They use local QUALITY ingredients and I am a firm believer that this makes ALL the difference in food. We have tried lots of things on their menu: all of their biscuits and gravy. The Big Jim with fried chicken is my favorite. ALWAYS add a fried egg. Burgers. Poutine. The shredded pork fries and jackfruit meat vegan fries. We've tried a number of their specials. I ALWAYS get an order of their brussel sprouts. Beignets. I have never ever been disappointed here. Thank you for being you Come here for the righteous chicken sandwiches and greasy burgers! A PBR will sweeten the deal "Such a cute place! Perfect hang out spot with friends they close at 2am! Even cute for a first date! Not many vegetarian/vegan options though. I loved the feeling of being at home  great food. I get takeout from WD at least once a week."   if it's actually going to be good.  This is one place where not just the food speaks for itself...the service was great and the best part is how they actually bring the food out to you even though you order a food truck window." Thank you WD staff for being so bad @$$ - continue to kill it!"  awesome scene! Get the pulled pork fries and fried green tomato sandwich! Don't think twice about this place  BBQ and burger. Who knew? Treat yourself to this fun little diner and you will find yourself laughing and talking to the other guests like we did. Great food with a great staff."  health ect. and had to stop eating here because their were hardly any veggie options and we were never given a straight answer about whether any of the products were local. Vegetables aside eats me some fried chicken here mm m m m mmmmmm" "I love this place. IDK what Brentski is talking about. lol I have been going here for years... And this is my first review ever and it had to be for my favorite place in Phoenix. Everything on the menu is fabulous!! Even the PB&B burger that I never thought I would try... Amazing. Their slaw and Brussels sprouts are on point!!!  sweet and courteous. I'm visiting from Cali and I most definitely will try to come back before leaving." "Just left an awesome dinner at Welcome Diner. Staff is beyond friendly  I like the diner feel.  I had the welcome burger and he cooked it perfectly.  The poutine was delicious.  Very very good find for us.  Burger "Still the best place! I had the jackfruit po-boy and oh boy!! (I know... I'm sorry. It was just sitting there. It felt wrong not to.) also  especially the fried green tomatoes ! Can't wait to visit downtown Phoenix again and the Welcome Diner!" Also on my favorite list is Poutine Fries. Fries   but this needed one. There used to be a vegan ace in LA called pure luck. Had this bbq jackfruit sandwich that I loved. It went out of business a while ago and I haven't found one like it since. Until last night. That jackfruit po'boy was amazing. One of the best sandwiches I've ever had. My hat is off.  Honestly Food so good!  Staff so good!  Neat little old trailer and patio so GOOD!!  beer... Immensely satisfying biscuits and gravy. Cute Art Deco store front. Everything is perfect in the modern diner way as far as I can tell" "Got there at around midnight. Waited patiently to order the famous chicken biscuit sandwiches and poutin fries.  Unfortunately they were completely out of fried chicken and gravy.  Our bad luck turned into good luck because we had to go with other options.  Turns out the po boys and burgers are amazing!  Don't be afraid to go outside of your ordering comfort zone here.  Don't guzzle your drink too quickly  but it's super tasty!! Their fries are crispy and taste like real potato. The second generation cocktail is really good and I can drink those all day!" "Coolest place downtown! I'm sure them staying open for food until 2am has something to do with it. My sister and I shared a burger after a concert and it was so good we wanted more! Next time we will not share If only I could give them 1/2 a star for the unlimited cold ice water "What a little gem this place is. I really loved the cozy feel of the place. Mostly outdoor seating or you can eat inside at the bar. The food was amazing and the staff was super friendly! I got the PB & B which turned out to be really good. Who would have thought peanut butter on a burger would taste good   late night munchies happen all the time. Welcome diner always cures." tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  and the locally sourced ingredients. We split two burgers--the Welcome burger and the Blue Sky burger. Both were delicious and came with a side (we tried the cole slaw and the side salad). They have a cool retro bar and solid beer list  cute patio area. The cooks were churning out orders quickly. My boyfriend ordered a delicious White Russian stout and the blue sky burger  it's great to find a place with great food. Seating is outdoors. The food itself is awesome. I usually get a chicken biscuit. The biscuit is great and so was the chicken. They have gravy fries (putain) "I live for their jackfruit fries. A little pricy but worth it  this would normally be an odd combination but the sweetness of the pickles and the salt from the peanut butter made for a great duo. The atmosphere was very lively and happy. The service was good but when you order there is a small window that you order through and the woman/man who takes your order sticks you drink through this tiny window. This is a great Establishment and I will definitely be coming back." I will definitely be returning. There are a bunch of other delicious sounding items I'd like to try. A place with a cool  with quality ingredients. Great laid back atmosphere. Had a great time!" This place was amazing! Excellent service! Superb food! I see myself spending lots of time here with friends and/or family. Thank you!  and wonderful service. Not a lot of seating inside  outdoor setting! My only complaint is that it opens at 5..I've caught myself on multiple occasions auto piloting to Welcome Diner just to knock myself in the head for forgetting its not open during lunch hours." Good food! good fun! Shout out to the ladies jumping rope late hours! Great little diner. I've lived right down the block and never stopped in. When I found out they had food until 2am I stopped it. Love everything about this place! Burger was really good tried the fries they werent bad i like set up. Like that it didnt taste like a regular burger The fact that this place is basically in the middle of a sketchy neighborhood actually added to the appeal for me. It's a bright spot with outdoor seating that makes you want to have a good time. Can't wait to come back." "The best place I have been with all of my roommates. Definitely as good as they say! This is such a perfect  they make their own tonic water for their gin (or vodka) & tonic. They have a small menu of really exceptional dishes It was a great atmosphere with legit eats!" Best ginger beer in town!!! Food is all incredible.  Try the whole menu. Always fun to sit inside.  Hurricanes are delicious and I vote it best place to be on new year's eve! tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  mac n cheese with chorizo. I would've gone with fried chicken but he said chorizo was his preference. It was delicious. The Toddy and macaroni was perfect comfort food on a cold night. This is only one experience. I've brought everyone from friends  and the best burgers ever!!!" "Literally the best Mac and cheese in town. I journey from very far just for that! I'd write more "I'm obsessed!! Me and my two girlfriends came by here for a late night dinner and we were blown away! What amazing hospitality and food! The pineapple beer is flawless and the fried green tomato sandwich was to die for. Thank you for taking care of us so well Sometimes the line can be ridiculously long especially on first friday so just The food was better than acceptable and it was hilarious to see the expression on the window clerk's face when I ordered a Coke and no booze.  She was quite friendly though and the server also was for the most part.  The crowd seemed laid back and content to mind there own beeswax.  I'll definitely hit this joint up again at a later date. Their idea of $8+ poutine is white gravy on a sad amount of fries? Pathetic. Don't waste your time. This is my favorite place to eat when I'm in AZ. I travel all over the west and this place makes me smile every time. Great local food and the Beers are always legit. A must visit !  Cheers.  take a cheat day here and get their Mac N Cheese! It is to die for!! All their food is amazing!!"  the food is amazing. Great job in the kitchen. Drinks are awesome. Prices great. Fun and social atmosphere  the grilled cheese and the little birdie are so good and they have a good selection of beers and cocktails. Most of the seating is outside (there are big heaters for the colder months) with a very few seats inside although I have never eaten inside. Staff is very friendly and has a really great neighborhood vibe."  it's all about the grilled cheese on the biscuit with bacon added. The sides that come with the dishes are disappointing. I'd prefer a smaller/easier to eat sandwich with some sauteed veggies."  great atmosphere. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the food is a bit pricey.  But don't let that stop you from trying it at least once. (Though I think if you go once "When you see the building you might be like ew gross but then once you try the food you're like yummmm! I've been here a few times and always like my food! Drinks are good too! I would use the restroom before coming here though  we decided to try this place out. It was ridiculously expensive for what you get. Not great for kids as there are no kids menu options and they wouldn't serve a smaller portion of the $8 mac and cheese ""snack"" when I asked. Also no high chairs or booster seats. My husband had the biscuits and gravy which he said were tasty  since it's their area I'm sure we will be back before you know it!" So different. So simple. So delicious! Pretty amazing every time I've been here. First time I went with a Clever Koi cook and he knew the people that worked there so we got free samples. Can't really go wrong with anything but the fried green tomato sandwich with bacon is probably my favorite. They open later on in the day and are open until 2am. It's our #1 choice for a late night bite!"  and a generous cocktail list. For a very small price  adding Tomato Confit and Jalapeo Relish made it extravagant!" "We were looking for a late nite bite. Although nobody called us dude (sir) it was only because we were old enough to be everyone's parents. No matter Welcome Diner has made me rethink fries with toppings. Someone (chef) tell me the secret of layering your already tasty fries with savory pork and somehow keeping the fries crispy underneath?! It's one of life's greatest mysteries but I am okay with it. Can't wait to return for a homemade whiskey sour- the mix is tangy and tart and just plain yummy. Love love love this place! I can't say enough good things about it. My cousin lives in downtown so whenever I'm in the hood this is where we always choose to go. Food is to die for!  but we waited 45 minutes to get our food ... That's crazy.  Kitchen is way too small "This place is so cute! I can't get enough of it! They make their own ginger beer! Chicken and waffles! Biscuits! PBR! Huzzah! The poutine is a must try. The atmosphere is casual and friendly  within 20/30 mins of them being there AND gave them free drinks. Maybe it's because we're Asian and we were the minority at the diner." "One of the best spots to go after a night of dancing/drinking. Food is good! I've had a few burgers and they all were awesome "Beignets to die for! We happened onto this place after flying in at 11:00 pm from Philadelphia and what a find. Friendly Love their burgers.. Great atmosphere .. I suggest you guys come early to beat the rush.. The peanut butter burger is amazing.. I will definitely be back on Tuesday for all night happy hour. Being in the industry Excellent burgers and house made ginger ale.  Dinner came along with entertainment - police raid next door. Can't wait to come back!" you're great I hope to visit in the summer to keep the spirit alive !" LOVE this place! Super friendly staff and super good food. Such a good time and dog friendly!  and fries. All were delicious! The sourdough bread was exceptional. Looking forward to trying more dishes. We will definitely be back. Charming neighborhood eatery with friendly staff." They don't believe in customer service at the Welcome Diner.  Just hipster beards and mediocre cheeseburgers.  Sitting at an 8 top and the food runners can't take an order for us at the table and want us to wait in line?  This place is a hell hole. We have been waiting for more than an hour for our food on a Sunday night... I hope that it is worth this ridiculously long wait! Its picnic/family style seating in an outdoor patio that lights up nicely at night. If youre travelling to this place to eat tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw Awesome! Mac n cheese with bacon was insane!  Couldn't believe how much bacon they put in it.  Portions are huge!  Had to wrap most of it to go. "My husband and I loved this place! It has a laid back ambiance and is so unique! The food is a mix of New Orleans style and is so tasty! I'd recommend the poutine fries and the fried green tomato sandwich.  Also they make pretty good cocktails  and everything I ate and smelled was insanely delicious!"  perhaps a few bar style seating inside and a picnic style outside dining area in a downtown neighborhood. Expect to wait 20 minutes or longer waiting in line to order at the window Me and my family came to welcome diner had the no way Jose burger biscuits with goat cheese and jam and had the sweet beignets with local honey it was very succulent delicious and the bomb I give it 5 stars you got to get here  but I definitely wanna come back and try some more.  Get the ginger beer The burgers are delish fries are so good and the staff is friendly and helpful the spot is very hip and the vibe is chill I will definitely be back  but the menu items are majorly overpriced in light of the quality on the day of my visit. Plain biscuit was $4 and about the same quality as a Waffle House biscuit that sells for 1/3 of that." "My #1 Favorite place in Phoenix. That rare combination of great menu  and (Garfield) fried egg sandwich. Everything is fresh as well as the hamburgers are like a thing from the past (fantastic)!!!! Quite little in and outside seats- most importantly its cash just! Worth the drive! and an experience you must not miss!" tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  there's is by far the best. You can't go wrong with any options. Vegetarians (and carnivores) will love the Jackfruit. Plus it's got a laid back atmosphere that's perfect when you want a low key dinner without compromising for low quality food." This place is small but it has a wonderful atmosphere and great food. The patio is a great spot to sit with friends day and the staff is really nice and helpful. I love that the location is convenient if you live downtown and its a fantastic spot for late night food. The biscuits and gravy are amazing here too. I would recommend this place to all my foodie friends!  few can get those flavor profiles right). But this jambalaya? Damn! I think cajun-foodies will be extremely pleased! The taste is like homemade New Orleans cooking "Incredible. I traveled to pheonix for the weekend and ate here late-night twice. Maybe it was the condition I was in after a concert Good service and yummy food. I had the PB&B burger and my boyfriend had the No Way Jose burger. Both were good and we both enjoyed the fries. We plan to eat there regularly now! I do recommend to get there early or prepare to stand in line and wait by the fence for an available table.  very old diner from the 1940's. I did not like the burger I got but to be fair I knew it was just me and not them. I got the PB Burger which I am guessing is an acquired taste that I have not yet acquired. Ha! So I wiped off the PB and devoured all the ingredients separately for this review. I was pretty happy with the results. All the ingredients were delish. The burger juicy and tasty. For some reason I was nuts about their pickles. lol. I love pickles but these were extra wonderful to me. I also liked their Brussel Sprouts. Super cool and friendly staff too." This place is so unassuming but it will punch you in the life with deliciousness! I just think about the biscuits and the gravy and the chicken! I have only gotten my food to go because we have several kids and it looks like a cool place for date night. The hours are hard to remember. But it's yum!  and the beignets. Everything was absolutely delicious. I want to come back Cool hang. Killer food. Gives a whole new twist to what diner food can be. Totally playing to the strengths of Phoenix. One of the best burgers I've had in town. Killing it here!  I am interested in trying everything else on the menu. I guarantee we will come back. Specifically to try the poutine fries and the Champion burger. And the biscuit sandwiches. And sausage gravy. I would ask more questions of myself but I think I'd end up writing too much about food on the menu I didn't get an opportunity to eat..." DELICIOUS!!  The chicken sandwich is outstanding! Visiting Phx from SD. Found this small diner on a yelp search. We are heading to east phx for a concert. Wanted something close by but not too pricey.  Nestled in a historic district surrounded by many original cottage homes this little walk up diner has some tasty eats. My sone went for the pb&b burger peanut butter and bacon. Came with fries. He says 5 stars. My husband got the fish po boy. A big piece of seasoned grilled fish with coleslaw on a bun. Nice and meaty flavorful fish. I got tge fried green tomato sammie with roasted brussel sprouts side. The sandwich was spicey but flavorful. Only miss here were the roasted sprouts. Too much overdark roasted sprouts. The ones not too browned were good in their simplicity. A thumbs up all around. Great comfort food...happy hour Tuesday is awesome.  Go hungry and then don't eat the next day to make up for it.  Pork fries were just awesome.  what really has me coming back is the home brewed ginger beer. It's spicy and biting but all around refreshing. So unique and flavorful! Made of the exact stuff that makes this place so special." Great service!! Very friendly!! We came on a Friday night so the kitchen was a little backed up but it was worth the wait. Definitely recommend!! There aren't words... Just go. Like... Stop what you're doing and get here. Get chicken or burgers or pork fries... WHO CARES?! It's all so f*ing good!!!! "Amazing Food! Amazing staff! Amazing owners! Support this local diner  you won't be able to focus on anything else besides the incredible food."  the friendly staff. It was happy hour and we had the pork fries ($7) the portion was huge and it was really tasty. It's also a full bar and they make great cocktails!  We will be back for sure!"  but Welcome Diner is on the same street as JoBot and Melt Neighborhood is def sketch as some Yelpers have commented on... But we no scared..lol" How can you not enjoy such a unique spot - a 1945 Diner with 8 stools and fantastic outdoor seating?!!"  but we always seem to find somewhere to sit. The fried green tomato sandwich has to be the best thing on the menu!" Welcome diner was very satisfying! We pulled up and I was like crap this place is either gonna be really good or really bad. We got the bumblebee and big jack with a side of Mac and cheese (added bacon). Wasn't a huge fan of Mac and cheese... It tasted a bit strange. The bumblebee was amazing with added hot sauce. I didn't try the big Jack because he finished it in two bites which meant it was pretty good! Best cheat meal there ever was - minus the Mac and cheese. It was a bit more expensive than I thought it would be... 47 with tip. Love this place. Somewhere you can grab a bite in the evening or late night and the quality is always the best. Top notch people and top notch food. "I love this place and am proud to support their business. I feel the love and hard work they put into everything they do when I eat there; it comes through in the consistent and soul-satisfying food because of they people they hire and continue to empower. So proud to have this little  and people and customer were extremely nice!"  was very gingerly. The location was really cool. Outside seating mainly. I was in awe. Food was great. Somehow I felt it would have been even better with milk shakes on their menu. We will be back! Give it a try! You will not be disappointed!" Diner. The food and service was impeccable! If you haven't been I would highly recommend trying it! Thanks Aaron You can see the happy people that make your food from quality stuff when you get there  but character makes up for it. I reccomend it if you've got no other options." Would i be back? Unlikely."  Yum and Yum!  Not to mention the awesome crafted cocktails!  We will be back!"  but truly high-quality dishes that stand on their own.   The outside setup is perfect.   The lighting creates a pleasant and relaxed atmosphere.  This is not a fast food place.  You will have to wait for your order "Great find!!! The food is very good with a welcome unique flare!! The atmosphere is chill and comfortable! The staff is very friendly and really tries to get to know its patrons. I've had the Big Jim This place has a bit of a laid-back hipster vibe if you."  based on the clever menu but I am hesitant."   the poutine fries were weird.  It was fries with white gravy.  Not at all what I thought I was going to be getting when ordering poutine."  but we figured it out.  The food was delicious!  After a concert it hit the spot!  My only dislike was bottled soda...I just love a glass of ice.  If I'm in the neighborhood I will come back here for sure!!!" Me and my girlfriend got the pb&b burger and no way Jose a couple days ago and wow these burgers are hands down the best we ever had and the coleslaw was awesome props to the cooks!  poutine is good but shredded cheese and white gravy is very non traditional." get the chicken sandwich on a biscuit."  it is easier to talk to all of the people in your group and when the weather is beautiful outside why not  :) I've only ordered the Big Jim and it's hard to venture away from a dish you already love! There's just something about fried chicken and gravy in-between 2 biscuits that make the perfect combination! The Poutine is delicious and there is definitely enough of it to share! My friends ordered the PB Burger  chill vibe. Reminds me of some of the hole in the wall places I've found on a tropical vacation out of the country. A perfect place to have some cocktails and spend hours talking with friends while sitting on picnic tables under string lights. I recommend going at night. The food was decent  we got to add chorizo which made that dish my husband's all time fave. My favorite was the pouting fries that we shared. Gaahhhhhh lee that is comfort food at BEST! I'm a ketchup girl but these fries hit all the right notes without any added condiments. The only con about this place is that seating is outdoors. The entire time my husband and I were fighting off flies and picking out debris falling from the tree from our food (it got really windy.) I'm sure the ambiance is much better when the weather isn't so annoying  but totally worth it. I am looking forward to trying more from the menu. The staff is super friendly and great customer service. We got our food in a decent amount of time. I will be returning and recommending this place." Fun and delicious dinner spot. Get the home made ginger beer. Good for vegetarians. Great atmosphere and friendly people.  and reasonable prices - especially for happy hour. Only complaint is the atmosphere - being right by a street with cars whizzing by isn't the ideal vibe. Overall though  or a daily special. Definitely check the seasonal hours just to ensure you're going for the right meal. While we love the burgers Been here two times now for comic con rest place to chill and yummy food ! Burgers and smothered frys This place is amazing. Food is next level and so is the service. Rob was awesome. That is all Do It! Do it now! or wait until HH either way I may move onto other states of employment and residency but I hope to forever return to a place that has meant so much to me." "So I was downtown today doing some charity work with friends. One of them mentioned that we had to try out ""Welcome Diner"". So we did. OMG!!! Found my new favorite Burger spot. Everything was amazing. Literally the BEST fries I've ever had. Plus they have a full bar and ice cold beer. I highly recommend it and will be back soon. Manager Zach is really nice too!"  as well as the ambiance that made me jump through time to yesteryear and relive memories that never happened but that I always wished had happened." everything on the menu is great. top 3 burgers in phoenix. "Absolutely love every single food item I have ordered. Delicious PB burger I wouldn't go before 9pm personally unless the temp is under 90 degrees because of the seating and how heavy the food is. But this is definitely one of the best fried chicken and biscuits I've had in Phoenix so I definitely recommend checking this place out when the weather is nice." Best place in phx! I love the jack fruit sandwich! It's a fun atmosphere with great people. "I am going to hold total  judgement on this hippy hangout but be warned: check the prices BEFORE you go.  Two tiny  biscuit orders and gravy fries will set you back $30 and then add a drink with tip and tax you will be out $40.  I mean really.  Nice  place for skinny females who eat like a bird but if you are a construction worker who wolfs down 3 Big Macks Verdict:  Glad I went and had a great time!  Will I be back?  Nope.  Once was enough" Great food with customer cocktails.  Family friendly and good local people who are friendly running the place. A true delight with a short and thoughtful menu filled with well prepared grub.  bombest food in town. Their Champion burger with Mac and cheese was pretty dank. Probably the best burger and Mac and cheese I've had. Also their braised pork with fries was good too. I'm definitely coming back to this spot every time I'm in Phoenix! Btw This place has amazing food.  I had the fish and it was so good.  Spicy!   The drinks are really good too.  Check out the Ginger beer.   Come for happy hour and enjoy Be very hungry. Be very very hungry. Anything else i say would just be words."  bombest food in town. Their Champion burger with Mac and cheese was pretty dank. Probably the best burger and Mac and cheese I've had. Also their braised pork with fries was good too. I'm definitely coming back to this spot every time I'm in Phoenix! On top of that A good place to hang when the weather is cooler but I wouldn't take a girl there on a first date."  but it's the setting that makes this place awesome! It's very low key with limited seating and Christmas lights hanging in the trees. It's the perfect place to chill in a small group!" Childish at best. Will not frequent this location again. What sucks is that I've been going here since they were running out of the food truck years and years ago."   looking forward to the new location for more seating in the Garfield. The entire crew who make up welcome are truly wonderful and know how to make you feel at home. And obviously the food and drinks are the best in Phoenix." "I've been here before but missed the point. Who would've thought a truck stop -looking place with po' boys and fried green tomatoes would serve organic veggies "I love this place! The food is so good. The chicken is so moist and have no bleaching EVERYTHING on the menu is amazing! I have yet to have something I didn't like!  we always have a good story for the next day at work starting with ""Holy shit man A great place to drink a cold one after a long night at work"  so I don't have any reports on that!" We have been there a couple of few times at different times of the day. Best bartender in the valley is Kayla oh and Joe is the best as well. I think he works the night shift and she works the day shift. They are both courteous and make you feel at home... kinda like cheers Check 'em out! But be warned  Mark is a great person to talk to. Id give it a five but there are a couple things id change. Any time a bartender delibrately embarrasses a customer for their personal benefit they lose points drastically (thanks Joe lol). Oh and it wasnt joe or mark that lost points if anyone actually cares." Drinks are stiff and relatively cheap.  There's usually always a free table to sit at and the clientele is varied and friendly.  Not the best of CenPho but not the worst  and has one of the hugest song lists in town from which to choose.  They have also recently added a 1960s British mod dance night on Wednesdays." This place has a little bit of an edge to it. If that's what you're into and you're just looking for a spot to grab a beer with a buddy  but otherwise it's definitely worth a try." They occassionally host cool events or concerts here and I highly recommend dropping in on days like those  its one of those places where you get some drinks in for 2-3 hours  they really need to shell out the dough for that." The fish and chips is where it's at. The coleslaw is pretty much the best i have ever had. The shepherds pie is excellent as well. The best pub food in Phoenix by far.  but worth it.  I ordered the Shepherds Pie (delicious comfort food!) and my friend ordered the fish and chips (likewise tasty!).  Massive beer selection I'm realizing now that I need to come up with a formula for my reviews so they are more uniform and aren't so chaotic. Basically  is actually from Britain and mingles with the customers as if he was welcoming him into his own home. Be sure to check out the jukebox - it's one of the best I've seen!" 4 stars - based on a first experience. I say that's pretty damn good. I'll definitely be back. (NOTE: I went back...the next night! And I had just as great - if not a better - time at G&D. Bonus! I heard real British accents!)"  I think we've covered it all. Now just wait 'til that blasted construction is finished..." Veggie pasty. Old Peculiar. HP Sauce. A side of darts. Try and get those things together anywhere else in Phoenix. I dare you. 'Nuff said. Don't forget to try the fried pickles!"  darts and good beer.  The food is typical bar food with an English flavor to it.  The crowd is always a mix  but the fun factor still is there. I've never had a bad time. If singing and drinking isn't your thing  one of the best places to meet up with friends for dinner and drinks." Want a great place to catch up with some out-of-town friends without being annoyed?  Go to George & Dragon!  Great vibe  another restaurant (there may even be two or three) in the greater Phoenix metropolitan area  the G&D is for you.  The best English Pub in the valley in my mind."  shepherd's pie and of course sherry trifle dessert. Cool place to play darts and socialize and mingle. The staff is friendly and atmosphere great. Love their beer selection  this is a fun lively place with an orgasmic selection of beers and a wonderful atmosphere. It will NEVER be London  ""G&D"" is sent in a mass text message on any of the 6 nights I drink." If you can get past the creepers that haven't been laid in centuries and the distinct feeling that one or more of the waitstaff has probably been smoking meth all day I suggest you check it out. Just make sure you bring an escort ladies." "We ended up there on Saturday night after a fabulous dinner and some pre drinking. We were met with friendly faces and an awesome waitress. She was the type of waitress that could anticipate what you would want to drink and never kept us waiting. It is a very chill  I'm going to stick to drinking (I'll gladly have another of those Bloody Marys) and then after a few drinks ..and thus continues our quest for a great fish and chips meal served in a great setting.  Any reco's?  We've been to McCormick and Schmick's and Rula Bula; both weren't good enough for her.  Please  I just don't know why other places seem to have such a hard time filling the demand."  great selection and really reasonable prices. I'll be back."  maybe being outside is good because then you don't have to have your clothes soak in the INTENSE cigarette smoke that has lingered in this joint for many years.  Oh  and it shows.  There is a ton of authentic paraphernalia decorating these walls.  Plenty of British ales as well.  It's the standard to which I compare all British pubs in the valley." 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg Maybe I will come back with ""What Odor?"" in hand and we can have a fresh beginning."  as well.  Good place for a pint of your favorite English ale or stout." All in all a very worthwhile place to snag a bite to eat and a pint - and play pool "So many reviews so I'll keep it short. I really enjoyed this place I would soooo go here often if I lived closer Would go back but not during a night time crush.  Maybe when MLS season starts up."  losing 2 whole stars for degraded service?  I went in again recently after about a year hiatus and I was unfortunately reminded.  Go for the drinks  but who eats at a place like this anyway? It's a funbar!"  the fish 'n chips are decent but not great and if nothing else it is great that both are under ten bucks. Drinks are decently priced and they have real gingerale. (mhhh wiskey ginger) The owner either used to do tons of coke or still does because he is always frenetically bouncing around the bar talking a mile a minute to his regulars. I have been here on new years The only thing I would criticize is the service. They usually have one or two waitresses working the whole pub and if you're not sitting at the bar It lost a star because of the somewhat questionable parking lot which made me feel kinda uncomfortable during the walk out If I hadn't been riding the rail several more years could have gone by before re-visiting so the rail should help some of the restaurants over time."  the staff is always super nice and able to keep up with the orders from our table.  Just before the countdown begins the staff passes out champagne and party favors to everyone in the bar!  We've never had a bad experience here and plan to continue our tradition for years to come!!" This pub is a great place to hang out with old friends or make new ones."  they do a reverse happy hour starting at 11 pm with 2 for 1 well drinks. I love the laid back vibe of G&D and the booths look comfy  big booths and the eclectic group of patrons.  Some still seem like they are stuck in the 80's listing to their metal bands but hey that is why I like living downtown because you see all types which is cool."  but we were thirsty and wanted beers as well so our service fell short there too. I was told that a good time to go is in the evening and not to sit at the bar. I'll try that if I ever visit G&D again." Good french dip. Great bloody mary.  pleasant but kinda slow .For the food  2.5  rounded down to 2 because It's really not OK  to have two main dishes fall so far short of pub food."  I am sick and tired of hearing the owner of this place bitch and moan about the lightrail being a detriment to his business.  I don't know how you can say that when the place is packed on a Sunday afternoon with no sporting events going on." And this place reeks of British wanna-bes and malt vinegar.  I think I even saw the reflection of the Queen Vic in the pool or urine out back!" *** I think it would be swell if we organized a daily UYE to help each other through this beer challenge. Even if it's only done during happy hour (4-7) after work Had to bump G&D up to an A-ok status. My advice: Don't sit at the bar. Get a table where a cool waitress will help you even when it's crazy busy! Bumped up one star due to better service!  although I haven't made much of a dent in my card because I never go.  Supposedly they have quiz night on Thursdays which might cause me to up my star rating..." I always like the shepards pie but there are lots of tasty things about and some of them are hard to find outside of Britain. (Try the scotch egg if you feel adventurous)."  and the british expats that hang around the bar make it that much more convincing.  I'm confident that the incident we had with service was just that ""an incident"" and it's possible the waitress was just spread thin or stressed.  I'm confident our next visit will be fine  and I have seriously never had better (even in the UK). It's perfect with cheese & HP sauce. You just can't get any better than George & Dragon on Central." 3.5 rounded down to 3.  Hey that's one better than prior."  but on the flip side I've enjoyed much more inspired fare in CA - not just the U.K."  we had a veggie pasty and the crust was nice & flaky but the stuffing of the pasty was tasteless Go when there are good sports on for the rowdy atmosphere  decent service. Nothing stands out just ok. The owner is a goof ball and trys to hit on every women in the place."  our server brought back two and had to be reminded that we were expecting a third. This meant everybody ate while one poor sod in our group had to wait patiently for his order to be placed (again). Fortunately [[Eaaawwwwwe Eaaawwwwwe]]" air conditioned. I really wanted to like this place but it just wasn't good. I liked the atmosphere other than the bathroom.. I could drink here but wont eat here again." I love the cranky old man owner.  He's a Man U fan so he's even better!  Go Red Devils!"  but after he leered at me and made lewd comments about my boobs..I don't know.  I suppose it would be fine if I brought a man friend along as opposed to my usual girl troop Sorry for the pic post Nathan S  or a busy night for that matter.  I guess unless you are a regular the bartenders don't pay much attention to the rest of the customers.  Location sucks unless you are at an event at Steele Indian School Park or maybe doing a light rail pub crawl.  Too far away from Downtown and not close enough to Camelback(Midtown).  Not a must see I ate the potato skins which were pretty good and had some great 4 Peaks Kiltlifter beer.  Cheap tab and a USA win good way to spend a Saturday night." I love pubs in general and would definitely go back any time."  not for the atmosphere." The location is lose to a rail station with just a short walk."  it's really awesome and the owners are knows to mingle with the crowed My friends and I dropped by the George the other night as one of our Holiday Bar Crawl stops along the light rail. They had a live band playing Totally come here. Me and my friends will probably be there too."  just menus.  Our booth faced the bar and the bartenders looked at us a few times but never sent anyone over to our table. Could I have asked for our server?  Sure.  But by this point I knew I wasn't spending a dime here and wanted to see how long it would take someone to come over to us so I could tell what I thought of their service.  Finally we receded please tear this place down. "I've only been here once and it was OK. If you're into the English pub scene  and the beer is cheap. I would recommend that people should check this place out and if you do you won't be disappointed." "I love the Pub! I don't get there very often any more but I wish I could! Trivia Night (Thursdays) is a blast! They have a Great Beer Selection "This is my kinda place.   Nice casual place with good food and good beer.  Not to mention it is walking distance from the Central/Indian School lightrail station.  I stopped in here on a whim while spending a Saturday on the lightrail ( I made good use of my day pass).  I had also read at one time this pub served Scotch Eggs  the only decent place to hang out in the NorthCentral Phoenix area." There's 1 bathroom for girls. No stalls. If someone's in there you'll have to wait your turn. At least it wasn't filthy & smelly."  all the decor...cause it's never been cleaned/dusted since 1995."  you'll probably have a good time here.  The food's not frou-frou and ""foodie"" - it's just good.  My favorite bar in Phoenix - no place I'd rather get pissed."  nothing special at all.    I think this place could have been a lot better if we had better service and were in the bar area which is clearly the ""cool"" part." A perfect place to enjoy a cold pint with friends in a cozy pub without an over the top cheezy ye-olde-England theme. I love the fact that they serve *several* different types of hard cider and $3.00 Jgerbombs all the time. Our waitress was super nice and I'll be back sometime for the food. Thanks for the service on quite a spirited day!"  as many have pointed out and I thought the food was pretty good."  and to me a frosty Kronenbourg. After a few pints were knocked back we hit the billiards at a mere .50 cents a game. Then after more pints we opted for something to sop up the beer and ordered servings of fish and chips. The beer battered cod was among some of the biggest filets-o-fish I have ever eaten. Delicious and meaty the succulent white fish and fat thumb sized chippies were the ideal order after several pints of beer  as was the peas that came with it.  My husband and daughter split the Shepard's Pie and they both loved it.  Great beer as well.  I saw some other customers with the fish and chips and they looked great-I think next time that will be what I get.  The decor was aged and a little dusty  the trivia is fun but they don't even know what  crown float is.  This is an English pub you say?  Pshaw." Great surprise. The steak pie was awesome! Have been to this place twice and the experience was the same. I personally don't get what draws people to this place. It's got a bit of a negative vibe. The staff is not friendly or service oriented and it's dirty. Great location for a light rail pub crawl - I think it just might not be our crowd. Huge wings!  Delish!  Great beer selection. Good environment. If you are reading this you've probably already been there so this is nothing new. A great place to hang out and chill with peeps after work. The fish and chips is kinda pricey but the restaurant gave great portion of the fries and I was able to share with friends. G&D had a great selection of beer and my fave is the Kilt Lifter. Love it! I like the G&D but the staff has been changing for the worse. Last night was the first night I could confirm that the staff there is costing the owner money. If I had no regard for the establishment then I would just stop going there and never take the time to write this review.  I'll be back in a few months to see how things are going..." I'm definitely coming back here to play darts and watch rugby. Maybe I'll even try their fish and chips. I wonder though...do Brits really hang out here?"  chain smoking with friends and people watching but the George has lost it's charm for me. My purse was stolen the one and only time I didn't bring it with me to the bathroom. I did leave it with a group of dudes thinking it would be safe but no. I've seen three arrests out front. One time these junkie looking dudes were licking each other's hands in front of the patio until the cops came. I've seen a girl pee her pants INSIDE the bathroom and then proceed to slip on the sidewalk which was wet from the misters nearly cracking her head open. Many  all hail the queen! cheerio."  music is good and is good watering hole for when you feel the need to catch up with your mates.   Just don't look too closely at the carpets...." 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg "Where else would you go to get Corn Beef and Cabbage on St. Patricks Day.  Love it  and fantastic wings (spicy and tart). Plus the kitchen is open late.  This is a great place to spend the evening throwing back beers with good friends!"  good happy hour.  Come for Thursday trivia night if you want to meet people." I really want to give this local gem a chance but I was not too pleased with my last experience.  Some friends and I had planned to attend the Beerfest in Phoenix.  The rain drove us to wait it out at George & Dragon's.  Unfortunately the staff were not prepared for the amount of customers that would hid from the rain that day.  As I could see there was one bartender and one waitress.  We couldn't get a drink or even order food.  After patiently waiting for 20 minutes we left this establishment and headed to another local pub.  I've heard so many great things about this place but this day I left very disappointed. Valerie is a great BTW and one of the most consistent staff."  a good place to start off a night or hang out for a game.  Would not go for more than a happy hr type venture."  but everyone seemed to be having fun. They had tvs playing the basketball game and the place was pretty busy at around 8:30 when we went there. We ordered a couple beers (I got a Hef and he got a black velvet I think.... cider and Guinness) and we ordered a shepherd's pie and some fries. The beers were good and the food was really tasty. It was exactly what I wanted but didn't know I wanted. The shepherd's pie is really mashed potato -y and the meat is really tasty.... very flavorful. The pie is huge too so I wouldn't think twice about sharing it. After that he got a jameson and ginger ale and I got a couple shots- a buttery nipple (the best shot) and an orgasm shot (ok... not as good as the other). The BF's drink was huge... like a pint of whiskey. Anyway and i love the fact that a portrait of the Queen is in the main dining room.                                        The decor is very British. I am not a Drinker however  so I guess YMMV. I think I would have liked it more if the service was better and the drinks were up to par." My team lost an ugly one and it spoiled my day a bit but I was happy to have made my first visit to George & Dragon.  It will not be my last.  With easy access to light rail I plan on being back soon.  Cheers!"  and always greet you warmly when you arrive! The food is traditional English pub fare: the fish and chips and the bangers and mash are HIGHLY recommended! I hear the wings are pretty good  but would go back to check that out.  Best part is that they are so close to the lightrail I'll probably go back for the Cornish Pasty and also cause men actually FLIRTED with me there  its their turn...but then the host started singing songs and kept picking ""random"" chicks to sings songs...ok...now its getting weird.  Then when we saw the person that signed up right before us go up and then one of the same ""three"" girls and then the host ""randomly"" pick again.....we got pissed of and were ready to leave.  We were pissed and cashed out.  Then when we told the karaokee host that he was an ass and that we had been waiting over 2 hrs and were pissed  it isn't too much more than that. I really wish the service was a little better - the waitstaff and bartenders always seem a bit grumpy to me  LOL! Me? I stuck to Guinness by the pint and had the Cornish pasty and sausage roll - both delectable but kind of small for the $6 price tag. It's a pub in every essence of the word - they have free darts (that's right  but I really like the food.   I took my Dad here for Father's Day lunch and really enjoyed our meal.  The iced tea was fresh and my cornish pastie was really delicious.  I wish I had one now.  My Dad's steak and mushroom pie looked really good too.  Also  and booze but I got to say that the service is hit and miss. There are 2 servers that are polite and most the rest aren't happy to be there. Sometimes there attitude goes hand in hand with the quality of service. I will continue to eat and drink there though the service is hit and miss."  loves the food as it takes him back to his memories of England.  The service is good and the people are always friendly!  The Blackberry and Apple crumble is the best!  Be sure to save room for that dessert!" "Great English pub in the middle of Phoenix.  The fish and chips meal is delicious.  Also  why go to a bar? I have had great luck here. This place is everything that I would expect an English pub to be. They have many beers (an amazing amount) and when I went there "Great place for traditional English Pub Food. They put on lots of fun events to celebrate various British holidays Late nights can get a little loud and rowdy but otherwise its a fun and relatively clean establishment. Cant wait to go again!"  but it wasn't a very pleasant experience.  It's like she can't be bothered and perform her job in pleasant manner.  Why employ anyone like that?  Last time I checked 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg tve9aUdKff_CWW-6fn1T1A  but again the fries stayed on the plate. Our wait staff was non existent. She never bothered to check on us once. We had to stand up to show that we were ready for our check...that really didn't work so our friend had to track her down. Plan to ask for your check well ahead of time as they do not value your time. I guess we are the idiots for trying the place again but really you might get em on a bad day so give them the benefit of the doubt and try em again. Well twice was WAY more than I will be spending there. I know they have a lot of regulars and maybe these folks are fine with the usual horrible AZ customer service and crappy food. I for one It doesn't matter how I spend my day I am a big fan of this place and try to make it there once a weekend.  I rarely miss a Trivia night on Thursdays.  Highly recommend hitting up the G&D "The drinks are so weak here that I had to order a vodka shot to put in my vodka martini and a whiskey shot to put in my whiskey sour. It tasted like water before. Any liquor drinks taste like watered down juice. And they aren't cheap drinks Cheap drinks! and it wasn't even happy hour! SCORE! Seriously. I thought this place was a Chinese food place due to the name. I had no idea it was actually a Pub. My mistake. I was here this past Saturday celebrating a friends birthday and we enjoyed ourselves. Between people watching and just talking about everything (and I do mean everything) plus the drinks were cheap. What more can a girl ask for? I will definitely be back here again! Treated very well here every time none the less."  pop in on a trivia night so you can listen to the host demean the guests with some clever snide remarks and give yourself an entertaining diversion for a night.  Who knows good food d prices but not to hefty om the portions I like it though. Food is good!" We will definitely be making this place a regular stop." The wait staff was a little crabby but besides that I had an awesome first time experience there.  or are friends with the owner. They would be doing a better service to be honest and get him to make the changes necessary to turn the restaurant/bar into a place people want to come back to. If changes aren't made This place is always a good time."  we would have stayed the entire night and finished up the game. A couple of my friends did end up ordering dinner from the menu. I have to say that the fish looked delish! The only downfall to this place is that it does get a little loud during the busy nights and the sound system can be a little better for those who are trying to listen to the trivia questions (on Thursday). Overall  food and prices but a god awful sewer smell permeated the entire place!" Too much good fun.......can't wait for the next one!!!!!" "The best place in town to watch European football (soccer for locals). I would rate it with 5 stars but the food is just tasteless Still G&D is a great place! .. I will order something different next time."  fresh vegetables (which are hard tom find even in upscale places) and it's got the classic pub feel  with cool atmosphere!" "The fish and chips tasted very good. The problem was that the bar was on the grimey side and the food was not fresh. The corn that came as a side was definitely not fresh I would be willing to wager was frozen. The staff was polite but hard at work trying to obtain good tips from regulars and everyone else was 2nd class. I would return "Would have given it zero stars. The waitress was awful. Completely forgot about us Good Food! PLEASE get some new Tv's Not a good place for NFL Sundays! I've sampled the fish and chips and Shepard's pie and have not been disappointed.  Service has been good A great place to start or finish your night in Central Phoenix."  seems like a few pros show up and put on quite a show.  If you are looking for a bar atmosphere that is a lot of fun  dark British pub with friendly staff and cold drinks. I like the dart boards and pool tables. The patio looking onto Central would be cool if it wasn't always filled with smokers. Don't bother dressing up or expecting to see pretty people here. You go to drink! G&D was my best guess for a friend who wanted to watch early-morning Chelsea games as he does at pubs in San Diego "Love coming here for team trivia night on Thursdays.  They have Guinness on tap  sweetest bar owner I have ever met! Each time my girlfriends and I go here he is always greeting us and sits down and chats! My favorite night is trivia nights on Thursday evenings. It's always fun to test you and your friend's random knowledge. The best part is  solid place that is very comfortable and you are guaranteed a good meal.  Good parking  pretty sure it was for St Joe's hospital. The corn beef and cabbage was flavorless deli corn beef. (no seasoning...) The wife had seasonless fish and chips. Better hiring and training will fix all this. So why the 3 stars after all this? Great live music and a well poured Guinness is worth something. ;)" Love this Pub! The Shepherds Pie and bread pudding is AWESOME! Plenty of beer on tap and available. This place has that home town around the corner feel. My only complaint with this bar is that if you are female the waitresses tend to take their time serving you! Otherwise I dig the joint! The food is fine - it's bowling alley food and I'm okay with that.  But the service was inexcusable." I received a very nice email from the manager addressing our unsatisfactory experience.  I always appreciate when managers/owners care enough to reach out to an unhappy customer.  I will definitely give G&D another shot.  but the food was ""meh.""  For an English pub the fish and chips were average at best. The service was very poor because they were too busy and had little staff. The waitress was overwhelmed  and neither person acknowledged we were even there. It would have been a totally different experience had someone at least greeted us and let us know it would just be a minute. Unfortunately  with a thin crispy batter. The chips... a little to soft. Overall pretty good. Looks like a great place to catch a soccer game. English style food."  that I have ever had in my entire live. It is layered with awesomely goodness. I like that it is a dark Stopped in here on a whim and was pleasantly suprised!  This is a great bar with great food.....try the scottish egg!  The bartender sat and told me about other sites in thePhoenix area that I should go check out!  Very friendly place.  I will be returning !  possibly the best fish and chips I've had in the States."  the food is hit or miss. I have had the fish & chips 2 times and it was good but the coleslaw that came with it was horrible. The other times I had just a pub burger and it was nothing special. I've been able to catch a few of the bagpipe acts here and it's cool to see. They have darts and a pool table. Overall it's a cool place to come have a drink." I love G&D because it's not at all pretentious. It's just a comfortable place where you can come hang out Absolutely fun place to hang out. Good beer. Good food...except avoid the coleslaw. They had live music when we were there. I've never been to England or Europe but I'd imagine this is what it's like. Fun people fun atmosphere fun times.  the chips were nice and hot too. The wife had steak and kidney pie which she said was perfect . They have a great selection of beer and liquor . Would absolutely go back again next time we see a Dbacks game."  I'd like to give George and Dragon another shot. Maybe another item on the menu will be better on the palate!" "Basically a no frills pub.  It's been here forever and they're unapologetically unpretentious.  If you're looking for fine dining or exquisite presentation you're in the wrong place.  But if you want some decent pub grub  and friendly staff. We've been coming here for Thursday trivia for a few months now. It's a great place to get together with friends! The crowd is a nice mix and it's definitely not a pretentious place."  and it's a good place to relax without being around a huge crowd. If you stop in Sit in the main part of the restaurant - be ready for a bit of loud music / noise.  Enjoy the decor and eat some good pub food."  and wasn't even cooked long enough to make the breading crisp.  It was just too heavy.  I wish the breading was thinner and crisper.  This is why I rated only a three.  It makes me wonder about the rest of the dishes.  Maybe I'll get another chance to eat here again." Good food. Staff is really nice. Erica she was a little snotty but over all a good place to be. Good vibes for the most part. They have karaoke and pool too. Cool place.  food is excellent every time. What more could you ask for? It feels like home. Home sweet pub."   you can barely tell. The fish was flaky and juicy and the batter was crisp and flavorful. The chips were soft on the inside and crisp on the outside so they were obviously cooked at the perfect temperature.  Service was of the top I've been here a handful of times over the years for dinner.  Had no clue they had a weekend brunch menu.  I think I was the only one that  ordered off the regular menu in our group.  Based on comments no one went away unhappy with their choices.  Our waitress had never worked opening shift before but did a great job.  The place is getting a little worn but it fits.  I am sure I'll end up here again. 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg  I've been here before and know it can take some time to get your food; other than that this place is great. Divert ask me about their alcohol though My fianc and I love George and dragon! We live down the street and ride our bikes there a lot. The owner is very friendly and the bartender is excellent! Try the honey siracha wings they are to die for. Some of the best fish and chips around. The potato skins are a god send after drinking for 3 hours straight. Everyone who comes here seems to be a regular  must be a good sign on a Sunday night. The waiter was very friendly. We  had to try the fish and chips...outstanding. Not greasy and you actually get fish instead of gready batter with a little fish. Drinks were good and strong. The owner was there and came by to greet our table. After ready some previous post on Yelp Great food... Can not even explain the enjoyment from the Greek pizza! So delicious in my mouth! And the Guiness promo! The boyfriend got free glasses! AND for the desert... Berry cobbler... YUM! Just moved from beach area CA... So not biased! Please enjoy this place?  we came back to meet with friends almost a year later and service was slightly more decent. For mediocre bar food and bare minimum service that I usually have to flag down or jump straight to the bar for. I don't see all the hype in my own personal experience and that totally bums me out given that I like the atmosphere and location so much and so do many of my friends/coworkers. We still go here out of convenience and a quick beer occasionally but I can't seem to get the bad taste out if my mouth. Bummersville." Avoid this place.  Terrible service.  Enough said." There food is really good! Affordable and great food! We live right behind the pub and just walk right over!! Great service and probably one of the best Fish and chips!! Also their shepherds pie is pretty good! It's A really nice English pub. Makes me feel like I'm back in the UK. Clean. Plenty of space. Friendly staff. Restrooms clean. Good food. Great beer. Felt real welcome. Lots of parking. User friendly.  or eating on the floor. If he was a busser then it would have been nice to see him clear more than one table he did. And I most certainly hope it was not his stringy long hair that we found in the fish and chips "My favorite bar ever! Live right down the street and I've been going here for past year  and lots of space. It's a nice neighborhood bar. Cheers! :)"  and football scarves and flags adorn the walls. We sat in a booth and I ordered a burger while my wife tried a veggie curry. I wasn't impressed with the grub but it was cheap so can't complain. People come here to drink anyway Loved it and the owner was great.  Can't wait to go back." "The food is bland which I guess is to be expected since it is English.  However  it's not too loud to have a conversation. The beer selection is good and the drinks are strong so I felt I got my money's worth if your into pubs it's a good place." This is a very nice place to chill and hang out watch sports. They have full service bar and lots tables for large groups. I hear it gets crowded for sport games and on them weekend. Always friendly good service and casual environment to chat and talk. Great food & beer selection. Fun staff. very authentic looking bar. Their lunch specials are really good too.  Good place to watch sporting events. Highly recommend.  you can grab a nice refreshing drink and make your way to the park festivals available at Indian Steele Park. My favorite drink to order is the cucumber vodka and soda. I think this is the only bar that has cucumber vodka This place was not bad. Their draft milk stout was delicious and we ordered chips that were quick and tasty. The bartender Jen? Is a sweetheart. Will return.  takes a bit longer to get the ball rolling than needed." My test for the quality or likability of a restaurant has to do with would I return to the place and I have to say that this is one place I probably would return to solely with a large group of people who just want to hang have a little fun relax enjoy the atmosphere. You'll notice and some of the other reviews Thursday night is trivia night and the owner went through about 30 reasonably tough questions of succeeding difficulty. It's just kind of fun in the background with conversation and play while the rest of the crowd disappears in the background."  the owner is miserable and the food is terrible. It's amazing they have been in business this long." The four of us were the only ones in the bar and the manager cane out and told us to stop cussing and bring our voices down. We were literally the only ones in the bar. I just don't get it. Did he hate the gays? He for sure did not appreciate the business we brought him. Never going back again. Such a shame. I want to select zero stars but this app won't let me.  and great food and beer. This was a phenomenal first experience  it was alright. I didn't think it was amazing There are just too many places to go in Phoenix to need to go here. Beware of what you will get here."  but still good. Fries were a bit boring. I'd probably go back to try some of their traditional English Pub Food  who was also the bartender was very helpful and friendly. Made me a great bloody mary and I ordered the stuffed meatloaf. It was fantastic. Definitely going to be stopping in again."  but it was pretty good. I'll go back to find out how good is their fish and chips." 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg Came here while traveling through Phoenix a while back.  I got the pasty.  It came with some English sides.  I also used ketchup like a yooper.  Great dish.  Had the milk stout on tap.  Great choice.  noisy & filled with drunks playing cards including the owner. The food is equally terrible. There are just too many good places to waste time and money here. If you encounter the owner you will be surprised and very sorry." I guess see you again tomorrow...." great food ESP Sunday roast. brings a little bit of home to phoenix.  GREAT BEER and friends can be found here  I pass the George & Dragon all the time.  I've noticed there are always people out front on the porch (so it seems petty popular.)  My 90 year old grandma was visiting around Christmas and we stopped in for lunch one day.  This was intentional since she is from England and I wanted to take her to an ""authentic British pub"" to see what she thought.  She absolutely loved the fish and chips and I had the BLT which was awesome - curly bacon is the best!  We both enjoyed it a lot and Gram said the decor reminded her of the pubs in England.  A few days later we decided to go back for the roast dinner on Sunday and everything was great.  The server was very nice and attentive We will definitely be making this place a regular stop." Dive bar in the most unflattering sense---horrible service--bad food----owner with a bad attitude---Need I say more?  chill vibe. Nothing too special or excellent about the place besides their bloody Mary's  and restaurant does nothing about it at all Maybe all us ethic people should visit this british pub to make it feel authentic like it is in England with a lot of ethnic people."  he's kind of awesome."  and the manager left in the middle to take care of business. We were here on a Sunday and it was not that busy."  ask for water( just tap water nothing else.) It was cleared by one of the owners. They said they would fill up our two little water containers for a community event that I was working for.  It was a happy day the two of us from the event went in as happy as can be. When we got in my parter said ""hello"" we got ignored by one bar tender and one waitress. So we waited until they where ready to notice. Then the bar tender said just take a seat we will be with you. That's when we explain our purpose for the visit. The said no we don't know what your talking about. They rolled there eyes at us and just said we don't know anything. I said "A cool pub serving authentic English dishes. Order up a pint "Come every time I visit from England good little bar that gives it a good go. Great atmosphere plenty of drinks on tap and friendly staff  overall I love this place.  I will become my new bar in the future.  I will always recommend this place to my friends and co workers" "Always a good time here. The food is consistently good and the staff is awesome. Shout out to Laura  I love this place. The ladies that drink here might not always be aplenty nor top quality (aside from the staff) but it's my base now and I'm at home when I'm here. Keep 'em comin'."  it's old and kind of broken but I wouldn't change a thing." Keep up the awesome work!" I would suggest if you're not familiar with this business or it's business practices My favs are shepherds pie and the bangers & mash. Still need to try the fish & chips.. Heard it's amazing." "Nice environment. Waitress was awesome. Food was delicious. Had their zucchini sticks. Fish and chips Most authentic British Pug you can get in the Valley. Been going here for years and love it!  it's was a little too dark and damp and the menu was very limited and a little overpriced.  Seems like a good place to watch a soccer game Great for groups. The bloody Marie's are amazing! The atmosphere is great. It's a loud place but that's what I expect from a pub! So will come back!. 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg  go to the bar and wait. Awesome. Because why would I want to cone back to this. I shouldn't have to Google all the beer just to find something the slurp. The hostess didn't even know what the beers were. How can you work here every night and not know. Won't be back." Seems like management is non existent. Too bad. Supported this place quite a lot during the light rail construction. Show some love GD." "It's fine. Kind of a dive but it's cozy and quiet on weekdays. Service was nice. Food was just average: some of the meat was dry and flavorless Place was fine. Was a busy night. Started by getting drinks at the bar but ended up sitting at a high table. None of the waitresses asked if we needed anything such as food or refills. We didn't but it would have been nice to have been checked on. We were there for drinks and to relax. We will probably try it again.  when I have a craving for a scotch egg I'll be here in a heart beat." Side notes - who messages on Yelp Somewhat of a hole in the wall bar but located on central." A popular and busy pub on a Saturday night. A young crowd mostly men watching sports and drinking beer. However we were an older group there for the food. My fish and chiips was a generous but tasteless plate of heavily battered fish and chips. Would not recommend the food. 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg  baseball and football when we were there on a Sunday afternoon.  The place wasn't busy at around 3:00 pm.  We sat in a comfy booth and had their wonderful sampler platter  wings and beer. Always chill and dart machines!" You should post a rainbow flag outside. The women there tonight were more masculine than the men. Good fish though.  I love pubs and this is the type of ""Cheers"" atmosphere that I could get accustomed too. Casey was our waitress and she was great  and great drinks. Had mozzarella sticks for happy hour and it was very disappointing. Besides that most things are good." This is a fine English pub! The shepherd's pie is delicious and the bangers and mash are spot on! I recommend them highly! The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because the music can be much too loud. The atmosphere is great and the employees  are fantastic! Like I get it.. It's pub food but I have worked in many in the past that were better quality. Js.. I'm the most non picky and laid back person. It takes a lot for me to even write a review ."  too. She offered to get a manager so I could discuss it with them. I declined since I have better things to do with my day off than argue that the kitchen should know how to cook the special properly. I did Google Yorkshire  Pudding and looked at all the images just to prove to myself that I was right about the golden brown they're supposed to be. I left very disappointed that my first taste of something I'd waited so long to try was so subpar. All in all I was parked in the second spot from the street in front of a large Clever Koi sign two spots down from the George and dragon parking sign and apparently someone from Geoarge and Dragon called and had my car towed to 7th ave and happy valley road!!! George and Dragon sucks.  BTW the Geoarge and Dragon parking lot which is behind the bar was pretty much empty.  we popped next store to grab a quick lunch before they showed up (g&d's greasy menu did not sound appetizing). When our friends arrived not more than 20 minutes later and we walked back over to find George had towed our car from the parking lot!! We had full intentions of spending copious amounts of money in that dirty dive One of my local favorite watering holes with a good selection of beverages and homey food We came here for the first time. Came with the kids and another family. The kids had the French toast sticks and they were really good (our kids are picky eaters). Having just traveled in Great Britain I find this establishment an insult to Queen and Country. The men's restroom had a broken urinal Kind of a dive but it's always hopping.  Not my personal scene but drinks came fast and food was ok.  We had a huge bar hopping crowd and it's nice that it is so close to the light rail stop for a good time. "If I could give less I would. Cool spot unless you're a woman getting harassed by male patrons. The ""security"" won't do anything except pat them on the back and bro up. Not a place for woman to feel safe Fire your entire kitchen staff and start over  but it turned out to be an excellent lunch! The best part of the experience hands down was the staff. They were friendly and accommodating. It's great to have English fare in Phoenix!!!!"  so for me to mention and do this is a sign that it had a great impression on me. You can't go wrong! Give it a try if you're down for an authentic  my experience here was a nightmare. You will never catch me in that place again."  maybe she just was distracted. It's cool. I'm a mellow dude. I go in and ask if I can also place an order and all will be well in the world. Right? She's busy entering orders into the POS computer.  She says she'll be with me in a minute.  Ok. Cool. A couple walks up next to me at the bar. She'll be with them in a minute.  Ok. cool...so I now assume I'll place my order and head back outside and then the couple that walked up after me will place their order and all will be well in the world. Right? She takes their order first! I'm annoyed because I was there first and I just got done chasing her down and well ok what ever so long as I get to order. So I wait. Finally she acknowledges me  chill environment with better prices for sure on drinks and good food come here!!! I'll definitely come back....and I never Yelp about anything!!!!"  and the food we tried was fine. So this review is really about the ambience." "Went in after Bar Rescue. I thought the changes were great! In the past the service wasn't very good and on our trip the servers were really attentive and very knowledgeable. I had always thought that the food was okay for bar food "0 stars....We waited for over  40 minutes after the beer fest...two servers and no menu or water offered...could not find a server....not prepared...not good..  there is no possible way that many  people are allowed in that size space. The manager wouldn't even assist when we asked for our tab. I honestly feel for the employees of this terribly ran establishment and do not ever think anyone in our party of 5 will ever be back!" Only thing - I miss the old booths. The new tables are pretty wobbly. I won't take off a star for that though" "Slow service and $17 for a double Glenlivet during happy hour- the drink was obviously not a double and sat on the bar for 20 mins before being brought to our table  great batter on the fish and the cole slaw was really tasty. My friends had bangers and mash which they raved about.  Casey introduced us to the owner Dave ...they're very excited about the upcoming Bar Rescue show. The positivity exuded by all the staff made our visit very special. We're ready to go back again soon.." "This was a neat little place. We tried it last night for the first time.  Nice choice of beers and a full bar. The service was a little slow  this one is pretty bad. They have the worst service I've ever seen in a pub. Their food isn't much better. The only good thing I can speak that they do well is consistency.  They are consistency awful. Even with their new renovation it just feels like they polished a turd." One of my favorite spots in Phoenix has only been improved by their recent remodel. Definitely a place to check out if you're needing a beer or a bite. "We were interested in checking this place out again after the bar rescues hype. The curry was all sold out so I ordered the shepards pie. It was a huge portion of bland food. Also had the pretzel for an appetizer. The pretzel was obviously previously frozen and the cheese on the side was from a vat. Would not recommend. Fianc had a bland burger "Lovely authentic British Pub as it should be.Never miss a chance to go.God save the Queen and Cheers  I never realized that fish and chips could be so greasy. I needed Tums to help my heartburn. Maybe order something less fried if you choose this spot? Can't say much else "We've been going to G&D for a while now and always enjoy a low key time whether it be for happy hour and darts on a day off or a late night dinner after work. Staff is always great and the food is too. Last night I had the stuffed meat loaf and was blown away! I also really enjoy the wings! They were on Bar Rescue recently and honestly  kinda liked it because it was dive but the food is still good and most of the bartenders are pretty awesome and the owner is pretty fun so i guess its fine. Best wings EVA!" Really doesn't matter. I'm not coming back. damn shame." The food here is really good...the problem is the service. It wasn't very busy but we waited a very long time for our drinks and then even longer for the food. It got to the point where we wondered if we should leave or not because we had other places to be. We were there a little over an hour for just getting a bite to eat. Very awesome if you have the time and don't mind slow waiting. Prices are reasonable and food is DELISH! So is the IPA I also like the fish and chips and flaming chicken creole. They've revamped the menu Great atmosphere and cheap beer.  Owner is a great guy that has a lot of pride in his establishment and is very friendly.  Honey sriracha wings are delicious.  which are a fun time. I ordered an English kebab which was seasoned and tasty (English version of a gyro). My friend had ordered the Cornish Pastie and couldn't stop raving about it. Overall  not cold. Took about 20 minutes to get potato skins after we placed our order. When I complained about the flies around the food "Joe and I saw George and Dragon on Bar Rescue so we had to have lunch there to see if it was better than we remembered it. If you like English food  as well as some beer. I thought it was delicious compared to last time I was here! My friend enjoyed their food as well. I can't say anything about the mixed drinks because we didn't have any. But very good service and food! I will be back!" George and Dragon gets a solid C from me." Love this place and will continue to go! The honey siracha wings are amazing! Their beer is always great. Derek M. ""Blues Fan"""  the plate with the food on it came dirty and the order was wrong. The reason why they get only 2 stars is for poor customer service. The server wouldn't even smile. It almost felt like he could care less that we were there. He never checked on how the food was. We actually walked up to the bar to grab a pitcher of water and served ourselves. Never heard from him after that. We had to walk back up to the bar to pay for our meal as well. But Love the new changes and look however the service was poor. Very disappointed. Could be better  the food is very good. There is also an extensive desert menu & I truly recommend the apple crumble & custard. The prices are affordable & the staff is not only friendly but attentive and efficient as well. YAY! G&D!!"   I don't care what the TV show did to you. Everyone I know hates the fact that the booths are gone.  That is 30% of the reason I come there."  but I loved my first experience tonight. My party felt the same way and we'll be back."  outdoor seating...karaoke night on Mondays. Food is also so good" Tell us to grab any seat.. Friday 830p. Never come to take an order. Never will be back  although I'm told they have an ATM inside (although I didn't see it or go hunting for it the economy has hit this place a little rough..so if you see this review. check out the place. bars like this cannot go under. they need our support. go in and say ""hi"" to Frank. he's cool as hell. Sarah still cute as ever. Save Hannys!!!"  you can order from a plethora of restaurants that deliver here. And Hanratty's will even provide the silverware!"  real darts (the kind that you can kill someone with)" "It is easy to be a regular here if you show up twice. Hanratty's is the picture perfect neighborhood dive bar.  You can usually pick what ever you want to hear from the Online Jukebox.  The bar staff are personable.  It is too bad the owner doesn't put much effort in marketing or keeping up the place.  It is usually dead on most nights.  So if you are looking for a relaxed place to have a drink with some locals super strong drinks. super cheap. super random crowd  I have been hard pressed to find a quintessential ""Cheers like"" bar  and met the fairly new owner as well. I wish I had more time to spend in here in order to get the full experience. There will be a next time  there's a fine line between strong and just disproportionate. If you're mixing drinks  but I didn't notice one...maybe I accepted one too many free bud lights from the bartender?  Either way - a quality place with great service and really cheap drinks right in my 'hood that is worth visiting again.  Oh yeah  that's a compliment." "I have been wanting to come here for years! Unfortunately I picked a Saturday night around 9pm and the place was pretty much deserted. The servers were friendly though Cool place to check out some football on a weekend - good beer on draft and friendly service! "Everything you expect it to be! A great hangout kinda joint. Great jukebox plus pool tables and darts. Hanratty's has a really laid-back atmosphere & is a great place to start your evening. The happy hour specials feature a nice variety (usually a coupla liquors and shots)  available pool tables and ample seating (it was dead from 9 to 1130p on a Saturday). Minuses- lonely and uninspired inside."  and I hear they have steel tip darts. How can you go wrong there? I'll have to make a few return runs up here  but it was a Monday so I didn't really expect a big party. It was nice to be able to play pool without having to wait or worry about bumping people with your cue stick  this is the place. There is nothing hoity toity about this place. I sponsored an event here last week with my co-workers  i think maybe like five others who were in our age group(20's) were in attendance.  Mostly locals probably  there's the gay Denny's across the street. Best people watching ever."  darts and other games. The bartenders are usually friendly and the clientele seem nice enough. I've been here a few times and I've never had a great time but never had a bad time either. I don't see myself ever being a regular here but there are worse places to go....like Wineburger." "I love Hanratty's -- it strikes a balance between dive bar and neighborhood watering hole. Nothing fancy  is the food. I have only tried one thing and that is the mozzarela sticks so do not try them." Ac3PRDUZyzn4kHImdzt0Zg "Great dive/down home option for midtown-downtown Phoenix area. Sat on the outside pation drinking cheap beer to watch the cars Sitting at the bar as we speak. I always tell people how much I miss all the dive bars San Diego has to offer. Problem solved at HB Hanratty's. A dive bar after my own heart. Thanks HB! "If you're looking for a small town bar in Phoenix this is the place!  The owner Steve as well as the bartenders are very friendly and accommodating.  Where else can you find great service and $.50 pool tables in Phoenix.  Plus  so can't really vouch for that." On the other hand I can't think of one ""hook"" that would get me to return there. With all the options in a city this side there has to be something that separates a place from another. I just never found that ""something"" here."  and there are several TVs and plenty of adult video games. It's also a great place to just sit and have drinks I would have given this place 4 stars if the bartender hadn't of almost shorted me five bucks. :/ She even had the nerve to doubt me as I showed her the change she had just given me. Lame."  yeah one more thing to say - the men's room has the most genuine and foul urine smell my nostrils have been abused by since I made a bad decision at the Coachella festival that one time." "If you are looking for a good dive bar this is the place. Dave says it has a ""family atmosphere"". Ryan says we saw marshawn lynch."  Terri and Mikey are the best bartenders around and they drinks are strong. Parking on the weekend can be tough  and had $883 taken from my account today. I wonder if there's a connection."  once upon a time I would have given it 5 stars. Nice for pool if you are out with friends and don't want any competition. I just want my dive bars to have some life. Average drink prices these days Needless to say I will be back and I'm not sure why it took me 12 years to get there." This place would fit nicely on n.  high street"  the bartender was very nice and did a great job with how fast she was able to get us our drinks. They have pool tables and some other games so you can pass time while hanging out with friends. TV's are playing the sport games going on. Only downside is the music playing in the background is really quiet." Good music and pinball too! Laid back spot for sure!"  it was surprisingly busy! Good looking crowd too. There were two bartenders both of which were attentive and friendly. Really enjoyed the billiards and watching the Rousey fight. However  which when you're deep in that jukebox game is always appreciated! They have three pool tables and two real dart boards and you usually don't have to wait to get either. Good The bearded bartender stole my money when I knew what I'm paying for.  He's an asshole liar.  Won't admit to anything.  Won't go back there . Great beer specials and the bartender was easy to get along with and comical. Def check it out for a small town feel in the big city."  as it has become the unofficial reunion bar for Phoenix natives that have since migrated to other parts of the country and world. The rest of the year it is easy to find seats at the bar or one of the tables So the role reversal always sends me for a loop  you'll notice that my second home is the crappiest dive I can find. Pomeroy's is no exception. I started coming here because my friends live within walking distance and is where they like to go. To be fair The only downside is that the place smells like farts. It's not overwhelming Not horrible but I doubt I'll be back."  they have this crazy satellite juke box which allows my grumpy Brit friends who are in town to pretty much select anything they can possibly think of to play (Blackalicious anyone...?) Plus Someone at my table just referred to a whole other table as ""plan b."" Nice." I really wish Yelp had half stars because for a dive bar  because no amount of salty bar patrons will stand between me and my $2.75 Amber Bocks Love is a battlefield. Hell is for children. Don't stop believin'." I hate this place.  When can we go back? I am not exactly hot and I get great service - tableside even!  I think it helps if you are nice...so be nice to the people who work there  the other name for a kitty kat ... it's quite tasty" I guess that's the dilemma: When I think of going to Pomeroy's I am as excited about the 15 beers on tap and cheap cocktails as I am about the food! I've thought about going to Pomeroy's for lunch on a weekday - without even the intention of sneaking a brew in the middle of the work day! How about we call it a dive restaurant... compromise?"  or at least have no reason to hate it.  I have a hard time refraining from hating things I started out hating.  Good thing I don't hate too many things."  it's a divebar. But had a great time! And the service was great- thanks Charlie!"  but it just adds to the overall atmosphere."  another awesome win is that Pomeroy's is right down the street from my fave 'bertos. But hey  it's not. Don't you dare let my review that includes a 1/2 assed bar fight dissuade you from coming here. I'm still planning on coming back here  I just might shove my glass down your throat to shut your ignorant rude tasteless heifer ass up. Ps. those guys you were hanging all over weren't even interested in you either. They were just too drunk to care. One of these days that nasty look you throw people for no reason will result in a heap of shit coming your way _GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q "Great neighborhood place that's been there forever! The staff is friendly and attentive and they pour a decent drink. The food is standard (can't go wrong with a grilled cheese though). Pool tables  usually a bar stool.  Dougie makes a badass chicken Philly cheesesteak with jalapenos." Only thing I don't like is that you have to go to the bar to order your food and drinks.  I waited at my table for 10 minutes before I finally decided to call in my order.  From my booth." Pomeroy's should definitely be on your rotation of places to be in Phoenix." _GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q WOOOHOOO you guys get five stars!!! AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My gay neighbor took me here for afternoon cocktails on a Sat. This place sucks! The bartender was unfriendly and the bloody mary had no alcohol. Wont return again. It also smells like cigarette smoke from before they banned smoking in the bars. Gross! better dive bars to be had A good casual place to just hang out - Pomeroy's holds a special place in my heart and always delivers a good time.  Sometimes a headache too We drank and ate and were merry. It was a good time. I've passed by the place in the day and it looks completely different then how it did that night."  not Pomeroy's.  They hand you two picture perfect ice frosted mugs filled with your favorite brew and you realize this place isn't for amateurs." They have that old golf arcade game too." Extremely high prices with a staff that seem to be angry because you are there bothering them. Nice bar with a shitty owner and run by shitty relatives of the shitty owner i.e. day shift.  when I ask for water don't tell me ""we only have bottled water"" and charge me $2. Not true and not cool." I got food poisoning from a bacon burger. I thought the meet tasted bad but by then I had already ate half. Puked my guts all night and runs the next day. I informed them and all I got was sorry. _GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q "If you are ""drunk and annoying"" do not come here! I was told this by the bartender while trying to order some food and a drink. Un-professional. Go across the street to the yard! They are friendly and willing to accommodate all." "Pomeroy's needs an update badly (booths and bar seats are falling apart and for god sakes stop writing on the bathroom stalls what are we 12). Other than the decor  our tab was $93.00!!!!! Even if we were drinking top shelf our tab would have not reached that ridiculous amount. After making a comment about the tab This place is not a local dive bar. The employees do not care about anyone who lives in the neighborhood. They only care about money. Wish I never tipped Nadia who particularly doesn't do anything for her money. The Sizzle Inn is a much better dive bar in the area. Wish the management worked here because the propriety has potential!  the place looked like a cool place to hang out but we won't be back. Unless there is another and nicer bartender on duty."  good bad-for-you food and great service from the guy bartender. The only things we weren't  by thrilled were the female bartender (tight blonde curls and SUPER rude to everyone in our party) & the ranch was pure buttermilk with no flavor. Regardless  Drew likes to know how ""hot"" you like them.  Friends had the chicken with salad and the pastrami Reuben - and they loved it.  Its a nice little neighborhood bar with some good food." Again..... Ask for Drew!!!!!!"  but definitely a cool little spot to kick it."  like you have flies...there was a fly in my pint of blue moon...gross!"  friendly and caring. Good tunes. All kinds of games and great people to boot!"  so was disappointed when I suggested it to my boyfriend and came here for a second time. I ordered an IPA and could tell the lines had not been cleaned in a while (I'm also a bartender). They were cool about me getting a bottled beer instead  and the house favorite sandwiches have received awards and are available through the night till 11pm. Did I mention they pour some of the coldest beer in the desert? Yes  first and last time going there. Would give negative stars if I could. My friends and family spoke so highly of this bar and it's been around forever so I figured it would be great. A big group of friends took me there for my 21st birthday at midnight. The second the clock turned midnight I took out my ID and ordered a drink. The bartender was the biggest cunt of a woman I have ever met in my life. She was questioning my ID and thinking it was a fake and being a bitch about what time it was. Like she didn't know that when its midnight Both times we went there the same bartenders were working. A tattooed chick with black hair and a guy. Both were friendly and attentive  and a pretty large seating area. Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that the bartenders were downright rude to my friends and I one night a few years ago. The dozens of other times we've been there service has been great; it is never too empty or too crowded. Make sure to try the patty melt or grilled cheese. Definitely a local PHX crowd."  it has strangely good bar food.  There is a brand new juke box.  The entire place has been referbished in the last year or so.  They have TV's behind the bar  a Jim Beam Manhattan is 4.00) and the regulars are a bunch of characters.  They strongly encourage regulars too Tip: Park in the rear. Use the back door."  come across the street and you'll be pleasantly surprised."  Poor Little Rich Girl. CJ's has become our favorite lunch spot. The bar food is fabulous and it is so reasonable! There is a sort of Cheers atmosphere in that if you have been in a couple of times you are likely to recognize people the third or fourth time in and feel right at home. It is a laid-back Great pricing on quality food and drinks. You can find beef jerky and salsa company owners to commercial real estate persons. Also a patio is coming in the future to help out the smoker/drinkers. Great neighborhood Pub with terrific staff and very genuine customers. They even won trophies in Chili Cook Offs with the Phoenix Fire Departments in the last couple years.  the bartenders don't act like they're doing you a favor selling you a drink. If you're hungry there is a kitchen with cheap and better than average eats. Check it out."  but I personally have never (or ever will) make a conscious effort to come here. I usually wind up here because someone I'm with wants to come here so it's usually a stopover point while bar hopping. While I love me a cheap I never leave CJ's without a smile on my face." "I highly recommend CJ""s . I have been searching for good grilled wings after the Old Dirty Drummer on 51 and Shea went south. Finally found them here. CJ said they will grill them so I tried the medium ones. WOW 12 for $6 and change- big  so there weren't that many people in the bar.  I went in with some friends to get food and there was only one bartender.  The whole place was packed and the bartender was the only one working.  I think they need to staff a little bit better because we knew she was only going to give us our pitcher and not return to take our order.  It was not really her fault considering she was the only one working the whole place.  If they had more staff during peak hours s8KRwTTrQDSKrS3hOjwYLw With the Swizzle Inn (one of the best dive bars ever) across the street I won't be back." Awesome priced food and drinks ... Love it!!!  Best fish and chips ever! But they only serve the fish and chips on Fridays. Chicken tenders and the chicken sandwich are awesome too :) It has become my fave dive bar to go to with friends or even alone "We were going to Dicks Hideaway but it was so busy we kept walking and smelled the burgers cookin at CJ's. They have Fat Tire on tap and they make the perfect Crown and Coke. We ordered burgers and it is so simple... what kind of cheeze? and how do you like it cooked? That is what a good burger should be "CJ's is a pretty basic bar with great drink specials and decent food.  The bartenders are very cool people and attentive to needs of patrons  the drinks are stiff and well made. The atmosphere could be spruced up but then it wouldn't be cjs anymore. I go often and regularly. The crowd changes at around 9pm and gets younger and more interesting. Worth a visit."  friendly staff...overall fun local bar!  Great food with great specials.  I will continue to come to this place again and again.  Love it!!!" "Cj's is quite the hidden gem! I came to visit my dad from out of town and he took me to this local spot to grab a drink and a bite to eat. The food was delish and the drinks were stiff! We had a great time chatting with the bartender who was very friendly and made me feel like I was back home at my local dive bar. If you're looking for a good burger and a beer  friendly staff. Awesome specials and cool atmosphere. I definitely will return to this watering hole. Cheap drinks!!!! First time there left a positive impression. Attracts a diverse crowd." tl;dr It's simple. It's a dive. It's good. Go."  but I haven't tried anything. I mainly go for the drinks and friendly neighborhood atmosphere."  and its better than ever. Great place for a good time and great meal. By the way  and a decent shot at a pool table. Pretty sure they stop cooking at 10pm."  local hangout with a positive attitude and very fairly priced cocktails  and something allllways interesting happens. This place you can get silly and have a good time and meet a wide variety of chill people from the area. Always great."  Talley's chicken parmesan is comparable to the finest Italian restaurants in Phoenix it's a must try!!!"  CJ is always good to talk to and provide great drinks. You can play pool or darts  where it's happy hour EVERY hour.  Cheapest play in town. Totally dead until about 10pm then it'll be packed. Food is all fried s8KRwTTrQDSKrS3hOjwYLw  but don't!!  CJ runs a fun little drinking establishment that happens to serve great food! Large numbers of regulars occupy the bar. You will see a huge variety of age groups. Great burgers  I'd better coming to this pub instead of other local places of such kind! The pub is always overwhelmed with chill people you can get silly with! High score!" This used to be our super casual go-to place when we wanted a quick sandwich and a couple drinks.  Haven't been there in about six weeks so maybe the really great bartender is no longer there because the 50 something black haired bartender is definitely not interested in doing his job. Will probably never be back now.  We Sat down and waited ten minutes. Finally walked to the bar where the bartender ignored us while he did a couple shots with a customer.  Totally ignored us.  Walked back to the table grabbed our things and walked out.  Good job guy.  You just lost a good customer. "Located on the SW corner of 16th St. and Bethany Home Rd. in a strip mall.  Great casual dining in a soft desert toned ambiance; ample portions of really good home cooking served with flair (presentation is everything) at moderate prices.  What more could you ask for? Oh The bar is good for happy hour and relaxing after a movie or a night out." If you haven't been and you are looking for a nice new spot to take someone  it's a mini mall. But they've made it iintimate and not sports bar like. The gang here has made a home run on  every level. It's like coming home everytime I eat here. EAT AT PCG people. It'll give strip malls a new meaning!" Although the food is not ""challenging"" in that there are no weird flavors or textures It seems like a great place to take your parents or people who like meat without much spice and drinks without much alcohol When a restaurant puts Mac N' Cheese on a menu...they are dying to be critiqued hard...So I use Mac N' Cheese as a measure of quality.  Mac N' Cheese is such a bad name because Kraft and Velveeta have raped it of legitamacy in the culinary world.  Now PCG makes a darn creamy rich flavorful Mac N' Cheese and that to me signifies attention to quality.  I have had bad MNC at other ""deconstructed"" restaurants but PCG doesn't stray to far from the point of the dish...and they are successful.   I also fancy the Pot Roast or the Pork Tenderloin.  To start I seem to always get the black bean soup and always happy I did.  Great place!!  Will always be included as my diamond in the rough restaurant."  semi-formal. There's a bar on the left and the dining is to the right. Tables/booths are placed far enough away that you can get a nice intimate dining experience. I love the macadamia nut chicken dish. Wow!!! The service is excellent also. The parking lot is weird and it's in a strip mall  because I am absolutely in love with the corn griddle pancakes with chicken.  My boyfriend always gets this too  the guy that brings water to your table( before the server comes) not only brought the water but brought my ""usual"" iced tea also.... I was so impressed!!!"  so I had to choose it!  ;)  They have fresh bakery buns and added just the right amount of cheese.  Mmmmmm.  My friends ordered the filet medallian with poached eggs and the other had the pancakes  so I'll definitely have to consider the brunch!" "This is a great date spot. it is elegant but not to posh nor will the price leave to bad a taste in your mouth if things don't sizzle after dinner. The lighting is dim so it has a touch of romance to it. You can hear each other talk  less the tortilla strips. I thought it was really delicious. I had enough of a craving for that salad to want to come back within the week. Never made it however. It was about 115 degrees "Phoenix City Grill is tucked away in a very nondescript shopping center on the Southwest Corner of 16th and Bethany Home Road. Dont let this blur your expectations The service was wonderful and the atmosphere is calm and cozy.  The menu is a smidge pricey "The corn cakes and the bacon wrapped prawns. I would sell my mother for them. Does that make me a bad person? Or just really  and the ambiance nice.  It's a little pricey but worth it.  I usually try the daily special because so far I haven't been disappointed.  The food has a nice sw fare but isn't too heavy.  If you are  looking for a solid choice for dinner that will please  just about anyone  it is served topped with fried onions YUM! I think the prices fall in line with the quality and the portions. I'm not sure where the Luby comment came from unless he is 18 or even younger. The crowd whenever I have eaten there has been a wide variety but usually a high concentration in the 26 or so to 40 range. This little gem doesn't disappoint. Good eats and good prices." PCG is still doing great and doesn't need anything more from me than my credit card for payment when the check comes...keep up the good work!"  and very good. The salad had some lump of bread but I didn't eat it. My friends had the portobello burger and the black bean soup and both were very happy. I will be back next week for another lunch and will write a follow up."  we crossed the street and had dinner at Phoenix City Grill. We were seated right away. Service was good. I love the ambiance and decor of this place. Great for a date night "Good but not great local restaurant. I have been going off and on for a couple of years now. I have to say the food is always consitant but lacks serious flavor. I have noticed the service is sometimes spotty as well. I feel like their sister restaurant Sierra Bonita has much more appeal to me. I will continue to go as I have never had a bad experience PHOENIX CITY GRILL ROCKS!!!" For a special night out or just drinks in the bar (hopefully Frank is working when you go) Great place for lunch meetings.  Just above average Bar food.  coupled with the  neo-country sound track make this a one time stop for me."  you feel a little weighed down. It had some type of white cheese in it- not necessary. I shouldn't have tried it anyway- I am trying to be a fishetarian. They have great simple salads. And the cedar plank salmon is absolutely my favorite menu item. mmmmm....." Overall very happy with this restaurant. We will definitely be coming back. Especially for Happy Hour  so we hit it up for a late lunch. Holy YUM!  Bacon-wrapped shrimp: giant shrimp stuffed with cotija and crispity delicious bacon. A heart-stopper I was able to ignore him as the food made its way to my belly."  mushrooms and sweet corn in a green chile butter sauce. It was delicious. The beef was cooked a perfect med rare and the wood grill flavor really came thru. The shrimp were great wish there was more shrimp. I did get the small portion so more shrimp with the large . Small was $14 large is $18. My friend ordered the Grilled Beef Tenderloin which is Wood grilled 8oz. center cut filet with chipotle cheddar stuffed potato and sherry glazed mushrooms. $27 These mushrooms were like candy they should serve them for an app cause I know I'd get them. I wanted to get dessert but I had a long night ahead of me so I will have to get something next time. I did see a few desserts come out and looked great. Overall the place is great and I have a feeling I will become a regular. The server we had was the nicest guy. He was very knowledgeable of all the menu items and answered all my questions without hesitation. Great food Overall the food was very good but the service had me wishing it was better and it did affect my overall dining experience. I will come back for the happy hour but I will have to pass on a glass of wine... unless they can guarantee it'll be served in a dry wine glass. And maybe some attentive service. So hopefully next time I'll get my four stars Its a cozy and dark/romantic type setting."  make it a point to do so soon. I hear their parking lot remodel is completed. :)" I have never been here for brunch before but think I will need to go back very soon! Such a great brunch to honor an awesome mother in law!"  I highly recommend the pot roast. And I don't know anywhere else that serves up their quinoa and goat cheese cakes (what a yummy combo). And they do try to buy locally when they can. It's a great restaurant in a location that's never too packed with traffic. And the staff has always been courteous. It's really becoming one of my favorite go-to places. I'm surprised it's not plugged more in local dining guides." A nice neighborhood dining option." I was so pleasantly surprised by how great the Phoenix City Grille was that I just HAD to put a review on Yelp (and this is my first!).  Our server was excellent  any of the fish dishes.. Everything is made with quality ingredients nothing fancy and full of flavor. They do it right. I held my college graduation dinner here it is that good. I would recommend this to the pickiest of eaters  too.  I didn't know so many other people had discovered them.   I've often ordered whatever was a special of the day and never been disappointed with that  others not so hot; wine list pretty indifferent and slipping. But this kind of behavior is a game changer. I will never go back." As far as cost- you can get out of there for $40 for 2 and have a good meal or you can get the higher end dishes which will run you a bit more. Great place and we will be back soon!"  neighborhood place...wouldn't suggest people go out of their way to check it out  and the menu has something for everyone.  My personal faves are the black bean soup and the Bethany Home Chopped salad (and I'm not really a salad kind of gal :)!!!).  But don't shy away from the ribs "It had been years since I had been to PCG; but my friends Rich & Corey said lets go there.  Decided to try brunch today.  I had the   Stacked Green Chile Chicken Enchiladas thought it might be like chilaquiles - but it was very delicious!!!  The price is very reasonable.  My friends both had Smoked Salmon Benedicts - they looked very yummy.  Also  the owner actually cares about his customers and everyone i tell this story to they are like i can't believe he did that. Go to Phoenix City Grille you won't be disappointed. KUDOS to PCG and especially you Mr. Owner The best pan fried cornbread.    Have not eaten a meal that was not delicious.      Great place to eat and enjoy the pictures on the wall.  you must. If given the option I would pick 3.5 stars. This is because of the service and the lack of available specials (maybe cross them off the sandwich board out front when you run out?) I've heard they have a great happy hour and I would definitely recommend the bacon-wrapped shrimp on the app menu."  that's not what brought me. It was a chicken sandwich and was missing it's main condiment to boot. I got a side of whatever was supposed to go on it Definitely a go to place!"  and we'll certainly be back.  Mondays they have happy hour 3pm to close!"  but I'll make the drive to PCG any time I get an opportunity!"  but good. Seemed that he floor might not have been staffed well my 2nd visit." This place is very close to home and I will become a regular  I called Total Wine to see about buying a bottle for home and searched the vineyard's website for where to buy a bottle in Arizona but didn't get very far. I guess I'll have to add that to the reasons to return to Phoenix City Grille!"  lacked a little bit of seasoning. We shared the grilled beef tenderloin with mushrooms. The portions were great! I love a restaurant that has hardy dinner dishes for lunch. I'm not stuck ordering a salad  even if you aren't a downtown person - worth the trip!" Excellent place for a nice dinner out.  Even if you get in to steaks the place is not over the top expensive.  It was quiet enough we no trouble talking."  a coke for her and a pabst for myself. We gnoshed on those delicious burgers accompanied w/ garlic horseradish mashed potatoes ooooweee! Here was a dish that was so perfectly flavoured and well thought out and deceptively simple. without a shadow of doubt one of the best burgers i've had in phx. I would recommend PCG to any and all I hope to eat at PCG again sometime soon. The food and service were great and it definitely has a great ambiance about it." We topped off a perfect dinner with the warm croissant bread pudding. Great date destination and food that you will never forget." Although PCG is a little bit of a drive for me (outside my usual 5-mile maximum radius)  you know you are at Capital Grille.  Once you get past the fact that it is in a strip mall (a common occurance in Phoenix) and that it is located to a goofy clothing store next door  I'm going to head right back here and try it out! Everyone in AZ needs to know about this place. It's one of those solid classic restaurants you can go to for pretty much any occasion. 5 stars to PCG!" Phoenix City Grill is one of our favorites but this time they were too busy to provide prompt seating and service we expect.  We only visit once a year.  Maybe next time will be better."  this would be in my rotation for sure." Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ  the service has never been outstanding. My friends really like this place so we all meet there tonight. My friends(2 males) got there before i did. They had ordered wine and  had gotten me water.  The waitress  it is not my first choice.  It seems we always have a birthday or someone else's get together  and the place was pretty much full by the time we left @ 6:45 pm on a Thursday (we stopped in for an early bite after a Spring Training game nearby). I would be a regular if I lived here!  I'll definitely be back next time I am in town."  I love their seafood entrees and the sauteed veggies.  Hearty portion sizes but not over the top.  Still haven't figured out the magic in those mashed potatoes!  I'd try to save a little room to share a dessert I recommend the cheeseburgers and margaritas. They are very tasty and pair nicely. The atmosphere is very comfortable  make sure to try one of their Moscow Mules."  but the server never asked if I cared for another. The server only asked me if I wanted more water when it was time to leave the restaurant.  It also seemed to take awhile to get the check and pay for the food. The restaurant was only moderately busy "We love this place.  It's close to home and never disappoints.  I can honestly say Phx city grille is amazing !!!!! We go at least once a week great atmosphere and  food is great. A True gem to phx ....  my wife had some type of egg white omelet. The food and service was really good and they offered special drinks such as $3 mimosas. I highly recommend this place." I've never had a bad experience here. Everything I order is amazing. Friendly staff.  but wish the brunch menu were more interesting."  the bloody Mary was tasty and at $4 is a steal on a Sunday morning! My companions had the crab cake benedict and the bread pudding french toast (more like a dessert than a breakfast) The bill came out to about $40 with tax and tip  and good food. The environment was very laid back and relaxing. Definitely worth checking out if your in the area." Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ We did order an item that was clearly on the happy hour menu (but we didn't know it was on the menu -- i.e. ""do you have a -blank- we can order?"")  the butter infusions!  Trying to figure out how I can go back in tonight and just do the deserts..." "This place has a great happy hour which we have been to a couple of times so we decided to have dinner there.  No comparison.  The burger I ordered was very dry and flavorless.  The bun was falling apart.  The ""beef sliders"" ordered by a member of our group were slices of dried out pot roast on a bun.  The shrimp appetizer ordered by another person was OK.  None of the food was outstanding (a $12.00 burger in central Phx should be).  Service was good.  The wine list was unusual and fairly priced.  I felt the prices were rather high for the quality of food.  The place was very dark which made it difficult to get around.  We shall stick with the happy hours there and skip the dinners." I will be back soon !" also the chili was quite nice also"  thankfully Phoenix City Grille has given me a solid option."  the ""Surf"" should always be lobster. Not a deal breaker but that is one offering on the menu that bothered me. The best part of this place is the bar  friendly and efficient servers. Food is exceptional from the steak tacos to the burgers and daily specials. The owner Sheldon is always there which is why it is so successful. Ask for Amy  service was good especially for a busy night and food was decent. I would definitely want to come back to try some drink specials and more desserts. =)"  the ambiance inside is very warm and welcoming. Instantly you will get the urge to enjoy a cocktail or in my case a Martini. PCG only gets better with the food. Classic comfort foods with a little southwest twist. The Griddle Corn Cakes were fantastic. You can definitely order that appetizer as an entree. I had the green chile burger and it was delicious. I don't think you could go wrong with any of the dishes on this menu. We will be back soon and often." Topped off with a gift of diamond earrings. How bad could it be??"  really? then to get a special and it has a small piece of fish and about a Quarter cup of salad for $29! Don't get me wrong I'm truly not a cheapskate but in this economy to pay $145 for three dinners Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ This update is not to say ""Woohoo! I got a free meal."" It's just an appreciation for when a restaurant is willing to own up to a mistake and try to make up for it. It also sounds like because of me "I had a lunch meeting here yesterday and had to wait for my clients to arrive so I got to watch the active so to speak for a few minutes. I have got to say what a fab little place with great customer service!  The staff greeted the regulars by first name and were extremely welcoming everyone coming in the door.  The food was great Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ "The ""Cheers"" of central Phoenix." I kind of think of it in terms of a wedding....a lot of wedding food isn't amazing but it works because it works for big groups....I think this place is like that. I probably wouldn't go here for a date  the presentation of food is much better when dining in. The to-go boxes and packing is not as nice as one would expect."  yum. And we'll keep coming back. Thanks PCG." Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ  you'd think they'd treat their patrons with less contempt. If PCG loses business  friendly and efficient servers. Food is exceptional from the steak tacos to the burgers and daily specials. The owner Sheldon is always there which is why it is so successful. Ask for Amy Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ If you're ever looking for a neighborhood staple  for renewing my faith in brunch." Lots of locals frequent this place - and often. It's located in a strip mall in an area that is undergoing a revitalization. Don't let that stop you from trying this place. You won't be disappointed." I would definitely recommend PCG for a big dining party.  They were courteous Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ  which sounded fabulous but was only OK.  The Bloody Marys were delish but really spicy.  We sat outside and enjoyed the good weather but I really wish my breakfast had been more delish.  I will try it again but hope to land on something really good!" The hardest part may be not trying some of the other interesting restaurants in this part of Phoenix."  the food was excellent and the wine was smooth and wondeful.  I had their 16th St short rib stew (and kuddos that you have a small portion option) and it was scrumptious.  I practically licked the plate and you always know its a winner when I don't offer to have anyone taste my dish.  It had been a long time since we were there and I doubt if it will be a long time before we go back." What a place for brunch. $4 drinks are fantastic. Their tenderloin egg Benedict and sea food sandwich is heavenly. Wish we had such a place in Los Angeles. "Fabulous restaurant. Went with my girlfriends for Sunday brunch and it was fantastic from the moment we walked in. Our waitress was incredibly friendly (and even commented on how pretty I was - MAJOR tip for her obviously). The atmosphere was relaxed with a dim setting and apparently very popular for Sunday brunch (it even has its own menu). If you get to stop by  the shrimp are huge and absolutely delicious. We also had the crispy eggplant bites very good too. All 4 of us enjoyed our entrees...portions were perfect which left us room for dessert! We shared the bread pudding "Went here for late dinner with friends upon the recommendation of a local.  Unassuming location in a strip mall.  Parking lot was crowded.  Inside was bustling.  Menu had small plates I am in no rush to go back." Love that this is a locally-owned place and they never disappoint for date night for us! I always get the amazing pot roast - some of the best I've ever had! My husband usually gets the chicken & pasta dish or pot roast and swears by both of them. The bread pudding (and I'm not normally a fan) is truly out of this world and the perfect end to dinner! They must have an incredible staff as we've never had anything but excellent service there. The eggplant bites are amazing!  Everything we tried on our first visit was top notch and very reasonable. I am so impressed with/obsessed with their buttermilk pie that I found a recipe online and baked one at home.  Pales in comparison to theirs!  We'll definitely be back soon!  but I would certainly like to come back sometime and try out an entree.  Overall I would definitely recommend coming here!"  it slammed against the glass and sounded like a gunshot.  This was enjoyed during our one drink and appetizer before leaving.  So if you're a party of two le slaw was bland and Chili was essentially pork and beans without the pork. Good bar with great selection of tap beers. Sorry. Just not great food." "We stopped in for lunch and had a great experience. The food is great and the service was good too. If you stop in  love that it is non-chain and locally owned.  My dish was a layered chicken enchilada. It was delicious. I am dinging a star because it was barely tepid. I like my hot food hot! I was with a small group and did not want to make a fuss by sending it back. Love the decor and menu and will definitely give it another whirl. The service was excellent."  I was a little disappointed in the service. Otherwise would have given 4 stars."  it is not cheap but I guarantee you will find every penny worth.  I have it cooked in medium rare.  The meat is so tender and juicy.  You can taste the freshness.  I finishing my dinner with ""Bailey Cheesecake"" as the dessert.  This is the highlight of the dinner  this is definitely a place we will come back to!" We totally enjoyed our whole experience at Phoenix City Grille.  The service couldn't have been any better.  The gal was very attentive Ambiance is nice but the food lacks taste and is overpriced.. I also found it interesting that the waitress couldn't remember our order to save her life. Came back on several occasions to ask what we ordered.  but okay.  Good place to meet with your business clients." I tend to find everything else I've tried a bit too salty or oily to my taste (for example Be sure to try the Johnny Cakes - it was much more impressive than what I was expecting"  but I have never been disappointed. Prickly pear iced tea is excellent also. The atmosphere is nice and dim with cozy booths and prompt servers. This is one of my regular places :)" I have always enjoyed dinner with friends at Phoenix City Grille. I had never tried Happy Hour there so a friend and I decided to give it a try. We sat for almost 10 minute at bar before we were asked if we'd like a drink. The Green Chile Queso Fundido was quite tasty. We intended to order a few other items but We had to pry the bartenders to return for refills and food that we decided to leave and continue Happy Hour elsewhere. Keep you posted on our return to PCG... "Continue to be impressed with the very creative weekend specials....a really good restaurant with a unique neighborhood vibe.  Not pretentious Hubby had a chicken dish and I had the short rib special. Um...we will be back!!!!!" PCG would have gotten another star if it weren't for the lack and lackluster service.  I will definitely go back but I'm hoping the service will have improved."  but I must give credit where credit is due. I will be back there again to try some of their other items. Can't wait." My husband and I ate at Phoenix City Grille for the first time on Friday night and we loved it! As we walked in the door we were greeted with a quality aroma that you just don't get from a typical grill. All we knew is that we had to try the ribs and we were glad we did! I had the crusted fish and it was fantastic! The menu had many different price options and that was nice too because sometimes you just want a burger! I think another reason why we will come back is because I saw many gluten free items on the menu. We have a son with Celiac so finding a safe place to feed him is priceless! Also love the combustible to go box! Service was pretty good. We had a nice time and I think we'll definitely be back." Great food. Never really a long wait. A lot of old people though. The staff is just ok. If you ask for something say you don't want in a dish they get incredibly nervous even though you know they can do it every single time haha. Definitely give this place a try!"  I will definitely be returning. Thanks for the great service and meal." We had an amazing Valentine's Day dinner here this year. All the food was amazing. Warning!: The homemade margarita is more like a shot! Very delicious but very dangerous! ;) The taco appetizers were amazing!  We loved everything!  Topped it off with pumpkin cheesecake....amazimg! This place is super popular for good reason. If you're coming for a special occasion or with a larger group (which they can readily accommodate) I'd recommend a reservation."  and it's the job of the front line (the servers and front of the house staff) to inform guest of what things cost wither by having a price on a menu "The food here is amazing. I can't believe that this was only my first time. The price is very reasonable. I am one that usually leaves some on my plate  and friendly service.  Well-sorted menu with vegetarian and seafood options (yay me). Deschutes Brewery Porter. Affordable price point."  because he was constantly on top of refilling our drinks and such without us even noticing. Big portions of food are given. We could have shared a plate between the two of us. We could only finish half of our sandwiches The restaurant only has about 20 tables F8pSVQoGWD5qleelrxgQ4g  it was a very nice Valentine's dinner spot.  I hope to see this special on their menu again as my husband and I both really loved it.   It was Grilled Sea Bass with a champagne sauce  but we've never had any major issues.    I feel like a restaurant really needs to be perfect to get 5 stars.  I would say this is more of a 4.4 star review.  They are consistently very good.  It also pays to get on their email list for free appetizers and desserts." "I've lived in Phoenix since 1997 and finally got to Phoenix City Grille.  Great food This is an update to my last review. The service is MUCH better. Sat at the bar & they check in on you regularly and are very nice. The bacon wrapped shrimp is OUTSTANDING. It is a must to try. I definitely recommend this place. "This is the 2nd time we've been here and we were not at all disappointed with the food or service. The menu was different than the 1st time we came 2 years ago and they tried to sit us in the corner http://www.attorneysteve.net" "Everything was great.  Requested to split two entres and four separate plates came out...As requested  the staff was so friendly I felt like family. I haven't had a bad thing from their menu  my wife and I are still loving every meal!  The bar area has a cool vibe and the happy hour deals are great.  Ownership is constantly improving the concept of PCG which secures this restaurant as our favorite in town." PCG has many choices and everything I have had has been wonderful. Saturday we both had the special steak of the day. The steak was delicious and the red pepper potatoes even better! They have a nice wine selection and the Old Vine Zin we tried was very nice."  not a great experience." Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ The service is always adequate to great and it is nice to have a restaurant that tends to have a relaxed atmosphere and is generally on the quieter side.  This is generally one of the restaurants I will take friends and family to when they are visiting as it tends to please a broad range of personalities and palettes." This place is by far my favorite place to eat. My first time going there my parents took me for my bday! Their eggplant bites and corn cakes are thee best appetizers. Their bread pudding is thee best sweet thing I've ever put in my mouth! Thumbs up to this place!! Bacon wrapped shrimp appetizer is fantastic!!!" Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ  so we decided to ""settle"" for it. What a surprise! The food was absolutely world class Excellent service. Beautiful place. Hubby had an excellent burger. The Eggplant sandwich with goat cheese was awesome. We will be back!! we all left big fans of this spot and are looking forward to returning!!!!!!!!!!!!" "Great place to go for after-work drinks. Varied happy hour menu. Very peaceful and quiet. Nice ambience. Waiter wasn't too attentive at first  and no complaints after five visits.  I agree with Steve V. that the eggplant appetizer is *really  and a short pour on the wine. Clearly annoyed when we had a question about our bill. Shrimp was tasty  I loved the sun-dried tomatoes and the broccoli along with the pasta.    There were crispy tortilla strips in my friend's salad that she didn't want so I put it on my pasta.   This is a hint to the restaurant:   Maybe put those strips on the pasta??   The crispness and flavoring of the corn tortilla strips were a nice compliment to the texture and flavoring of the pasta.   If her salad was ""small  I wanted to leave; ordered a Coke but got a flat diet soda. I am allergic to diet soda. The food was just plainly bad. Couldn't wait to get home to use mouthwash and brush my mouth to get rid of the flavor of their food. Please We  were greeted warmly by the owners.  The staff was very attentive .surprised that there were no bread or crackers. Ordered their soup which was nice and hot.soup of the day was Paso Le which was broth and spicy.   . Had their burger with blue cheese and fresh jalapeos  it was a little over cooked but good  flavor "I had a dinner date there. Doesn't look too pricy till you get there and you're there in an atmosphere which makes you want to spend a little more and you see their specialty drinks. Very inviting bar area. Next time I go back I want to eat and drink there. Service was pretty awesome "You will not find one thing on this menu that is not crazy flavorful. Great ambiance  service! Servings are large and care to presentation is evident! This restaurant deserves 5 stars!" "OMG - just had their special:  baked cod on mashed potatoes with brussel sprouts and ""mom's special bacon vinaigrette"".  It was to die for - seriously one of the best fish meals ever."  amazing food. Will return." We will be returning!" What a great place! The drinks are on the fringe of being grand. The butter beer is served hot instead of warm and the best gin they have to offfer is skol. The food is prepared very well from mesquitie grilled salmon and perfect scored grill marked steak. The polenta is superb. It was obvious the hummus was hand crafted for it contained the tell signs of a little grit. Perfectly balanced with olives and chunk of vegetables. The pita is warm and tastes of being baked in store. The bread pudding to finish it off was heavy and tasted of French toast. Unfortunately I did not taste Jack Daniel's lime whiskey in what it promised. Otherwise the server was wise and professional in our table needs. I look forward to trying the trout next time. We went to Phoenix City Grill for Christmas Eve Dinner. It was busy but not rediculously so. The hostess staff were helpful and friendly. We had a reservation for 6 people and we were seated promptly. The waitress was attentive and friendly. We ordered off of the special Christmas Eve menu and off of the regular menu. Everything was cooked as ordered and everyone raved about the food. It was a nice evening and we would go back. Overall every thing was excellent "I just finished a phenomenal lunch at PCG.  The special of the day was grilled mahi-mahi over mixed vegetables.  There is no better lunch in town for the money.  Service is always prompt I will spend my money elsewhere....." We are tourists just getting some dinner.  This restaurant was fantastic. Price vs quality of food can't be beat.  The server was very nice and the dinner was just the right portions. "This restaurant is one of our favorites in town!  The service is top notch and the food is wonderful.  Thanks for being one of the most reliable Veggie plate is an entree I wish I would have tried." Went here for Valentine's Day with my boyfriend. It was our first time there and people ordered the steak and appetizer and a dessert. I thought the meal was excellent very flavorful and worth every penny. The service was good as well. I would definitely go back thank you for a wonderful valentine's Day experience!  you can count on it.    I sure would like to have the flavoring mix of the pasta.   I had called the restaurant to find out the name of my dish since it was the special of the night.    I was told it used to be on the menu Service was great though!" a pleasant surprise. She also offered free dessert but we were full and thought that would be greedy.  So will still have a positive view of this foodery and will continue to go back....their standards are high."  was confident in the menu and gave a generous pour. My beautiful plate of Idaho trout w/roasted cauliflower tasted perfect. Her plate of cedar plank salmon and fingerling potatoes was excellent. The fish was perfectly prepared  though not perfect (but I am admittedly picky about braised meats). Shoestring fries - a substitution provided without complaint - are not my favorite style  which is like the appetizer but super sized and served between two delicious brioche buns. Both entrees are fantastic! Service was great and the space is nicely lit with a lot of natural light. It's just a little bit on the pricey side." I'll be back for more the next time I'm in Phoenix!" "Love PCG. We are what you would call regulars. We eat at PCG at least twice a week if not three and there is not a thing on the menu I do not like. Monday and Tuesday they have happy hour until close (u can't go wrong with that) $6 glass of Fess Parker and half priced bacon wrapped shrimp Everyone is super nice. I love this place. It's my first time here and I'm definitely coming back. They are fast friendly and attentive. I got the a Burger and fries they were delicious. I just can't believe I have never been here before. What have I been doing withy life. Terrible service. I came in here not too long ago and a girl name Britney served us. She was awful I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Not only was she rude but the food took forever and was not even worth the wait. Never going back and hopefully the management does something about the service soon.. "Our party of seven had no complaints! Just great service and great food! My wife and I both had the Bethany Home Salad I've never had anything here that I didn't like. I tell people it is fancy versions of comfort food. Their brunch is  amazing - especially the griddled corn cakes and eggs Benedict. Great atmosphere and service.  very consistent good food and service.  My wife and I enjoy the daily specials lunch or dinner it is always creative and delicious. Waitstaff is friendly and efficient. We've been going there for 4 years and we think best place in the city."  the other was dry and almost inedible.  My wife had the cedar plank salmon.  Had some kind of weird mustard crust on top.  I didn't like it at all.  She found it mediocre.  It is a cute "I love this place. Usually my wife and I sit in the bar area and we are taken care of by a fine cadre of barkeeps.  B School Boyos Austin and Connor are the bartenders we see the most.  They are friendly and know how to conjure up a classic cocktail. PSG has a solid southwestern menu  a commodity you're hard pressed to find on this side of the country...specially brought in from a local bakery called Shelley's Specialty Desserts this pie did not disappoint either!! It's been years since I was able to enjoy this type of pie and surpassed the hype I had placed on the moment!! We will be back and HIGHLY recommend PCG!!!!" Excellent gourmet-level fare served up with friendly and professional service.  Great business lunch spot!  Everything we had was tasty and spot on.  PCG was an easy choice for our wedding rehearsal dinner. Sheldon helped us plan a wonderful dinner and the room was perfect for our group. PCG printed a special menu for our guests and everyone was delighted by the food My Husband and I stopped in for a few drinks and apps. I literally can't stop thinking about the Machaca. Super friendly bar staff and if their dinner menu is anything like the appetizers we tried... I'm afraid we might become PCG addicts. Will be back for sure!!  outstanding service! Nicholas has been one of the best servers we've had anywhere. He was extremely helpful and his recommendations were perfect. I would definitely recommend Phoenix City Grille. And I don't think you could order a bad thing on the menu. We are looking forward to our next visit."  especially the corn cakes.  Service and ambiance are excellent.  Always get the chocolate tort!   Yum." This is one of my favorite spots in town! Just great home cooking. The Buttermilk pie is to Die For! This is a Phoenix must!  hoping the other was not having the same experience.  I'm sure they would have made it right if I had brought it to their attention."  My GF had the eggplant salad which the eggplant was fried and crispy and topped with greens and that vinaigrette dressing. Delicious! The entrees were unbelievably so good! My beef short ribs was so tender and flavorful I was able to cut through with a fork. It came with mashed potatoes and a tasty sauce over. She had the salmon which was equally as tender and flavorful which came with beets. The third and final course was dessert. I had the warm chocolate torte with vanilla ice cream and my GF had the bread pudding. Perfect ending to perfect 3 course dinner. No complaints! Our bartender/server was David "My group and I were in the private dining room last week and Britney was our server. I had the pcg pasta and I loved it. The service was amazing Best place for a private event. If you are a rep looking to do a dinner training event you have to book this place. They have the private room next to the kitchen - away from the rest of the restaurant so it's fantastically quiet if you are tying to give a presentation to a small group.  No fee for the projector or screen - private bathrooms- personal server and top notch food.  They made us a personalized limited menu but they will also offer full.  Sheldon is the owner and he really set up a great facility - I travel the west looking for decent places to give small dinner presentations (8-20) and it's always too loud or the food is bad.  5 stars all the way for Phoenix city grill "We just had a small group dinner in their private room and once again they did outstanding! The food was great  I had the lunch special salad. Lunch for two people took over 90 minutes and it took 15 minutes to get our drinks. The location is easy to get in and out of The nice thing about this restaurant is we were able to get a private room for our party of about 9 people."  and has a perfect range of entries that cover most appetites. Food is always prepared perfectly and the bar is a great place to gather. Can't go wrong here. Planked Salmon We found the Phoenix City Grille by accident while visiting Phoenix. We were there for lunch and the food exceeded our expectations. The service was very good. The next time we are in Phoenix this will be our first stop. I keep giving this place a shot because it's in my neighborhood but honestly. It just isn't worth it. The service is what gets me. I can never flag someone down to place an order. I always leave and go to either Luci's or The garage across the street and three years straight I have gotten spectacular service there. had the beet salad it was was good but for the price to small considering it should be a meal had half of my wife's burger now that was really good cook perfect and juicy as hell down side the service was very slow had to ask for water all time and that was from other servers because ours was never around but will be back at least for one of the Burger's Just stopped in for free lunch for Veteran's Day. I had the 16th St Burger and Horseradish Mashed Potatoes. WOW! I sat at the bar. The service was awesome and everyone made a point to thank me for my service. Feeling proud after this visit. Staff and ownership is overall wonderful. If something ever goes wrong they will make it right.  Very rare do bad things happen.  Great vibe.  Great music.  Happy hour all day Monday and Tuesday Outstanding service! Everything was fresh and served absolutely superb. Over exceeds expectations. Staff is very welcoming and friendly. Loved it!  served by a truly attentive wait staff in a cozy warm environment.  We be back and soon." I would love to come back on my own and try something else"  yum.  Bread pudding desert is to die for.  Also liked the prickly pear iced tea.  Definitely worth the price.   David was a great waiter!"  comfortable and accessible setting. Pork shoulder entree was not only tender and juicy but tasty and interesting. One of the other guests couldn't stop raving about the burger (I thought a questionable holiday dinner order but he loved it - was sure he was going to order Prime Rib). Everyone at the table was pleased with their food - scallops "What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said. It is a solid restaurant. The food is great Best place for a private event. If you are a rep looking to do a dinner training event you have to book this place. They have the private room next to the kitchen - away from the rest of the restaurant so it's fantastically quiet if you are tying to give a presentation to a small group.  No fee for the projector or screen - private bathrooms- personal server and top notch food.  They made us a personalized limited menu but they will also offer full.  Sheldon is the owner and he really set up a great facility - I travel the west looking for decent places to give small dinner presentations (8-20) and it's always too loud or the food is bad.  5 stars all the way for Phoenix city grill Having a wonderful time at Phoenix City Grill today  picture of our server wonderful girl a lot of fun Phoenix City Grill is a classic institution. Food has always been good and the service is great  we brought our 9 month old daughter and requested a high chair. The straps on the chair were broken so we asked for a different one... And the 2nd high chair was also broken. The staff was amazing  horseradish mashed potatoes excellent! My husband loved his pcg pasta. Really good food." "I was invited to brunch with friends who are regulars. I've passed by this place a bunch of times. It's in a strip mall and doesn't look like much from the outside but when I walked in I was pleasantly surprised. The ambiance was casual with a touch of elegance. Our server was Nina who was delightful and pleasant. I decided on an Arnold Palmer for a beverage although my peers were having bloody mary's and mimosas. I decided on the breakfast sandwich and asked that it be served on the gluten free hamburger bun. It was one of the tastiest breakfast sandwiches I have ever had. A couple friends had the ""catch"" of the day which I believe was salmon and they enjoyed it. I will absolutely be back." Excellent food and service.  Salmon was so tender and moist and the sauce wonderfully complementary for the fish.  Portions were perfect. Vegetables were delicious. Stoped here for dinner.  Our waitess was not bad but not the greatest. I think she wad having a bad day. The food was very good. I would recommend  this place you won't  be disappointed. I don't really have that much to say here - it's your typical American Grill with some Southwest flair but unlike most of those places it is actually very good! And it's local to boot!"  happy hour and brunch. So why don't I frequent this place?  I just don't know... I've never left here thinking the food or service was amazing but I've never thought it was bad either. This is a place I agree to go to at someone else's suggestion Give this place a try and you wont be disappointed."  which he said were fantastic. For dinner I had the beet salad that was good. Staff was friendly & food was good. Don't forget to try the French 75...it has become my favorite cocktail thanks to this lovely place & brilliant bartenders :)" The 16th street burger was good not anything spectacular. I happen to like my burgers a tad more rare than some chefs are willing to do - a bit more medium and dry than I prefer was what I was given. The cheese on it was slightly over powering Is there better options? ABSOLUTELY!"  of course I had to take a picture in front of it. *smiley face*"  you would never know its so spacious and elegant inside. I love the wine bottle area  the area north of Camelback and Central  has some good places to eat thanks to  the million dollar homes around here.  This place is worth a visit.  I am going back for another enchilada............"  not trendy. Just awesome food and great service." "I've lived down the street from PCG since December 2015 - finally got around to visiting.  AWESOME!  Really great atmosphere - much larger on the inside than you would expect from looking at the outside.  Rebekka was our server and she was fantastic.  I ordered a side salad (not listed on the menu but they were happy to prepare) and asked for a dinner roll.  The roll was crusty on the outside I've been here several times and have always had a good meal.  I wanted salmon today... but I'm always reluctant to order salmon out.  Even at upscale restaurants it tends to be way too fishy for my taste.  I went out on a limb and ordered the salmon skewers over arugula and roasted beets. It honestly might have been the best salmon I've had out.  It was cooked perfectly - with no fishy taste whatsoever - melt in your mouth good.  The salad was wonderful as well.  I ate every yummy morsel.  I will definitely be back for lunch and this will be my go to.  and I was glad to have ordered it! The crispy eggplant with the jalapeo jelly was delicious and unique. The fries that came on the side were hot and crispy. I also ordered a red sangria and it was one of the best sangrias I've had; it was a little drier than most  and my eggs benedict was very disappointing. The hollandaise was super thin and I could detect no taste to it at all. They no longer had the pork tenderloin benedict which is listed on their online menu I would highly recommend this place!" mgllPJA6NQXlJurFWAkqQg  and friendly people...what more can u ask for?  I'm not a huge bar guy but this place is like Phoenix's Cheers...eventually everyone will know your name.    The sliding glass door with the little beach is what makes this place AWESOME!!!  After TexAz...Swizzle Inn to this Bar  (Wow that was bad!!) for some good times."  but for the regulars they all know each other. I found that it's more of a place to go when you don't want to run into anyone you know. Smaller setting and hard to find if you're just driving by. I bought a cute tank-top there that says ""Swizzle Inn  Fleetwood Mac and ABBA among other things the last time we came) and a really sweet midwestern vibe. Enjoy!" mgllPJA6NQXlJurFWAkqQg  I suspect you could poach.  I do love the sliding door to nowhere/terrarium/glass dungeon mentioned in the other reviews.  Every bar should have a ""what the hell"" feature." I will definitley be back for the friendly service mgllPJA6NQXlJurFWAkqQg mgllPJA6NQXlJurFWAkqQg P.S. The Bathroom is superb." The jukebox has rad tunes! The pool table is always hoppen. Only go here if you like good times."  glad I stopped by. Service was great as well. I was also happy to find they had sunshine wheat on tap  and a really weird collection of customers. This place makes me wonder why I'd never come in sooner. It feels like a midwestern small town dive bar. Something you'd find in Springfield Illinois mgllPJA6NQXlJurFWAkqQg Fun little hole in the wall. Back behind the Starbucks at 16th and Bethany Home Rd. I still can't get a handle on this place.  Depending on the time of day you seem to attract either mostly elderly alcoholics or douchebags from the suburbs.  Where are the hipsters? "Don't go here! I think the Owner of the bar went through gene therapy to revert back to a primitive state. Don't give her any of your business Cute little dive bar hidden behind Starbucks on the SE corner of 16th and Bethany.  The women's bathroom is surprisingly decorated (will have to see for yourself).  I love how they decorated for Christmas with all the lights. I noticed the other reviews of old people frequenting the bar... Kind of strange because I don't think there was anyone over 40 at the bar when I was there.  This may also depend on the time of day  but the servers are friendly and its a good crowd."  you never know who will be bellying up to the bar on the next stool over.  It could be a hipster who rolled up on their beach cruiser from the Garage.  It could be your grandfather.  It may be a softball player who's mad b/c they lost or buying you drinks because they won.  or a peace corps volunteer alumni.   You just never know.   But what I do know "Super cute dive bar with friendly staff and patrons.  Cheap drinks P.S.- I really like the Swizz." I LOVE the swizzle! good times "I used to LIVE at The Swizzle Inn and sadly only make it back occasionally. This really is a great bar and was the first cool place I found when I moved to Phoenix. It is an unpretentious dive bar that attracts a diverse but generally friendly  ""It is the greatest!  I've been going to the Swizz for years.""  Maybe I should have shared the info sooner?" I stopped by this bar because a friend knows the owner. The patrons were nice and the bar tender was fantastic. I gave it one star because the owner  (little dude) and his wife (drunk with an attitude) really don't care about their patrons. Not a good experience for non-locals and I would not suggest this bar.  so I'll definitely go back and give the Swizz another chance. Hopefully my update will be much more favorable." Love this place. Great for relaxing with friends."  drinks were cheap & strong and those my friends are what I like!"  if you get a chance come here around Christmas time. It's like a mini version of Coach House with lights and decorations everywhere." "Easy Living in Swizzle Inn.  A great dive bar to hang out.  Bring some friends and settle down for a night of drinking and and and... drinking.  The locals seem nice enough and the whole place has a lot to take in  I'm pretty sure this one sets the bar. And a terrarium." Overall a great dive bar. Super cool bartenders who know how to make good drinks. I'll be back!" Swizzle- stay classy my friend." "Go there.  Now.  The magic of Christmas awaits.  By far my favorite neighborhood joint.  Seriously My friend dragged me in for last call. great spot. great service.  I would never go into that bar again.  I was having a private conversation with two other gentlemen at the bar when the owner comes up to me and I quote ""you're a puke!""  I said ""excuse me?"" and she repeated it.  Not cool to be stupid drunk in your own bar lady."  and not too friendly when the place is busy - though maybe it's better on a slower night. Also  great happy hour(that's ridiculously long and cheap). You'd think that this would attract the less than desirable crowd to frequent swizzle  this is it.  Ask for the ""mystery shot"" and go for it!" "This bar is really fun to go to if you want to play darts or chat with the friendly bartenders.  The drinks are cheap.  It's a smaller place and a little dark If you find yourself in the position of having a designated driver and really want to tie one on without judgemental eyes holding you back - come to the Swizz!  You could fall off your bar stool and hop right back up without anyone blinking an eye." Awesome dive bar!  It's a mix crowd of young and older and different walks of life but overall everyone is friendly and courteous.  Staff is extremely friendly and there's always a special going on.  Will definitely visit again soon! "Great little dive bar. cheap well drinks and beer This is a cute bar. Pretty small. Wish it attracted a younger crowd..felt really out of place. The swizzle is great!  The people are real and the drinks are cheap but eat before you come because this is truly a bar ... No kitchen.  drink enough and the late night scene is more tolerable. But that is just me.  ;)"  using obscene language and profanities towards our group. After her tirade of foul language and threatening gestures she then told us to leave or she'd have us arrested. Mind you this is the woman who was threatening physical violence against us not 10 minutes before. If you'd like to be treated as a CUSTOMER  this place is definitely a good ""go to"". The service is always pretty quick and friendly and you can get some awesome drink deals. I can typically find a table or stool and the regulars all seem pretty nice. When i'm ending a night and just want a cheap drink  had seen this place on Yelp since it was near my house.  The other customers were very nice Dress code:  anything goes people there don't give a shit" My only regret is not having came here sooner to experience Christmas at the Swizzle."  prices are awesome as are the staff and fellow barstoolers.  Great place for pool to hang with a couple of friends. very friendly  night out with the boys. No one really complains!" "A mainstay in Phoenix!  The Swizz is one of the best little bars in town  with an empty beer bottle in the lavatory and become just another forgettable fake mustachioed and tacky Hawaiian shirt wearing victim of Murder Mystery Night at the Swizzle Inn."  but the magic of the Swizzle is not!   My little neighborhood watering hole is always a good time and the bartenders make you feel at home.  Always highly recommended."  music.  i was unfortunate to sit next to the lady who owned the place at the bar.  i was in town on vacation and she told me i was sketchy bc i had a camera with me and she didnt believe anything i said.  i could barely understand her rude statements she was slurring so much.  when she started cussing  but its worth a stop if you have time. I've always been treated good by the staff and prices are good."   she chases many customers off.  She is rude "I swear this is a great ""dive"" bar. The drinks are cheap and good and everyone is always so friendly. I always forget about this place and have only been twice in my 8+ years here in Phoenix but I think I will need to change that. Seriously a great place to just hang out and Drinks are fairly strong and priced reasonably. Don't miss the mystery shot." Love the Swizz!  Reminds me of back home in the Midwest.  Good times and great spot to mingle and meet new people! "Excellent little divey bar set in a strip mall on a 16th and Bethany home.  Cool decor  and I'm moving so I'm very dissapointed about this.  Aside from that mgllPJA6NQXlJurFWAkqQg Fun place with nice bartenders. The owners often treat everyone to free food. The Christmas decor is fantastic. BUT ..... now Bob won't be there anymore due to a terrible tragedy. SO very sad. God bless you Beth. Praying for you 5TgO3sLlKdIlZXgP6U27NQ Thanksgiving here was the bomb. Coming here was the best thing I did in my visit to this place. Everyone is friendly here even the owner was there having a few drinks with the people. They were even gracious to have a potluck going on that day as well. When I move here this will be my spot that I will be hanging out at. Those stool will have my name all on them.  not just because it's a family owned business where you're treated like family no matter how long you've been away; but also because they are constantly and continuously finding ways to give back to the community either via golf tournaments  there was never a time when we had to wait long for a drink. I had a couple 7 and 7s and they were strong and cheap (4$ each). The bathrooms were really clean for a dive bar and had free tampons... always a nice touch. I would definitely go back!"  and dedicated. Great hire! She makes me feel like I'm at ""home""!" "The Swizzle Inn is a great place for friends to meet and enjoy themselves. I was recently there on a Tuesday night with a couple of my friends for a low-key outing. Just when we arrived there was a party bus pulling up with about 30 or more people in it. There was only one bartender on. The same bartender that I felt snubbed me four months prior. Immediately There are way too many great places in this area to waste your time or your money here and if you plan on going with a young fun group don't be surprised if you get asked to leave for some stupid reason. The only good thing about this place is its close (walking distance) to much better bars with nicer people and owners."  small dive bar and a bartender was really nice and remembered what you ordered. Very cool"  and it appeared to have a lot of regulars... I guess it just wasn't my scene.  I may try it again  no bands - just a great jukebox and good drinks at good prices.  The bar was clean and the bartender was very nice.  She loved telling us about the establishment.  Obvious local pride which is always nice to find.  We will remember this spot when we are out and thirsty because it is a local Phoenix gem!" Always recommended for dive bar feels." My most favorite neighborhood bar "The best place for Christmas decorations. I appreciate the spirit  the place is OK for a dive bar. Friendly people  however the sweetest and very patient! She's definitely one of the reasons we kept taking the mystery shot! Came in on a Monday night and had a blast. Thank you Sam!" "As dive bars go this can't be beat! Do drop in to this establishment at Christmas if for no other reason than to see the lights. This can be a quiet little place at happy hour with many regulars. BUT  I wasn't aware they had food!"  stagger out. One of the best dive bars in town. They keep the Christmas light up until February. Nothing fancy but always fun." Love this place! We went during holiday and absolutely adored the decor! Wish we lived closer because we would totally be regulars here! Highly recommend! One of the best neighborhood bars in PHX. Very much a local crowd with friendly bartenders and regulars. Make sure you take a mystery shot and play some classic tunes on the old-school jukebox. Don't forget darts and pool. Swizzle rocks! "Cool little spot. The crowd was older than I'm used to and quite a bit ... Different than I'm used to. I like the jukebox it's a nice touch and fun to pick songs. The bar is cool with he Christmas lights. Drinks seemed cheap not too badly priced. Super divey little place that I'm not sure how often I'd go to "Perfect dive bar atmosphere and amazing service!    The owner is local and community oriented and always having raffles Friendly outgoing patrons of all ages"  congratulations! You've found what you were looking for! Here some tip from me: even though the place is worth to fight for a free table at * A gigantic velvet landscape painting with a 6 inch gash in the middle. Klassy!"  I think I will have to stop by after work today to see what has become of you "This does not exist.  It is now an unbelieveably soulless gay bar with the inventive name ""Bar One"".  That is all."  and I'm told that the food is pretty decent too.  Some restaurant industry friends of mine frequent the place as they serve food until 1 AM.  The bartenders are friendly i went there once a while back and it was dirty and never went back... but if Stevey is right about the drink specials i might have to re-visit  so next time I head in I'll try something new alongside my dollar cocktail." It's not the easiest place to find if you don't know what you're looking for. I think the large strip mall across the street distracts you while you're driving. But CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ I don't give good reviews easily but this is one great restaurant!  It has an amazing Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.  The hamburgers are great and their fish and chips are to die for.  The meatloaf is somewhat questionable.  The prices are really good to.  The place is clean but tends to be a little loud. CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ  unpretentious bar near The Biltmore area. Decent selection of food and drinks  and there is always something going on. It's definitely an ""industry"" bar if you know what I mean... always full of bartenders  etc....  i think the food is really good. the steaks are great and they give you plenty of quality vegetables for sides. the salads are large and they have a variety of specialty salads. appetizers are priced better then other places. they have a cheap appetizer menu 7 days a week for happy hour. appetizers during happy hour are ONLY $3.00. they have simple appetizers like wings up to really good like calamari. 3.00! they are known for their deep fried pickles which i find good. if you are looking for a more quiet place to sit other then the bar area and tv area  but I absolutely love their fried pickles (they're only $3 after 11!).  What more could a girl ask for?" CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ  they have all wanted to go back.  Great food and drinks.  The wings in the Armadillo gold sauce can be voted Phoenix Best.  Their potato skins are the best I've had (when they don't come out a little burned I must admit).  Can you say Fried Pickles!  Give it a shot There were a lot of sports fans glued to the Chargers game and it was a fun atmosphere.  Definatly a place to stop in for cheap food and drinks Good drink specials. Hoegaarden on tap. This is the perfect place to come when you want to get drunk for cheap and cram your face with a bunch of shit you know you shouldn't." hopeing it would just get better from there... but little power for laptop meetings... Food just OK... and so is this place just OK..."  you stick to your hood and I'll stick to mine. When you offer a review in the future you should start by saying I rarely go anywhere that doesn't require a 20.00 cover and has a coat check." Hubby and I are trying to find new places to eat. We recently checked out this place and loved it. Arriving late evening we weren't looking to be shocked. Found out they have OTB and I really liked the ambiance. The dining room had cool tables set up for late night intimate dinners or fun evenings of shots and pool. The menu was great  rustic tomato and a starter salad. I wasn't in the mood for heavy food and that was perfect. The salad was a salad but nicely done. No package salad here.The soup was delicious This place was dissapointing to me. I was excited based on the reviews but wasn't pleased with the food. I ordered a ceasar salad and the dressing was almost slimy. That is the only way I can describe it.  My date ordered a philly cheese steak sandwich that was awful. It tasted like pure salt. Maybe we got the wrong items? The server was nice but pretty pushy on us getting alcohol. The prices were great on the drinks but the margarita was an awful choice. It was bad. The long island ice tea wasn't terrible but I guess this is just a place to go for cheap drinks and medium food. I would prefer going to Chili's over this place. Sorry Armadillo Grill. I wanted to love you.  the spicy jalapeno creme sauce is genius! My coworker ordered the pesto pasta and it smelled heavenly. The smell is that smell that even though you're stuffed beyond belief you still want to keep eating because it smells so good smell. Does that make sense.  Other than that its a great place to people watch..off track betting spot.. need I elaborate? You will NOT be disappointed by the food in fact it will trump any bad service experience you may have."  I may attempt to steal that big red chest in the Women's bathroom. It may take a few attempts "I've been coming here for the last 3 years and have to say it always delivers.  The drink specials are addicting "I love this bar! The bartenders are awesome a lot of regulars here and I can see why it's easy to become one everyone is really nice. I went there with my roommate and about three times and they welcome us like we've been going for years.As far as the food I've really only had the fried pickles which are amazing! They have great drink specials and reverse happy hour. I haven't made it to happy hour yet because I'm scared I will stay there until close.The inside is nothing fancy but The only thing I don't like about the place is the number of TV screens with the off track betting results. Also the TVs are placed just a bit to high up for shorty here also." We occasionally go to Turf Paradise but with Armadillo Grill so close maybe will start coming here to do a little off track betting. Much better food than the horse track and a lot less sweaty guys in tank tops." Not sure I will be rushing back to the Armadillo Grill The staff at Armadillo Grill has always been great and I'm sure they will continue to be as I wiggle my way into becoming a regular here! Great happy hour  ""with a Bloody Mary! Breakfast of Champions!"" Now if I could only pick a winner at Turf Paradise!" One of favorite happy hour places in town. If you get the wings here it shouldn't matter if you get anything else. Great location and nothing else needs to be said. Maybe a renovation on the parking lot. I'm here pretty regularly whenever I feel like throwing my diet to the wind...which happens at least once a week because of those damn fried pickles!" Definitely a place to check out for sure!"  yum!).  There are many other drink specials you must check out for yourself.  I think I have rambled on enough about my love of the dillo  and i'm not about to start (next time i'll ask them to leave them off-i hate to waste food=even if its just a few diced onions). The fried pickles had a delicious breading so i didn't mind that they weren't the true dill pickles i'm used too. The ranch for the pickles was a little runny "The place wasn't too packed it looked like your average ""after work"" crowd...the server was quick and informed us of their happy hour specials. I decided to go with the strawberry margarita; it was pretty good and strong. We decided to order off their ""munchies"" menu  I'll still make my trip up to stop in at The Dillo....you should too!" CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ Overall not a bad little joint."  I'd go back just for the dip and some drinks.  I'm pretty drunk right now actually  which almost make it bearable in the summer.  There is smoking allowed on the patio fun happy hour place! good appetizer selection! great beers! funny bartenders!  but it' a definite favorite that I would recommend to anyone."  especially for the happy hour(s)... Pretty awesome if i do say so myself." CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ Great service bringing you great food. I highly recomend the happy hour. The little munchies that are half off are as big of a draw after work as the beer. Great place to catch a game with friends as well.  service and specials.  And they support other local businesses- which is always a plus!" Most other times this is just a great place to come hang out The staff were very pleasant and all in all we had a great happy hour!" Service is usually good." We had the entertainment card which they didn't punch so we can use it again  I'll go back for some HH specials but I'm not going to be the one suggesting it to people.  I'll stay up by 16th and Bethany Home instead."  lots of sports on the various TV screens Give this place a shot if you are ever in the Biltmore area."  etc) bring me back from time to time. They also have some drink specials  and the Fried Pickles are by far some of the best I've ever had (order them Cajun style)!!! My advice to all: Go during happy hour! Great prices on beers I would come here again but probably not during the afternoon since the atmosphere is kind of depressing Eat the Philly Cheesesteak. Just eat it. It will be the best decision you made all week. Totally worth the extra gym time." We went as a large group so food was a little slow coming out  and beer for 35 bucks.  Yes.  Lots to choose from on the menu.  Good service.  We will be back." One last thing. Monday is free pool night CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ You can bet on horse races if you have any idea what you're doing. Or you can grab a table and yell at the TV as loud as you want. People here are nice enough to be chill about it. The staff is both kind and prompt. I like."  without being overbearing. This has become a weekly spot for my wife and I to visit  very friendly and efficient. Food is very good--I especially enjoy the hummus plate and the grilled cheese with tomato soup. Drinks are very reasonably priced. Great atmosphere and a perfect choice for happy hour!" The girls had tons of drinks too.  Great specials on drinks."  but had some great quiet lil areas as well. Definitely will be back."  I love a place where I feel comfortable enough to have a beer by myself without feeling like a raging alcoholic. Very mixed crowd where everyone is welcome. Definitely the right mix of dive bar and neighborhood hangout." Love this place! I love their eclectic menu and I've been pleased with everything I've tried. Number ONE place for calamari! I have yet to go there without ordering it.  all this could be why their prices are affordable (just go to Biltmore instead What you won't get here is hipster pretension - but if you're looking for an unassuming place to grab a drink and budget friendly nosh and maybe bet on a horse race - this  and a nice server that leaves you alone....until you need something!...5 stars on all counts. I was by myself and felt comfortable and felt I got a good meal at a very reasonable cost!" "This is a great spot.  You won't believe me until you try it but they have one of the best Ahi Tuna salads in the valley.  Not kidding.  And the asian cole slaw?  Un-real.  Some of the best ""bar food"" I've ever had.  Good happy hour (half priced apps and drink specials) makes me happy.  place is always busy during the afternoons for off track betting which is fun while you're having a guiness and stuffing your face!  Tv's are small but there are a lot of them so you can watch sports from anywhere in the bar.  Nice patio outside with tv's for you smokers.  I happen to live right by here and am stoked to have a place like this next door to call my second home :)"  I will not be going back. The bartender was very rude to me and after six times of asking for a menu I had to flag down a server to get any help. It took 2 hours to get an order of wings and I was very unhappy with the service. Armadillo is great if you go during happy our and sit at a table  this is your place. We often take family and friends here for a low key yummy dinner and boozin'. The service is always great and you're likely to have the owner stop by and ask you how your meal was. I love that:) It's a big place with a big bar and plenty of TV's. It's easy to miss so keep your eyes peeled!!" CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ Well it's a dive bar! This is by far one of my favorite places to chill out! I lived in Phoenix for 9 years and now I am in San Diego. This is the first place that I go to for dinner when I'm back in the 602. Their food is amazing! Their bartenders are great especially Jimmy! It's a must try... a great casual experience.  potato skins and other stuff for about $3.50. Try the Armadillo Gold sauce on the wings.  Other food items seem to be above average  and its not half bad food. I just wish they had a better lunch time menu and that the service would pick up a bit so we don't spend so much time waiting and paying for our bills."  decent selection of beer on tap. Doug the Friday bartender is super fast and is definitely my favorite server in the valley. Nice place for friends to hangout." "I think it has to be said that this place is definitely more of an OTB than a restaurant/sports bar.  With that being said  bartender and servers all must've been having bad days. Can't comment on the food. Two stars for good beer selection Great food and Jason and the gang at the bar are great.  I found it by accident and keep going back. I can't give it 5 starts until they have HD. Nice slightly divey atmosphere with good music and amazing steak and cheese's. I will be back!  I had the open faced turkey which was pretty good and my boyfriend loved the mac & cheese. Good beer and an excellent place to go to watch football." Love the tomato soup and toasted cheese sandwiches - best in the world  so not sure how they poor drinks but probably not too shabby because most of the their clientele seem to be long-term regulars. Update. Everything is still great here. They improved the quality of coffee and raised the price of wings during happy hour (bummer) and now require a foursquare check-in with manager approval to get the new happy hour wing pricing "The ""Dillo"" is where it's at if you want a good meal and drink.  Plenty of TVs for sports and horse racing if that is your thing.  Excellent sports bar Great place to relax after work. Can't find a better place for thirsty Thursday! The apps selection can't be beat! Best tomato bisque and grilled cheese ever!  cheap pool. AMAZING bar food... best in town. I don't know which chef they have locked up back there  there are numerous coupons available from different spots... I use Entertainment coupons here and they work like a charm! They aren't the finest bar in town  and to their credit (at least in my book) they play metal later in the night when all the games are over and there's no more retarded horse racing on." "We had a very nice evening last night. It is always great to have a Groupon so the deal was a great one. The servers were wonderful. A new server was being trained and she was doing great! I had their Tomato Basil soup. It says on the menu this is there specialty and I can see why. It sure was delish. My friend had the Parchment Paper Salmon which she said was great. I tried it. I am not a salmon lover but it had this mustard type sauce on it that I could probably drink and live on! -teehee! I would go back to try some of their other yummy looking food delights. The atmosphere is an upgrade sports bar type of decor so it was a little noisy. The only advice I have is that their bathroom was a tad nasty. Maybe clean it better AG? However  food and prices. Just wish it was closer to my house!" "I liked this place! I like the outdoor area where you can sit outside. They have TVs everywhere. Our waitress was super friendly. Fair prices. We ordered the fried pickles for starters (half Cajun half regular) and Oh. Em. Gee. SOoo good! I couldn't decide weather I wanted the pulled pork sandwich or the meatloaf sandwich. I went with pulled pork. Meh. I've had better. Wasn't all that delicious Friendly service and daily drink and food specials puts this on my ""go back to"" list when in the PHX area." "I have lived in the area for almost 3 years and have been going here on a regular basis ever since. The food is great and the whole staff knows me by name. Different weekly specials every week and nightly specials. It is a well run We ate here again on 4/20/13- great service again and they have the best fried pickles ever!!!! Yum!!! "I've been going to Armadillo Grill for years. Tai the manager is great. He is such a hard worker! What a great place. They have AMAZING FOOD! It's worth trying because the Food is more than great. You can play pool  and the calamari which were all delicious especially the wings.Servers were friendly and attentive. Will return someday"  returning the second time for another platter of thier great Armadillo Gold wings!  I hade the fried fish and it was just OK.   Service was quick and it's easy to find a parking place.  I will be back at least for the wings again." The fried pickles are definitely one of the best and was worth stopping by for!"  service was on point...best part? Seared tuna salad! Definitely good enough to keep going back :)"  but the food is gourmet and delicious. I've tried many things on the menu and liked all of it. My favorite thing by far is the buffalo chicken sandwich. Pay the extra to get it with onion rings. My parents always request to go here when they are in town visiting. Great place to watch games and not get your typical bar food. They would get 5 stars if they had better service. Nothing terrible I like this place because the people and bar remind me of the east coast in a way. I will be returning!"  consistent customer base where the same people frequent it on the same night of the week. A total cheers atmosphere for sure. So if you are close and live in the area and are looking for ""your dive""...this'll work." It's a bit dark and dingy but that only adds to the charm. The servers and bartenders are super friendly. (My boyfriend talked me in to 4 stars for this review Cool barly bar. Dropped in pre dinner and enjoyed the scene. Probably won't go back but did appreciate the modern armadillo logo. It was everywhere.  and some real good munchies.  Fried pickles and mozzarella wedges.  They were both delicious consider yourself warned."  prime location so I expected better. Typical late night bar food being served in a restaurant. I would had to have been drunk to enjoy the food. Don't waste your time or $"  I will be a returning customer. I have already recommended this place multiply times." I've probably eaten here 20 times.  10 times w/ my wife too.  Always good food and eaten a bunch of different things.  Good deal and good service too.  Food will surprise you  which was quite the opposite. The girls sitting around the bar continued to laugh. Obviously we were way more aware than they realized. Normally they have decent bar food and good drink specials but if this how they treat customers they don't deserve business. The biggest complaint is their beer lines taste dirty. The biggest plus used to be fried pickles but now I just enjoy them at The Turf instead. Usually I'm not so easily offended but this was bit ridiculous. I will definitely update my review if this changes." "Met a friend for Happy Hour here. This place wouldn't be at the top of my Happy Hour list but far from the worst. I didn't realize The Armadillo Grill was more of a bar. Food was OK and service was consistent. The place wasn't too crowded. Now that I know what to expect  and entrees. Everything was phenomenal. We loved the mozzarella bites. This is one of the few bars I have been to that also has horse racing. Really good time!" If you ever want smothered chicken this is the place to go. The sauce on the chicken is 5 star.  They have kids menu. The place has off track betting but they also hAve as side room where families can sit.  and part OTB. To sum it up - unique. And that's what I like. The service has never been an issue and I will most definitely return!"  they have very attentive and friendly service. I always leave 'dillo feeling well fed and like I got my money's worth. This establishment has made it's self synonymous with quality food and value in my book and earns a 4.5 from me."  hubby had diet coke. Next time I will have a beer : )" "I went here for lunch with a colleague. They put us in a back booth which was perfect - quiet enough for us to get some work done. He had the fish tacos and seemed to enjoy them. I have the palette of a five year-old so I ordered a chicken quesadilla with refried beans added. It was delicious - way too much for one meal. The server was attentive but not overbearing. I was a little concerned about parking because that's an issue for a lot of restaurants on that strip of Camelback but since we met there at 1pm on a Friday Best fried pickles - get them Cajun style- and Louisiana Cajun shrimp appetizer....every time I go here I get these two things and service has always been fine and the food has always tasted great...zero complaints!  have a decent and healthy meal while he watches a game... and it won't break the bank."  brie and glazed pear sandwhich amd I was sold! All food goes beyond standard ""bar food"". I recommend the sandwich I had andthe cajun fried pickles although all my company were satisfied! So glad I moved to the neighborhood and found a reasonably priced local haunt!" It can be a little difficult to get to the parking lot from Camelback during rush hour "This is my favorite bar that doesn't feature live music. The wait and bar staff are great and remember you after you've been there a few times. The average patron is professional but not pretentious  I'll take my obviously nelly self to a real place where I can enjoy my food and conversation in peace."  however they are small and outdated. Most of the ones near us were staticy. I ended up watching the game from a TV that was half way across the room  I feel that's where sports bars tend to shine the most. The only complaint is the beer taste off. It's probably improper tap line cleaning or possibly the co2 is off. It's one of my very few pet peeves and The Dillo isn't the only place guilty of it. If you're going to have the state flagship beer on tap then it needs to taste right. I'd give it 3.5 for sports bars. Decent prices and decent music being pumped out. Half Moon has some better deals on happy hour but good lord I can't stand the ambiance. Dillo is a decent priced neighborhood bar." "This is my favorite place to go! They have awesome specials and the best hummus I have ever had CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ My boyfriend and I love this place. We live a 2 minute walk away and go here 3 to 4 times a month. I would highly recommend the 19th Street Burger and the Eclectic Mac n Cheese with Buffalo Chicken. The onion rings and fried pickles are made in house and are absolutely to die for. Everyone here is always nice. Katie is our favorite server. They also do take-out and delivery if you want a good meal and are feeling lazy.  and just too notch !! The staff is exceptional and they always make me feel welcome ! And are very personable which I love ! The ranch dressing is the best ever and the burgers and hot wings and chimichanga and also the calamari are all to die for !!! I love the iced tea as well ! Best ever ! This is my favorite spot to go period and I've tried a lot of places."  it's my favorite.  Virginia is my my go to waitress every time.  She sets you up with the hook up.  Fried mozzarella and potato skins as appetizers rock and they have 1/2 off happy hour specials.  Their Mac and cheese rocks as well." The ambiance of Armadillo Grill is nice as well. Usually do not like places with a ton of TVs and sports playing and whatnot  as he puts it. This to me was just nice and surprising. The bar staff was super friendly. The beer on tap was nice and cold. Peach Ale from 4Peaks is always a win-win for me! 4Peaks Kiltlifter on tap for him. Off track betting on the tele. Pool tables around the place. For 345pm in the afternoon  because their tomato soup is the best I've ever eaten. The bartenders and servers are always nice and efficient. It's never been so busy that I couldn't get a seat  then after she dropped those off even though we had our menus stacked to indicate readiness she left and did not return for about 10 minutes. Might I add that it was happy hour when we got there but since she did not take our full order for about 15 minutes we did not get to take advantage of it because the computers switch over automatically. Not to mention she had to keep running back and forth to ask questions  seriously. It's a nice neighborhood staple that I really wish I had found earlier. They have great food specials I end up craving the Philly cheesesteak with chicken at least once a week. Excellent.  but everything else is mediocre. I'll come back for the pickles though." My boyfriend mentioned that we weren't that pleased with our food and the waitress took 50% off both our entrees. A+ for customer service!  did you know that TODAY is MONDAY ;) Thanks for the headsup  and draft beers. I can't complain too much about this bar because how well their service and professionalism was. I would definitely go here again :)"  the food taste amazing we have had the beef stroganoff and the white chicken enchiladas among a few other items. We drive all the way from Youngtown to eat there I would defiantly recommend it to anyone."  and fucked up orders. Read the Google reviews much more accurate experience than yelp."  and also because the manager was responsive and clearly making a real effort to fix everything. If/when they figure out their technology "The Armadillo Grill seems like a mix between a biker bar and a sports bar. It's almost like a dive bar! But it's a good place to watch games  no waiting. Staff was great and service was excellent!!! Everyone loved the food they ordered! Would highly recommend this place for any event!"  and foodies. Always have a great experience here." "Love the wings here. I ate wings at Zipp""s and bragged over and over. But I ate crow. The wings here are way way better. I am happy my friend Andrea humbled me. I am looking forward to trying other dishes." Probably an ok place to grab a drink and watch some sports but wouldn't recommend you eat there. I ordered the chicken/brie sandwich - sounded lovely on the menu but it was boiled chicken - so rubbery it was tough to cut through. My husband ordered the steak tacos. They were so greasy he couldn't pick them up. We both had bad stomach ache for hours after eating there.  delicious. The second time I got their grilled cheese and tomato soup. Their grilled cheese was great but I wasn't a fan of the tomato soup. Then again it was rustic tomato soup which I'd never had before. My husband loved it though who doesn't like regular tomato soup at all. Also can't beat their happy hour. $3.75 long islands! Fantastic. Will definitely be back to try their other menu items." Be sure to to have a nice beer and enjoy some games on one of the many screens.  There is also a patio for the warmer weather :)" "I love this place. Coming from the east coast finding a place with a great steak and cheese was important and this place fits the bill.  The food is always consistently good They have such an enticing menu with solid offerings For two watered down drinks is a rip off!!" "I had a great experience while eating here the food is fantastic and the staff is great! My friends and I went to the Tuesday night trivia and it was really fun "We visited during the super bowl. It was busy but we were seated immediately. Food was good and came out in a timely manner. The tomato soup was really good. Very creamy and rustic. Bathroom is less to be desired. The waitress was very attentive. We had wings No recommendation on this place."  and the food is consistently good.  Their fried pickles are surprisingly good. My bf is a huge fan of their salmon dinner." Somehow we always get the same waitress too "It was very delicious and had good amount of food for the price. I tried the Chicken and Brie sandwich was like a good grilled sandwich. My roommate tried the pull pork sandwich and thought it was good size. Overall "Love the food- atmosphere is a little dark but Always a solid place.  The fish tacos are amazing.  The burger is always solid.  Make sure to get the Thai Chicken Skewers.  especially the Armadillo Gold wings and calamari.  This place has a nice spin on a lot of classics and is definitely a place I would like to frequent."  probably more of a place to be a sports bar than a grill. I would go back for drinks but not likely the food." Manager came over and realized all was good but not before the bartender made it a point to 'judge'  you 9b their shortcomings." "I love this place ! The staff is always friendly and Virginia and Amy are the nicest waitresses and very personable.  The  honey hot wings are great and the salmon is excellent too ! Love their iced tea The missing star is because of the style (or lack there is) in the music I heard there. The waitress said it was the bartender's iPod mix. Anyway Dont get me wrong... Still one of my favorite spots... If 3.5 was an option I woukd have clicked it... Every server I had until last night has been great... The food has always been good mozzarella sticks fried pickles blackened fish tacos some pulled pork sandwich all great choices.... Last night the female server either did daytime Sunday funday or was struggling from night before even if it was Sunday 10pm. After I sat down she asked me if she handed me the menu I was looking at. Then I asked for dos equis ten seconds later she was confused and asked again what I ordered.... I ve had the tenders before with armadillo gold and loved them. Last night I ordered wings which comes by the pound I asked for crispy unfortunately they were neither crispy nor saucy.... I ate all seven then ordered the tenders upgraded to Ceasars. At this point she was talkin to a female who I assume is a coworker. Forgot about me... All along one of the cool bartender guys was sitting on the other side only had him his as my bartender once or twice months ago but he remembered me said hello had convo and said bye.... Even as I was leaving she said nothing he made sure to say bye..... Still love the spot maybe she was having rough night "This has become one of my favorite spots over the years. Never disappointing. For a ""bar like"" atmosphere the plate ups are ridiculous...and by that I mean AMAZING! You would think you were eating at a 5 star restaurant.  There tomato soup is my absolute favorite!! I highly recommend you don't leave there without trying the fried pickles or the hummus plate...both are THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD! Looooooooove this place." "Service needs improvement. The waitress forgot to bring a drink we ordered and rarely checked in with us. The beer was flat. We overheard the bartender rudely questioning the flat beer... very unprofessional. Eclectic Mac and Cheese was okay  hummus plate and tomato soup. Yep the tomato soup rocked! Love this place Our waitress at the bar was super nice. I had the chicken sandwich of some sort which was okay but the Buffalo chicken sandwich was delicious  do try the tomato soup.  Seriously stellar!!" "Food was good and tasty. Mushroom and pepper Burger was done well & cooked to order. The fried pickles were crunchy and had some good breading. So much food You couldn't ask for a better restaurant that caters to everyone's needs. if you want the divey bar feel  The Great Brett Favre or That Punk Aaron Rodgers. The food was decent for bar food and the beers were really cheap. That's a huge plus but if you're looking for a good place to watch sports with like minded individuals you might as well keep going. Although I do think you should give it a shot because this might be a good place to make some wagers and walk with some side cash." "Best tomato soup ever.  Also love Thank you Brenda for giving us our regular ""Wing Wednesday"" hang-out!" I also tried the shrimp from the blackened shrimp Caesar salad and they were orgasmicly good. Full flavored with a slight spicy kick  loaded mashed potato balls deep fried....they were just okay.  I liked the mellow vibe here and they have an enclosed patio for smoking out front.  It had been awhile since I had been there so I'm not familiar with the food menu and would like to go back to check it out.  I'm a fan."  while feeling rushed to pay and leave rather than stay and relax like i thought friendly neighborhood restaurant environments should be We *love* this divey bar! It's actually not that divey at all. They have plenty of table space and a really delicious menu! We always sit in Virginia's section. She's been here forever and knows how to serve in a bar. They have tons of TVs and always play the games you want to see. And Off Track Horse Racing? They've got that too! Go Horsey Go! Their happy hour is awesome and I'm Sunday too! Regardless of if its a game day. Just go check them out. Favorite place to go chill drink and catch up love the environment and cozy customer service! They don't shirt hand your drink either!  we always stick to the happy hour menu since the options are delicious! Their buffalo wings  but I doubt that I'll return here again any time soon."  at first I was a little unsure but in the end I was in love! The tuna sliders were my absolute favorite thing on the menu." Love this place. The food is great. The staff is always friendly and attentive. The prices are affordable and its comfortable. If you are looking for a laid back environment with good food give it a try (love the eclectic mac and cheese with the armadillo gold chicken and the smothered chicken). top shelf indeed. great ambiance for eating and watching various sporting events on their tv screens. employees are amicable and flexible towards customers. neighborhood also enhances our favorite sports bar and grill in phoenix. CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ  my boyfriend ordered a burger with an English muffin bun and there was mold on it. We came here on St. Patrick's Day for their special menu and waited an hour and a half for our food. It wasn't very busy so we figured they were short staffed or something. The server didn't give us any explanation until after we were completely finished with dinner. Apparently one of their fryers had gone out so there was only one that could be used. That would have been a fine excuse if only we hadn't ordered Shepherd's Pie and Corned Beef & Cabbage (both were delish!)  and there were tons of sports tvs on. But we were seated in the restaurant area and that was totally normal. I had the Armadillo salad and it was soooo good. The tomato soup was amazing. Great place "The food here is amazing! Their food is excellent quality and the portions are large. The buffalo chicken sandwich is by far one of the best menu items! Also the papadillos (fried mashed potato balls with bacon inside) will melt in your mouth and the sweet potato fries are perfect. This is a great find and everyone is very friendly! If you are a beer person  ordered the chicken enchiladas and it was amazing! Good came fast and was still hot." Good food. Ordered the Pub burger and added jalapenos and onions. The server Christina was real attentive. Would recommend Great place.  We came here while waiting for our tire to be fixed at Discount tire.  Great service- the waitress really kept an eye on us.  We had the pita and hummus munchie. Delicious!   We'll be back. CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ Note - I detected some stale beer odor on a second visit June 7th in the early afternoon." CqhsIZ7TzCfJTrZqg5-gqQ We will be back for sure and we highly recommend this restaurant for their friendly faces and fantastic food."  etc. The excellent customer service combined with the delicious food makes this a top spot for my friends and family." Good food and better people Good food.  Great service.  Super nice employees.  TV's for games.  Off track betting.  The only thing that could make this place better are the prices.  A bit expensive for what you get. Crappy club... But an amazing restaurant! Great Happy Hours for food and drinks! Recommended!  after 10 and nothing really good is open.  Skip the margaritas .. they're horrible .. stick with beer or straight alcohol :)" PuHucejs4LG3hSXnrwi9-g  served with a leek fondue that made me want to lick the plate [my mother raised me better]. The cassolet was redolent and rich. In a word: delightful. I dropped a star because during my last lunch there I had a turkey dish and it was clear it was old and leftover. Not a happy camper. I'm hoping it was a fluke because the rest of my experiences have been very positive. I've had great servers  we would definitely go back there. Would we crave it? Probably not but if you are looking for a solidly very good dining experience I would send you here. It was very comfortable and cozy."  biltmore area french bistro  or some other random reason to splurge on a place like this more often."  I was asked if I wanted end pieces or the center cut (something which I'd never been given the options for). The dessert was also excellent  my  experience with dinner is not so favorable.  My wife and I recently joined friends for Sophie's prix fix dinner with wine parings.  The meal started with fried sweetbreads.  Frankly  the service wasn't horrible... it's just that my overall experience wasn't what I'd have expected from a restaurant that touts such an amazing reputation for fine French cuisine.  It's not often I leave a place so hungry for the experience I didn't get to have.  . Again I agree with some of the other raters-- this place would get 10 stars if yelp would let me put 10. Try the duck and the beef bourguignon!" "Yeah croque madame on WHEAT BREAD Oh well $340 bucks and all I can muster is a no." Sophie's is also a great business lunch restaurant conveniently located between downtown Phoenix and the Biltmore-Camelback corridor." We topped off the night with a decadent creme brulee and imported cocoa dusted truffles  the beans and sauce delicious. It was a very affordable $24.00 which included a small salad.  I would ask one thing--get a few less expensive bottles of red on the wine menu." Can't wait to go here for dinner sometime. Wine list please." "Thank you to Sophie's for providing a wonderful meal for our family. It was our first experience there and we were not disappointed. We thought that we would have trouble finding a children's meal for our ten year old but they accomodated us by cooking her thin strips of steak. We added that with french fries and she was set. We had the abundant cheese plate  I thought the place was lovely and will definitely go back I will most certainly return to Sophie's in the hopes of giving them the 5 stars I'm sure they deserve!"  he had moved to France to study it there. The dishes he created were perfectly delicous. I remember his filet with crushed peppercorns; it was soft and buttery. The peppercorns gave a kick without being overpowering. The quail was delicate and succulent. The salad with lavender honey vinaigrette was perfection. His chocolate spice cake was phenomenal. It contained seven spices. I can't begin to describe the joy that cake brought to everyone. It was unique. It was at the time when chocolate souffles were at every French restaurant. Unfortunately  and I don't know him personally.  :)" "Visited Sophie's for their happy hour menu. It was ok. The location appears to be former residence converted to a restaurant. Small parking lot. Interior decor is retro and very plain. The front patio is surrounded by a hedge under a large pine tree which is a nice place to be seated if the weather is good. If you do sit at the front patio you will hear the traffic along Indian School Road especially during the midweek rush hour. There is definitely better French cuisine in town  it's a small lot and service is a bit languid (i.e. slow)" EVERYTHING IS GOOD. It's not cheap and the atmosphere isn't real trendy but my experience was awesome. We came in on the restaurant.com certificate and had the best dinner so far in Phoenix.  that was what my husband had.  I would definitely go back for the beef bourguignon though.  It's nice that they take reservations!  A special little intimate place for something special like an anniversary or birthday dinner." I would say that the average age of the other customers was about 60-70 years old.  I don't know whether that's normal or not  either. Three courses (plus salad) in three hours. We waited a LOOOONG time for entrees. It was brightly lit inside  the atmosphere intimate. I would definitely go there again."  I found this to be the most authentic food in Phoenix. They were very accommodating to special requests. The ambiance was beautiful and the restaurant was set in a little ""pocket of paradise."" Meaning one might not know that it was so close to 24th St. and not see it on a drive by!" This is a place I would gladly come back over and over." We will definitely return!"  I found the restaurant very friendly and casual - not pretentious or uncomfortable for us French food newbies - even on such a special night. We even wore jeans (I called in advance to make sure it was OK and they said ""of course."") The regular lunch and dinner menu is a little more conventional and less expensive. I definitely plan to come back. Their cuisine is not for everyone  which he enjoyed.  I'm not a fan of the ducky flavor myself.  We also followed the suggestion of ordering the warmed brie app.  De-lish!  The service was great as well.  Little touches like asking if we would like our milk warmed for our post-meal coffee.  So great!  We will for sure be going back for future date nights!" I don't want others to waste time and money  we did have an excellent meal at CIBO Pizza the night before we were poisoned. I highly recommend CIBO. Great food The food poisoning review is shocking. If you don't hear from me our crepes ""stayed down"" just fine:)"  though will not be in any hurry to return."  pulled pork and apples and onions in a crepe -- you can't get any better than that!  My son's pork dish was fantastic -- the sauce was rich yet light.  Dessert was some sort of molten salted caramel souffle with a side of ice cream with a balsamic glaze -- to die for!!! I wish this restaurant was closer to me -- we will definitely be back!" That's all it took for me to turn around and walk out the door. If all French bistros are like this one This is a little hockey dive-bar located in the Arcadia area.  TV screens hang above the bar & as you look behind the bar you can see the hockey rink and players.  Enternaining as the other review said.  I had Dunkel Hefeweisen and my girlfriend had a Corona.  Good times as a group of kids played Rock Band and sang off-key Nirvana covers.  I like this little hidden place.  Just be prepared - it's your average little bar for the average Joe guy.  with a side for $6.50. Tasty stuff! Great beer selection including Molson Canadian or Labatt Blue."  except for the bad beer selection.  Good selection of sports on the TV above the huge windows facing the rink.  Bar tender remembered my name (I'm going to pretend it wasn't my awful drink choice of the night that was memorable) off my card after I closed out and went ice skating for almost 2 hours.  Minus one star for the annoying middle-age couples who got a little too into their darts game.  Here's a few tips for people like me who are easily lost: there is a bathroom in here  passing Arcadia Ice Rink & then make a left. You'll see banners at the top of the end of the first building. That's the spot. Enter on the side." "I used to work for the owner when he was GM of another bar so I'm a little biased but I had a great time here and have been meaning to go back ever since. The draft beer selection isn't great but the prices more than make up for it.  Plus It's super cool (both meanings) and I've yet to see a band here so I'll reserve my definitive judgment until then ... but its certainly an original in the Valley."  it is all the way in the back of the shopping center just west of the movie theater. Have fun and let me know what you think! :-)" Not a bad dive bar.  Being able to see the ice surface is unique for this part of the world (not back home) but not being able to get to the area directly is a travesty. The comedy show is every Wednesday night.  It's free.  If you're lucky  cheap drinks and nice tender!!"  what is better than a bar that has a decent beer selection  and one of the best beer selections I have seen. You can watch every NHL and NFL game here all while watching a live hockey game on the ice directly behind the bar. Where else can you see that? Live local music on Fridays and Saturdays. Support the local bands! Dogfish Head and Molson Canadian  not in a frat boy way).  The bartender was awesome... so awesome that when I left my ID there (dive bar pub crawl = less careful with nuances like ID's and wallets) I got a free drink when I came to fetch it because I have the DONOR sticker on my license.  How great." great beer selection... friendly atmosphere.... byo-food.... hockey on the tvs AND live behind the glass.... what more could you ask for? i'm in love." Fun dive bar with epic comedy show on Wednesday nights. You get 2 shows in 1 hockey and comedians. yb17xHvhDJthJGS10uhFeQ Who wants to be on my team? :-)" "This place takes hole in the wall to a whole new level. Tucked in BEHIND the petsmart. I am not a hockey nut by any stretch- but this is the IDEAL bar for anyone that is. The bar faces the glass behind the goalie- there are several flatscreens placed throughout the bar-All sporting a hockey game. LOT of beer options Not really the place to go if you are a little jumpy or get startled easily because of the pucks hitting the plexi-glass. Every time you just about forget about them playing hockey  and i won't pretend to not remember whether or not i already mentioned the spectacular beer selection This place is a low-key hideaway with friendly staff. I would not really call it a dive; it's more neighborhood bar. Watching live music here is a really up close and personal experience. They support local live music. I'm not big into ice skating but this is super fun. AND it feels like a secret bar... which I guess my review isn't going to help."  dive-y with a cozy feel. Wish it was closer to my house because I would be here all the time if so!" This charmer of a dive is one of the Arcadia area's best kept secrets." "Cool Place.  Have lived nearby for almost a year and assumed it was out of business because you cannot see it from Thomas road where the plaza sign for the bar is seen.  Just recently noticed the ice arena next to the walmart and while checking that out saw the sign reading ""Bar"".  We went in a few nights later and were pleasantly surprised to find such a unique neighborhood bar so close to home.  Friendly staff and friendly crowd led us to have quite a nice time.  You have to go check it out!!"  and a nice patio with token alley cat. fav-o-rite."  I'll gladly pay them another visit." OK I will! Supports local breweries I saw at least 5 different Arizona breweries on the menu! Drink local! Comedy club is passable at best If there is a band = pass. No band = great place." Don't let exterior appearances fool you and give this place a try!" Definitely coming back here!" Fantastic interesting place. Views of the skate rink with a fantastic beer selection and great live music.  the opportunity to explore events that happen here.  I know I have found a home to watch hockey games." I am so happy I found this place and will be back for cheap drinks and fun. In the mean time however For the most part... I like it. I can see me losing lots of quarters playing Batman pinball in the near future." "FINALLY! An awesome down-low beer drinkin' watering hole that is cool as the ice rink itself. I needed a place to watch Bruins/Canadiens game 7 and this place is right near work convenient location. Not a bunch of rednecks or gang members We are not from the Phoenix area and were looking on yelp for someplace to watch the Stanley cup playoffs. This place is a little hard to find but well  worth the search. As we walked in we were greeted by the friendly bartender.  The place is not much to look at but it is a whole lot of fun! The beer selection is amazing. The bar is on the back side of the skating rink giving you a clear view into the rink. We sat and watched the playoff and during intermission we laughed at the people trying to ice skate. The food options are limited but the pecan smoked BBQ chicken sandwich was very good. We will definitely be back' Where everyone knows your name.   Local bar was a great view of the ice rink.  And pages of beers to pick from. Awesome hole-in-the-wall. Fun bartenders. Great beer selection for a total dive. Entrance looks shady but it's the right one! Love this place so much. Always the friendliest people and an awesome bartender. My best drunken nights have occurred at this lovely little place. Ha  tucked-away gem!! Drinking and ice skating was a blast!! Absolutely love it here...friendly service at the bar  I do recommend Ice House Tavern." "Under new ownership!!!! The new people are great! They are going to really improve the place. Add food service and decrease the noise from bands. Also The service and unique location make this a great hockey dive bar. You can watch live hockey at the rink right in front of you and have the numerous tv's playing other hockey or any sport really. Funny locals that have been going there for years make it a place to call ur hockey dive bar home. Sean is awesome! Made ice skating way better...holy crap ice skating is hard! But he made it fun welcoming and friendly! Thank god for Sean!  Sean. Thanks for making it fun and the great service in the hood. Be sure to try the 'Tammy Sue' shot"  great prices. Sean/ Shawn was a blast and we are sad we don't have anymore games there today. Love this bar because Sean was a great host!"  I don't want to tell you that this Irish Pub is quickly one of my favorites in the Valley. But "A great place to just hang out and enjoy the company of friends.  I've been here many times to listen to their open blues night and have always enjoyed myself.  They've got pools  but i've never seen it actually get made. or eaten." Cowboy was the coolest part. That man has found the secret to life." If it weren't for a terrible headache I would have probably closed this place down.  It was a fun visit that's fo' sho'!"  and Cowboy was on the top of his game (a sagacious old fool whose coolness rivaled the marlboro man) spinning his cowboy hat in the parking lot like a whirling dervish. cowboy had a wisdom and charm that is unmatched. As the night dragged on and the songs became more desperate  and we had a great time.  I live fairly close to this place and will likely be back." Biggest crown on the rocks I have ever had.....ever.  The lady bartender who's name I cant remember was awesome.  It was a tuesday night and was kinda dead but I still had a great time. Boomer Sooner! Go OU!" qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg  JT....OMG...the wings will make you take flight. They are the most delicious little mouth delights. Serious ..dude should have a solid gold chicken wing out front. They are grilled to perfection Hands down best bar in the nation. I go here a few times a week. The food is amazing and the bartenders and waitress are friendly and gorgeous. Even if it's packed the waitress is always right there with a smile. I recommend the wings and taco thursdays! it's a great place to go to watch the game. go sooners!  Rebecca was sweet and informative... The place is simple... and cheap... and packed... The wings seemed to be the thing... and Im wishing I had a taste for them... just never have been a fan. But they looked good... My friend had a burger... it was piled high with mushrooms.. I had a grilled chicken sandwiche...basic Best wings ever!!!! There is no place that can stand near this place for wings. "I'm a fan of J.T.'s.  Reasonable drinks and REALLY good wings.  It's small Note: It gets really packed around dinner time and the service can be slow - so take a deep breath Great wings...cool place to chill  the food is delicious and you'll end your night with a shockingly cheap tab!" Service sucks bad on the weekend. Mainly because the weekend waitresses are unfriendly and incompetent. Amazing wings. I would suggest going just for them but during the week when the blonde waitress works who is very friendly and highly competent. Can't get much better than this.  This was our first time in and the regulars welcomed us as if we had been coming there for 10 years!  We will definitely be back.  The wings are just too awesome not to have again." This place a small bar with very little walking space. I can only imagine if I came during happy hour or when a big game was on. I would give them 3.5 stars  cooked really god damn well and served perfectly crispy.  I would come back strictly for the wings despite my overall discomfort there.  But then  JT's is the place. It's got a very regular Baja Arcadia crowd but is friendly to newcomers also. Put a couple of bucks in the jukebox and play Johnny Cash "All I really need to say is GRILLED WINGS.... but I shall say more in detail. They have the BEST wings in town! They fry the wings "I was introduced to this bar by an old landlord in arcadia. at the time i was not a buffalo wings kinda guy but that has all changed. this place has set the bar for wings in phx for me. fried "Best dive bar. Ever.  Go see Beth and order yourself a ""Clint Black."" You can thank me later."  but don't take my fucking seat. I'm hungry."  cool crowd and best wings in PHX. You need to order ""The Works"" wings (secret menu) Julio is the cook and he does a great job! You will find JT sitting at the bar usualyy drinking with the patrons. There's a juke box and great daily specials such as: 2 for 1 burgers on Tuesdays. A can't miss spot." The wings are absolutely amazing. They made me feel like carnivore. Yum! Tacos are also very good. People are nice and friendly. Service is on point. So far I'm in love. Definitely if I was a resident of Phoenix I would come here frequently.  I love local places like this."  and Julio keeps mine nice and rare. Perfect. It's a great place to chew the fat with a friend. You can also just walk in by yourself and spark up a conversation with just about anyone there. Be careful with JT though. He is a man of few words qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg  great tasting bar food at it's best but the thing you have to get is the wings.  These are the best wings in town "Were the wings the best I've ever had? Probably. I love the divey feel of the place too. Definitely my kind of bar. The only thing that bumped it down was how warm my beer was. I know that's a bit picky "This review is for drinks only! I went here last night with a party of 8 people for a birthday party. The place is cute and supposedly has awesome food...but their kitchen was closed! Lame! Anyway  just on the good side of too salty. Try not to be put off by ""chicken feet"" on the menu; they aren't feet but rather... the most delicious and moist chicken tenders EVER (one-upped with homemade ranch dressing). We walked in just looking for a chill spot to watch some Olympiad action and were so pleasantly surprised. Friendly  salad and a baked potato.  I also love the tacos special.  I thought it was taco Tuesday but maybe it's Taco Thursday.  Great special.  Now I must say that it's a old neighborhood bar in a old little strip mall.  Growing up down the road since the 60's I saw how the bar used to be.  It was where the men and ""drunks"" would go to drink.  I always say that it was my friends and I that changed the place.  My husband would go there with some friends and slowly slowly I would go.  I would be dressed up and feel very out of place.  Eventually about three years later I saw the change that I fell we instigated in about 2005.  It is now a tavern that you can take your girl to BEST WINGS EVER!!!!  Service is slow but it's worth it!  Burgers are good too but the wings are outstanding! Wings were OK. Liked the Yella Pilsner draft special. Decent dive bar. Real good ranch! Great tasting food at great price. Drinks are ok.  How can one mess up a fun and tonic?  cheap drinks and the best wings in town :)" Overall taste was a 5 but experience knocked one off."  space is tight and the people come in all shapes  and the drinks are strong and the bartenders are awesome. Tip: don't order a frozen drink. It's not the place for it  and if you can't deal with true dive bar bathrooms  home grown dive bar ever.. The beer is ICE COLD and the wings are THE BEST in this town....Jenny is a fantastic bartender and makes you feel like family from the minute you walk in until you crawl out the door!"  very small but fun and they have great wings!" I really liked this hole-in-the-wall.  Yes the grille wings rock!! Just kidding. We had a blast and the place is such a typical neighborhood Divey Bar. Check it out. Not sure the prices since the man next to us was buying all the drinks and I was the DD." "Classic dive bar in the east coast sense of the term.  Not many left in the world.  If you like wings than you have to stop by at least for a taste and the rest of the standard bar food is rotated as daily specials and are very generous and filling (especially steak night!).  Lots of regulars who appear to be very welcoming and deferential to newcomers (i.e.  along with other daily specials. It can be a little Arcadia 'clique-y' and you won't get much sports watching here given the tight space. It is a good place for Oklahoma football games It is definitely a locals hang-out with the guy sitting next to me at the bar trying to remember the name of an Arcadia nightclub from 1990 which ""used to be great until it turned a bit knifey"" The bartender and the local struggled with the name. I was of no help. I Googled ""knifey Arcadia nightclub"" without success. I left before they could get it "Local hidden gem. I snapped some pics to share with my OU friends and they were definitely happy. Small place but packed on a weeknight. Two tv's to watch whatever's on.  No frills service. Good bar food. I'll admit I didn't find the wings to match their hype here qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg They have a pretty large beer selection on tap and every liquor you would want! This place is def going to be apart of my repertoire and it should be for you too!"  don't believe the review underneath mines. I'm almost 100% positive it was done by someone who works for them or has some sort of affiliation with this place. It's written like an advertisement. The wings look NOTHING like they do in that picture. This review would be VASTLY different if they did. Our wings were all limp and flaccid when they showed up to film. Nice try you guys. You make me sick." qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg  hot fries. Anything better? I think not. Bar was crowded but the 1 server did a masterful job of getting drinks and food out for all the customers. We were the oldest by far  and the food was fantastic. The wings are incredible. A must visit! I'll  be back for sure!"  cozy little dive ! Best wings in town ?! Top ten for sure ! The hours seem to be a little wonky but that's ok" "This place has a really great laid back vibe to it. I've had lots of wings in my life from lots of different places and hands down this place has the best wings on the planet. If you like wings "Wings on wings on wings. If you come here they are a must and while your at it get a beer from one of the local breweries they have on draft... Take a cab  and awesome bartenders. New TV's to watch football all day. Definitely worth the drive here if it is out of your way just for their famous wings. Will not be disappointed. Small bars with character does not not get any better. Someone you meet in this first 30 minutes will most likely buy you a shot or beer. It's that kind of friendly vibe." Dive bar heaven! Loved this little gem. Their is a jukebox so you can play your own tunes. The drinks are cheap. The patrons are hilarious. The vibe is awesome and reminds me of little beer joints back east. Go. Drink. Be merry! Best wing's (the works!!) and sports bar atmosphere ever! The best music is always playing!  but they didn't charge us for any add-ons like upgrading to onion rings. Burger was good! Not life changing The bartenders are ahhhhhmazzzzing! Don't know how they do it! Had a medium rare filet  tonight. Steak night duh why wouldn't you get the Wednesday night steak special! Herman is a great chef! They have a jukebox ... Awesome! Go to JTs and you will be winning! I heart Megs! "JT's receives a lot of praise for their buffalo wings and it is well deserved. We trekked over from old town on our bikes. JT's is easy to get to from the canal. After sitting down at a table we were greeted by the friendly staff. Beers arrived quickly and an order of 12 medium wings were out shortly after. Fried I give five stars for the atmosphere and extremely friendly staff who clearly appear to enjoy their job and the down to earth people who know about this small bar." It's a smaller hole in the wall kind of place. But for this stretch of Indian School it's a great easy going kinda spot.  pretty plain bloody Mary's but the wings are amazing!! If you're like us and always looking for great wings Got charged 3 times one card and have to wait 2 days to get my money back. I understand how the banks work but come on.....$135 for 10 shots of fireball. Ridiculous. First time there and probably last time there We heard about the wings and we weren't disappointed. I tried the spicy honey bbq the works and the hot wings. The hot wings were the best of the three. The works and the honey bbq were close in flavor so I'd recommend only one of the sweet ones to go with the spicy. Our service was amazing. The place was packed and there were only two people working the server was very attentive and quick with refills "Probably the best wings I've ever had. They're crispy and slightly barbeque charred on the outside (not messy or greasy at all) but still moist and juicy on the inside and packed with tons of flavor. Great hole in the wall spot with lots of character. Type of place common in older east coast cities  delicious!  JT's is the perfect neighborhood hangout.  You must go.  The bartenders are awesome and so are the cooks.  They get to know you and when you come in again they have your ""usual"" ready for you.  Very hard to find a place like this in a large city.  Fantastic!" "" it's an insider flavor that's sweet and spicy. I get mine with a side of hot sauce cuz I love my wings spicy! They also have homemade ranch which is totally dope."  I prefer a more crispy outside and I like a lot of heat. These wings are drenched in sauce when double dipped Your classic hole in the wall bar. Nice people and fantastic wings. Good pricing on drinks too. Worth a visit for sure "Ahhhmazing wings.  Go on Mondays for wing special; $6.  I've only been once It is better in the winter than the summer. Great music player on wall."  I promise {Other local restaurants have tried to copy their ways and can't compare!} It's full of Arcadia locals and the best place to visit on a Saturday afternoon to watch sports "Tired of the $15 burgers in old town decided to log a few extra miles to and wander over to a tried and true favorite.  It happened to be $.95 cent taco Thursdays and while my friends indulged in several of the other menu items I went with taco's which were a great value and 2 filled me up as they were accompanied with the right mix/amount of lettuce  I haven't seen him lately...possible sighting in Paradise Valley restaurant but could not  confirm if it was him or a clone?"  he does them the best. Bar has divey atmosphere and a hint of sports bar persona." "We used to close this place down (regularly).  Love JT's!  Great tiny little watering hole where the ""regulars"" constantly occupy their favorite barstools.   Is that old codger still renting a party bus to the Jimmy Buffett concert every year?  Oh & their wings are the BEST! One of the few places in town that you can order them fried  since she says the ladies room (is cleaner and nicer than most restaurants).  It's a neighborhood bar "This is literally the best bar I've been to in Phoenix. It's a small neighborhood dive bar. We started out with jalapeo poppers which were delicious. Top notch. We then had the double dipped ""works"" grilled wings. I consider myself a wing connoisseur and these were the best I've ever had! Also  so filled in the blanks and JT is out of the picture but his legacy lives on.  This place is as popular as ever but we usually manage to find a spot.  Today's review is for the cook who deserves a bonus and a nice long all expense paid vacation...I've never seen someone who can knock out a couple hundred wings  and the finished grilled touch makes them extra special.  I love this fun little narrow bar! Great place to kick back I'm for sure going back sometime. The wings were the bomb." The one good thing about JT's is that the bartender the night we were in was good looking and very friendly guy with exceptional service." Please get someone better! Looks don't beat good service."  crispy are the best wings I've ever had anywhere. Absolute perfection....finished on the grill the way a wing should be."  (some bald tool) of this place told my friend he had to leave. This was after loading the jukebox and ordering drinks. If you enjoy alcoholic bars this is for you. And by alcoholic I mean ""owner"" specifically."  great people. Love this place!"  atmosphere and friendly people who go there. I will keep going back again and again to this neighborhood gem!"  and perfectly toned attitude. The wings are superior. There is no happy hour - I kind of like that. I used to go to a place that had a sign up that said ""No happy hour 4pm to 6pm.""  I felt at home. It was crowded  but still a great place to get some food. Kind of dive-y. Parking is difficult." JTs is the best bar to go to whether it's for HH during the week or on the weekend. Always a great atmosphere with the absolute best wings of all time- the works or medium! I love it so much that I ask for JTs gift cards for holidays! A wonderful little neighborhood bar in an exceptional location. The wings are some of the best in town. Great crowd of regulars and friendly bartenders. Love the vibe in here.  but meaty enough that a dozen will likely fill you up. We enjoyed the spicy honey BBQ and the works (kind of a mashup of other sauces It's a solid local joint. I was there on a Wednesday evening and seemed to be the only person who wasn't a regular. Service was alright. Nothing to rave about but not terrible either. Will visit for another round of their suicide wings. Awesome local bar!  Surprisingly good food! Grilled wings and tacos!   Bathrooms are clean! The only drawback was the amount of time we waited for our food which was probably about 45-60 minutes. The waiter apologized and let us know that a ton of take out orders were put in right before we arrived but it does make me leery about going back during dinner and receiving a timely meal. Regardless we will return but maybe at a less peak time Favorite wing spot in Phoenix!  Thanks to my good friend Robbi G. who turned me onto this place.  but constant reasonable pricing. I can explain: happy hour already means that a place gets too crowded at that time and there is no way to have a rest enjoying you drinks. I prefer coming to bar whenever I want to! JT's Bar & Grill has vigorous energy and it feels like home  good times and good people. They have beer and food and games. The guac rules. Everything rules and everyone should go here. I am adding more words so this review will be accepted. Yay Yelp."  the place is rather small and the service was a little slow but this is understandable because it was packed...the music was also very good.." Great place for a night out on the town! I don't recommend bringing in a big group unless you call ahead and ask if they have room. It's a very small and narrow place."  wings are bomb and service is amazing!!!!  Love that you can pick your own music as well....bonus!!!" "I've always considered myself a bit of a dive bar aficionado.  I love the complete and total lack of pretension that comes with them.  They exist for one reason and one reason only.  To get you fucked up.  That's why I was so pleased to find this little gem just stumbling distance from my house.  Emphasis on the word ""find"" because you would never notice this place if you weren't specifically looking for it.  It's a tiny little hole in the wall sandwiched between a scuba school and some little collectible shop that doesn't look like it's been opened since Nixon was in office.  You have to park around the back.  When you walk in there's a bar a few tables qOE7oX1lIVUJUYvSwFy5Wg  I still love them for everything they aren't."  the stares from the regular customers made me uncomfortable and the only thing dive bar about it is the stinky bathroom."  it's the Little Woody.  Another pretentious take over."  this place is okay for a local dive. It's punk-friendly and has plenty of bar games (pool  3 bucks for gin and tonics and most other mixed drinks. A shuffleboard game  go next door and order wings and eat them in the parking lot and put the chicken bones in your purse.  NOW Absolutely the antithesis of Scottsdale fussiness." A bonus: even though the bar is considered a dive  a very interesting dive bar with a colorful mix of clients. If I still lived on that side of town  the TVs work and the people are friendly. I dig it!"  it reminded me of a neighborhood bar up in Alaska where one seeks refuge in the darkness of it from the weather outdoors and the traffic of tourists. And I wouldn't call this place a dive. It's just not a modern slick bar  and all the neighborhood drunks were very welcoming and friendly here."  I was kind of surprised that the bartender actually called the cops but hey good for her. Overall the night was fairly fun it had it's ups and downs most people there were trying to have a god time and I think everyone did for the most part. If you like a good hard cheap drink this is a good place to go  atmosphere or anything really... except that as far as Dive Bars go A real bar! Great drink prices.  I am sure her trailer (if she lived in a trailer) would look alot like this bar. Everything tinged with a hue of grey from the years of cancer sticks being offered up with well drinks by her trucker friends and their kids. Collections of debris/life scattered around and odd papers pinned to walls - oh and weird fish tanks that are so clean they make their surroundings look even more crusty.  The staff is cool though - even if they don't really work there but have ""filled in"" for 20 years....they make it worth a drink." It's quaint and drinks are reasonable. The bartenders are still nice and free pour a great cocktail.  The jukebox plays good music.  It reminds me of a beloved bar in Alaska on a winter night because it is warm & dark inside and the walls are wood paneled.  And the bartender offers to call you a cab after 2 drinks when I cashed out.  relax and have fun.  We've met some cool people there for sure and I definitely plan on continuing to frequent the place...well 4vZZjr6IZAk4riT0DB8MbQ I would definitely go back on any dive bar crawl.  - also try Darwins just two doors down!"  and other games to play. There is a huge fish tank and several TVs for any sports game... They serve hot nuts  shuffleboard and darts. Go place to if you're thirsty and low on cash. I can't make any promises as to how you'll feel in the morning but you'll still have money in your wallet." - fellow customer offering to give you a tattoo right there This is my... F*&% it let's go to the bar... bar."  but what do you expect with a dive bar? Over all it does have a good atmosphere. I like that the back has a smoking area... although they could use a couple chairs out there. Good cheap place with friendly people & somewhere good to go where u dont need to dress to impress. Very casual. Relaxed."  but if need a hot chick or studly dude to serve you up some drinks then carry on my friends.  This is a place where you got friends at low places -- Enjoy!"  either. People will leave you alone if that's what you're after. Or if you want to talk they'll gladly talk." From the outside this place can look a little intimidating  but be wary of the jukebox and don't expect any niceties depending on the bartender." Stop in and say hi. I promise you'll love it." So very many bday parties here for the regulars. Thank the gods for water w lime. I'm just here to drop off bday cupcakes :)  but cheap drinks comes at the price at bartenders who were slow to customers and smartass about that.  Every bar has a different appeal Do not ever step into this establishment if you are not a white conservative. Would highly suggest this bar to advertise I know!!" "Horrible. If there were less than one star then i could be more accurate. I've never been treated worse by a bartender. Trashy bar. Smells like an ashtray. Came in with some coworkers to shoot pool at the end of the night. Went to play our last game and she said this is your last game and looked at me and said she already told me that  laid back atmosphere. Also.... Wait for it cheap (strong) drinks!!!!! After u finish drinking u can stumble over to Zipps to soak up the booze. WIN WIN!!!!" The regulars are all cool In the meantime go to the NOOK  modern remodel and great location to get food before or after. If they had some food 5 stars." Please please please please please bring back the dart board game. I heard a rumor it wasn't coming back post renovation and my whole group of friends was crushed! WE LOVE COMING TO DRINK AND PLAY DARTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Open late...I guess I found my local dive bar "This place WAS the best dive bar in phoenix now it's just ok... if it's not broken  flat screen TVs and etc. The bartender was super nice and provided excellent customer service. We will definitely be returning back." "Been coming here since I was 20.. I'm now..... Yeah nice try. If you want to quick drink with nice people try the DD. They have recently remodeled so it had a great spanky (clean) look about it. Also Well done on the remodel. They kept the small bar feel but updated a bit. Still has the pool table () and basically the same people minus a few that should be gone anyways (yes I said  it) but I still love to dilly at the dally.  fun!!! Friendly staff and a big fish tank to zone out to when sitting at the bar... oh  drinks and beer selection sucks I could go to circle k and find better beer....jukebox doesn't even work cause it saves up hundreds of songs from the past so if you want to listen to something buy it a week before....if your looking for warm beer I wish this establishment well but you missed the mark with people like me. If it wasn't broke Miss the ole bartenders"  and well priced. Love that they have a shuffleboard table too!" "I was here randomly with my step-uncle one day.  It's a low key place with some interesting folks.  Mostly of the 40+ age group.  Drinks are cheap.  As far as I know The drinks are priced good and they have some nice breakfast specials too. The pizza is really good as well. We ordered the super jumbo pizza for my husbands birthday and it barely fit in the trunk of my car - if you want the WOW factor at a party; order one of these. I posted a pic of my husband holding one of the monster pizza's so you have an idea of what to expect."  we indulged in ASU girl shots which are awesomely served in a pee cup! There's always the opportunity for off track betting here and  the food quality (mostly the burgers)is not the best and the service is friendly  They have bands playing there now on occasion and that seems to draw in a crowd. Oh  pies as big as 26"" perfect for parties and wings that my family loves.  they have pizza and wing specials - good prices and yummy food!" "Awesome find! We have been looking for a neighborhood bar since we just moved and have found our new spot. The bartender (we can't remember her name) was so friendly and welcoming. We would come back just because of her. But the food was good too. They have a typical bar menu On a side note-I would not recommend this place for a ladies night   and I would likely return."  and Fantastic cheese curds.  The rest of the food was good enough.  We went here because of a yelp deal and will probably return again.  Probably won't order the pizza or wings but plenty big menu to try something different.  Also some how Love the pizza! Awesome service! Perfect sports bar.  I asked the big guy if he can switch the games on the left side(but in Spanish) he said no problem.. 4mins later.. We had both games on are screens.. We went all week to watch the games. Awesome place...great fast service !!!  Thanks big guy!!"  she was extremely  busy but managed to always have my drink full. I came in after a bad day at work and am having a blast. Looks like they have a Texas hold em game going.  Will definitely be making this a regular spot. Wonderful deep fried mushrooms. I have to come back when I am hungry to try the rest! !"  fries and whatever special is on the board.  Another bonus is the new gaming tablets from Buzz Time.  We played some free poker with others across the bar while we ate at our table.  It was really fun to have a game at the table while eating.  We plan on doing the Trivia next.  The beers are always cold and there is a good selection on tap.  Employees are friendly Considering the distance from our house we would probably not be going back. Nothing memorable here!!" My boyfriend and I visited Big Daddy's for lunch on a Thursday.   The restaurant is out dated and dingy on the inside.  There were only a handful of other patrons in the place when we arrived.  The waitress/bartender was not attentive or friendly to us at all even though she was not busy.  It almost felt as though we were bothering her.  The food took awhile to come out but was not too bad as far as bar food goes.  Would we return to Big Daddy's?   Probably not.  pretty good food and off track betting that I have tried a couple times.  This is a Browns bar and While a Lions fan I do root for the Browns.  It has a much more local feel to it.  The staff has very limited turn over and I went there about 5 times in November but when I went back about a month later the bartender asked if I wanted a Blue Moon which is my favorite.  That is pretty neat."  and local charity events to raise $ for individuals and the community in which he does business. The band he booked for the 2014 Christmas Party at the restaurant/bar was insanely talented Love this place!! Beer is cheap and so are the wings. Have been there 10 times or so and big daddy says hello everytime. Everyone is very welcoming. Their food is also amazing!! Love this place! Beer is cold food is decent! Big Daddy is one of the nicest guys you will meet at the bar. He always says hi to everyone and wants them to have a good time. Bartenders are always friendly. Great little neighborhood bar!  fresh hand formed burger patty on a freshly toasted bun. Mixed drinks in mini pitchers! I love it! Wish we had a place with this much going for it in Las Vegas! Way to go Big Daddy's!"  was worth the time to check it out  they are. Pretty good bar food at great prices. I happened to stumble in on some sort of anniversary for the place  the place was empty.  Didn't take long to figure out why.  No Monday night happy hour.  No happy hour any day of the week.  .60 cent wings is not gonna keep us coming back.  We will come back if they bring happy hour back.  Great place to go  the prices are low.  Surprisingly they have really good food  dang. Thumbs up from me. Would not have guessed at first site.  Won't hesitate to come back again." They serve Coke products and no Mt Dew. 1/2 point deduction...haha" Oh Bobby D's you're a little hole in the wall but you're one of my favorites and I wouldn't change a thing about you." EUXT1vSFWaiD_BFmFK8rBg ~ $1 vodka soaked gummy bears (an interesting novelty in which I did not indulge)" Lots of HD TVs for all of your sporting needs too!"  I met a women in there stopping before her plane to Chicago ordering them to go because she couldn't get as good in Chicago. (don't know how they would work as a take out but sure are good there.)" Bobby D's is a really great local spot. The prices are so reasonable. During happy hour from 3 to 6 you can eat for under 5 bucks. Drinks are super cheap too. Awesome jukebox. Get the wings hot and grilled and you will be in love. The sliders are another favorite.  their staff has zero customer service and are extremely slow. Don't bother going here to watch football either because you will be inconvenienced. I've been here many times and every single time I've had something to complain about. If you have no standards  which creates kind of a mixed signal. And they must not see a lot of children in there too often. children are like celebrities in there. In summary This is always consistently good.  The only thing I was ever disappointed with was the fried chicken I had a while ago.  The 'burger and the skinny fries are excellent.  My wife and I usually go for their grilled wings and house salad.  I think they currently have the best wings.  You won't find larger wings or better tasting.  Their salmon was only okay.  For the price and the quality of the food this place is hard to beat.  They just need to go hi-def with their satellite service.  and friendly bartenders. Love this place! I've only lived in this neighborhood for about 3 years The place is a bit small but has a nice charm. The staff are friendly and happy to serve. TVs everywhere!!!"  the cook puts mustard in the tartar. Must have been to Kulinary Kollege."  and the grilled cheese and hot dog... man they are good... good fries new remodeled so caught me off guard but great place to catch some football and drink a few beers and grub on some of the best wings in town..."  more often during football season.  We often stop by with the intention of hanging out for an hour or so and usually wind up closing the place down.  The staff is awesome  we should come back more often and we will. Without a doubt."   locals kind of place. Everyone was friendly except one drunk young guy who was acting kind of territorial. My buddies said it was the best Bloody Mary they've had."  makes awesome drinks and keeps the bar so clean.. I've been there many times and have had the best service and the best drinks when she's behind the bar!!!  Thank you Joellyn"  darts AND pinball.  Without previous Yelp help and despite a domestic dispute unfolding in the parking lot It's ideal for a Sunday night in a big hoodie with an old friend or two and a pitcher (or three)."  complete with pool table and darts.  A good place for day-drinking or night drinking.  Jukebox is filled with your classic rock and metal choices.  Decent drink prices as I recall."  service is quick and prices better then reasonable (kudos to the owners). Probably the best feature of Dizzy's is the crowd E5QyEU6FCQwnTys0S73zNw This place is a great dive bar. We love the drink prices and the people here are laid back and cool. (no need to worry about any fights that I could tell) Highly recommend if you like dive bars. Also they have pool tables and darts. Dizzy's is pretty much a solid bet on all these items except for all the damn country music that some patrons think is listenable."  Ive never heard of someone asking for a ""Rum N Pepsi"" before.  So yes.. 1 star is for my diet pepsi!!  :)" Pleasantly surprised.....with this little find!  We went there to see a friend from out of town play for a fundraiser for a child who is ill.  It's definitely something you'd find near the beach.  $3 drafts...and full bar.  Packed house....just North of the Vig UpTown.  Definitely a casual dive and fun too!  have cool clientele and you can order a Totino's frozen pizza for $3 if you're hungry late at night."  has pool tables and darts and a jukebox. So I honestly don't know what's not to like about Dizzy's. I'm going to make a conscious effort to come here more often Free pool twice a week. Cheap drinks all week. Bill keeps the felt and sticks in good shape. The darts are top notch as well. No kitchen. I think the owner should look into a little fryer/oven for some more bar snacks but great place to enjoy a couple cold ones with friends.Nice and dark so everyone looks good after a couple rounds. Dizzys is such a great little bar with great prices. All the bartenders there are amazing and extremely friendly. Its great for a fun friday night or even for a cold dark place to hang out in the middle of the day to escape the heat. It is now a home away from home for me and I would recommend it to anyone. All the food is consistently satisfying. The environment is friendly and many of the folks are regulars Can't wait to return and try the pizza or calzone...."  Italian food close to home. My daughter took me here for a birthday lunch and I was in heaven. The cheese calzone was huge kvxrjOmicwb2njvXOJsZRw  but it sadly did not meet my expectations. This is a great place to watch sports because they have big flat screen TVs lining the bar and the service is good (very quick at getting you another drink). The disappointing part was the food. I may have chosen poorly though  good amount of TVs. The service was on par.   The food was just not great as suggested by others.There are better unassuming Italian eats in the valley."  THIS IS A BAR. Don't post a review slamming the decor when you didn't do your research first." Stopped in for a quick beer while we finished watching a baseball game.  Great little dive bar that appeared to have some decent food.  Next time I am in the moon valley area I will have to give the food a try. qgjIJ1m4_nISEy3ry_nfIQ  and drafts are all average in my opinion." "Good local sports bar with good service  as much as one loathes hearing that type of characterization.  Italian food here is solid "I consider this place my local bar. I live down the street in the Moon Valley area and it's always a great late-night choice. The beer selection is nice and the food isn't bad. Their kitchen's selection is not your average bar food. They have full pasta dishes  and the rest of the staff are terrific--and fun--servers." Ammaccapanes very bad customer will keep me from ever stepping foot inside again. I work near buy and myself and coworkers frequent it. Lindsay the bar tender and john the bouncer have alway treated me very well. Oct 6 2013 1030pm I took a friend there for a beer and wings. The male bartender put in my order and brougt me a sm pitcher of kilt. My friend got a blue moon. I was waiting for my wings it wasn't busy as I finished my 1st beer. Second beer down still no wings last half beer started and I asked bartender to cancel wings. If I can't enjoy them with the beer what's the point. He acted as if I was being an a$$. And told me he won't void it cause he will have to pay for it. All with attitude. He checked the ticket time and it was over22 min for Wings wtf. I'm not paying for them I stated. He then explained how his boss the owner makes them pay for all voids and walkouts. This is illegal. The attitude and the owner being a jack hole is why I will never return. I will miss lindsay she was always great. If the male bartenders story was true or not. I paid for the drinks gave the tender some labor advice tipped to cover the wings and left. Sad and unhappy. This place craps on it guests threw the owners bad managing and the male bartender has no clue what customer service is about. Don't waste your time or money here unless lindsay is at the bar. Really. I'm always happy with my experience here and I get to support a local business and family with history in the valley. I can't ask for much more. Will continue to be a patron here.  Great hangout."   everyone has been here.  Best mixed drinks and they have my favorite beer kvxrjOmicwb2njvXOJsZRw Bad bad service.  And with attitude. Everytime I give it another try I regret it. The food was great and service was best in North Phx. Nicole was very pleasant and made sure we were taken care of....always a great local spot.  and the atmosphere is laid back. Will return."  food and fun with your friends/coworkers!  Thank You Ralphie (the owner)!  Love You.  xxxoooxxx" Omg I have never been to a bar with food this good stared with mac n cheese popper Amazing chicken noodle soup like grandma would make. Then the fettuccine alfredo and Laura's stuffed shells with bacon and mushroom it was like butter so rich and creamy. I loved it. Wow this place was great. Walking in you wouldn't guess it but they have a great menu and everything is fresh and handmade each day by the owner. This place is definitely one of those hidden gems. I'll be back.  tuna melt and hot dogs!  Good pours and good variety of beers on tap!  Deana is incredible!  Family hospitality!" I love it here. Great pizza and wings! Actually everything on the menu is delicious! Nice family owned and operated atmosphere and drinks are poured generously! Outstanding place! Great food and tap beers. All the food is great. I love the burgers and of course the steak sandwich. NY strip on great bread. Great meal for the price point.  Best steak sandwich I've ever had! Not impressed.  Ordered medium-well (some pink) patty melt and fries.  Fries were not fresh but frozen junk and burger was dripping in so much blood the bread was soaked through.  Lost my appetite and left. Came here with a large group of 49 people. The management was alerted to the group and that they would be eating dinner. The management did not staff the kitchen and wait staff to accommodate this group. It took over 45 minutes to get the food to our group. Staff did he best they could under the circumstances.     Once the food arrived it was very good. This made up for the wait. Drinks were strong and the staff were friendly. The place had a Heath score of A. Plates were hot and the food delicious. Would stop here again when not sign with a group to see how the food is delivered. The most authentic home made food I have ever had! The chef is fantastic! Must try the shells Laura style!!! "I've been on a mission to try a new pizza place weekly. I love pizza - I like thin or hand crust primarily. Open to a variety of toppings w/the exception of ham and pineapple. I have tried at least 15 restaurants recently and hands down this place has THE BEST PIZZA EVER!! Shock Top on tap  tried to start an altercation with a customer. It took another employee and customer to get him to stop trying to fight. It made the atmosphere very uncomfortable we had to leave." "Good food great service and atmosphere!  We stopped in for a quick Drink and really dug it.  Super comfortable friendly employees Ran the bartender made the best chocolate martini  I had in a long time. Simply great! You really can't go wrong with any of the Italian dishes on the menu.  Eggplant and white clam linguine are delicious. Great wings and a solid local hang out. Numerous beers on tap. One giant horseshoe shaped bar that takes up half the restaurant. Lots of tvs and a great atmosphere.  the waitress whom never had time to talk to us apologized about some of the deficiencies. Not sure if Cheryl was being genuine or fishing for a tip but the timing was off." We've been coming here for over a year and the food is great.  It gets 4 stars.  The service is so hit or miss that it gets 2 stars as an average. Love this comfortable atmosphere of this place though and all the food I have had there is really good." Break it down Jess- If your in the mood to get out of the house for a drink or two but want to stay in your gym shorts and t-shirt with the two paint spots on it and maybe shoot a round of pool with a stranger "It is a total dive bar...If you need a drink go get one.  There are pool tables  its a dive.  That's all there is to say.  The bartenders don't take any crap and why should they?  Just order your drink and shut the hell up." ...did I mention CHEAP???" They also don't take credit cards so bring cash...at least that was the situation when I was there last. You can not bring in any drinks what-so-ever (learned that the hard way...THROW OUT THAT REDBULL RIGHT NOW! okay okay geesh) This dude abides Larry's"  shuffle board. There is something to keep everyone entertained. It's rough around the edges but that's the beauty behind it. Close to home." wYAGCkykyBnBlZo7VuKGpA  Jack Johnny. All the usual suspects. Oh my Bulleit! Sold to the only black man there! You wanna talk about a nice pour... If they poured like this in San diego. I would have never left. Oh yeah there is a shuffle board a pool table. I didnt make it to the cancer section where i  believe there is another pool table at as well. If I am there in that neighborhood again. Yeah I am there for the booze..." "So I live right next to this place and I have attended there multiple times. Last night I went in and got a handful of mules The real deal saloon / dive bar .... Nothing fancy just an original old time neighborhood bar.....if you never been it's a must ! Best place on the North side. Besides Joe's grotto. Hell yes. Good prices and friendly staff!!! "Good news - Gallagher's on Union Hills is back!  We had been going to this bar for years and then it closed.  Reopened as ""Cheerleaders"" and was God-awful.  Then Gallagher's came back and their menu is more extensive and the food is even better.  They're in the process of remodeling and we were told will have new seating in the dining area so bare with the crappy booth seats for now.  We've have the wings every time and they've never failed us - also breaded zucchini is so much better - light Pachenko type of batter.  We've also had the sliders - meat portion was good but they need to improve on the buns as they were kind of stale store bought kind.  Other than that  I've had to go up to the bar to order my food since there doesn't seem to be a waitstaff here (that doesn't bother me one bit). I have a feeling I'll be seeing this place a lot in the future."  I finally got a water.  Then I sat there for over 15 minutes and I was never approached.  They walked by me over 20 times and didn't say a word to me.  I can't rate the food because I was never served but there was no service!  You must be a regular for them to care that you are there or you must be in a pre paid party!  I will never stip into this place again and I will continue to tell everyone I know to stay away." Food is always tasty!" Awesome fish fry and great atmosphere. Glad they have reopened and food is great. I'll certainly come back here on gameday if I'm in this neighborhood."  their wings are amazing and cheap after 10 on Saturday. Our bill was a shocker to us because we drank alot and ordered some wings. So very reasonable. We will most definitely return soon." Ask to be seated in veronicas section.  bathrooms unusable and food just gross.  On our final visit both my wife and I were sick the rest of the night.  Approach with caution... you have been warned!!"  everything. The food is better than your average bar fare and they usually have a good drink special going...the karaoke is hilarious to watch ;) Interesting mix of people The staff is always consistently friendly and on point. I really do love it here and am super happy it's so close to home!" Happy hour is okay. They could step up their game if the bartenders would give you a real pour and not make excuses when a drink tastes like more water than it does alcohol or soda... you think to keep good PR you'd at least comp that drink of the customer is adamant on the drink sucking (unfortunately my friend didn't get that normal service)." Excellent boneless wings with a nice happy hour price. Great service great food. And the bacon queso fries are my new addiction.  or on a lazy weekend afternoon.....had the Mediterranean Wrap with Fresh steamed Veggies( don't laugh we're on a fitness program) it was very good for splitting and was fresh and pleasantly tasting... goes to prove you can find healthy food at a local bar lol..............  Been going here off and on for 12 years wont stop!!!"  the karaoke DJ dedicated feel like making love. To his mother for Mother's Day. No joke. If you're cool with watching your bartender eat food and snack on fruit non stop behind the bar and don't care about unevenly padded barstools Awesome place. I just moved to Arizona and use yelp to find everything and I am glad I found this place. It's my new spot! .. und das ist nach ein enttuscht kritiker" We came in smiling and she totally killed the mood."  probably wont come back."  but don't expect to be able to rehydrate here...  I've heard it's a good place when it's hopping  you can catch whatever sporting activity your heart desires! It was a fun time with my friends."  but the OTB really brings down the energy. The feeling of hopelessness follows OTB like a desperate ex-girlfriend. I live less than a block away "The wings were great and they carried local micro brew. Watched the giants beat the cards The tvs are smaller than the location on carefree highway but the wings are better and local brew choices Love coming here! I come on Fridays and hang out in the bar. Gwen is a great bartender and it's always a great mix of people. Their food is great too. Much better than any bar food I've ever had. If you're looking for a great local bar where they know your name and drink order this is the place to be.  happy employees. Good place to go if you like off track betting and lots of tv's  but about the service we received on ONE occasion when we stopped in for dinner."  fried mozzarella sticks and a salad. We all liked our meals." Great choices of food. Also Great food. Good service for the most part. We are weekly regulars here. And their white chocolate chip macadamia nut cookie and ice cream is one of the best I've had. Came here for lunch for wings and a place to watch some college basketball. My fianc had the medium and I had the honey BBQ. He enjoyed his but mine were way too saucy. I had to wipe quite a bit off to enjoy them. The flavor was good but just too much. The restaurant is clean and our server was good. The only other complaint was there was quite a bit of horse races on and people around us were very serious about the races which made watching basketball a little bit of a challenge. It seemed like if you weren't into the races then you were kinda ignored.   and overall welcoming and inviting. The gal behind the bar was 110%. I hate going to bars to enjoy spending my money and having the barmaid or man "Our apartment complex had catering from Gallaghers and I really enjoyed the chicken bacon ranch wraps! Very delicious! The wings were a little on the mushy and fatty side Horrible food!!!!! Great Service:) The wings were not seasoned properly. It was not appetizing and probably won't go back to try something different.... "Great food for a sports bar. A lot of TV's and modest pricing. The wings have multiple sauce options and are always cooked perfectly "Staff wasn't all that excited to be staff. I guess it's a Phoenix thing but my dollars spend the same in every state so that's no excuse in my mind. Fish fry isn't beer battered cod loins Great place to grab a drank and get some munchies! Friendly staff and a decent environment! Their ghost pepper sauce is actually hot.  sat in the well waiting for their drinks and still nothing. By far the worst way to start off. We looked around and finally were over it and walked right out. At least greet your tables!! Cmon I get it  picture happiness in a skillet. For those of you who want more details... picture a skillet with the most delicious cookie dough still warm and googy with ice cream on top! It is a ten in itself with no need to mention the kind friendly service or other good food (such as wonderful boneless wings that are easy to eat and taste great)." Peter was our server and did wonderful all day football Sunday. We're a group of gay men who love good service and football. Peter is our guy! The bartender was a younger girl who was awful..  no chips. No show. Worst part is owner sat there and stared at us and talked smack to staff about us impatiently waiting for someone. No one could break from that worthless huddle to take ten steps away from their dramatic clump of despair lamenting how busy they are(n't). Again  and I am pretty sure she stayed away because she knew I was not happy with the food.  I cannot speak to any other items on the menu as I did not have any Worst service EVER!!!!! Don't go Saturday nights. There's a waitress with black hair cut in a bob and a waiter with a pointy beard. Both must hate their life because they certainly act like it. him more than her. Been there many times thinking they just had a bad night but it is like that every visit we've gone. Straw that broke the camels back he decides to overindulge himself a $50 tip. Didn't notice it till the next day when we called to try to get our money back all they offered was a gift card to that nasty restaurant. The owners would be so disappointed to know how these waiters and waitresses gave their company such a bad name. My friends and family and I will never step foot in another Gallagher's again.  great service. Lots of tv's with different sports on. I was surprised how good the food was for a sports bar. They have off track betting here too. Thursday nights are trivia. Comfortable booths and clean tables. Good prices even when it's not happy hour. We definitely will be back!"  attentive server. This place was recommended by my sister. The burgers were good 8lMQrVQU-5iG9UA4KvcnsQ  blond hair chick.  Dry sense of humor.  Door guy is cool.  Manger guy is cool.  Pool tables.  Juke box.  Clean for a biker bar. Stage for the band which is nice.  I dig it." When we get Gigs there our band get's excited that is because the crowds are fun and it seems like we make new friends everything we play."  even though the top shelf here is probably the bottom shelf at most bars.  They apparently have music on the weekends and I can't wait to check it out...I will keep you updated; this may become my new favorite five star dive bar!"  but they service is friendly and the drinks are cheap. There was live music on both occasions I was in and it really was pretty good. I wouldn't say this spot or the patrons were too classy It's that kind of place. Enjoy."  kind of a hassle just to get a drink unless you always carry cash." "I think the people who work in this bar are some of the nicest you'll ever meet.  It's kinda divey but the drinks are very cheap and the band rocked (ReGroove).  There is a dance floor which is pretty generous "It's basically a hole in the wall that has live music.  The only problem with this joint is that you can't count on the bands or the guy at the joint that books them.  Without the band you're just stuck in a joint paying too much fit your food.  The regular customers are a good group of people and the staff has been there forever  keep a close eye on your wife or girlfriend. They'll be snatched if you're not careful. Lots of HOG members and other motorcycle clubs present. This crowd makes me somewhat nervous The bartender here had my ROFL all night. (FYI I was the DD so no alcohol induced hilarity) the live band was fun and talented guys who played crowd pleasers. Totally a cave creek road dive bar but the place is relaxed and not ber pretentious. I would go back.  and older but a fun atmosphere. Great band. Nice bartenders yet they let our empty bottles and shot glasses pile up at our table. I would definitely go there again and have recommended some friends to go there. Great date spot."  and friendly patrons; Which are 3 things I personally look for. ;) Big nascar bar  but the people seem really shady there Maggie is the best bar tender ever! This is a 100% authentic old-school neighborhood dive bar. Well worth a visit if you're ever in the area. Beer and a shot please! "I like this place and Maggie is the bomb. Good happy hour prices and it's on the way home. This is really a place for locals as I see the same people there all the time Love this bar. Everything here is awesome. Great drinks and great bartenders. Only wish there were more pool tanles  especially the staff. They are always so happy to see me. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a bar to attend regularly. Say hi to Maggie and Nick for me!"  an altercation ensued which moved OUTSIDE of the bar and resulted in Jaxx hitting one of our female friends in the face! It's such a drag because we live in the hood and LOVE this bar. Maggie works Wed-Sat nights...I recommend avoiding this place like the plague any other time." peep the murals towards the back for a journey through time ;)" "Eddie's has become one my favorite dive bars in town without really being a ""dive"" bar. The crowd is some if the trust professional drunks I've ever seen but always a lot of fun and great prices to boot. .. no panzy asss wwak drinks either!!" "Maggie is the bomb-dizzle. Was driving down the road with no particular place to go. As I drove saw the faint neon signs of eddies tavern... And thought to myself I must stop in for a beer. One turned to two The greatest dive bar of all time. Pool table and a bar... That's it. The bar staff is interesting to say the least. My wife and I love this place.  that makes you feel like you've been friends forever......even though it's the first time you met. Cheers Maggie!" "Maggie is the best. She treats you like a long lost friend every time you walk in the door and gets your drink before you can even order it. She's got a great memory and handles the sometimes rowdy regulars with ease. Great neighborhood dive bar  who knew. What a fun amazing hole in the wall! Maggie is AMAZING! She will never forget a face. She's fun and vibrant. Exactly what I want after a long day at work! Thank you Maggie  which he would love to tell us stories about. Well on this particular night Charles was telling us about his sports jersey business. He claimed he could get any replica NBA jersey of any basketball player from any era for $50.00. Well I had to call bullshit on that one. He asked what do you want. I told him there was no way he could fulfill my request. He said in a true ""Detroit street hustler style"" bring it on bitch. I laughed and said ok fucko I'll pay you double If you get me a 1969 New York Knick #10 Walt Frazier home jersey size xxxL He smirked and said what will you give me if I had it here in 15 minutes. Knowing He could not possibly deliver I told  him I'd double it again $200. As fast as the words came out of my mouth he was on his way out the door telling me it was 12:18am and he would be back in 12 min. My fiancee and I laughed Eddie's Tavern is on of the oldest bars in Phx. It such a fun corner bar with a everybody knows your name feel. The best and sweetest bartender is Maggie! Two thumbs up!  great prices on drinks and beer and Sunday football means someone always brings potluck food nice friendly owners and bartenders Stopped bye heard it was good . Becky the bartender was rude and didnt want to serve us. I wouldnt recommend anyone stopping here for a drink. I wouldn't waste your time here. Negative star if i could .  but after the past couple months this bar has become nothing but drama. Between some of the female patrons just acting like fools or confronting/yelling at someone when they walk through the door Eddies is not worth the mental stress.  One of the biggest disappointments is now there is a former bartender from Eddies coming back in as patron.  Who wants to go out and try to enjoy themselves with all this chaos going on.  I would not recommend going to Eddies unless you like chaos or until the owners get the place under control."  was able to talk with the people and the bartenders... this seems like a chill place to hang out and enjoy a cocktail 