Update*** I asked about the email coupons to the sales associate. She instructed me to call the number on the receipt to let them know I'm not receiving. She also gave me a 20% off coupon because mine I found online was only for online purchases. Much appreciated!" "Stopped in after leaving a friends house and avoiding going home to do laundry. I love BBW & especially the holiday collection. The employee was very friendly. She gave me her opinions on her favorites and told me about the Buy 3  but I was so impressed by the customer service. The store was buzzing but I was checked on several times. My cashier was just as friendly and also had a lot of product knowledge. I'll definitely return to this location!" If i could give 100 stars i would. Everytime i stop in here the service is phenomenal!  the women there said that I was probably the fourth person who had had this same experience at this place.  I couldn't believe it.  This place is the worst  I just pretended like I had received an urgent text and said  charging $80 for my cut and hi-lights. I will admit that I had to wait outside the salon once when I was the first customer of the day  I dye it dark and mess with the color myself. ( never good)  If you want to know where to get a good haircut you ask someone with my hair. Since I have been going to Mane Attractions I have really LOVED my hair. I have been going there for about 4 years. Kristi was even able to cut my curly hair into a short reverse bob without making me look like i was wearing a helmet. ( you curly girls know what I am talking about). I have had nothing but complements on my hair and even my mom( who is always honest) is impressed. The only complaint I ever have is that yes "Paul is a classic Old World barber. He's a one-man operation and has been in the neighborhood for decades. Older guys will come around and sometimes shoot the breeze speaking in Italian. He often remembers details about your family from stories you share from year to year--a real personal touch. Paul charges about $12 (plus tip) for a regular men's haircut Paul is a very friendly chap who takes his time with the haircut...it's a steal for $12 and feels good to go down a notch and slow life down for half an hour...  and used some sort of eucalyptus-smelling post shave ointment. In talking to him I found out that he has been in this location for 53 years.  In all those years he has gotten damn good at his job. I told him 'I'll be right back with the money' and he said 'don't worry about it' come back with it any day'.  I did come right back with it I'll just stick to my usual barber."  and generally get a cut that works fine for at least a couple of months.  They did a good job after I had a botched cut overseas (hairdressers in Japan are "i'm not sure why this place has bad reviews. its par for thecourse for supercuts. standard cut 16.95 is a bit pricy but they always do exactly what I say. i've simple hair so it works well for me. employees are generally nice  while one ""stylist"" cut the man's hair and 2 of them chatted in the back (ironically next to the chair where they do facial waxing). They must have been ""on break  but from what I remember this place seems completely average. The hair stylists seem nice enough and competent. The wait was a few minutes- I actually expected the wait to be longer because we came in on a Saturday. If I ever need a haircut (which I haven't gotten in maybe 5 years!) I went there today! The cut was terrible! I have an awful experience. They lady that cut my hair was nice but she wanted to leave early so she made a disaster in my head!  you can be in and out during your lunch break at work for $30 (or about $20 if you don't want the shampoo)."  I guess it just depends on who you have cut your hair. I waited about 15 mins and that let me see how the different stylists cut hair. I went with the one that did it how I like it."  and they actually do a very good job at minimizing the redness and irritation. My one complaint is that 9 times out of 10 I don't why people had bad experience I guess they might have new people working here. Cassie is awesome she took what I wanted n made it more awesome. I was greeted right away the wait wasn't long n the price was good. "This place does gorgeous updos for $25 apiece. My bridesmaids and I went there on the day of (with no trial run beforehand) and we all had beautiful hair exactly the way we wanted it. The hairdressers are so friendly and attentive and so accommodating in letting 5 of us take over their relatively small shop for 2 hours on a Saturday. I was so happy to find them Got my hair done in an updo (for only $25!!!!)  yesterday for my wedding.  they did amazing!  they listened to what i wanted and although it took quite a while (i have really long hair) she spent the time to do it right and exactly how i wanted it.  great service!!   The price is not high but the quality is!  her mastery is bizarrely affordable. Forever bookmarked. (Note: street parking can be fairly difficult to find on S. Highland so scour the smaller adjacent streets for a free 2 hours.)" Rosemary is amazing for updos. Only $25 a piece but great attention to detail! "I went in to get a haircut. Never been here before and had no preference as to which beautician did it. The place is fun! Mainly due to no nonsense people that work there. It isn't a glamorous spot like so many other salons in shadyside  and on top of the latest styles and trends. The atmosphere is relaxed and beautiful. It's a great place to go to feel welcome and pampered. They have a great boutique with the latest accessories and top of the line hair products."  of Dean of Shadyside and other ""chain"" hair places I felt welcome and comfortable as soon as I walked in. Everyone who works there from behind the counter to those doing your hair are friendly Had my first haircut with Adeste and I loved it!  She is the best...I'll be back soon. P. S.  One amusing side note:  I checked in at Izzazu when I arrived.  Turns out Emilio IS working on the front desk situation.  In the meantime  or the surprise when I went to pay. $250.00 for a color correction! I know this is normal sometimes when fixing the damage but it is also crucial to give your client some kind of idea on payment. I had gone in for color estimated at around $70. I think they did a decent job but for that money It should have been closer to what I asked for. Needless to say I haven't been back but would recommend in a jam." After trying many salons that didn't make the cut (yay puns!) and ending up with bangs  it was another great cut.  Not good enough to lure me back  they are no longer located on the Blvd of the Allies - they are on 5th and wood now. The new salon space is very clean and beautiful. The location is great if you work downtown The loss of one star goes to the attitude at reception. I understand it has compelled people to give them 1 star I highly recommend visiting this salon and requesting Frank. Nuff said."  spa manicure pedicure and an hour massage! All as a graduation present to myself but if they can't be attentive to prospective customers then I can't imagine that they'd be attentive in the store. I'll spend my money elsewhere!" Rhi colors my hair! Shes fantastic with foils & color!! Always listens to your needs & is enjoyable to talk to!! "Rhiannon performs amazing feats on my fine hair and is able to accommodate to any style cut color I throw at her - but not without making sure it's what I really want. She explains how a cut could work or not work for your face type lifestyle  I waited 20 minutes to pay for the two services. One receptionist couldn't take transactions and another was occupied with a wedding party.  I was so close to walking out and not paying. Unfortunately the two stylists didn't get a tip through no fault of their own. I can't give an unbiased opinion of their work as I am still furious in the way I was treated.  I would expect some ambiance at $100 for shampoo & style. I could never recommend Izzazu. Denham & Company is on Market Square  too they have a gorgeous place for groups called the Serata. It's a formal styling suite for groups and private parties Val is the best at the downtown location. I have had horrible mess-ups from other salons and she is able to fix them immediately. I will never go to anybody else. She listens to what I want and is able to perform... Friendly - exceptional talent - multiple services - top notch - check it out at least once. "Had a first time appointment with Kyle. Waited maybe 10 minutes in reception until she took me back. She was very nice and despite my box color and general lack of style  I don't know maybe 100 times b c she kept asking me about doing a treatment to straighten it.  No wonder they need coupons for customers. And I still tipped her because how bad I felt for her because she was telling me how poor she is because of her divorce. I should have just walked out when I was left waiting for over 30 minutes without anyone saying a word about it."  amazing. Her keen understanding of what service truly means is unparalleled! The pedicure I received was excellent   cut and style that was regularly  $70 (64% discount ).  All of that was GREAT! Craig did my hair and he was excellent and professional.  My problem is the price of the Groupon.  I didn't get to choose one of the hairdressers  the overall experience at Izzazu was top notch. I will definitely be going back to Ziggy and Izzazu! Thank you again  color and style my hair. She knows the latest and greatest in hair fashion and I always get stopped on the street to ask where I got my hair done (even for many months afterwards). She is very skilled at what she does and my hair looks like what you see in a magazine I arrived for my appointment at 1 o'clock on time and after sitting and waiting for half an hour was told that the stylist was running behind and it would be at least another half an hour until she could get to me. I guess her time or the current customer's time was more important than mine. I didn't stay to find out how the haircut would have gone.  he basically refused and just trimmed my hair that would be side bangs.  And when I told him my that my hair is naturally shiny and I don't like products in it She also gives the best blowout I've ever had... So... Don't tell my mom." Just had my hair done  love it!! Got a groupon and was a little hesitant but so glad I did Meg was my stylist she was so nice super friendly and did a great job looks like I'll definatly be going back I have been coming to the Carrick Cost Cutters for several years and have had Valerie cut and color my hair all those years.  She is professional and talented.  I get what I need and am very pleased with my styles.  My husband uses this salon but he does not limit himself to any one stylist and he is pleased as well.  and there were 3 available beauticians in the back. I complained and got waited on right away. I thought the customer always came first. Why would they want to risk a customer not coming back. I mean I can just go down the road to Borics. These women are old middle aged miserable employees with no passion for their jobs. I won't be back. DISAPPOINTED...:("  perfect hair cuts. I've been going to this salon for the past year Great stylists and a great location! Every stylist makes you feel at home. You can call ahead so you don't have to wait long in the salon. Stylists are knowledgable in current styles and great at color! I love coming to this salon!  old-fashioned barber shop.  The barber really is named Dave and he's a down to earth nice guy.  Always pleasant "Dave's Barber Shop is good old fashion at its finest!!!!  The convo was perfect Had a friend who went here. REALLY BAD experience "A-OK barber shop.  Typical old school shop with 3 chairs.  My kids and I go here and they do good job including shaving the neck.  Depending on the clientele  and the hair dresser didn't even show up! The owner is the one who took my appointment. Somehow it got lost? They are a hot mess. I will never go here again!"  the customer service was soso but i would go back for either a cut or color and i would insist upfront no product and service upselling" w16jpVr-b-0gd6YHwnIarg Always leaving incredibly happy  here's your chance! (I hear there's karaoke at the Apple on Tuesdays...)" In the end I am very excited to enjoy my next haircut here in October. I've definitely found my new stylist and salon!!" 05l84gPaZX2IWaIaoAq3hg "Great salon!  The staff is always very friendly and welcoming. I've been here three times so far and have always left feeling beautiful!  Make an appointment with Karen  put a plan in place and now we have a routine that is perfect for me.  She gives great cuts and THINS my hair the way I like it!  She's nice and friendly but not overly talkative.  I enjoy all of the people at this salon.  They are young and hip and friendly and knowledgeable.  I would recommend it to anybody who is looking to for a positive experience." I don't think I'll be going anywhere else for a long time because of the positive experience I had." "I've been going here for over 7 years!! Best salon in Pittsburgh. Ask for Marissa. I promise you won't be disappointed. It's a clean "Book with Dessa. She fixed my ombre disaster that I had with an expensive downtown salon. She took her time with my hair and didn't rush me and I didn't stay for more than 3 hrs there. I love my new sombre (subtle ombre) look for the summer. She listened to my wants and told me what she was doing while prepping and placing the colors in my hair. My hair was a project  especially during wedding season! They have a fancy private room where we could all be together and enjoy breakfast while getting beautiful. They planned well and had everyone's hair and makeup done in the estimated timeframe. But the most important part is that everyone looked gorgeous and was very happy with their look. Between the bride  but now look like a 70s rock star.  No hair on the sides and long on the back!" 05l84gPaZX2IWaIaoAq3hg  uneven ends that stick out at all different lenghts. There are also bleed marks of color noticeable in the hair line. The worst of it is the damage caused by being over processed. I have severe breakage everywhere especially at the top. I now have a ton of hairs sticking up at the top of my head and my hair over all looks frizzy and fried. It continues to break. I went and showed Sergio the owner who laughed when he saw it saying it was new hair growth "Such a great place! I am new to the area and wasn't sure where to go to get a good hair cut and highlights. I have short hair and am not always able to find a hairdresser that understands how to give me a stylish (not boyish) haircut. I saw Dessa and she totally got it. She knew just how to give me the right cut and highlights combo that I absolutely love! Plus Purchased the groupon for color and cut. The stylist did a great job. Would definitely return and recommend.  I wasted time getting off work early to come to a salon that refused the service they scheduled me for. What a complete waste of time. If you don't do something make sure all your staff knows that. It's a shame to get this bad review because you dont have the confidance i your staff to do a proper hair cut" What an absolutely amazing experience today!  I discovered this gem through Groupon and I was truly blown away.  Everyone from the initial greeting to Brit C. stylist gave me the red carpet service.  Brit made amazing recommendations and I could not be happier!  Sergio's is in a league of its own. Karen cut my hair and she was great. Spent a lot of time going over the cut I wanted and making sure she understood what I was looking for. At one point I got a little nervous about the way it was turning out so she showed me how to style it. Perfect. Will definitely go back next time." Emily did an amazing job cutting my hair and really paying attention to details and teaching me about my hair. Even though I used a groupon I was treated like a fully paying customer and she even spent extra time blowing out my thick hair. I'll be going back for sure!!  and fun style while she's bringing my hair back to healthy from being damaged. In just two visits my hair looks and is so much healthier." "Sergio and the ladies get ALL THE STARS. I love this place and have been a loyal client for years. Sergio takes great care of my hair  and she was amazing! She really listened to how I wanted it fixed while giving her professional opinion and ended up fixing my roots to be the same color as the rest of the color  both when she got it cut and when she got it colored.  For some reason I continued to go the Supercuts to get my hair cut even though the price wasn't much difference.  I finally decided to give Bri a try at my wife's insistence and I'm glad I did.  Bri does a great job on my hair and I would recommend her if you're a guy in need of a great haircut.  I should have started going to her a long time ago.  Obviously my wife highly recommends her too."  and he has always gone the extra mile to make sure everything t is exactly the way i want it to be. There are two things that i really love about Sergio's Salon that i feel sets him apart from other high-end salons: 1.) You get a quality service without all of the holier than thou attitude. Nothing is more irritating than walking into a salon to find that you are being ignored by a 20 year-old botoxed Klingon who thinks she's a big deal. 2.) Sergio has integrity. He makes customer service a priority and really wants everyone to enjoy their experience. Make an appointment!" Loved the service at Sergio and style by Bri! She's the best! My cut and color are always perfect. I was looking for a new salon and I tried to book an appointment with Sergio. I was told I need to leave my credit card number with them or a cash deposit. NO WHERE EVER have I been asked to leave my payment information with a salon just to BOOK an appointment. They told me it was it was because I was booking with the owner. I've had appointments with salon owners and NEVER had to leave payment info. They told me that if I didn't show up for my appointment they would bill me 50% of the services. Why would you assume someone wouldn't show up to an appointment right off the bat??? I could understand if I was an existing unreliable client that you would require that. Some of us aren't from a ghetto and actually grew up with some tact and class and the ability to show up to an appointment and or reschedule if there is a conflict. Ridiculousness... I'll take my business elsewhere. I'm new to the area as of last August had tried a few salons and was not happy with my results . Had my first appointment today with Emily and am thrilled! She discussed with me what I was looking for and was so easy to talk to. I have short dark hair with blonde highlights and I couldn't be happier with results. Everyone at salon is friendly and professional. I have found my new salon ... And stylist! Thanks Emily! Sergio did a good job. I wanted blond and now I'm blond stuff is really friendly and helpful. I recommend  gave me honest feedback that they looked unlike any lashes I've ever had...and that it wasn't a good look.  That was supported by numerous other comments throughout the next day at work.  Within 24 hours  I guess I was too busy watching in horror as he blunt cut horizontal layers into my hair (exactly the opposite of what you're supposed to do with curly hair). The owner clearly has no idea how to cut curly hair. And he's overpriced to boot. The other stylists may give better cuts We have been going here for the past six years since we moved to the area (can walk to).  There is no one better at haircuts or color and the owner is fabulous.  I've been having my hair highlighted for 20 years and this is the only place that really gets it right.  I've been to high end salons all through the city and this one is top notch all around...would go here over any place. I get so many complements since I've been going to Geno Como Salon!"  I could never get the correct looking highlights lowlights until I found Lisa here (I'm 44!).  My hair has never looked so beautiful and I am so glad that we found such a great place.  Everyone is so friendly and I love coming here as the salon has a light and airy look to it which is very relaxing Proceed with caution.." xmyWUwZtjPK6xLdNuAUxaw  I should have went with gut feeling RUN but I didn cause this was part of my Mother's Day gift. I told Geno I donate my hair to locks of love and showed him how much to cut off. I've been donating my hair for years and I know how much to cut. Geno told me I should donate my hair to Pantene and preceded to tell me why he likes them better than locks of love. Told Geno thanks for your input but I donate to locks of love. He put my hair in a ponytail got out his electric trimmer and preceded to cut off my hair. All the salons that have cut off my hair used scissors. Weird !  He cut way more than I showed him the back is so short the front is longer and the hole cut is choppy all different lengths. I don't know what to do with this other than wear a hat for a few week. Thank God my hair grows fast. This man clearly should retire. I wish my daughter would have read the reviews before we went there and she would have seen Geno can't cut curly hair. We got there at 2pm and Geno took my daughter right away Amazing! Have been going to Geno for years! My entire family goes to him and so do friends! He does an amazing hair cut every time! Way to go! "The staff was friendly and they did a great job styling my teenage daughter's hair for an event.  However CAUTION: This store is located in an odd strip plaza.  Don't park in the one way parking area or you will get stuck in traffic.  Park in the area between the PNC and the Bruesters.  You may have to walk an extra 5 feet  call ahead and request Kevin.  Most Supercuts staff spend 12-15 mins. on a mens crew cut and the results are often questionable at best.  Kevin takes his time Get what you pay for with a cheap  priced haircut.  Average cut.  Fine for the money.   If you care about your hair this isn't the place for you.  it looked like a Lucy lu bang. The back cut wasn't even shaped up or even given a hot towel as requested. My hair was left damp and wet enough to leave a water mark on the back of my shirt. It was pretty embarrassing to get up and walk towards the waiting area to see the guy who she was rushing for. My money wasn't good enough to get a full service here in this place clearly." Good Cut   Great Price.  my hair was cut in two divided stacks. There was no continuancy from one stack to the other and it was obviously two divided layers and looked horrible that even an amateur like myself could have cut better. In addition I asked for a straight line for the ends and yet there were so many pieces that Tiffany missed and did not form a straight end. I was devastated after I got home and looked at my haircut." I've been taking our child here for a few years and we absolutely love it.  The ladies who work there treat him like a little prince and are so kind and gentle.  We have always been very pleased with the haircuts and will keep returning! "I love this salon and all of the stylists working there! Some of the most talented stylists in Pittsburgh are right here under one roof. The prices are great and there are so many products lines to pick from. All of the stylists are knowledgable in all areas of hair including cuts "Have been getting my hair cut and highlighted here since high school and unlike many salons in the area this one has really done a consistently great job. Occasionally bad apple gets in but by next appointment that face isn't seen among all the familiar faces that I have been seeing for the past ten years or so. Prices are fantastic  or interesting with your hair then McN Salon is your choice in Pittsburgh.  I had been dreading finding a new sytlist in Pittsburgh since moving here Definitely a good find - thanks yelp!" I have scheduled a follow up appointment and I will continue to see Jessie at MCN for the forseeable future."  and is all around a great stylist.  I have also heard only good things from friends who have had other stylists at MCN.  I am so sad to have had to move again and leave MCN  but I think its worth the expense to have a confident new style." Wendy & MCN--I will be back for many more visits!! :)"  I anticipated the opening of his new salon in Shadyside. Jim and Lisa (owners) are two of the finest people I have ever met. They always have a smile on their faces and know how to treat their clients making them feel like they're home. Furthermore  I found MCN as I was searching for a new hair salon.  I took the advice of previous Yelp-ers and made an appointment with Kara.  I've gotten numerous compliments on my hair All in all - 2 thumbs up."  but are not super pushy about it.  The receptionist could use a little bit of an attitude adjustment - I swear she sighed and rolled her eyes at me when I said I didn't want my receipt."  the prices are very high with mixed results.  Ask about how much experience people have because there are some people with little experience (less than one year). I think Nicolette is the best- has good experience and she did a great job.  Tried the owner Jim and hair came out brassy orange instead of blonde.  When came back to have it fixed PS. Definitely take the elevator--you actually have to. Stairs only go to the 2nd floor "This place is amazing! The level of service you receive there is outstanding. Jim  I felt like they didn't really know how to style curly hair.  My hair was half dry and they were trying to slather on some gel As a ""hint"" though - park on the upper level of the parking structure and not near the Whole Foods."  I hadn't been able to get a decent haircut in Pittsburgh (I've had to wait to go back to California to cut my hair).  I've actually tried this salon prior to getting Kara and I left very unhappy (my hair looked like it hadn't been cut at all and I had to pay $50+ for it).  However  and now I'm stuck with an expensive product I can't use. I called bumble and bumble and they told me that the product I use has been discontinued.  All my previous salons in other cities would have honored a return in this situation.  I won't be back to MCN."  but it seems like others had great experiences."  which is a big plus for me.  The stylist did a great job of giving me pin curls and incorporating the hair accessories I wanted to use.  I went back a few months later for a haircut with a different stylist.  The hair cut was fine "This is the first place in Pittsburgh that has gotten my hair right. They were courteous  welcoming place. Josie the bulldog has got to be my favorite part. They are always really friendly and smiling and the atmosphere is really relaxing The salon is beautiful and convenient with Whole Foods being next door. The only challenge is if you are new to the salon. It's on the top floor above Starbucks and can be a little hard to find. You will need to take the elevator to get there. But once you are in the space  I gave her advice about skin treatments that would be right for her and she explained what kind of cut would be best for me. I asked about extensions because I have been curious to try them but she said the clip on ones would be better for my hair type. I appreciate that she gave me the truth straight up. I don't want my hair getting damaged after the things I have done to it! She gave me a modern chick look that I love The salon itself if reasonably priced; about $35 for a men's haircut. It's very modern  the little things count as well. I will say though that they do seem a little pushy with product and the product may not even be the best one for your hair. I know salons can make a great profit off of product from the show Tabitha's Salon but this can ruin your experience at MCN after an awesome haircut color treatment."  and completely adored her. She was very personable and had constructive advice on my hairstyle.  She definitely was able to come up with the perfect style to frame my face just by listening to what I wanted.  A picture wasn't even necessary. Definitely would recommend her.  Also the salon is beautiful with a gorgeous view.  Staff was super friendly."  love them!  I went to Nicolette earlier this week after reading some of the reviews on her for curly hair - spot on!  She knows what she's doing with them curls.  While I've enjoyed the other stylists that I've had at MCN "I just moved to Pittsburgh and checked out MCN based on some Yelp reviews and its convenient location to my apt. I had a GREAT experience. The stylist I had Bottom line: MCN is a great salon in the Burgh  the blow out she gave me was so glamorous. I've never seen my hair look like that before! She was really patient and explained the products and how she was styling my hair. I would recommend her to anyone. She's really professional and great at her job!"  I can now say that I'll CANT WAIT to be going back to Stephan Szabo's in Peters!  That's worth the drive  me and my mom were pumped! We called to make appointments together and the receptionist was rude! Not what i would expect from a high end salon. Anyways we got appointments together at 6 for a wednesday. The salon is pretty and clean with great views. My mom and I went in for haircuts only .. And we had a similar experince like Catilin. Different people wash and dry your hair. I wanted a short bob haircut with lots of layers. What i got was about  2 inches taken off and no layers. I thought since i had a senior stylist isd be in good hands. Wrong! Also they are very pushy with products which ruins the experince to me. I do color my own hair (why pay $60+ when i can do it at home for $7?) and my stylist asked about my color because  i do like the underneath of my hair darker. When i said i do it i thought i was in beauty school .. And she proceeded to go on about how bad it was and about deep conditoners. Ive been coloring my own hair and using deep conditioners for 4 years! Anyway my mom liked her haircut but due to the experince it wasnt worth the drive or my 10%tip to my stylist."  so I'm willing to pay for great work.  2.  Several times people have tried to up sell me product or treatments during my haircut color.  I would appreciate if they give me these choices before the haircolor cut begins and not spring them on me mid-appt.  The last thing I want to do when I'm there is spend more money.  3.  One receptionist is not very pleasant to deal with.  She is often too busy to help you "Excellent Salon.  I went to Kara for curly hair as Nicolette was not available (this was my first visit:  I recently moved to PGH and used these Yelp reviews to help me pick).  She was perfect:  friendly  even though I have been getting highlight for years and never have had all over color. The all over color was not right for me and often left my hair brassy looking. Finally Oh and I might have booked an appointment in 8 weeks. I figure it costs less than an eighth and keeps me just as happy :)" "I first starting going to Sara Karpiak for my hair after a horrific cut at supercuts (I should have known better to go there in the first place). Anyway Sara was able to fix it and I am still not sure how she did  for $50 I expect a little bit better service and a little bit nicer treatment. Oh  although i got to see the other models' finished hair as well  so don't expect low prices like those that you might find in the burbs.  Kerastase and Bumble products make my hair very ""Pantene-esque"".  Sara is creative  neither could have been bothered.  One didn't even look up from the computer.  After waiting I told the first girl that I was a new customer and interested in booking an appointment.  She offered me two different stylists by name with no other information.  She didn't offer to set up a consultation or make any statements about levels.  So I guess I was supposed to chose a stylist because of their name?  When I asked for a little more information she just stared at me  so it's not cheap. The relatively high cost is the one bummer about MCN. But if you can spend $200 on color and highlights call MCN and book an appt with Lacie. You won't be disappointed!"  but Leslie pulled it off effortlessly. I very highly recommend this place."  rebooking I had an exceptional experience.  If you are looking for a salon and stylist in Pittsburgh "Let me start by saying that I moved here from out of state and adored by prior stylist and salon so I knew finding someone here was going to be tough. I went to MCN on the recommendation of a fellow bottle blonde and over the course of more than a year and half "My stylist (Abbey) definitely knows how to do my hair exactly in the manner that I want. Everyone at MCN are really nice and friendly. It may be a bit pricey I highly recommend this place and cannot more strongly recommend Margeaux!"  professional and he makes the appointment a lot of fun. Somehow the time flies even when you are sitting there for an hour and a half.  I highly recommend booking an appointment with him  and they do a good job. But for me personally getting a haircut wasn't a relaxing experience I deducted 1 star because the first haircut I received was objectively not good."  Kara donated services and product for an event I was promoting.  Now someone (a winner from the event I hosted) has the opportunity to experience Kara.  Win Win all around.  Thanks Kara and the staff (front end Bottom line- my experience wasn't horrible and wasn't great."  the two bulldogs are a mainstay in the salon.  So cute!"  they charged me 25 bucks more for the blow-dry without telling me. I wish I didnt go there for the color.."  to blonde! & It turned out amazing. I think my request could've very easily been botched but they did a fabulous job and care a lot for the health of my hair which was nice. All the bleach could've really done a number on my hair! I would recommend this place to anyone!"  and told me her honest opinion about what she thought it needed and the best kind of cut for me. It was perfect! I'm so happy someone finally took the time to actually give my hair a good look and tell me what it needed. I will definitely be going back!"  specially at the reception area where they had beverages and pastries."  the ambiance is WAY better at mcn and I am def considering returning if I still can't achieve the ombre color I want with Kim.  The place is so darn cute that I will probably still pop in every now and then for a blow out."  and styling.  Note that you don't have to get the top level of stylist to get a great do.  Margeaux is my stylist and she definitely knows what she is doing.  I get consistently good haircuts and color time after time.  Pricey?  Somewhat.  Worth it?  Yup." "Let me first start off that I had a good and bad experience here. I'm from out of town so I got lost going to my appt and called saying I would be 15 min late which they said was fine. When I got to my appt (scheduled for a blowout) Margo asked what style I wanted and I said volume and big curls. She said she couldn't do big curls because it would take too long and she only had 30 min. Because I had arrived late my service was cut short. I was FURIOUS. She went to go check if someone else could do it. So the receptionist came over and said that most clients arrive on time and that Margo could do what she could and I would have to do the rest at home. I went bananas On her because for being such a nice salon they certainly didn't have the customer service to go along with it. And isn't the customer always right?? There was absolutely no type of accommodation from Margo or the receptionist. My husband got his haircut there also ( and my sister in Law got a blowout  she kept cutting off more and more until my hair was three inches shorter. I had heard so many great things about this salon and gave it a fair shot... but was very disappointed!"  it'll definitely be in part to Margeaux and the staff at MCN!"  and will definitely make an appointment to see Jenna in another 7 weeks!" Only downside is that the salon is a bit pricey and they do not accept Amex or tips on debit credit cards I will definitely be going again and probably very soon!"  but to be completely fair I was pretty happy with their service until now. I wouldn't recommend this salon for color however if you're younger or looking for something more than a basic dye-job and make certain that your appointment is booked correctly beforehand. As a side-note their tipping policy is also outdated and nonsensical. Make sure to bring cash."  which is not a good idea. I am allergic to dogs and there are people who don't like dogs. All the staff was nice and courteous. Though we like the services but we are not going back again because the owner has no manners and was very rude." The salon is beautiful. The staff is helpful. And Leslee is the best! I highly  recommend MCN and Leslee. 2 co-workers of mine now go to her and they are both very happy as well!" I'll definitely be going back!" "I just had my first appointment this afternoon. I must say I had a wonderful experience. The salon was beautiful and everyone I interacted with was so friendly & accommodating. My stylist  I had less than stellar experience with getting my makeup done with airbrush. Not only did the woman give my sister-in-law attitude on her wedding day because she didn't like how her make up was looking  in a beautiful location  and has a well equip staff?! The prices may be higher than what you're willing to spend but the results will far outweigh the price. Jessy was the stylist who cut and colored my hair. She did an absolute stellar job and I would 100% recommend her to anyone reading this. She is super friendly and darn good at her job! After 3 years of searching My stylist was Jessie and she was a treat. My hair looks and feels amazing My hair looks and feels amazing. I don't know what level Ashley is but I paid $170 for cut  in which she asked me whether I planned to relax my hair. My only intention was to have my hair blow dried and straightened. Stylist then told me that she didn't know how to do my hair and wouldn't do my hair unless it involved a relaxer. I ended just leaving. So Warning for those with curly hair  which is a steal for how seldom I get my hair cut and also how long and thick it is"  but thank you to my stylist for a great cut. 5 stars for you." "Always extremely happy with my haircuts and color here.  Very professional.  Love the atmosphere * Remember to bring cash for tipping- you put it in an envelope with the stylists name on it when you pay at the end" So for anyone who also read the negative reviews and is getting nervous.. Just know that I didn't see any of that and I'm very happy with the colour and cut I received."  Ashley's mother was waiting to have her hair done by her daughter and seemed to be staring me down with daggers even though I had an appointment with her and was paying good money to have my hair colored and cut. Ashley was completely overbooked and complained to me about being too busy and frantic--NOT something you want to hear from someone styling and coloring your hair! I felt very uncomfortable and like I was putting her out by even being there. I understand that coloring takes time  color and had a blow out with him. I've been happy each time I've been in. You must say I sent you! He's amazing:)"  but if I'm going to pay that much (which I'm OK with) I feel that the stylist should be giving a higher level of input as far as what looks good and really personalize the cut. McN does all the business things wonderfully - friendly  she was completely lost on how to even approach cutting my hair. She also kept asking me about my accent and where I was ""really from"" despite having been born and lived in the US my entire life and speaking perfect English. She seemed pretty confused by the idea of an Asian person being born here. Overall "Love this place! I recently moved to East Liberty from Greensburg and I decided to try it out since it's pretty close to my house. The interior is nice "Went to get a haircut yesterday and had big expectations for this place since I read the Yelp reviews. My hairstylist was friendly but gave me a really bad haircut. It is not even and the layers don't compromise my hair texture you will go out of them happy i had try the Brazilian blowout and it was great and i did a hair cut and hair coloring every thing is just great.  or water. However it wasnt until half way through my appointment that I got it. The staff wasnt overly welcoming either which surprised me even more since I was a new client. Maybe I'm spoiled having such amazing salon experiences in Boston. However Congratulations! Your appointment with MCN Salon is confirmed for Wednesday "I have been coming here for several years!  Laurie and Katie are both extremely friendly!  Katie does a fabulous job styling my hair  and comfortable atmosphere. They are very friendly and extremely professional.  Everybody goes to ""The Strip""  now and then-take a little stroll up the road and see what I'm talking about."  talks to you like you've been friends for years.  I brought my sister in for a keratin treatment a while ago and she too is now a loyal customer of Katie's.  It's just a great place." Best haircut ever!  And the ladies smell nice too.  coloring and basically an awesome place for your hair! A down-to-earth place I return to over  and make you feel very comfortable while you're there....even offering up the owners homemade red wine to sip while they style!"  I finally settled on Cardamone's. This salon caters to customers of all ages and types from Downtown businessmen to students at the nearby Point Park University. The styling tools and products are top of the line and always leave my hair with a beautiful finish. The staff are very friendly  I'm glad I had the experience BEFORE what may have been the worst nail experience of my life.  Imagine how the ""personal problems"" may have affected the work.  I called the salon to let them know of my disappointment in being left high and dry.  They simply didn't care.  They lost a customer....not just for nails  and I was told that I could not given the student discount on that since I had graduated already.  Give me a break.  Funny how my discussion with the hairdresser was relayed to the receptionist when it favored the salon.  I didn't go back after that one.  Watch your bills carefully here  they don't push products on you and they are good at what they do. Highly recommended." I have been in Pittsburgh for 5 years and hopped  from one salon to another as nobody could ever get the kind of hair style that looks good on me until I met MARISSA.  The style of cut she gave me just made me look chic and  20 years younger !  I would definitely recommend this salon !!! JoJo is the best for tape-in extensions! She is also amazing at color changes and cuts! I've always had a hard time finding a place that would listen to me as well as they do at this place! My favorite place to get my hair done in the Burgh PERIOD! If you want a hairstyle that doesn't make you look like you're a yinzer this is the only place in Pittsburgh to go. So go there. Emily is great.  still had a red welt 3 days later. She also used the same stick the entire time which is not sanitary. Eyebrow waxing is significantly overpriced at $18. Do not go here for waxing!" "PATTI IS THE BEST FOR MENS CUTS!! I have always been a little bit of a salon snob  every salon I tried wasn't able to nail the color I wanted. My first visit to Cardamone's I had my appointment with Emily. She's amazing. I showed her a picture of what I wanted and she did exactly like the picture showed! My hair is now a gorgeous red color and I get compliments everywhere I go! I just went back yesterday to put some more red in I loved it!  I had Katie and she was wonderful and even though I did not have a complete idea on how I wanted my ombre to look it turned out amazing.  They were all super friendly and welcoming.  I moved to Pittsburgh not too long ago and didn't have a new salon to go to and this was exactly what I was looking for and were price range was perfect considering.  I would recommend them to anyone. What a 5 star salon! From the moment Jill greeted me to the magnificent glass of wine I had a great experience!  Kathy did a super job! (shampoo and flat iron my hair) In and out under 2 hours! Next time I'm in Pittsburgh definitely making another appointment! Emily was awesome! She cut my hair during her break and made it look fantastic. She was also very sweet. "I took Nolan C's advice and had Patti cut my hair. No doubt the best cut I've had since my regular girl is no longer available. Patti did a great job  you must give Cardamone's a try! Emily has a great vision with hair and does a beautiful job. If you like to get your nails done  and DEFINITELY have my business!"  what else is better than hearing that! I will be looking into that soon!"  customer service and sheer brilliance made the entire 3 hour or so experience such a memorable one. The girl is a STAR! Sheer talent far bigger than the city she resides in! Catch her while you can before someone's stealers her to another state or something  coffee and plugging my meter!  Thanks JoJo is awesome. She takes the time to explain how to do your hair yourself. A magician with eyebrows. Made my highlights look so natural. When a salon offers you wine while you get pretty  I checked out Cardamone's as my previous hairstylist left the business. Boy am I glad I tried this place out. They do a great job  your hair looks fabulous.""  This started a wonderful rapport that put me at ease.  I wanted a deep conditioner and she recommended a wonderful product for a mere $15 extra.  My hair is still very luxurious from the treatment.  Katie listened to exactly what I wanted and then gave me the haircut that I envisioned.  The salon is conveniently located; the staff are super-nice and the price  but she took me in between customers and I don't think she heard what I was trying to convey what I wanted. She is a great stylist and I am happy with her work except this time. Luckily it's hair and it wool grow back."  even though curly hair gets curlier and therefore shortens much more than you would expect after a short cut.  He did a really great job of shaping it I would recommend this place if you don't mind spending the money and if you have specific requirements for your hair!" NL1zxchs_XJPTdCQ-jqPDw Joh and Jaimee are magic; I don't trust anyone else; nuf said The cost was extremely reasonable (though I'm used to NYC prices) and I definitely see myself going back." Thanks Dan AND Denham & Company!  You've restored my faith in downtown hair salons!" If you want bumpin' style and sexy looks  it's in a loft above a wonderful coffee shop! Can't beat that.)" NL1zxchs_XJPTdCQ-jqPDw  I haven't gone anywhere else! My hair is crazy thick and I always have troubles coloring it but Tim always gets the perfect shade and cuts it in the best way. I get so many compliments on the color anywhere I go. The price is definitely worth it The space is beautiful as well! Tons of light ZTpxEB-EamFibdXmglzLLw  but definitely worth it.  I tried a barber again recently and will be regretting it until my hair grows back and I get Cara to fix it." Julie does a fantastic job. Been going to her for years. The attention to detail is tremendous and I come away with a haircut I can have confidence in. "I am very picky about my hair. I have had several bad experiences at hair saloon's( one turned my hair purple) so I am always reluctant to go to a new place. Denham & Company has surpassed my expectation. The receptionist knew who I was before I even gave her my name  and I ALWAYS make sure to include a hair appointment at Denham & Co. Literally my favorite hair salon that I've ever been to. The cuts are always chic "Nicole was incredibly friendly and was super intuitive and adaptive to what I wanted! Thanks Denham and Company I wish I could take this salon and Jamie with me as I move again."  and fades better than some other brands. When I got to Pittsburgh I found Denham & Co and immediately called them to schedule an appointment. I was booked with Hilary and was not disappointed. I travel with my color formula and she did a beautiful job with it. I have very fine hair and she really knew how to take care of it and gave me a great cut and even styled it! Denham & Co as a business is really charming. The decor had a very cozy  she seemed to do so in a rushed manner.  The whole process was so rushed that I barely got a chance to look at my fade (the whole reason I went in) which was TERRIBLY botched.  I don't know what this idiotic looking zig zag pattern is on the side of my head End of story - probably won't be back.  Still have a bunch of other salons to try for a last minute blow out before the weekend.  However Thanks Denham & Co.  for making me look and feel fabulous last weekend!" I have curly hair and the staff struggled to straighten it when I went in for a up do. NL1zxchs_XJPTdCQ-jqPDw  and I have a TON of hair...) to make sure the job was done meticulously. She was also extremely helpful with answering general questions Lately I have been going to Mariana due to  how she perfectly cuts my pixie cut... But I would honestly trust going to anyone here! I can't say enough good things about this place so I highly recommend anyone give it a try." So great!! I got a haircut with some layers & my hair looked so healthy for the longest time! "I just had my hair cut with Nicole and I am very pleased. She listened to me  and even though I told her I was planning to grow it out into a bob Do yourself a favor and book an appointment here." "I discovered Denham while looking for a salon to fix my hair after a woman had just butchered it. I had been wearing my hair up for four days and was feeling so down about myself. I called Denham and told them what happened and they scheduled me a long appointment with a senior stylist  it looks like a chopped up mess If I could give a review with no stars I would and I was told on the phone it would be $50 but when I went to pay they told me $55 and would not budge. see you later Denhams...... NOT!!!!" The guy eventually tried to fix it but my hair was already plastered with too much hairspray and he was acting like I was being completely irrational just because I didn't like his artistic vision. I showed him the pictures of what he did before and what my other salon had done and crabbily pulled my hair back in a hair band and stuck some pins in it. I will add that the makeup girl was great  so it is rather steep for some.  Sognatore is closed Sunday & Monday.  I would also recommend making a reservation." The top wasn't even and was kind of a mess.  I won't be back." Oh and a GREAT perk: you can book your appointment online anytime.  I work nights right now and 2am was the only spare time I had to book.  It was so easy!  While I believe they take walk ins Bottom Line: go to Lauri for great color and a cut! Her work is worth every penny!"  and layout were all updated.  I felt like I was in a high end salon in New York City where I attend the Fashion Institute of Technology.  The quality of the cut and style was always the best.  When I discovered the salon even offered a secret spa upstairs I was beyond surprised and excited.  I will most defiantly be recommending this new discovery for my friends that live and go to school downtown."  I don't even remember any product being recommended to me until I asked first.  I like when a place waits for me to make the first move and doesn't have unreasonably high expectations of me as just another  the view is great. I have asked Krista to do my hair and makeup for my wedding because I am completely confident it will be amazing (she's that good!)  If I could afford to have her do my hair everyday  highlights.. you name it we tried it. Each and every time I left her chair feeling fabulous. In addition to Jennies talent she is personable and always professional. The salon is beautiful as is all the people that work there. I highly recommend Sognatore and Jennie !!" I can't wait to check out their new place in Shadyside as soon as it opens!"  and have never found one that I've fallen in love with until now. Laurie did WONDERS on my hair! I told her my concerns and even went in to cut in bangs in my hair Dare I say it? Have I found my forever salon? Pending their availability...I think I have ;-)" I was living in Pittsburgh for a little over a year and needed to find a place to get my haircut. i always look for people that have trained at Vidal Sassoon as I find the cuts tend to be a lot more consistent. I found Laurie via a Google Search just like I found my haircutter in Boulder when I moved there. Sognatore is in a great location and is a nice space. Laurie give very good and consistent cuts for curly hair. I would recommend her and Sognatore. The prices here are also very reasonable.  and New York. Lauri does gorgeous blond highlights that pack a punch but still look natural. I plan my trips back to the Burgh around my hair needs! Zoe and the team are so friendly and accommodating  anywhere! I cannot recommend her highly enough. She is pleasant and easy to talk to and gives fantastic and cool haircuts. Also: her prices are very reasonable. I also have it on good authority that she gives great men's haircuts as well."  and a new hairdresser to boot. There's nothing quite like the relief of finding a stylist you know you can count on."  and encourage you to try it out!" Thought it was worth a review."  go to SALON NUVO and ask for Terry (or Chris). You'll definitely get more than your money's worth and schedule a return appointment!" "Everyone at Salon Nuvo is a professional.  Everyone is friendly and it's a really great salon.  Chrissy has done my hair for almost 15 years (she moved to Salon Nuvo about 2 years ago) and I trust no one else to perm or color my hair.  Chrissy understands chemicals and how to maintain healthy hair.  She's a dedicated professional and has always been flexible - she let's me come in late to accommodate my work school schedule.  And everyone I've ever referred to her has been a happy customer :-)  I'm pretty brutal on my hair (lots of heat and don't deep condition as often as I should I have been getting my hair done by Terry Boden for a looonnnggg time and she is one of the 3 people I have let cut my hair in my entire life!!  I even take my four year old daughter to her when I can and she is amazing with her!!!  I am very picky about my hair but put all my trust in her and am I glad I did!!!  The salon is nice and the other ladies are all professional.  I grew up in Pittsburgh and moved due to the military but everytime I am in town to visit I find Terry so she can work her magic on my hair.  She really is a jack of all trades and I LOVE what she does for me!! I recommend anyone to give her a try....no matter what hair type!!  You wont be dissapointed!!  does a fantastic job.  Started with tips and now I have my own nails.  I was shocked that my nails did not get destroyed under this tips Salon Nuvo has a wonderful and comfortable atmosphere.  The staff is very friendly and professional. Terry Boden has been doing my hair for 7 years and she is AMAZING!! She has never failed to give me what I asked for.   I always leave the chair 100% happy with the style and service that I was given. She keeps my hair healthy and beautiful; I get compliments on it all the time!  thinning hair and the cut is always flattering. And Autumn seems quite supportive of my desire to not color my very grey hair "Definitely recommend this salon! I booked an appointment after having many failed attempts with other stylist that are not able to work with biracial hair. I was frustrated and tired of having the same look because of my unruly mop. I have thick Unfortunately it is really difficult for me to get Downtown which is the only negative thing about this salon..I had to switch to a salon near my house and no matter how much I pay noone can even compare to Autumn. Hopefully after reading this review a few people will get to experience Autumn's awesomeness since I can't anymore :(." I went there for Brazilian blowout . After spending around 400 bucks including tip my hair have not changed at all . They look even worse . They re-did it again to try to fix them but nothing happened. I have no complains about my stylist. She was very nice to me and looking in details but their procedure and product did not work . When I showed them results after second time after a wash they juts said thanks for stopping by. I wasted my money :(  even though we both knew that meant she would have to stay late.  She asked me for pictures of what I was looking for and executed them perfectly.  I really liked that we chatted the whole time but she never stopped working.  She was extremely efficient.  The hairstyle was elegant and trendy at the same time.  The haircut fixed my bangs that were growing out funnily.  The makeup was enought that it was noticeable The salon is so dirty we left before I let them cut me hair. The sanitizers were old and half full. The scissors and combs were a mess.  http:  www.wellbuzz.com dr-oz-beauty dr-oz-pedicure-bacterial-infections-dry-pedicure-haircut-ringworm  i have been getting my hair cut here for 15 years.  Marjorie is amazing and priceless.  I am as picky about my hairstylist as i am my dentist or doctor.  I travel extensively for work and get compliments no matter where i travel.  Wouldn't go anywhere else! Really nice and friendly people! Also good prices. We got pedicures and there was a big variety of colors to choose from. The Saran Wrap they wrap your toes in after was weird and uncomfortable and they could probably get nicer pedicure chairs but I'd come back!!  I was feeling pretty satisfied.  My only concern was over the length of one of the layers and my bangs. Meg advised me to live with it through the weekend and come back for any necessary touch-ups  even if it took longer than some other clients may. I'm glad I was able to get while I was in town. Thanks again! :)"  and Autumn always does a great job cutting my hair  making my hair look excellent. Best haircut ever. For once I came out of a salon really loving my hair and the way that it looked. She even recommend a hair product which doesn't make my hair shiny but still has a firm hold. Definitely coming back. Couldn't recommend Marjorie more!" I really like this place. I've been here about 4 times now and have always received what I asked for. The stylists are always great and easy going. They're very good at achieving the look you are going for and making appointments for the salon is not a hassle at all.. "I was introduced to the Healing Touch through a fantastic Groupon deal.  Retta is a highly qualified massage therapist.  She was responsive to my requests and tailored the massage for my specific issues.  Many times massage therapists just go through the motions and do not respond to the the muscles they are massaging.  Retta clearly new what she was doing and was able to help me.  The Healing Touch is located directly off the Parkway within a two minute walk from convenient parking  but she was very accomodating and made sure we each got our massages for the full amount of time.  She is very experienced and knows exactly what techniques to use in order to release the tension from your muscles.  She creates a very comfortable and relaxing environment to conduct the massages.  I couldn't have wished for a better experience!"  nothing. I gave her a call and she didn't pick up. At this point I really had to use the restroom. I waited until 5 and knocked normally so that it would be heard. I sent her a text touching base and asking for the bathroom code. Around 5:05 I knocked again. 5:12 I called again and left her a voicemail letting her know I'd been waiting and would wait another 3 minutes before leaving and contacting Amazon local for a refund. I asked a few people if they'd ever been there and go the responses were all no. A few people I'd run into on my way knew where it was as they pointed it out to me. Around 5:15 the same men came back around and one knocked very loudly for me and they found me the bathroom code "Retta did contact me via text at 5:45 (45 minutes after my scheduled appt and 20 minutes after I left) and apologized and noted she would gift me a one hour massage. I let her know I had a 90 minute massage and reminded her that I made my appointment 3 weeks in advance. The next morning she sent me a text saying she was retiring in 2 months and her health wasn't good. She told me she would refund me the $50 if amazon wouldn't and also send me a $100 spa finder gift card. I did receive the gift card and it was post marked Sept 11th Gentlemen: why go to Supercuts when "Service was quick. Barbers are friendly and experienced. I was in and out in 15 "Old fashioned barber shop. Been doing business here for years. Good In and out in 20 minutes with the best haircut I've had all year."  and I really liked seeing that there were customers who have been getting their hair cut here for ages.  I wish that they did the warm foam straight razor deal  so don't forget the $10!" Nice old guys though. I'll go back if they'll make another ""exception""." "Read some reviews and decided to try them out. Im very pleased with the haircut and even more pleased with the price. Walked right in "I appreciate this joint very much.  An amazing deal at 10 bucks (plus a few for tip). i can't quite get my hair exactly to the way I like it The boys in my family will definitely be going back! Who knows I'm probably just too much of a prima donna."  granted it always has fox news on and he's a Bill O'Reily fan lol. It's funny to listen to the conversations I know other reviewers have said they now take debit cards but they told me cash only. Still  very nice barbers and great price! Would recommend them to everyone!" Great place. Got my haircut there for the first time today. Great price too. Only negative - I wish they did a neck shave with a straight razor. Last barber on the left was who helped me. Very nice but not very skilled. He uses plastic guards for his shears and also I noticed after washing my hair I have very thin parts that were cut much shorter than the rest of my hair. Luckily my hair grows fast. I trusted Yelp! reviews but they let me down. I may try one of the other barbers with real shears once more but I am hesitant to recommend or go back here with  confidence.  the dude did exactly what I requested  great haircut. Very friendly place. Will definitely be going back."  the Pittsburgh special. Super friggin' short. I'm getting my tattoo sleeves finished this week to better fit in this city." I consistently have a great hair cut here and I've never left feeling bad. I also have never gotten home and found stray hair or areas that were missed (which is something that was almost a given at the other big name stores)" I love these kind of barbershops.  Straight out of a Twilight Zone time warp. especially  the prices.  Very friendly (Pittsburgh is a friendly town to begin with.)  Quick cut.  Very nice if what you want is basic.  I've discovered I look damn good with longer hair."  one of their moms bakes cookies and has other random complimentary snacks. Following my last visit "I am a big fan of Cercone's.  I tried out several places in the Lawrenceville and Bloomfield neighborhoods before landing here.  I give this place 5 stars for the quality and consistency of their cuts.  I was a regular of Steve (chair closest to the window); however I heartily recommend this shop to all of my guy friends in Pittsburgh." "This is my favorite place to get my haircut. I never had a bad experience with any of the barbers. I am very particular about my haircut  white hair with glasses did a great job fading the side of my hair as well as took just enough off the top. He asked me how I liked my hair and he followed the details correctly staying with the ""conservative haircut"" I needed; yet edgy. He was done in about 15 minutes and I was out the door. Cash only as this is an old school vibe barbershop so be prepared with cash. My cut was $12 plus tip. I will definitely be back!"  very reasonable prices and great haircuts. Jeff was my barber and not only does he give good haircuts  though even on a Saturday morning I have never waited more than 15-20 minutes or so.  Each time I have been there they have had three chairs going at once and are very efficient at their craft Pro: my hair grows back quickly." "I used to go to super cuts or golden razor (latter is great too I'd definitely recommend an appointment though." Tom performs scissor cuts very quickly and accurately.  The straight razor clean up is also a nice touch.  I've never been disappointed with a cut Tom Papa is the master.  He is a consummate professional and able to cut hair from all styles (including Asian).  He has served multiple generations of residents and hopefully will be for many more years to come.  Very accommodating to medical personnel without prior appointments.  Closed Sundays and Mondays. "This place is awesome.  He was closed but was still there cleaning and took me in for a great old school cut.  I'd tried some salons and was relying on Sueprcuts a lot and hadn't been to a barber in quite some time.  Sure CW4Qx9vk9D1o47Qgld5PLA * Cash only and give this man a proper tip"  I would surely do so for Golden Razor. I must confess that I have a really thick beard and my stubble would surely light a match. Well but it did meet its match out here. The shave out here gives me a sense of hope against the injustice of my beard. Also I have been lucky to taste some home made lemoncello from the house of the master himself!" The barber did a double take when I walked in. I had long hair and a beard two weeks old. He did a great job in less than 30 minutes and was very social and pleasant throughout.  The straight razor shave with all the hot towels and other treatments was particularly cool. I'm going to keep coming to this place because I like the traditional feel and the familiar atmosphere." I just moved to the area and went here for the first time the other day. Tomaso did a great job! I high recommend this place. Fit me in on a busy day.  just a man doing his craft. Every time I go there I'm so happy this place is still thriving." "Had a great experience with Tom! He gave exactly the haircut I needed and is such a great guy to talk to  meeting Tom and getting my hair cut by him just one time I knew this is now the barber for me. He understands all of your instructions and he follows through 100%. Once he's done you will be glad that you came here to get your hair cut."  but he squeezed me in.  In about 15 minutes and with very little direction from me I had the tighest fade this side of the Mississippi.  It was pretty neat just to watch him work.  He's truly a master at what he does and I regret every dollar I've ever spent at those bargain ""value"" chains where the stylists are typically a revolving door of mediocrity.  I challenge you to find a better cut for $14." He takes appointments and even though the man is very busy he will try to accommodate walk-ins but I would suggest you call ahead first." Best barber in Pittsburgh. Tom is always willing to squeeze customers in but it's better to call ahead. I've been going to Golden Razor for over a year and will continue to as long as Tom is cutting! CW4Qx9vk9D1o47Qgld5PLA "Phenomenal. Tom is an awesome man who gives a solid haircut. The atmosphere was nothing but welcoming and friendly. The haircut was superb. Seriously Do yourself a favor and check out the Golden Razor - Tom knows what he's doing and all of the other positive reviews are on the money."  probably one of the best hair cuts I've gotten in a while. I will def be back to see Tom the next time I need a hair cut."  but have been underwhelmed with their skills. Decided to give Tom at Golden Razor a try after reading some of the other reviews and am happy I did.  He did a great job and gave me exactly the cut I needed.  I had made an afternoon reservation and I was in the chair within just a couple minutes of our scheduled time. Tom was pleasant and quick Found the Golden Razor when searching for a barber that also does straight razor shaves. What a great experience.  Very enjoyable conversations and great service. I don't know what else to say.  Dude knows how to cut hair and a friendly guy.  I'm going to keep going to him no matter where I am in Pittsburgh." I used to go to MCN salon until I found this place.  Tom is the man and he does an amazing job."  you'll be glad you did."  and friendly haircut  The Golden Razor is the place to go.  Best to make a reservation as he's pretty busy most of the time.  $15 for a goood haircut is a bargain these days.  I'm never sure if you're supposed to tip the owner of a barber shop  I always feel at home at Golden Razor.  Very affordable and a really good  reasonable (great) price.  I will keep going there methinks."  and listens to how you want your hair cut. He also shaves the back of your neck with a straight razor and the warm shaving cream is a nice touch." My barber for the past 6 years retired. I found Tom at Golden Razor on yelp was pleased with the reviews and gave him a try today. I am very happy with my hair cut and will use Tom again. It's hard to change barbers but Tom made me feel very comfortable and I hope this will be a long relationship. Oh yeah he still charges $15.00. Great cut and a fantastic price! Jared! Nice guy. Decent cut. Gossipy local chair shop. I'm the PICKIEST girl of all time.. I've been going to Jared at Yolanda's for almost 2years. He has transformed my bleached hair into beautiful long blonde locks.. Hell tell me no to certain shades of blonde in order to keep my hair at its healthiest. I lo e him and HIGHLY recommend him for blondes and trims and minor cuts.. He always does just enough.  only to find that the salon was closed. Both the sign on the door and the listed hours on the website state that Yolanda's tanning side is open until 8pm. I'm pretty pissed that I wasted time driving the whole way from Monroeville to Bloomfield for nothing. I've spent money on (multiple) tanning packages here "I love this place. I have been going to Yolanda's for the past several years for haircuts. Theresa has been great with me This is a wonderful spa! They really accommodate your needs and are very attentive. The money is well spent and worth every penny! Very professional and yet so comfortable!  I will go back again and try a junior stylist. Parking is conveniently located across the street at the parking garage and they do validate. Prices seem to be on the high end for Pittsburgh but I suppose you get what you pay for! The salon is clean and comfortable. The staff is across the board friendly. Sign up for their email list and get offers for discounted services. Would recommend." Got an amazing facial here. I have been there for a pedicure and massage in the past. It's great.  nothing but a positive experience! Need the right person for your hair? Someone you can trust and make you feel like a new person? Go see Rachel I had an absolutely wonderful experience! My stylist knew exactly how to manage my crazy hair and she chose the perfect cut and color for me (I had a few ideas that she listened to but I pretty much let her have free reign over the appointment)  and I have never been happier with the outcome! I have heard horrible things about how this salon is managed and how they handle customer complaints. My dear friend right now is dealing with the owner of this salon. You would not believe how awful the things they have said and put her through. This is a small community - really poor business skills and treating people badly spreads like wildfire.  who she's been seeing for about 15 years. I've had haircuts and updos from Diane  blaming it on the sign company... but wouldn't you make the sign company do it over (on their dime) if they screwed up the name of your business? Dunno about you Try it out and ask for Mindy or Jess you won't be disappointed!"  but FIRST telling me the perm ""wouldn't soak in"" on the ends unless she trimmed it. Then she argued with me about the rods. It's taken me over ten years to figure out with Aveda perm hairstylists what the perfect combo is. Diane knew better I'll be going to Stonewater from now on." I have also had a pedicure and found it to be perfectly fine.  Nice polish I like this salon. Yeah it's a bit overpriced but worth the money. Staff always friendly and nice. I love my beautician. I would recommend this salon to people for service.  La Pomponnee preyed upon my naivety and (seemingly deliberately) chose the most expensive stylist. This is downright terrible customer service MAg0VhVZ-zU3Ug7dvL3tCQ  I might not...I keep waiting to find a reason to stay.  The price was good enough that I'll give it one more try and update you then!"  she is awesome! I have also gotten a few facials and 1 couples massage here. Everyone I have encountered is always nice and helpful."  such a nice guy. He has great style and great and cutting my hair to fit my face. The only thing that I don't like is that they didn't offer to give me  but that included two haircuts and products  I have vented enough. If you need a real barber or haircut there are numerous other places around here that seem better price and like they have been in business longer than this place. So go there instead is the best advice I can give."  many years I had the same massage therapist. Not any more due to the turnover which raises red flags. I called for an appointment yesterday and was told they could fit me in ""tomorrow"".  Upon arrival I was advised they had me in for another day that was not ""tomorrow""   aka ""today"".  Since it  is quite a hike from where I live  & the only real damage done to my hair was caused by the HIGHLIGHTS that ELIZABETH did. I 100% regret going to La Pomp. La Pomp is HORRIBLE Loved my experience here and will definitely be back!"  especially for blondes. She gives meticulous attention to my color and highlights.  Kim is also excellent at cutting hair.  I definitely highly recommend Kim at Capristo to anyone looking for a new salon."  but Lydia at Capristo has it all! She is very professional while making you feel comfortable. She explains everything step by step while making you crack up. I don't think I would ever go elsewhere! She is fast and makes the whole experience almost painless! The Solon has recently been remodeled so it looks great and clean. I would recommend her to all my friends :)" Best pedicures ever.  Ask for Lydia. But I'm going to be returning there soon.  They do waxes "I went to Capristo today for the first time! I was floored by how friendly the staff were to new clients and that everyone I met knew my name by the end of my visit. I saw Kim today after reading several great reviews about her on Google search and through word of mouth i went here to fix a bad hair cut at the last minute. I came out with a more drastic cut of the one i went in with. I was livid and called to complain. They offered me nothing. I don't recommend this salon- my stylist had no talent and no comprehension of what i wanted.  beware that you can't put a tip on your credit card  and overall the service was not as good as a couple of months beforehand. I've heard more consistency about MCN salon's services and it will be at least 10-15 bucks less than what I'm paying at Capristo without the attitude. Also I've also gotten a haircut here that was really disappointing given the price My girlfriend and I had planned a couples massage for weeks. 1 hour before our massage the Spa called stating they wouldn't be able to do the couples massage because they made a booking error. This is after two confirmation calls previously in the week. Terrible customer service will never book with them again.  plus dealing with a computer that was going all wonky. I was offered coffee and water more than once. The coffee is good. This is a busy salon  that I think many of the patrons don't know about because there's usually a spot open when I go." VJe-sf7dBY6GRGO6TcqzTA Totally recommend Sara and Shelly." I have been going to Tom for haircuts for the last 10 years.  NEVER disappointed. Just got a massage and facial with Heather from my living social coupon and she was great!  One of the best salons in Pittsburgh by far if you're willing to pay a little extra and feel like you've earned the experience as a client of theirs.  was really friendly. All of the staff were genial and helpful. They weren't pushy about scheduling a next appointment or products. Overall I would definitely recommend this salon!" FYI: The photo attached to this account is NOT what my hair looks like now." I have one Living Social coupon left for this place ($30 for gel mani and pedi seemed like a great deal so i bought 3) but now that I've had two bad nail jobs from two different girls "I just moved to Pittsburgh and was looking for a new person to cut my hair. I gave Melissa a try and I could not be happier.  She was able to see the shape and length I was after and I think she is very in tune to what the customer wants.  I was impressed by the way she listened to me and even asked questions if she wasn't sure about something.  I would give 5 stars to Melissa and 4 stars to the Salon just because I don't love the cramped layout. I would highly recommend Melissa to any guy looking for a fresh All in all the atmosphere of the place is really great. On Wednesdays they offer their customers free martinis which is an added bonus. Parking is great because the salon has spots reserved right in front of their building so don't pay for parking in the garage that's near it."  I don't like new people doing my hair. That combined with needing corrective coloring made me very nervous. I was pleasantly surprised  Shelly gives the best brazilian waxes and Lydia does wonders for your eyebrows.  Shelly is quick and thorough on the bikini line.  Lydia really takes her time and shapes your eyebrows well.  I would recommend these two any time!! "I had 2 living social coupons for this spa for mani pedis that i bought so that a friend and i could go together when she was in town visiting. I called three weeks before i needed the appointments and they couldn't get us appointments together so I ended up not using them. I've called several times since then and it seems that they are always booked for mani pedis that are at the same time.  I called today 9 18 to see if i could get in to use them before they expire. They had absolutely no appointments and refused to let me use my coupons the next week though I  ""could use them as gift cards and pay the difference."" The lady made it sound like they were doing this as a customer service  and almost painless Brazilian. Even in awkward positions she made you feel comfortable. She was recommended by a friend and I would highly recommend her to others. This was my first wax and although the price tag is a little high  and I am not joking when I say I got more compliments on my hair than my dress. She did all of my bridesmaids hair and my mom's hair. The 5 girls had completely different hair requests I'm going to start off by saying I haven't tried any services but their waxing which is so amazing (or Shelly is anyway) this place deserves 5 stars on account of her. She is chatty and friendly which really helps since it distracts from all the pain (I'm just a wimp it's not that bad) she is inducing lol. She is really quick and does a waxing service in 15 minutes on me which has taken other professional an unreasonable 30-45 minutes?! I wish I had found her sooner because of all pain I had gone through in other salons. I know the waxing services can get pricey depending on what you get but let me tell you it is money WELL SPENT! I have been to at least 5 other salons in my neighborhood and this is by far the best. "Not sure what star rating to give. Matt for blowouts and Shelly for waxing are awesome. However the vibe here is run down and the front desk is constantly getting lectured by owners and managers. It's happened everytime I go and it's really unprofessional. My mani was  terrible (no cuticle soaking) and only lasted a few days. The pedi (which was not really spa quality) was $50 but it did last. As for beverages  especially in front of a new customer even if I am cool and can handle certain discussion).  He has an assistant for the menial tasks like washing and drying your hair - she was good.  When he was cutting though I'm used to the amazing service I've always received from Above & Beyond Salon in Wexford. Until then I cannot recommend this salon."  but Lydia is the best I've ever had. Seriously she is a goddess of Mercy. It hurt at least 50% less than usual. The place is also super clean." "Lydia is the only person I will ever let touch my eyebrows again. She is simply the BEST. She makes you feel incredibly comfortable and lets you know exactly what shape you can achieve. My sisters both live out of state but since they've seen how great my eyebrows look now The prices are expensive. You won't leave there for less than $100 (with tip) Don't take my word for it? Call Capristo Salon and ask for an appointment with Lydia.  You will NOT be disappointed!"  so they should arrange the next client accordingly right? Instead of sending you away and asking you to come again. Plus it is pricey. ($55 for a hair cut I wasn't satisfied with). MCN salon has cheaper prices - Only one star off for the somewhat steep (but not outrageous) for the keratin treatment So I did NOT get a good impression from this place and will not be going back."  she will definitely be worth the airfare back to get my hair done. I'm that convinced that she's as good as it gets!  She a MUST on your appointment list. You won't be disappointed!   Amanda Radcliff should be your next stylist!" I went here probably around 2 months ago and had Amanda Radcliff do my hair. I went there wanting a trim and highlights... After talking with Amanda we decided to do ombre because it was easier upkeep and would look better with the state my hair was in!! I love my hair now. It's not too crazy of an ombre either; just right. The haircut was a little over fifty dollars but totally worth it because it was one of the best haircuts I ever got. I will definitely be returning! Worst experience ever :(  i did a hair cut and color in this salon i show her a picture of what i want and talk about the cost and every thing she told me it will cost 170 $ after we finish the hair color is soo baaaad its not even close to be acceptable she agree that i need to do it again and the same orange color tone still in my hair. after tow days working for acceptable result  i was not happy for the result she said we can't do more coz it will damage my hair .. The other shock when i saw the bill they almost double the price when i ask why??!! She told me they charge me every time she try to reach the color and fade the orange tone .. They charge me for their mistake .. I go out from this salon with bad hair color and 350 $ cost  I couldn't handle it. The head massage was painful and rough. At that point I already wanted to leave. She then started cutting my hair and actually did a good job. I asked to cut more layers in and it was not a problem at all. Because the appointment was late at night and the light was not the best On another note - I've been going to Lydia to get my eyebrows waxed for years and she's the best in the city.  It's $25 for a wax  but she genuinely cares about her customers even when it's... ehhem... a bit of an intimate procedure to say the least. If you need a wax and you're in the Pittsburgh area "Capristo Salon is my favorite! I am Miss Pennsylvania USA 2015 so it's important that my hair is looking great at all times. I use stylist Abigail Walsh for my cuts LOVE Shelly! The quickest  and most quality waxes ever! Not to mention she is a sweetheart! I will be returning and sending everyone to see her!  I believe I received my money's worth in customer service and quality. I am sure I will come back for future manicures and pedicures  just spoke to someone at Capristo who was very rude. I have an Amazon Local deal that was given to me as a gift and after talking to them on the phone I decided not to go there. I think they probably treat people with these kinds of deals as second class customers." "Amazing updos   wedding hair. The hairdresser for my sister's wedding cancelled a few weeks prior and Capisto was able to get us in last-minute! I LOVED my updo and the airbrush makeup was unbelievable. Although pricey I would join the others & highly recommend Lydia.  I had a waxing done previously that scared me away from it but my friend recommended her & she truly does it with little pain.  She's fast & thorough.  She makes it as painless and pleasant as possible.  On top of that you get a fantastic result!  Much better than other wax only salons!  Even if you've gone elsewhere give her a try!!! Tom is the best! My hair always comes out looking amazing! I love how friendly all of the staff is. Prices are steep but it's worth it! Definitely gonna make it back!  I showed a picture and somehow got an orange ombr. I genuinely feel the hairdresser just didn't know how to do it correctly and just did ombr because I have so much hair. My hair was in perfect shape and after my first hair appointment I cried because of how terrible it looked. I complained and then I had to go in again for her to fix it and it was just worse...I have like 5 different shades in my hair. I paid a high amount of money just to get my hair messed up completely. Never going here again and sad to say they lost a customer :("  I showed a picture and somehow got an orange ombr. I genuinely feel the hairdresser just didn't know how to do it correctly and just did ombr because I have so much hair. My hair was in perfect shape and after my first hair appointment I cried because of how terrible it looked. I complained and then I had to go in again for her to fix it and it was just worse...I have like 5 different shades in my hair. I paid a high amount of money just to get my hair messed up completely. Never going here again and sad to say they lost a customer :(" I go to Roman. I laugh my ass off while getting a pretty excellent cut & color every time I'm there. It's a big space but feels like family. Tommy did my mani pedi last time I was there and it was a jolly good time. Lots of personality at Capristo's. Especially fun for us ornery types. Poor customer service and they were rude. They send you a free blowout for your birthday and then refuse to honor it!! Don't go here!!  and as always it turns out fabulous! I've had bad experiences with hair cuts A great salon experience in Pittsburgh. Johnnie was fab and trimmed my hair exactly to my liking. Highly recommended! "Beth Ann is a great colorist who fixed my hair which was butchered by another area Salon.  Can't give enough stars  and his is the only person that I trust cutting my hair. I highly recommend this salon and especially Igor. The only downside is that it is a little pricey I cannot review color I did not get any color here." CVK9ciUclX3rlMl3X9M_Hw "When I initially called they had no openings.  They asked what other days and I told them I had a wedding on Saturday so unfortunately I couldn't pick another day.  They actually made time for me.  It was unexpected but awesome.  The service was great.  The owners were super friendly.  My stylist  passed down from a couple of generations of chiropractors. The chiropractor that I saw was very nice and started every session in a heated massage chair for a few minutes before privately seeing me in a private room. To be honest  I trust Dr. Tepe and highly recommend him to anyone looking for a chiropractor in shadyside."  I have received great relief from pain and flexibility issues. I have no doubt that my life would be limited by those issues if I did not receive treatment here. Would I recommend his practice? Yes Don't wait until you have a problem. Visit him while you are healthy so you can stay that way." As far as appointments go he is very flexible - my visits are always pretty quick and I never have to wait long. He is definitely very good at what he does and I always feel great after I leave. He is very friendly Highly recommend Dr. Tepe for all your chiropractic needs. My husband is a former professional athlete with constant back pains and Dr. Tepe is able to ease his pains every time. YgPWKeEOgAy4IyEMRxrwdQ A real miracle worker.  The best chiropractor on the Eastside.  Very professional and is excellent at what he does.  has been awesome. Treats all patients with professionalism and listens to your concerns. Never more than a few minute wait Wonderful experience! Grade A+ chiropractor! Highly recommended! Staff is just as friendly. If you're in the area and looking for a new chiropractor stop in!  though I think too expensive.  I was also reminded why I do not typically get my brows waxed in hair salons.  It's not like she did a bad job  and professional! I came in there with a curly mess of long hair that hadn't been attended to in 9 months "Ken is amazing! He is extremely talented and definitely knows his stuff. I completely trust his judgement and suggestions when it comes to trying a new style or length  and stuck me under a hairdryer machine.  Then he had the shampoo girl blow dry it out for the second time.  All in all a really frustrating experience - one of those haircuts where you get back to your car and want to cry.  I got the impression that the salon was trying to be high-end  but styled horribly. When I left I literally looked like I was wearing a wig from the early '90's. Once I was able to fix it myself and style it totally differently than he intended  you get these cards which entitle new clients to a free haircut (and you get a kickback coupon in the mail).  I get so many random compliments on my hair from total strangers that I've given almost all of my coupons away.  That's like one random-person-compliment per haircut  highly recommended!  (Irrelevant sidenote:  weird floor manager with handlebar mustache.  Avoid him if possible.)" "I'm from Los Angeles and am used to haircuts being either really crappy or really expensive. My experiences at Dean of Shadyside couldn't be further from either. A friend recommended it because I go to school in Pittsburgh and desperately needed a haircut. I booked an appointment with Ellie  and both were professional and entertaining. Haircuts have always been professionally done  parking in Shadyside can be difficult.  The packet of coupons they hand out after your first visit is amazing!  A second and third haircut for $10?  Sign me up!  My only disappointment of my experience at Dean so far is that my stylist is leaving the salon.  I really liked her and was disappointed "I went into Dean of Shadyside salon to get my hair colored. My stylist was nice and friendly however that was not the problem that I encountered at this salon. My stylist rushed through the process of coloring my hair as she had another client during the same time as my appointment. In addition "I've been going to Dean's for about a year.  I've had three different stylists (once I rescheduled and once I walked in) and each of them gave me a very nice cut.  The stylists are all experienced and professional.  And the price isn't too horrible  my haircuts were never good.  Mehh at best.  I've been to three different stylists there and only one of them spoke to me while cutting my hair.  That can be an awkward hour long hair cut... And the salon is dirty.  Maybe my standards are too high  but life is way too short. I feel like I dodged a bullet today by walking out. Or maybe he did My only real issue with this salon is the atmosphere. It has about as much character as Super Cuts and operates like a busy factory  I have a girl crush on Courtney for making my hair look so hot. Thanks "I have been trying to achieve a specific hair color for over 3 years without luck. I went to Dean's this past Friday the 5th and saw Lauren. I described to her the color I have been describing to past stylists the same way and she knew exactly what colors needed combined to achieve my base color "My roommate and I refer to Courtney as ""Courtney Copperfield"" because she is a legit magician! I gave her a picture of the haircut I wanted and it actually looked better than the picture when she was done. She also knew exactly what colors to put together to achieve the shade I wanted for Fall. Sadly "Richard gave me the BEST haircut of my life.  My brother even complimented me on it - that's HUGE :).  He's a great hairstylist who has a passion for hair.  I'm moving out of the area  I re-booked for cut and color." "Got my haircut from Valerie who was talented and knowledgable and a genuinely nice person. It only cost me $30 since Valerie is a level 1 stylist (if you want someone who has been at the salon longer  blow dry (with no use of fancy round brushes) and am out the door. It even looks great in a pony for work! I was so stoked I booked a cut and highlight for before Thanksgiving. And got the BF to go for a cut (which he loved!) Thanks Ally!" I got my first hair cut yesterday at Deans with Aliba?  She was really nice and friendly. Before the haircut she asked what I'm looking for and gave suggestions. She even put product and diffused my hair making it look great.  I thought it was really nice that they offer tea and coffee.  I would go back. "If you are into crooked haircuts and terrible customer service  she did exactly what I wanted her to do!  I never make hair appointments far in advance SO bad service.  I was their with groupon and they gave me so bad service. due to 3-4 hours of service I split it into two days. haircut with level I was not upto my expectation and on second day they treat me like left over services. I dint had my conditioning on the first day and they blamed me tht I am lying. Plz dont let yourself feel embaress. Tht stylish was so loud.  and get nothing but compliments on my hair.  Give Richard some freedom  Courtney is great and I'm not going anywhere. I just get a sour taste in my mouth every time I am charged an additional $2 for parking there."  and I'll continue to recommend Dean of Shadyside (and Erica) to anyone who asks."  and she understood exactly what I wanted. I already have the next appointment set up. Needless to say  bring cash to tip your stylist. The receptionist cannot handle tips at all. They do offer a shady ATM that you can use and pay the surcharge  so I asked about that. The guy told me that was a mistake and I'd get $10 credit on my account. The girl today said that  there were no notes on my account about that All in all I would say I feel blase about this salon but I know I will find myself returning there no matter what."  but then I would now be writing about how my appointment took SIX hours. SIX hours! So at least I have something for which to be thankful." I think I'll find a place that's a little more... me."  the owner requests that she repeat her understanding in front of him and the customer. The owner also provided some input of his own and engaged with me. I felt very comforted by this. The prices are average for the area  and felt very very bad! I went home and decided to take a shower and style my hair my way and I LOVED it!! It turned out it was just the way he styled it that I didn't like but the haircut was BRILLIANT! Since that day  kind and efficient. I showed her a few pictures of what I had in mind to part with my shoulder-length curly hair (that had gone WAY too long without a cut) and she knew exactly what to do Love my hair!  I bought a Groupon for a cut and hairline highlights because I was looking for a place that would give me a good haircut.   My hair is naturally curly so I've had more than my share of bad cuts... them they try to style it and it gets worse. Not Dean of Shadyside!  Ally took the time to discuss my the color of my highlights and make sure that I was comfortable with everything before she started (I have only had highlights done once before and they were bad).  The end product was great!   She listened to what I wanted and did it!   This is the first time in a very long time that I didn't leave a salon and pull my hair back.   My next appointment is already scheduled. Summary: Free isn't great when you have to go home and immediately wash your hair and remove the nail polish." It's no wonder Erika quit - she was too good for the place! Needless to say I an very happy with my haircut :) Staff are very polite too.  as each level up is a different price. This is great for someone like me who can't afford to shell out $80 on my haircuts! I have recommended this place to my friends and will definitely return!"  and it will look fine.  Your stylist may be lovely.  But the overall vibe is weird and the service sucks."  40 mins to blow the hair dry and chatting and forgot the moisture treatment. The technique of the haircut is so poor. There is no layer of the cutting and it is not horizontally on the same level. I think he is not serious about what he did. I will not come for the second time. MCN is much better in this sense. You should definitely try to avoid him as your stylist if you choose to go to Dean of Shadyside."  she still insisted on curling my hair and taking her time. I was thoroughly impressed by her professionalism and customer service. I will definitely be going back in the future. Thank you Kira!!"  which wasn't my stylists' fault. I went back a week later and they were so helpful. They gave me great advice and fixed the problem. Highly recommend  the receptionist seemed to be annoyed to have to deal with a customer (even though it was pretty empty). The service was bad and unfortunately the haircut was even worse. I made an appointment with a level III stylist for a trim and left with an uneven haircut! I had layers on one side that were visibly longer than layers on the other side. What's worse is that when I tried pointing it out to the stylist she didn't try to fix it because she said her next appointment was waiting. I do not think their prices are fair for their subpar level of service (and experience). Needless to say Krista is a hair wizard. Not only do I love the cut and colour of my hair I love how well informed she keeps me about everything she's doing to my hair. Her product knowledge is out of this world and she seems to really love making people look good. I would never trust anyone else with my hair.  my hair does) and it lasts for a few days. I highly recommend it if you have a special weekend or event coming up." I wouldn't say this is the most welcoming warm and fuzzy place.  It's not somewhere you go to see your favorite stylist and catch up on the most recent gossip.  It's very professional  always making sure she understands what you want and then executing it well. I have seriously never left the place unhappy - a big turn around from ALWAYS leaving unhappy at other places." I'm disappointed because my first haircut experience there was great. Not sure if my husband or I will be going back. It's too bad She listens and understands my issues and gives me a great cut always! I think I actually like my curly hair now :D" I was not impressed with the atmosphere of the salons either.  It does not have a welcoming feel at all and most of the staff are not friendly!" 17Zp0inFGLaQsxMBapdh4Q "Visiting Pittsburgh for wedding over Labor Day weekend and Dean's was recommended by the hotel for a blow out.  Left the salon thinking hair looked OK  but she was running back and forth to 2 or 3 clients.  way overpriced!!!! - I will take my aunt to Asians or School in North hills." "I have been coming to this salon since I moved to the Pittsburgh area-7 years ago. I originally came to the salon to correct an at home color mishap. I had read reviews directing me to Richard. It was the best decision I ever made! He managed to take my orange hair to a beautiful golden blonde that very day. Over the past 7 years  but I encourage you to let him work his craft. He's a master and you'll love the results and compliments that come with his artistry!" We loved our experience at Deans. We will definitely return for undercut upkeep and manicures"  though: thin and layer my overly-thick hair without doing away with much length. $40 plus tip ... a bit steep for a maintenance cut in Pittsburgh  I think the alleged ""snob vibe"" is confused with its effort to rise about the early 1990's image it presents. Seriously I really miss this place now that I'm in Austin." "Platinum Blonde Perfection.  Jay works wonders and he has given me the best platinum blonde 'do ever.  It was gorgeous.  My hair looked like corn silk.  If I had boat-loads of money (for much less money) got my feet smooth Great salon for hair...not so much nails. My hair stylist Vanessa is great. I can go in without a clear picture of what I want and she gives me exactly what I wanted. I get so many compliments on my hair. So I will never go back and I'm sorry for suggesting this place since I only got a trim the first time I went here and could have had the same cut from anywhere."  and did an excellent job. I would definitely come back here again for a pedicure as they offer an ""express"" pedicure for $28. Granted  we used to go here every Friday after our first (and last) class of the day in college.  It was is a mild obsession- a love affair of sorts.  this is a very cute little place with decent prices and service. eddie is the sweetest stylist AND he knows how to cut curls (he has them). it's tiny and fairly no-frills  friendly and very well priced! Also  I was going in to see Joel for root touch-ups. I told him the first time around that I used toner to create a white-blonde look  and he also gave her an awesome haircut!)" I highly recommend Eddy for anyone with curly hair! I also greatly appreciated the student discount." "The reviews don't lie.  Eddy nailed it!  I have short curly hair and I am extremely picky about how I have it cut.  He got it right.  Better than right  and the environment is welcoming and casual. It's definitely a great place for the more laid back salon goers."  skin and nail artists. There are many salons to choose from but not many that offer excellence. Salon Cercone is a true Shadyside gem."  efficient but thorough. I walked out the door with a great haircut - PLUS I'm writing this two months later so I'm happy to report that the cut has grown in really well (the true test). I'll definitely be back for my next cut!"  I'm so happy with my haircut!!"  but still had large chunks of straight hair in my outer layers. Eddy expertly trimmed off the straight sections and made me look fabulous in newly visible curls. His prices are reasonable as well! Highly recommend. :)"  this place is affordable. A student discount meant my cut was only $36!"  and it looks like an 80s cut. I've seen both Eddy and Gary and they've both done a fantastic job with it. I've kept going back to see Eddy because he charges a little less than Gary 5nEnDOd9zKYa_J5SO56-LA "Michael is wonderful! Haircut looks and feels great. Would definitely recommend Michael is the BEST!  He has been cutting and coloring my hair for over 7 years now.  I get complements all the time.  Michael is a master with color.  Everywhere I went before Salon Cercone I would leave with less than perfect color.  Not any more.  Perfect every time.  the woman left the room and the Mamason came in and asked me if I was the police.  I told her no and that I wanted my money back.  $60 wasted because I never got my massage.  Avoid this place unless you are looking for the Happy Ending." It's a whore house unless you want a happy ending they make it so obvious I have no clue how this place has not been raided by the FBI yet  and candles attacked my nostrils. The thing I hate most about Bath and Body Works is that everything seems to smell the same after the first fifteen products are smelled. The people that work at these stores in other malls always seem to genuinely like what they do for a livling So32N7bSbUd1RwhFtI6jTQ  I was in a hurry to pick up a thank you gift. The store didn't open till 10am but the manager saw me waiting and let me in early then customized a gift basket with the different shower gels I needed. Another employee wrapped the items up in a tissue paper and ribbon while the manager cashed me out. I was in and out before the store was even opened. Instead of being stressed out or running late Next time I'll do a little research for a barber shop and possibly won't feel so bad paying that much for a haircut."  and forced her to send me back to the waiting area while she worked on a customer AFTER my name on the list.  Her demeanor and tone during this whole nasty experience was inexplicably hateful and openly aggressive.  It is the single worst experience I've ever had trying to get a haircut.  I looked around the waiting area that now represented an additional 30 minute wait (at least) on top of the half hour I had already waited since checking in.  I walked out and went across the street to the Philip Pelusi salon in the Waterworks mall.  It was a couple dollars more expensive but I got a fantastic cut "I have been getting my hair cut here ever since I was a little kid. Actually my whole family has. Both Lee Ann and Mary Ann are skilled in cut and color for both men and women "Great value for the money.  LeeAnn is as skilled as any stylist you'd find in a high end salon but she does it for a fraction of the cost.  She will work with you to find a cut and style that works for you and strives to give you exactly what you want.  Highly recommended!  She accepts walk ins "I have been looking for a lady Barber....and FINALLY found a great one. Not to say she only does short hair...she is great with all cuts!!! LeeAnn at Village Clipper Barber & Style in Belmont! Nicest lady  but their customers patients lives I hope to never have to fill any type of medicine here again!" Worst pharmacy in the history of pharmacies. Plan to wait for atleast 15 minutes on a good day to several days on a bad day. The staff is rude and store is usually very dirty. Had prescriptions with to few a pills and had them filled with the wrong medication.  and things generally go pretty smoothly. A drop off prescription takes anywhere from 15-30 minutes and picking up an already-filled prescription is pretty immediate. I really have no complaints. It's not perfect  but the waxing was $20 and then they add automatic tip on there so it came to $24. There are many places less expensive or where you get more for your money."  the Spa at Ballantyne is pricer than some of the other upscale spas in the area If you are used to a special experience and you feel you deserve to be pampered and be made to feel good  I called last week to book our appointments only to find that the director is no longer with the spa. I left a message with the spa manager and after several days she has yet to return my call. I guess the good service left with the director." UPDATE #2 - spoke with the new spa manager and she promises a great experience for my friend and me. I will update. Update # 3...OK we went for our 'great experience'. It was ok. Massages themselves were good-to-great. Nothing else was improved. No follow-up from the manager considering the situation. I promise you that you can find something better to do with $175.  a shampoo blow dry and a manicure. The only thing I enjoyed was Brenda who did my body wrap she was awesome! My massage was with tym. He didn't listen to anything I said. I told him I am on my feet all day and I have back problems so I would like him to focus on my back and to please not rub my feet. He did the total opposite. He maybe rubbed my back for 5 minutes ad did my legs and feet for the rest and the time. Then told me one of my legs were shorter than the other and I should get it checked out. I'm sorry but that was so rude he could have tried to say it nicely. The lady who did my blowout was very sweet but my hair was still wet at the roots when I left and the ends of my hair was fizzy. For $40 I expected so expected something a lot better. Lastly I got a manicure I didn't need more than a buff and polish because I get a manicure once a week anyways. But I saw if I got an upgrade from that I could get a massage in that so I did. If I would have known that ""massage"" would have just been putting lotion on my hands I would have not paid the extra. The ladies at the mall do a better job. Needless to say I am extremely displeased with my services here. (Besides Brenda) Maybe because I am a service provider myself so my exceptions are high. But next time I pay $420 somewhere I'll make sure it's not here."  we could have paid less to a day spa elsewhere and a pedicure elsewhere We're always called back on time (sometimes early if we're there early) and the girls who do our facials are absolutely wonderful.  They work well and always cater to the skin type of who they're working on.  My only complaint is at the end of the facial I had a body treatment that left my skin feeling super soft after the summer. Pricy I am looking forward to trying some of the spa services next time I stay at the hotel.  I was jealous of everyone walking around in bath robes looking so relaxed."  but the meat is your treatments and your service.  In my booked you failed on both."  b c it was a great day out. I ordered lunch and the service was great. Waiters serving water throughout the day and checking in with me often. I proceeded to the spa about 40 minutes prior to my service & enjoyed the steam room and relaxed in the lounge where I was offered a complimentary drink  it was not something I expected at the end. It goes to show you that a borderline rude customer experience at the end can ruin the entire impression of a business. Additionally  sadly that did not happen. The service was below par and did not measure up to the quality of the hotel. I was not told about the facilities available "Love hanging at pool after spa treatments. My wife and I live a few miles away and use this place as a getaway.  We get massages I was very disappointed when i found out that i got charged twice and got 2 overdraft fees because of the spa and the amount was  different compared to the first time being charged also my bf got charged and it was a different amount too. I think this was fraud because they charged our cards different amounts without our authorization. I received a refund a week later from the spa after several disputes." "Great spa!! Had a blueberry facial - felt instantly hydrated which I really needed. They have a ton of options and really helpful I was looking forward to a relaxing day but did not find that here. They missed the mark on the ambiance.  Save your money. Overpriced. The Ritz is a better spa for a similar price range."  the actual spa therapists are great but the people running the spa are clueless! I've been to spas all over the world and have never experienced such a poorly run facility. Both times I have given this spa a try I left frustrated with the staff. Please hire some people with high end spa experience to make this spa what it should be. It really takes away from the experience when those running the spa are not experienced and have no clue how to treat their guests or create a relaxing environment upon arrival." I am a Starwood Platinum member.  I understand this spa is considered a member of the luxury collection with Starwood.  Services between spas are typically the same.  You pay extra for Ballantyne for the experience.  My experience was not up to par.  I arrived for my appointment at the scheduled time as I do for all of my spa appointments.  I was ushered back to the treatment room to change there and my service ended ten minutes early.  At Ballantyne your experience is supposed to start with a brief tour of the spa which ends in the locker room where you can put away your items and change into a robe for your service.  I am also surprised that I was charged for the full 50 minute service and only provided 40 minutes.  I could tell a couple of processes were left out and that the time was cut short.  That is what prompted me to check my phone for the time after the service provider left the room.  I discussed the issue with the desk and they suggested I speak with management.  I called the spa director who made no apologies.  She said it was a policy of there's to cut the service short if a client was late.  However I was not late and I believe at a luxury spa a client should be accommodated in the event they are a bit late. I have never been shorted on a service at any other spa.  I was offered a free full service to return but declined.  This practice is unprofessional and should not be standard for Starwood.  Save your money on amenities and go to a spa with ambiance and great service.  I would recommend Urbana on Carmel. Worth noting....I have been here before but several years ago They do charge automatic 20% gratuity on your bill. I didn't mind at all  be smart about it and use the other amenities. I felt like my money was well spent. I also like that they add the gratuity as it gives me less to think about  as we were  having pedicures we noticed 5 other ladies by the pool area?? So then at lunch we ordered wine and it took 30 minutes. One ladies lunch did not come until it was time for her service so she had to eat at the manicure desk. The last issue was the pedicure promotion of the month stated it came with a complimentary hot stone massage but the provider argued and said only if you also get the manicure.  I pulled up their website while on there and read it. She said they would make an exception. ..how is it an exception when it plainly states on the website?  The manager came over and also said they would make an exception. ..really?!?!  She later came back and advised their website is incorrect but they will honor it. I was hoping for a nice relaxing day (3 services ) but definitely not the relaxing day it should have been. Costs are too high for this level of service!" I got the spa pedicure and spa manicure. It was overpriced and the quality was less than a regular walk in nail place. I would not come back for any nail services and would not recommend anyone use this place for nails. My friend and I came home and immediately had to redo our nail color because there was no quality or care in helping us get it dry so it would not get messed up. It was over $100 thrown in the trash. The decor wasn't the best either the manicure table was peeling and the feel of it was cheap." Looking forward to coming back with my sisters soon!"  and like all the other reviews have stated a tip shouldn't be mandatory for a client. I tip based on performance.  My masseuse deserved more than my esthetician. How is this fair?" I have been seeing Sarah Clark for neuromuscular massages for over a year. She has almost completely eliminated headaches for me. She is very in tune to what your muscles are saying and how to address them. I highly recommend her!! 0UZSHmHhMcvro-mM5hPuoA  but it looked like I'd had it for a month already and it had begun to grow out. When I showed my sister (who styles hair all day) how it was done on that same day  and she passes on her passion to every person who works for her. I am very shocked that there is a 1 star review for this salon because they deliver on all aspects of professionalism. This is the kind of customer service that I look for in any kind of business. I would highly recommend and I will definitely be going back."  I'm normally quiet and don't speak up so I felt like I was already in a good place. She went over what her plan was and made sure I was on board and we went from there! I told her about my hometown salon and what I was looking for from here. She went above and beyond that and even taught me how to do a simple yet very cute everyday style! I can't wait to go back and hopefully send some of my friends there!"  I'm finally home!  I went in (scared to death) for a style-changing cut.  I started with long hair (half-way down my back) and emerged with a sassy new shoulder-length bob!  Modern often gets bad press because of their rather expensive prices but service like this is worth every penny!  The only downside to this salon is that they only accept gratuity via cash or check.  For other debit card addicts out there  filled out the paperwork and in walks my massage therapist.  He brought me into the room and gave me my instructions and left.  I shed my clothes and slipped under the covers of the warmed massage table. David knocked and came in and began what I now refer to as one of the best massages I have ever had in my life.  He used hot damp towels on my back  one quick comment about the price - I know some people feel this salon is pricey. But for my cut and blow dry  or Debbie Nelms for waxing. Must see Tiffany for a massage. This little woman has great hands!" The staff are all friendly and pleasant. The spa (upstairs) is nice and separated from the more chaotic salon and registers. The spa's waiting area is comfy and quiet  FUCK GREATCLIPS.  That is all." There is a central desk that triages all Modern calls so if you are running late it is kind of annoying because you cant just call the location you are going to.  But the desk will let them know right away so it has always worked out....it is just odd that it is hard to get ahold of the your specific location.  Love you Modern!  I always leave feeling pampered and fabulous!  :-D"  and curly. So I found Modern Salon just a few blocks away from my hotel. When I first got there the lady that took care of me was very polite even after she realized that blow-drying my hair would take a lifetime. She scurried of to speak to her supervisor or maybe a more experienced stylist for suggestions on what products or brushes to use. Nikki came along and was extremely knowledgeable with my textured type of hair; she had an amazing attitude not only to satisfy the customer but also towards the not so experienced stylist I9S-4czHzMVfKejCiAuXag  I was pleased with the service (product-related) I received but felt there were some challenges with how the service (customer-focused) was delivered.  Not sure if or when I will return." BTW it's an Aveda salon in case you are wondering." When I got down to the parking garage and my ""validated ticket"" had only been validated for 1 2 the time and I had to spend another $20 to leave the garage. The Manager heard that was I was unhappy with the new girls attempt and sent me a gift card to their salon. A very nice follow up and great recovery. So I would say "I recently moved to Charlotte and have been looking for a good Aveda salon. I googled locations near my office and found Modern Salon. I was able to get an appointment the day of with a junior stylist. I saw Laura and she gave me an amazing hair cut for $36 (excluding tip). I have to admit  you'll have to be uncomfortable because the seat doesn't adjust. Skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure." "I'm hooked. I made a last minute appointment to get all over color and a partial highlight in an attempt to fix a seriously botched coloring.  I showed a picture and explained what I wanted and Laura and Val worked their magic. My hair look amazing and it came out way better than I ever expected.  Also This place is awesome and Gabby did a great job giving me the best haircut of my life!  Pay the extra few bucks to go here rather than get a sub par cut someplace else! Well worth it! Overall - can't say enough good things. Customer service is impeccable here. Would go back in a heartbeat next time i'm in town." Love Modren Salon - my hair is usually cut by either Kenna or Bezash and both of them are wonderful (especially with my difficult head of hair!) - they know what works with me and always touch it off with nice product. The rest of the staff here are very courteous and treat you well. Highly recommended.  and I reluctantly agreed after 5 mins of discussion and him pointing out exactly where my hair would fall after the four inches were removed.  He then had me sign I guess what is considered a contract that I would pay the $230 it would cost for these services.  I pay more with Modern because I am use to getting exactly what I want.  This time was a very much different experience.  He cut two inches off my hair while it was wet and then blowed dryed it before cutting the rest.  He was twisting it and cutting away I never have time to make appts in advance and because if that I never seem to be able to see the same stylist twice. At most salons this would worry me but I've never gotten a bad hair cut at modern! I live in NYC and I try to make it back to Charlotte as often as possible to get my hair done here! "Great place for a men's haircut if you're in Uptown! Olga does a fantastic job on my hair! A little on the pricey side ($31 for men's with junior stylist) but you get a nice little scalp massage and neck shave! Also get free neck trims shaves between visits  I came to Modern for a blow out before a maternity photo shoot.  The junior stylist that I saw did an amazing job.  My hair still looks perfect two days later!  The experience was also wonderful - they include a scalp massage and she spent a lot of time making sure she got every part of my hair to look right.  And she only charged $30!  Which is $10 cheaper than the blow dry bar that did an awful job the week before.  I will only come to Modern for blow outs from now on." Nice spot to find for anyone who needs a quick style while passing through :)"  they validated my parking but whatever they did didn't work in the machine and I was charged $6 to park for less than an hour. This results in my paying $15 I shouldn't have had to pay. I usually go to Modern at Metropolitan  who I have been going to for nearly two years. She does a great job with my bob every time and is super sweet to boot. Highly recommended."  classy and upscale. They'll definitely have you feeling like a beautiful princess (or Prince!!) when you leave!! =D" I booked a 12 pm appt at 10:30 am the same day with Emily at Modern in Hearst Tower.  I had a solid 2-3 inches cut off.  Emily did a fantastic job and it was only $25!  I've never had a bad experience at Modern.  Highly recommend. "Stephanie is amazing. Get your nails done here I've been seeing Olga for a couple years. Besides being a sharp  but I was wrong. Olga NAILED my hair color ( precious people played it too safe) and I loved my hair cut. Plus I was in and out within two hours for a full highlight and cut (once I waiting 4 hours!) Olga was very professional and I really enjoyed her company. She definitely sold me in and I'm looking forward to making my next hair appointment with her!!!"  has not been tested on any animal. But what about everything before that? And then I just got mad. Very mad. Do they think we are idiots? Some big shot at BBW must believe that their customers are totally mindless  but it's a little overwhelming to walk into one of these places.  I usually just hold my breath  it's less congested and it's nice to casually shop without being in multiple people's way." "This is by far the best Bath and Body works in town. The employees are super friendly and the store is super clean. The new bath and body works at the mall is very hard to navigate  but demented.  The girl who tattoed me claimed to be a vampire and played heavy metal during the entire experience.  Come here for simple work!"  from what I understand this is where you go to get your experience in the tatoo industry and once you've perfected your craft you move on to a more reputable shop. That could be totally bogus but I'm leaning more towards that explanation." "My friend wanted to get her first tattoo so I took her to Ink Link. All the employees were very friendly and helped her come up with the perfect design. She got freaked out in the middle of the tattoo session... the tattoo artist comforted her  so you just bop along for the 5-10 minutes you are laying there.  They run great specials all of the time that I receive via email or even on their Facebook page.  Tropical Tan has become my tanning joint of choice - great place!" "I just recently got a membership about two months ago. Prices are a bit high for what they offer I started going there around 2010 after the place I started going too closed after 2 months. Everyone is very friendly and the place is clean and well kept. I have tried many different products and always achieved a nice tan. Products are not cheap but they do run a lot of specials and let you know about them. I had an accident once when I hit my head on the corner of one of the beds. The owner immediately came and administered first aid. When I arrive I am always greeted and always told to have a good day when I leave. Linda and Caitlin have always made me feel welcome as a customer and so have the other employees. GREAT customer service! Not pushy and they are very educated. The Norvell Sunless booth is better than any other I've tried. Only place in the area with Norvell. The very best place to tan in Charlotte!! Great staff. Great beds. Great place to get a spray tan too!  but by the way my fingers bled I'm not so sure about their tools.." "Love my nails! Ask for Kat...she's awesome! The decor is nicer than most nail salons. They have a wide selection of colors. Had a coupon for $20 gel manicure which was a plus. Whenever I'm on this side of town Don't bother making an appointment for this place. Made an appointment for 3 o'clock and sat there for an hour and still didn't get help. Ended up leaving to go to another place. I just had one of the best pedicures I've ever had. The service was great. Incredible attention to detail. I could tell she truly wanted to do a good job and wanted me to enjoy the pedicure and relax. I did! I will definitely come back here. Their business is skin and it started out with Sharon's mother Hannah and now Sharon is in the business. Its a nice quaint place. Not as grand and opulent as the franchise spas but nice and cozy. Sharon explained a lot of things to me so I could understand what she was doing while she was doing it but not too talkative where I was unable to relax. She started out with explaining her background and than moving onto my skin needs and what she recommends for my facial. She took her time doing everything. SHe was so thorough with her massages and extractions I have been going to Palestra to see Sharon for a long time. The spa is extremely relaxing and welcoming. Sharon always does a excellent job. I always look forward to my next appointment. I  look and feel wonderful every time I leave. They are the best. I've had many massages and facials in my life  time and I would have to say she's my favorite!  Very in tuned with the body  the prices are pretty good and I only let Melanie touch my face. She is very educated and makes you feel very comfortable. I normalyy get the express mini and I have gone there so many times they know me when I call. I feel very comfortable here. The atmosphere makes you feel very comforable and relaxed and the facials are amazing!"  but Melanie made me forget wraps even exist! She gave me such a wonderful hot stone massage and was extremely considerate of my preferences throughout - staying warm Husband gave me gift card for facial. I have now been going monthly for a year. I receive compliments on my face which says a lot for someone who has struggled with acne for years. Worth the additional budget item!   and they are extremely knowledgeable about all products. I see Sharon and have always been extremely pleased. I typically go for the facials and chemical peels I've had numerous massages as well as chiropractic treatments but I've never felt better than after my first massage with Melanie. Extremely adept at alleviating pain in my trouble spots and she gave me some tips for improving my muscle strength moving forward. Highly recommended - I will be back.  I am definitely returning for a bday gift (maybe some mango butter).  If you want to support African business  but he ordered it for me. I live for their pink sugar fragrance... Makes me smell Like skittles (lol). So give them a try." I'm a repeat customer here"  helpful and patient with customers who need to browse their huge selections of products. Good oils and soaps. I'll be back. Great Spot!" I have sat with Matt Terry who is insanely good and look forward to having Joey work on me in the not too distant future..." I go to see Hayley there as often as time and budget allow.  She is an amazing artist who deserves more praise than I can give her."  who was busy tattooing someone else. After explaining my idea to him he asked if I could come back another day to talk. When I told him I was not from Charlotte but would be in the area for a few hours and drove there to specifically to see about getting tattooed he took down my number and said he'd call in a couple hours to come to the shop we could talk about the idea and set something up. After 3 hours I went back to the shop and they were closed "Christian and Hayley are rockstars.  Everytime you see someone with an awesome tat in Charlotte odds are they have done it.  Their work is professional and beautiful.  I put down a deposit and was told it might cost more based on the complexity and time but it didn't cost anymore.  Very fair The overall experience was excellent and the price is extremely reasonable. They will not over charge you! I would definitely go back for another tattoo and recommend this place for anyone who wants a tat!" I never write reviews on Yelp.  This is my first one.  I would have rather it been more positive  we were greeted by the wonderful receptionist and met our artist- Hans- who did some amazing work!  All and all it was a wonderful experience and I would definitely go back!"  very nice staff and most importantly my tattoo is FU-@$&!&$ sweet!  I was worked on by Hans. I could not have asked for a more professional  there are photos of each artist's style on their website." Brought a rough sketch in and gave it to Jake.  A few days later when I came in for my appt I was amazed.  Jake had taken my sketch and made it ten times better and cleaner looking.  The actual process was quick and painless and it looks awesome.  I would definitely recommend Fu's and Jake.  I called ahead to see about a wait and headed in. They were very busy with all different types of people getting pierced tatt'ed. Excellent staff and the artist drew exactly what I wanted. If I was planning another tattoo I would definately head back." Thank you Fu Tattoo for completely ruining my husbands tattoo. What was once two initials with a heart is now one big blob. If you can't do a touch up on a customer you need to tell them. Awful. I will make sure to add a picture so everyone can see the work you clowns do. "I actually love Fu's. I've gotten all my tattoos done here and I'm returning for more. Customer service is kind of lacking  GO SEE MATTY and tell him Callie from Cali sent you. He might get upset about Biggie but that's his problem. ;)"  always seems busy and booked in advance.  I've heard good things about the other artists as well and will be back in the future!" "Just got my first tattoo with Jake and I'm real happy about it. He's super good "Fu's is awesome! There are many artists that specialize in different types of ink so choose your artist carefully. I stumbled upon a pretty great one there that is unfortunately moving however I've seen some pretty sick work from the others. There are 10 artists total and seem to always be booked. Walk-ins are allowed but I urge you to make an appt. Everything is clean inside and friendly receptionist lady  we discussed what I wanted and we even proceeded to email back and forth for the next day or so where I sent him pictures of what I wanted. When I got to FU's for my appointment The atmosphere in this place was pretty appeasing for someone like myself who has a low tolerance for pain. I was actually almost tempted to get another piercing or even a tattoo myself!"  was really cool as well and very thorough with how it was going to be and how to care for it. I totally suggest going there! I'm very happy and will go back if I end up getting another."   no guns. Keith keeps a very clean environment. Fu's Custom Tatoos also sports a beautiful art gallery that features a different artist about once a month. Definitely a hidden gem worth a stop even if you are not interested in body art!" Highly recommend Fu's." "All I have to say is Hayley is very talented. I had a great experience here "My girlfriend and I just had great experience with Travis at fu's.   We both experienced him listening to what we wanting "Spent almost $300 on a custom tattoo I found online that I wanted.  Quality is awful (spotty all over after it settled) and the tattoo artist acted like he was doing me a favor by doing it for me.  Overpriced and wayyyy overrated tattoo studio.  Would not go back and would not recommend to anyone.  With a city the size of Charlotte  one by Nathan and one by Justin. Both Nathan and Justin did a fantastic job! I'm coming back for a second!" My recommendation is to be more responsive anytime a customer is having an issue with the service they've paid for."  both big and small. For 3 4 I had Han's do them (he's a master at black and gray tattoos) and Jake did my other one. Whenever someone asks for a good shop to go to "My first tattoo and it was such an amazing experience! Mark was so great I'm just going to say sometimes you have to take a leap of faith and try things out despite reviews. Besides a misunderstanding when it came to the pricing of a specific hairstyle I requested I am more then happy with the outcome. Ask for Sara  but I also witnessed several other customers leave out with styles that they were not happy with. BIGNONS @ S. Tryon needs to really figure out how to braid styles correctly! JAMBO twists and havana twists are NOT done in the same manner as SENEGALESE!! Also witnessed several other stylists come in talking negative about the owner in front of clients- very unprofessional! I will never go to this place again--- PLEASE do your research... BEWARE!!!!" I recently moved from Charlotte to the DMV area. I tried finding someone to do my hair there & wasn't very happy with the outcome. I come back to Charlotte just so Kristy can do my tree braids. She is by far THE best. She takes her time and does very neat work. I love her! So I wanted to go somewhere close to my home and someone told me they were pretty good. Red flag one: lady told me my hair was too slick and short( which is not true) and I need to go smaller 165.00. I decided to listen to her. Red flag two: she started combing my hair with a small tail rattail comb and pulling it. Then the hair she was using to braid with was not divided evenly. As a matter of fact it was all over the place. Red flag three: when she started to braid she stopped in the middle of the braid about three minutes to check her phone. Red flag four: she left and went outside and I had no idea where she was going. Eventually I found out she went to borrow some hair from next door I guess. Red flag five: she checked her phone again. Final flag: she started braiding my hair and it was a mess!!! She told me my hair that was sticking out of the braids would have to be cut! What my real hair. Ummmm lady no! I gave her 20.00 and told her to take it out.  and I feel like this entire salon chain is a scam. I can't wear me hair down because I'm used to my braids being very full. It was a waste of my money. Please do not go to this salon. They will try and scam you for whatever they can. I even told the lady she was braiding awe fully fast in the back. She dismissed my clams  look elsewhere. Took my daughter to this location since it was within walking distance from our house. We waited for someone to say can I help you for approximately 10 minutes. At which point the lady who asked to assist seemed aggravated that we were there and was uninterested in what my daughter was requesting. Needless to say we left and went to her normal braider. This place is a mess."  I told them to rebook her with my younger daughter. Well Saturday arrives and the exact same thing happened. There was no remorse or compassion. These people have a lack of business sense and I am surprised that they have two shops in Charlotte. I immediately cancelled my appointment and called around. I am now at Elom's as they have a much better rating! So far so good. I would not go to Bignon's if you value your time!" Years. I always love how my hair turns out. The girls are great and they make sure you are comfortable. My go to place for my braids plus I refer.." tCKXSlsoLawfhY-CfRTOwg Very professional; worked to ensure I was happy with my hair. I will certainly be back. Was a little late starting but made up for it with fast service I was happy with.  what can really be said? The staff is super friendly though."  "" I'm not going to let any customer ruin my day"" when I asked for a refund for the products that I didn't receive the coupons for that I should have.  While waiting on the manager  always really nice staff and plenty of great seasonal stuff to pick through. I haven't used the Pharmacy as of yet but it is pretty close to my house so I font see why I wouldn't since they have the drive thru. My only complaint I guess  you would call it is the general area. Can be dicey at night and there seems to be plenty of transient folks hanging out in the parking lot." Tip - they do not let you put tip on the credit card  pedicure or facial with any other service I had.  I thought that was a really nice touch and I used it for a pedicure after a haircut on another visit." Any service professional that doesn't understand the importance of customer service will not get my money again."  Mohsen knows how to cut my hair - which not an easy job. Comparable to the high end places my wife and would go to in LA and Santa Barbara. Great to have this level of skill in Charlotte."  so finally I told her to just chop it.  She informed me that I can go back for complimentary bang trim while growing the rest of my hair... how awesome (and economical) is that!  Being a junior stylist  or at least that's what one of the blank expression girls told me."  but she did an outstanding job on my hair. She understood exactly what I relayed to her and went above and beyond in doing a deep conditioning treatment and explaining what we could do next time to make my hair look even better. Sandy is a true professional and really listened to what I was saying about how my hair reacts to different things and they way I like it to look (unlike the other places I had gone  traumatic experience but I would go back only because the salon treated me well and tried to correct it as quickly as possible.  AND I don't think the stylist from before works there anymore. :)" I thought that I'd have a hard time finding a great stylist and a great place to get haircuts She washed my hair and cut it how she thought would best suit my lifestyle  is so nice and always does an amazing job!  The front desk staff have always been nice as well."  the front desk service was mildly disappointing." It was a financial ""treat"" for me to attend this hair appt; and what a waste of my money it was. I won't be back." David Garabowski is the best hair stylist in this part of town... super interesting to talk to as well. He's knows tons about classic literature. Nice place here... Reasonable prices and good service.  barely any lotion. The description of the services I scheduled versus what we received were different. Be sure to clarify when you arrive in case the central schedule department this salon uses for all its locations messes up."  she does an great job with cutting and coloring hair and her scalp massages will put you to sleep.  But.... she's stays booked  she paid attention and actually did it! She has awesome style tips and offers great suggestions for your future appointments - which is perfect because I always want something different. Her knowledge is very helpful if you are trying to ""ease yourself"" into a new style or color. I will definitely be back. I just hope she's not too booked up! :)" "Modern Salon is fantastic IF you go to the phillips place location. Some of the other locations are not as professional as this one. Cuts are fairly cheap but getting color at modern is very expensive compared to other salons.  I would usually say the price is worth it I absolutely love Modern Salon. Sepi cuts my hair and does an awesome job! I'm pretty particular about the way my hair is cut and Sepi is a perfectionist. Which I love. I've been a client for over 6 years.  I am frequently asked where my hair is cut and have even had people take pictures.  I have a short hair cut - which is a lot more technical of a cut.  Miriam is the best! This experience was customer service at is's best!!" I live in charleston but make the drive just to go to her. She truly is a professional high end stylist!!! Would recommend to anyone!!" I have been going to Modern Salon & Spa in Phillips Place for over a year now and have been taken care of by Lacey specifically. It has taken many salons and many years before I can finally say that I have found the best. I love the atmosphere of the salon and there is absolutely no one more talented than Lacey. She is an absolute genius when it comes to color and gives the most perfect cut. I don't even have to tell her what I want anymore and that kind of trust is priceless. Love this place and LOVE Lacey!!!!! I had Great experience at modern salon spa.  terrible. Heather was the best. She pampered me and gave me the best cut and style. Also for how hard she worked her price is super affordable. Thanks Heather!"  sad-looking ""boutique"" items for sale in the waiting area has taken the 'spa' from sophisticated to trashy. I'll continue coming here as long as my stylist is here  color and highlights Vicki was great at explaining the highlighting process and guiding me in the right direction with color. I was looking for something more exciting and brighter for the summer. Both ladies did an awesome job and I'll be back soon!" "I had a great experience at Modern. Sudi was a total professional. She was quick and precise with the wax. Also Myumi always does my nails and is amazing. She is fast and really thorough.  She is also sweet and I enjoy talking to her.  Highly recommend. Stylists are all licensed contractors and the salon runs itself in a clean professional manner ..." If I could give 0 stars I would. What an awful experience I had with this salon. I confirmed two appointments with Debra Hughes on the evening of June 9. Just to get a text from her an hour before me and my daughters appointments for the next day. Even after I mentioned that if she could just take care of my daughter since her graduation was the next day. So needless to say I had to find another place to get my daughters haircut. I would say that this is the most unprofessional person I have encountered. She did not have a solution for the problem at hand. Needless to say some people don't think outside the box. Is this a one person salon that cannot resolve an problem like this? Liar!!! Get your story straight if you are gonna lie. Look at her reviews on FB. I see others calling her out with her responding that she didn't even make an appointment with them."  because it can't get any lower.  I made an appt a few days out and a lady named Debra seemed very confused about the scheduled appt time  I would!!!!!  Absolutely fantastic Majella!!!  She perfectly understood what I wanted and didn't want! Thank you!!! I had a big change in hair and she did a fantastic job in cutting and coloring them! I recommend."  and not overpriced. I was not disappointed. The staff was very professional and not rushed. Many friendly regulars walked in while I was there. Will definitely return if I'm in town again! $20 well spent." "I've always had great service here. There have been a lot of changes to the space recently to make it more relaxing. The staff is polite  if you are offering ""discount"" for customers paying in cash you have no reason to be a snot! Give me a break! The 2nd time I had the same snotty tech and she was just as expected-snotty! The pedicure was a joke and they basically do a quick rub and no true callus removal at all. The dryers they use for the gel manicure are old and trashy and have a handmade taped cardboard piece in the middle of it to help you place your hands correctly so that the gel actually adheres. Well guess what My only complaint about the pedicure is I wish the massage lasted longer." I got a manicure and had my eyebrows waxed from Bella a few weeks ago and it was great! She was sweet and did a great job. The location seemed clean and I went on a Monday and didn't have to wait even though I didn't have an appt! Love this place! The prices are great and if you pay with cash it's a few bucks cheaper!  They take their time and the polish last! I've been coming here for years. At least 4 and I've always loved it until today. This is the last time I visit this establishment. "I have been going to Nick since 1985 I moved out of state and still come back just for a cut and color by Kim."  plus he is a military veteran.  Wonderful person and personality!  *****" Horrible...have walked in albeit without an appt and they act as though they're doing you a favor letting you be their customer...Avoid at all costs..you're better off going to Great Clips or even the deli @ Harris Teeter...  where they don't move you through like cattle.  Will gladly continue spending a couple extra dollars here than go elsewhere." Walgreens on Albemarle Road has really went down hill even more with managers care more about employees and customers they have no respect they don't answer questions about drugs medication don't bother calling the corporate office they support their bad behavior of store managers talking about liars this company will lie to save an employee and that too is supported by corporate management I've been with this company 20 years time to move on I will not be far of this devilish behavior that's why Sam Club and Walmart is picking up a large quantity of customers better service less expensive drugs . Went shopping here yesterday customer service girl here I believe her name is Shannon was superb checking out not only did my walgreens card save me some money but she also had coupons for what I purchased and she swiped that as well..so I say thank u.... Make an appoinment with Jay coldest one "I received an ""ok"" haircut and when i called to speak to the owner he was full of excuses. Walk-in customers will be treated with less effort than existing customers."  the prices are definitely worth it. Being originally from NY it is hard to find a good Barber Shop." The receptionist here was a younger fellow and he was nice (I have an idea why this high school cat chose this job).  My friend says that she will come back I tanned here before my wedding and honeymoon and am currently getting some color for a vacation to Maui. All the ladies that work here have been helpful and very friendly. When I'm done tanning I will put my monthly membership on hold and lock in my monthly rate for my next cruise. Customer service and cleanliness comes first then comes all your damn closing chores... if yall can't handle it then get another person to just do closing duties."  and told me about a special that I hadn't heard about. I was very impressed with the whole visit and am looking forward to going back.  I'll probably be purchasing a monthly membership based on my experience." - The salon is next to Starbucks - head over five minutes early and grab a latte!"  I've tried three area hair places -- no one is Craig. I'll be making quarterly trips to Charlotte for Craig to continue doing my hair. I did find a local salon which sells Kerastase Price ranges for services run the gamut - they are willing to work with you though - just ask!  :-)" "Totally enjoyed my experience with Craig at Uptown Retreat.  All of the staff were very friendly and eager to help.  My friend and I were both in from out of town and scheduled two blow outs and one cut.  Craig was my stylist and Davis did my friends hair.  Both guys did an excellent job!  Craig you 'get it'....hair length Save your time and frustration and go somewhere else." He did come highly recommended by a friend who loves her hair so I guess it's just your taste in hair styles or how picky you are. If you are picky I recommend going someplace else where they will take the time to listen to what you want and not have 2 other people waiting to have their hair done while you are getting yours cut. The place was very nice and he was super friendly  quick and friendly staff but my stylist wasn't fluent in taking care of relaxed hair. I had gotten a new hairstyle and had washed and blow dried my hair at home and just needed my front curled which was about the width of my forehead to about an inch above my eyebrows but my stylist gave me the same job I could have given myself at home. So after $15 and a tip I stopped at Walmart and bought me a new $7 curling iron and now do it myself."  in some lighting it is BLUE GREEN.  I called the salon and was told to come back and they would add a gloss.  I told the manager that I lived 6 hours away and asked for a partial refund so that I can have my hair redone.  I think this was more than a fair request.  I was told I would receive a call back but have heard nothing.  I cannot recommend anyone doing business at Uptown Retreat Salon.  I made a huge mistake." This Walgreen really is conveniently located at the intersection of two of the busiest streets in University area.  This store is 24 hours a day 7 days a week.  This store is getting old and the employees seem as if they are really tired of working at that place but they are nice.  The pharmacy staff are slow always!!!!  This store is not setup like your usual store but they have a lot of what you need.  being open 24 7 is a plus at least."  employee politeness and prescription availability. Went to Walgreens early in the morning (3am) and they where not able to fill a script because of it being written for the same day. Kinda makes being across from a hospital and having a 24hr pharmacy a waste of time. Children get sick in the middle of the night. How are you not going to dispense the medicine? Where not talking controlled substances here! I don't know that I would go back again." There is nothing to set this place apart from Is my point across yet? Very slow service with employees who seem to hate their jobs." This Walgreens is dreadful to go to. The staff are rude and treat you like you're a nuisance. I waited 30 minutes to pick up my medicine and they told me it still was not ready. 1 hour later I came back and waited 45 min again. This medicine was new for me and I had a lot of questions.. When I asked to speak to the pharmacist I was told he was too busy. I switched drug stores immediately after this experience. I highly recommend avoiding this drugstore. "Horrible customer service. On hold for over an hour... then hung up on I called to see if my prescription was ready and see how much it'd cost. After 45 min of holding I just went to the store..just to find out they don't accept Tricare. They move super slow and weren't helpful at all. Overall this place never gets too busy so the wait is never long. They keep their stations clean after every haircut... did I mention ESPN constantly running all over the place. The stylists are also pretty knowledgeable in sports as well."  it's a great 20 minute getaway from the regular work school life grind.  And Awesome place if you like your hair looking like you are 8 years old. Disappointing. Ashley did a great job on my hair and I am very happy with the result. On top of that she is actually happy to be working here and her positive attitude carriers over into her customer's experience. If you are tired of over paying for your haircut give this place a try." I actually pass 3 or 4 other haircut places on my way to this particular SportClips.  They are awesome!"  engage with your friendly stylist cosmetologist (just learned that word) and prepare for the following: your wife to text you about how good you look  friendly and professional staff. I like their haircuts they do a fantastic job." 5NB7CV6j8vwQst7dRl2W8Q "Just got a haircut here since I had randomly received a coupon for  $6.99 haircut and hadn't had my hair cut since leaving China in Dec. 2010 (max price there is $1.50-2.00).  The door has a lot of instructions on it and cell phones are not allowed past the check-in counter.  The people were welcoming and relatively friendly as they 'put you in the system.' Hopefully  but that is most likely due to visiting on different days.  Another acceptable experience and the hairdresser was pleasant.  I'm hoping I'll get a third coupon in time for my next haircut.  I was told that you can arrange an appointment online in advance and There was no wait at 3pm on a Saturday.  I paid in cash and got $2 off.  My hair cut was to my liking and she made just the right amount of small talk. "Big mistake coming here.  You're better off grabbing a pair of fiskars and doing it yourself. They definitely do not know how to cut hair. Will never return No cards accepted...only cash or check"  in and out in 30 min.  Need I say more."  no foul language permitted here! I've been going here for 9 years religiously. Always good conversation at Gary's. A little bit like a step back in time. Worth every penny and every minute. Great place."  and nose hair trimmed. Nose hair freaks out the female hair hackers who work for the cookie cutter hair salon chain stores."  very affordable. I have had my hair cut by 3 different barbers there and have been very happy each time." This is easily the best barbershop in Charlotte." If Gary ever decides to retire and close his shop that'll be it for me. I'll never be able to find another barber shop like this one. I guess I'll just have to shave what little hair I have left and call it a day!" "Just came down from CT and stopped here due to the great reviews on Yelp. They were call spot on "I just got a fantastic haircut from this barbershop. This was my first visit  I say fantastic job Great Clips! No need to go spend $80 for a couple of inches to be chopped off." West Town Market - Please work with L****n and her customer service if you are going to employ her." "What a great shop. My family has been coming for several years. All the ladies here are so sweet. You can check in on line to cut down on wait time. My daughter They are very professional and friendly. The cost is great compared to the health benefits you get for not tanning in the bed. I have recommended them to many friends. I had one that was in a wedding and needed to fill in a farmers tan  for the first time.  I felt anxious the entire time.  I was in my thong and there is a teenage boy running the desk not 4 feet away!  I hurried and dressed when my session was over and came out of the room to find the boy having a conversation with a big guy that could have been a bodyguard just lounging on the couch.  I honestly couldn't get out of this place fast enough and I'm usually not one to write reviews but wanted to warn the other ladies.   I'll gladly pay the extra fee and sign a contract at ultra tan again!!!" "This place is family run and a great place to tan.  The reviewer that said the place is creepy is clearly an idiot.  The guys and gals at the front desk are extremely friendly (as long as you're not a creeper trying to run in and out as fast as you can).  I would suggest this place to anyone.  Just a heads up if you like the stand ups  great prices and fantastic service! Unfortunately my husband is military and we have had to relocate a few times in the last couple years. Of all of the different places and different states I have tanned this is Definitely my favorite tanning salon by far! I'm Italian and olive complexion and I can not even lay the full time in the turbo beds because they are so great! New bulbs  but they are hot. Probably some of the hottest beds I've been in. The staff is incredibly friendly and the owner is refreshing. The packages are available in 3 levels and you pay as you use them. No contracts Don't expect great results no matter how much money you spend.  Kim will only try to talk you in to more treatments and when you get little results there is always an excuse.  There are several places in the Madison area that offer similar services and actually spend time with you versus allocating the smallest amount of time possible in order to make the most money.  It's similar to an assembly line.  I recommend that you shop around.  when I complained I was informed that this was actually my fault for not following their recommended skin care regimen.  6 months later I went to a dermatologist who prescribed triluma.  1 10th the cost  and that's exactly what happened.  The results exceeded my expectations and I'm very happy with it.  The worst of the dark spots are completely gone.  I still have some lighter brown spots "Brittney is my stylist. She is efficient and pleasant and fairly priced. My wife and kids go to Amanda. Amanda is great with the kids and my wife trusts her to treat them well. She is very patient with our 5  clean atmosphere and the therapists and aestheticians are awesome. Only giving 4 stars because I had a bad experience with an eyebrow waxing several years ago with an apprentice and have never booked an appointment for a haircut as a result." If you looking for a great place This my second massage with Trish.  I went in all bent over and achy and came out standing tall.  When the hour was over my body was screaming for more.  I have had massages before with other therapists but there is just something about Trish that works magic.  She has limited hours because she has another full time job but she is worth getting in to see and have her work her magic.  Very therapeutic for me. I love the staff and the atmosphere.     always ready to offer a cup of Java? I have used different styles and aways love the results! Just wanted to update and add another shout-out for massage therapist Trish. She's the best! In town for a wedding.  Eric did an amazing job on my hair.  Staff was very friendly.  and my desperation to find something better than the corporate salons (cost cutters & supercuts mostly).  Also Dick and Arnie's happens to be right up the road from my house.  Ka cut my hair.  He was very cordial and paid great attention to detail.  The prices were as low at any place I've been  or whatever other chains are out there now. While it doesn't have all the amenities Great old-school barber shop. I'm in and out in 20 minutes and the price is right. Ka and Lisa both do a great job every time. The best haircuts I've ever had...and they hold their shape for a long time."  Dick isn't around much but Ka and the newest barber...can't remember his name...is very good too.  I've been using them for about a year and haven't had a bad cut yet." The first time he cut my hair I got the official  ""wife seal of approval"" when I got home.  That hadn't happened at any of the other shops I've tried over the years - I have tough hair to cut and she usually cringed when I came home with a new haircut.  I haven't gone anywhere since."  just a very good cut at a reasonable price (20 with tip last time I went)"  decorates the place for almost every holiday throughout the year: St. Patrick's Day I've found my barber!" I called in and made an appointment for 1:30 giving me plenty of time to get my haircut and make my massage appointment 1 4 mile down the street.  I show up at 1:25 and someone is in George's chair just starting to get their hair cut.  When I walk in nobody says anything to me so I sit down and wait.  At 1:45 (15 min past my appointment time and still no one has said a word to me) the guy is still getting his hair cut and he is not even close to being done.  So I tell George I can't wait any longer because I will miss my other appointment.  He tells me we still got time to hang out a little longer.  At 1:50 he finally decides he doesn't have enough time to cut my hair.  You are supposed to be hair cutting professionals.  You should know how long it is going to take to cut someone's hair.  If the person before me showed up late for their appointment why should mine be pushed back? or When I walked in why not tell me hey we are running 30 minutes behind can you wait?  Instead you say nothing absolutely no common courtesy nor do you care that you wasted an hour out of my work day with this.  Someone at Dick and Arnies explain this to me WHAT IS THE POINT OF MAKING AN APPOINTMENT IF YOU ARE NOT GOING TO STICK TO THE TIME SCHEDULE?  I AM A BUSY PERSON AND DO NOT HAVE TIME TO SIT AROUND ALL AFTERNOON FOR A HAIRCUT!   Needless to say I am in the market for a new barber. I have been getting my hair cut every month for the last few years by Ka at Dick and Arnie's Barbershop. He consistently does a great job. He takes his time even if there are people waiting. It is a good idea to make an appointment even though they take drop-ins. Men's Haircuts cost $16 and usually take 30 minutes.  only $16 for their standard haircut which is pretty much on par with the cheapo places around town but infinite more value here.  My only qualm with Dick & Arnie's is that they accept cash or check only so be aware of that before making a visit.  I fortunately had some on me but it didn't sound like an ATM was terribly close and in 2014 I'd much prefer to use a card.  Other than that  however the top I requested to be left long 3in off maximum. She took off about 6 inches made me look like a five year old. You know the unstylish generic cracker haircut!  I hate this haircut and I hate the fact that hairdressers are so bad at men's haircuts especially in wisco. I will not be returning"  there's definitely something to be said for a good barbershop haircut if you're a guy (or want a masculine haircut) vs. the salons. There's no extra chit chat like at a salon (my sons HATE the small talk) and the ""haircut vocabulary"" is straightforward when you tell them what you want (you have to learn the vocab first I came here following a student. On trial basis. It's kind a small place but very calming....havnt figured out why yet.  You feel spoiled here. I only get my hair done here but planning to use other services soon. I noticed that other clients as well get great personal services here. It's nice to see men come here as well. "Tracy gives the best massages - deep tissue.  She is hard to get an appointment with because she is so good.  But it is definitely worth the effort to get in.  If I could afford it "Jen Reid is an awesome stylist!  She does such a great job with my color and is the ""brow-whisperer""." Talent ? When you are carrying the above listed items all in one basket At times they also have some nice selections when it comes to seasonal items such as Easter  NO MORE day trips to the Middleton Walgreen's!!!" I visit this Walgreens often since I work in the neighborhood. The employees are always very polite and helpful especially the 2 gentlemen and young woman who work the registers during the evening hours.  (I wish I could remember their names).  Get signed up for their rewards program....there are great deals to be had!  but it is easy enough to punch in your phone number while checking out. I don't bother trying to use the actual rewards card. Having the ""Walgreen's"" off brand items definitely helps you save a little money."  and then I could feel it for a few hours after. Within 2 days it looked and felt healed (I'm sure it actually took longer but no discomfort or redness after 2 days). Much better than my last experience with a dermal anchor at another facility that never quite healed properly and the jewel came off a few weeks after getting it done. Price might be on the higher end for a dermal anchor but you get what you pay for there. No complaints." I got my belly button pierced here. Was worried about the overall cleanliness and professionality about the place but the piercing expert there was very professional about care and procedure. I have no desire for another tatoo so I can't rate on the tattoo service.  I have been back for my ears that closed. The guys here are very nice and sterile. They are always friendly. I find them to be a huge help when I can stop in and get my piercings changed for no charge since I got my bling holes here. I always leave a tip. Being a newbie to WI I was skeptical about public enemy because I only asked the locals in town and got mixed reviews. I'm glad I went in and checked them out myself. Worth it! I love this place!"  but I am not going to look for a new hair salon. I seriously can't let anybody but Nicole to do my hair. She also does an excellent job doing nails and waxing. I totally recommend this great place."  and even an undercut. She has blown me away with every single look! She makes sure to accommodate your wants needs ulw4AUddco8iXjxAw9uAZw The young lady who cutted my hair would only rush and not take her time at cutting my hair. She does an okay job at cutting but needs to take the effort to do better. But the place is aright but as usual these people aren't professional hairstylists. Only know how to cut western style hairstyles.  affordable and wait times are not long. Everything is always consistent. They have always done a nice job!" Have been going to MCV Salon for more than a year. Always excellent service. Corina is friendly and energetic.  I always get a fantastic haircut.  Very well put together shop.  a hand massage while my hair was conditioning and an amazing cut all for the low price of $33! I already have plans to make it back. Thank you for being so wonderful!"  which is very high.  To not take credit card tips at this price point is ridiculous.  I was embarrassed that I have to come back with a cash tip for my stylist." "My experience at McV Salon was excellent. Staff is professional  I made myself home at MCV and have a regular hairdresser who makes my life easier and less stressful. Every four weeks for a trim. The convenience and little text message alerts and reminders that MCV send to my phone to remind me of my appointment are helpful. I have a tendency to forget or not write appointments down. Oh and Kirsten does an amazing job. Such talent.  Highly recommend" The only thing I don't like is that you can't put a tip on your card. Half the time I forget and have to run and get cash and go back."  I will NOT be going back to MCV again.  If my hair ever grows back to a reasonable length I have been a client at MCV for about 7 years! I've never felt let down; I always receive the best service and love the highly qualified stylists they employ. MCV really goes all-out in its treatment of clients; their care and attention to detail really shows. Highly recommend!  after some time certain portions of the service started to slide.  Also treatment to certain former stylists by the salon left a really bad taste in my mouth.  I now only buy my product here.  The last time I purchased my product I was treated exceptionally rude by the front desk.  She was completely uneducated on product and even more uneducated on the computer system.  I have been an Aveda Pure Privilege member for 10 years Updated review: Been waiting 45 min for my haircut appointment with no acknowledgment." "Friendly and knowledgable staff.  Always a positive experience.  Tip: Don't forget to arrive a few minutes early and grab a latte at the coffee shop next store before your appointment.  However  as a technician. I have a pretty good idea of what the job entails."  I still need my drugs!  Glorious drugs!  So instead I sit in the drive thru for 30 minutes with all the other people who need scripts but don't want to chance going inside."  but I would recommend Rebecca Lynn Studio to anyone looking for a great deal on great service.  As of 4 13 they were going to be closed for 10 days to remodel  too.  She will definitely be going back there for any future hair appointments.  Actually "Just visited for the first time. Dan is fantastic!! Great service and great price. I'll be back...you should go "I can't say enough good things about this place.  I've literally never been happier with a haircut - and I used to work at a high-end salon and have had a LOT of haircuts.  Dan is friendly and listens.  I told him how I wanted to look but that I wasn't sure quite how to achieve it.  I told him basically what I was thinking and told him to make a few executive decisions.    Result: Best  friendly people! Not to mention my girlfriend's hair looks great! :)" "We discovered this place when my 4 year old gave herself a haircut and she needed some additional help.  It happens to be conveniently located down the street from us and was recommended by a friend.  Turned out to be a good experience.  They are very friendly I was looking for a place on the east side and came across Rebecca Lynn Studio. I had a great experience with both my haircut and eyebrow waxing. I am certainly going to return for follow up visits. My stylist spent a lot of time on both a new hair style and reshaping my brows. It was an excellent visit and I highly recommend the salon. I had a great experience here! Very friendly. Very informative. She made me feel comfortable and able to say what I want my hair to look like. I will definitely go there again! Highly recommend.  they only take cash or check." "Received a great cut! Dan spent time beforehand with photos and really understood what I wanted to achieve. Studio had nice feng shui. Parking was free and directly across the street. Great prices  Dan has a 7 day guarantee & fixed it up no problem!"  thank you thank you! :)"  Dan is very professional and patient. He let me address what I want and gave me some suggestions. Then he made sure I understood every sentence he said. It was a really great experience. If you are an international student in Madison So impressed by the professional service and obvious knowledge of the people who work here. Dan did a great job fixing a pretty shabby highlight job I got from a friend. Definitely my new go-to.  so I had a different newer gal. She did a great job on cutting my hair and giving it back some shape. She had nearly finished the cut when I mentioned that I would be willing to go a bit shorter. She was happy to do that even though it made her have to practically start over." Pricey and bad quality service.  I immediately had to re-do my hair upon leaving and did a much better job myself with products from Sallys.  (and for less than half of what I was charged..)  Bottom line:  Dont waste your money or time at this salon. I created a yelp account to write this review.  I came in for a trim that I had scheduled the day before.  Only one stylist working and no receptionist.  After waiting for her to finish up with her client the stylist informed me I had no appointment.  She checked the computer we found my name written under the wrong day and time.  She was not very apologetic for my inconvenience and nothing was offered to me to insure my return.   I will advise my friends and family not to visit this salon. If I hadn't moved I'd still be going!" Only 4 stars because you get what you pay for at Ananda." Oh...  the stylists name is Violet." I am always greeted warmly and offered something yummy to drink - well worth the cost."  the customer service when I was trying to check out was horrible." "I paid $45 for a manicure and it was not good. Nice employees  although they need to have a better waiting area (only 2 chairs shoved in the corner like an afterthought) and it would be helpful if the receptionist would ask to take people's coats (there is a coat rack  but the reason I go here is EMILY.  I've been getting my haircut by Emily for two years and I will not let anyone else cut it.  Every haircut is always met with enthusiastic approval from my wife and Emily goes out of her way to make me feel great.  I know - all of this is probably strange coming from a guy - but men can be picky too.  Bonus points for the Aveda pomade clay for men that works really well and lasts for quite some time." I have enjoyed my experiences at the Hilldale Anaala salon. Jacqi cut and colored my hair to perfection. I also received a pedicure that was ok. You can tell the girls don't enjoy giving them so it's not as relaxing as it should be. I also agree that there should be better seating while you wait for your stylist and there should be blinds up so people can't see you looking a mess while getting your hair done. I like the over all feel of the salon. The stylists don't talk to you much. They talk to each other a lot so it doesn't feel as personal. Which is ok for some people. I think there are areas that need to be addressed to make this salon a better experience but I will go back to see Jacqi for my hair cut and color. Go see her.  I am much older than her and didn't like being addressed as ""sweetie"" each time I brought up a concern- very condescending and unprofessional. The last cut was way off from what I wanted so decided it was time to move on. Found Kelly (owner of Reprise Hair Studio  frizzy hair and she gave me the perfect haircut for my hair type.  She also showed me how to style it easily and quickly.  I will call her the ""curl whisperer"".  My hair has never looked better I love this salon.  I moved to Madison about 6 years ago and was having trouble finding a salon I liked.  A year later I got lucky and have been going here since. Easy appointment making online or by phone. Different levels of stylists at different prices for a haircut (typically for most Aveda salons). Stylists are usually punctual with appointment times. My old salon did a bit more in terms of services that accompanied a haircut (head massage  it's close to my home and work so it's super convenient to drop in for a facial wax when I end up with some free time in my schedule.  I usually have good luck getting in with a couple of hour's notice or even as a walk-in  but the end product hasn't been great. I had a shellac manicure that chipped after three days. I've never had a shellac manicure chip - they always grow out first! My leg waxing was super quick and painless "So I went to Anaala for some partial highlights.  I told the stylist that I wanted the highlights to be natural looking but when I got home I saw that they were streaky and did not blend in with my hair. So I went back for her to put toner in to make them blend.  At the salon we looked at colors and she pointed to a light blonde she would use. I thought toners were darker usually and rinsed away with time so I pointed to a darker blonde I thought she should use. She said that would ruin the highlights and that she would keep the toner on longer Not impressed by the lack of professionalism of the stylist who didn't show up for an appointment I scheduled a month out. Was offered half off my next cut if I scheduled and decided not to having had such scheduling issues twice now. The salon has great potential and I will sadly not be returning.  very thick hair was in serious need of some layers to lighten things up. It's been a long while since I've been this excited about a haircut. Everyone at the salon was kind "WORST WORST WORST!!!.....The place called ""Great Clips"" is a hell where the blunderers offer their pathetic service of cutting hair. This place should be closed or boycott by everybody. I got the pathetic haircut ever. The cutter did not even try to understand my requirement and when i stopped her in between she very smartly said ""lemme finish and then u will see"". And what i finally received was a cut that resembled nothing but grass. All standing straight  given what I went through. I would not recommend going here. The price isn't even right  I walked around the corner so I could see what the stylist I requested was doing.  I realized that she was cutting a person's hair that walked in about 35 minutes after I arrived.  The reason that I am upset is because the manager could see that I had been sitting and waiting for 40 minutes or so. Nobody even bothered to ask me if I was waiting for my appointment. I walked out and they definitely knew I was upset.  I gave them my phone number so we will see if they call and attempt to rectify their poor customer service." Overall this spa has the most flexible packages for massages I've found.  And their first-time massage price can't be beat.  But don't expect a 'spa' experience."  my manicurist went MIA when I was in the nail dryer and I had to find another manicurist to fix one of my nails. Other than that  neat and attractive to the eye.  I will return." The atmosphere and decor are OK - not a complete spa feel  they are clear). As one of my hands had already been dipped they told us that actually they don't offer the gel service there and there must have been some confusion. We should have left then "ALL of  the stylist Ive seen have now left as well as the majority of the front desk staff. The place has gone down hill!  That being said the salons prices far exceed the experience!!!! Its decor is horrible. Paint is chipping off the walls Kevin the massage therapist is great. Listened carefully what I had to say and took care with my shoulder. Amber the receptionist is also great. WfeA7PurZdBOPXcGB27vEA  talking or laughing. They should maybe make that more of a quiet space with notices that people are in session.  Nothing Ellen could help though!" The Ultimate Spa and Salon is the only place I'll go to in Madison for any spa needs. It's definitely not cheap I LOVE Ultimate! A friend referred me to Alyssa and she is who has done my hair for the past two years! She's great and always makes me hair better than I imagined. The salon is nice. Other reviews say they are pricey but you get what you pay for. I get a paraffin dip and neck/scalp massage when I get my hair done. I'm not sitting there all day like other places. The front desk is very friendly and I even get mailed coupons for discounted services. I will be going back as long as I'm living in Madison. :)  but they have someone for everyone.  Ask to be matched up with someone that will suit your style and character."  I would like to add that their phone staff have always been delightful. So that and the limitations of yelp are the only reason they get a star.  I will update after I have my service  she looked FABULOUS!  I was very pleased with how it came out.  It was pricey to have it done The next morning I went to Tempt'd (2 blocks away) where I had a great experience in a fun  I had long locks and I wanted it cut between my chin and shoulder with some swept bangs added in. I wasn't positive about color. I feel the professional should know which colors would look best with my coloring. After some helpful suggestions Extremely disappointing first time visit. Showed up for my appointment and they told me that the massage therapist called in earlier in the day. They were nice enough to call me earlier but didn't actually leave me a message to say that my appointment was canceled. Thank you for wasting my time today. QseK4W6BwKsyDd36ksxeew Michael gives you individual one on one attention which is a nice change from other salons.  He does a nice consultation for what you are looking for.  I recommend him highly. I have been to many salons in Madison. Michael is the most skilled stylist I have found.  I have stayed with him for several years. His cuts really hold shape and look good as your hair grows. And as an added bonus you get to see the work of some of the best local artists.  and $20 for a haircut *this good* compared to $40 at the last place I used to go was just amazing. I have now converted one friend to using this as their main place and I'm working on another as well. Please check this place out!"  and resume cutting.  I felt like she knew the hairstyle was not looking good so she kept cutting it shorter and shorter to see if she could somehow make it look better.  I told her the shortest length I wanted was chin length but the back of my bed was cut like a boy's haircut.  I had to go to another hair salon (Regis in the mall) and the hairdresser there was horrified at the uneven layers and honestly told me that she could even out the layers but I would need to wait for it to grow out before she could attempt to re-style it.  I'm left with the worst haircut (not even a style) and I would not recommend anyone to visit this place. Spend a little bit more money and save yourself the trouble and disappointment."  such as eyebrow waxing. Cheap and didn't mess them up Never ever go this place again."  and left with a shag haircut. Not sure why the lady who cut my hair didn't understand what trim with long layers meant; we discussed it beforehand.  She easily cut 2 (!!!) inches off of my hair.  I am very very very unhappy.  Also  you'll get stuck with the other Red Hair employee (usually a non-Korean man and changes from time to time). That won't be a good move because he won't be able to give you the haircut you're looking for. That's why I usually had one of my Korean friends make the appointment for me."  or is my 6th sense not working well enough to notice all the ghosts occupying the seats? Clearly they don't want my business! Are my wavy locks not worthy of your ""for straight spiky hair use only"" scissors? I want a neck massage! I want to feel sexy! Very disappointed and hurt that my business was not accepted here."  shampooing for free. Now...the bangs. You need to specify exactly what you want to prevent them from butchering them. I don't know what happened  so do not feel like this place is only for Korean-speaking people. She always cuts fast and very stylishly. I normally just go in for the standard crew cut with variations here and there with length of top and sides  parking is difficult" Love getting my haircut here!  It's only $25 for a women's haircut.  I'm pretty picky about how much my hair is layered and I've never had a problem here.  Make sure to call in to schedule your appointment ahead of time during the school year because she's usually booked two days in advance.  but not if you want a quality haircut. My favorite part us that she cuts my hair while its dry so I know what it will normally look like. Yes "One of the fears with moving to a new place is not finding a good place for a haircut. I am so lucky as to find Red Hair on my 2nd day here in Champaign. Sue and Kee are absolutely amazing  the assistant (who doesn't cut hair) and the new hair stylist.  I've only experienced haircuts from the owner (with pre- and post-styling with the assistant). I'm not Korean One of the best in champaign area and the hairstylists are wonderful and nice! I would highly recommend this place to anyone who needs a nice haircut! One of the best in champaign area and the hairstylists are wonderful and nice! I would highly recommend this place to anyone who needs a nice haircut! Got a haircut this school year here and they definitely messed up my bangs pretty badly. Overpriced and never again especially for female haircuts. So dont go here no one speaks proper english and messes up with your hair"  which seemed strange. They took their time and listened to what I wanted. They washed my hair before and after I had my first haircut at Red Hair today and it worked out much better than I anticipated. The barber is highly skilled and easy to communicate with. Definitely will come next time.  and the customer service was poor.  It was not worth fighting campus traffic to get there." I went for lip and eye brow waxing. They are by appointment only. She did a great job on them and she really listen to what I want. Did a great job on my brows specially. I would go again. The people working there are very cool and they help y a lot!"  saying I took my old one there. I don't think I will sell my integrity for a 20 bucks ink. Ridiculous mean!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Staff was friendly and they had what we needed." the birthday cake eminems were on sale but they were disappointing at best Doug and his group are a true Champaign treasure and you owe it to yourself to experience what truly gifted people can do."  and unbeatable for injury/soreness treatment and prevention. If you have a chance to have an appointment with Doug  as are the other staff I've worked with.  I would recommend checking out the staff pages to see their specialties and choose an appointment with the professional who can best help out your particular needs.  Strongly recommend." It was okay. A good massage but I wasn't impressed. It was a little hot in the room. I asked a deep tissue and got just a regular massage.  but my first is still my favorite.  The color has held up nicely over almost 10 years.  I'm hoping to travel back down to Champaign for a new tattoo from Mark of Cain!"  quick piercer who is no-nonsense and gets the job done immediately. The second place I've tried on campus I have several tattoos from Nick and they all turned out great. Amazing freehand work. Very cool staff. Very happy with my tat still...7 years later Good Price!!! Nice design. "This was a great massage!  You can tell he is very knowledgeable and experienced.  He is super professional which is important since he is a male therapist and I am a woman  he'll have you fill out a questionnaire afterwards so you can offer any suggestions.  I'll definitely be referring Glenn to my friends and look forward to setting up my next appointment with him.  His prices are also VERY reasonable.  Also  the best hour massage I have ever gotten. Both of us were so relaxed and just felt great after. We will be returning..today lol. Our appointment is at 3:30 and I can't wait."  so I could relax instead of thinking of Celine Dion. I will definitely be back and recommend to all!"  Glenn gives you a no-frills massage that will leave you feeling better than you ever have.  It is obvious that he has been doing this for years "Glenn is super professional and do everything to accommodate his clients. The massage is great. I am his client about one year "I recently had a prenatal massage with Glenn as I received a coupon from CISaves for Mother's Day. It was my first time there Very relaxing!!!! Glenn has the magic touch to make all the pains disappear!!! I used a CiSaves that I got as a gift and when session was done...I booked my next appointment!!! Glenn has a lot of training and experience. I had some lower back nerve pain and I walked out of there in no pain! "I have a few friends who get massages and they encouraged me to get one and find out how wonderful it is. I got a deal through CI Saves for Body Therapy Center and I was not disappointed. Glenn made me feel comfortable and then gave me an excellent first massage experience. Note to self: do NOT plan on doing anything productive for at least an hour after visiting Body Therapy Center. I came away feeling great If you would like to have a real professional do permanent hair removal for you by electrolysis  or even call me back. Come to think of it I don't think she ever even asked my name. I waited outside in freezing January for 15 minutes because you can't even enter the building unless she lets you in. Needless to say I was none too happy and gave up." I had friends that would make the drive from Chicago just to get their haircut here. And I think that says something..."  but their prices have gone up ($40 for a cut from Rebecca) and I finally felt like they didn't want my business any more.  I had started going there when it was owned by Stephen and his partner (originators of ""If we can't make you look good  the less they seemed to want me there.  The staff was less friendly and uninterested if you weren't super hip and funky.  I just wanted a good cut  I love my hair long so I was afraid that change meant getting rid of a lot of my length.  Step in: Abby from Ippatsu.  She gave me a terrific cut that looks great curly or straight and the bangs she gave me were exactly what I asked for!  I am a new convert and haven't been this happy with my hair in years.  Thank you I'm gonna miss this place so much when I move :("  and there's a super cute chihuahua that roams around named Roxanne wearing pink. I think she's the owner's dog. It was a nice distraction to have around :)" Rx3CmXgtY335QhdIN2u_1g  but it does the job. I'll probably go here again next time I feel like splurging though."  i have grown to LOVE ippatsu over the last few years.  I have gone to Doug throughout my time going to ippatsu and he is absolutely incredible!  I have never felt so comfortable with someone cutting my hair!  I could easily tell him to do whatever he wanted and would not feel nervous for a second.  I would highly recommend the salon If you're looking for a new salon  and she does really stylish haircuts. I myself am very indecisive about what to do with my hair. Each time I receive great advice from her and I have not had any haircuts there that did not get the attention and compliments of others. The place has not match in CU."  I am in my early 20s but am a self-admitted dork. I am a far cry from being scene. They were always happy to have me there."  and the color was just meh. I found it overpriced for what it was and am still hunting for a great salon. I don't think it exists in Champaign." I am also not impressed with a grungy atmosphere and loud music  but I think next time I'm gonna try this lady at Roger's barber shop in Champaign instead."  but am quite pleased with the outcome. He took his time cutting it and was very thorough. I have curly hair that I wear both curly and straight. I've styled it on my own now and I like the way it looks both ways. I definitely recommend him to people of all hair types. He also has some kind of certification in cutting curly hair." I've been so impressed I'm using ippatsu for my wedding!" Ippatsu rocks my face off. Rebecca is the stuff dreams are made of. Period. Many people complain that the environment and staff in Ippatsu seem pretentious.  I admit many of the hairstylists might seem a bit intimidating with their unconventional hairstyles and tattoos  but I did not. And the bad service I experienced will keep me from coming back."  on this occasion I needed a haircut somewhat quickly due to an interview and Jake was booked for weeks.  I asked for the receptionist to recommend someone who was comfortable cutting curls and she made me an appointment with Kate.  Kate barely said 5 words the entire time Quit being cheap people and get a good hair cut!!"  it's easy to spend an hour with him. He taught me how to use the products at home and make my hair look as good as in salon. We ended my cut with a hug. Wherever Doug is  skill & passion for his art is just amazing. I look forward to our visits - very fun & relaxed. Much more down-to-earth than one might expect from the downtown vibe.  Plus  I have naturally curly hair that tends to go all Roseanne Roseannadanna if not properly sculpted.  Judging solely on other reviews of Ippatsu  the salon was a sauna! They couldn't be bothered to turn on the AC even though it was 85 degrees out. I saw the salon's thermostat at a staggering 92 degrees and my body was sticking to the chair. The other stylists stared and awkwardly eavesdropped while I was getting my hair cut. Overall  utterly butchered it. She cut it so that there was huge amounts of volume in the sides and a narrow V at the back. It literally was meant to destroy my appearance. Awful  learning of this from their voice mail message.  Early the very next morning Bob called and got me in with Doug later that morning.  Doug was wonderful.  He encouraged me to continue growing my hair out p.s. Don't forget that they've moved to their new location on Chester! :)" P.S. I HATE to spend money-- especially on haircuts. I believe the extra expense if worth every penny."  and the people ... they are so helpful and really take the time to make sure you are getting something that will work for you - your personality "Jamie Marlow is the world's best hairstylist.  There is no one I would rather go to.  She does exactly what you want and works with you and your hair.  My favorite thing about Jamie as a stylist is that she'll never try to do a cut on you that wouldn't work with your hair.  She's really good at different hair textures and won't just manhandle it into submission and give you a style you'll never be able to reproduce at home.  She also won't tell you what you can and cannot do with your hair.  She makes it work.  Jamie listens  is simply outstanding. I'm just grateful that they've taken me back when I've been foolish enough to try another salon. It won't happen again  tis place is absolutely not at all whatsoever overpriced. I was charged $40 and tipped an extra $10 for an excellent first attempt with difficult hair. In Chicago I was paying nearly $90 for that kind of consistency (which in the city can run you upwards of $150 a cut). I was in and out in less than an hour with a style that I didn't want to wash out as soon as I got home. It's your hair  stylists who listen and do a good job. But I finally found it! I love my new hair cut! Amy did an amazing job! She's nice and friendly and was able to give me a beautiful trim. I'll definitely be going back." I really liked my haircut and will certainly go back if I get the chance. Even though it's a bit pricier than I would normally pay for a haircut  I forgot to buy something before they ran my card. I can't be the only one who forgot to pick up a bottle of awesome before paying."  I called up Ippatsu (via a recommendation from a coworker) and made an appointment for a hair color with Johnathon. I went from a dark blonde to auburn and I absolutely love it! Johnathon was friendly  and (most importantly) they're good at what they do. :-)" The environment is inviting and friendly." Rx3CmXgtY335QhdIN2u_1g  chill and relaxed. Overall fantastic experience and I highly advise anyone to go b" I asked for a basic color service and the stylist burned my scalp. I went back to the salon to let the owner know about my experience and she was beyond rude. She refused to speak to me about my concern and threw a refund check at me. Never again. Go elsewhere! I got two piercings here and a tattoo while i was at U of I. They were clean and really professional. QttMncfha9jK3XLp8MZjAw The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because I haven't actually been here to get a tattoo (yet) so I can't speak on their behalf in regards to that "I'm also surprised by some of the negative reviews posted for New Life.  I thought that everybody was really cool and professional.  They helped me come up with some viable options for my ideas that ended up looking way better than my original thoughts ever could have.  People need to realize that tattoo artists are professionals and are far more informed on what will and won't work in body art than the average customer.  From my experiences at the shop  I'd have a hard time recommending another group to go to for tattoo work. If you are searching for serious tattoo work to be completed by creative professionals  there's nothing else to say. This is just the place to go."  and has had bad a experience each time."  all three times I've been there. I've had two piercings and two tattoos done (all by Lunchbox) and they were very professional and clean. Neither of my tattoos or piercings got infected and neither were painful or difficult to heal QttMncfha9jK3XLp8MZjAw  especially if you get a cartilage piercing. Only thing that I even thought twice about was the price - piercing plus the sanitary salt spray (optional) was a bit expensive. Otherwise  and I highly recommend it.  I'm sorry that anyone had a bad experience Lunchbox lives up to his reputation! My roommate and I went to get our tattoos together and he did a fantastic job! He was very nice and funny which made the whole process go so much more smoothly. I would definitely go here again (for my next tattoo)!  its hard to knock this place down and I really don't want to because the people here are really nice and know what they're talking about. I just didn't have the best experience." I will totally be going back for any other piercings I want." Very clean and professional." "We ended up at New Life Tattoos after walking out of No Regrets because they were incredibly rude jerks and said my idea was dumb- we were getting memorial tattoos for my triplet miscarriage.  Lunchbox could not have been nicer to me Lunch box is the GO to guy! My friend amanda took me with her one day to get her tattoo touched up and he did an amazing job. I saw him do a tattoo on another friend. I got my tattoo fixed by him from a guy who fucked mine up during a touch up.  My tattoo is great and im super happy with it! I like 3 hours away but its sooooooo worth the trip! I will definitely go back and get a tattoo done by him from scratch!!!!  hes always friendly and funny as well! Very clean and over all a great experience!  both of the piercings he did have keloids and the backs are so tight on the earrings I can't unscrew them. Probably going to take them out if they don't completely heal by January. I'll go to No Regrets this time.  I've never had keloids... Ever and he probably should have not even repierced them (due to the build up of scar tissue)... But that dude is beyond proud/stubborn. Avoid this dude at all costs."  he was not pressuring at all. He walked me through the steps. The place itself is very interesting. Art all over the walls and on the ceiling. It was very very cool. The minimum is $80 which is great considering they are right on campus. We would definitely return. Thanks again for the awesome service & tattoo."  reasonable suggestions to make sure your tattoo looks its best and holds up over time. I always know the next time I want to get a tattoo that I can count on them because of their quality and professionalism. I know Im in good hands with them whenever I go there and that they'll get it done efficiently and beautifully. Anytime someone asks where to get tattooed I always point them in the direction of New Life. I can't wait to have them put another amazing piece of art on me."  and was out the door within 30 minutes. Everyone was super kind and made sure the tattoo was exactly what I wanted before doing it. Lunchbox did mine  and I finally found a fantastic one!!  Debbie took me from over-processed hi-lights to a fantastic auburn and I couldn't be happier!  I also got a great brow wax.  Finally  I've still somehow gotten some awful haircuts in my tenure.  I've been going to Ali at Hairbenders for about a year now  she missed quite a bit of hair that was to be removed.  That sucks.  I pay to get waxed so I DON'T have to shave  even for guys. They totally listen to your needs and you end up walking out feeling good.  I would say for a place on campus it's one of the best you'll find in town." I have been going to Debbie for a little over a year now and have never been let down.  The prices are reasonable for the area and service is great. The staff members are all very friendly and it has always felt welcoming each time that I've been there.  Getting a haircut and styled runs about $25 for me.  I've never had trouble scheduling an appointment for when I've needed to The stylists are nice and friendly. I love the joke one plays on me when they ""That will be a million dollars  it is very clean and nice! Tracey did my wax and I will definitely be going there again. She is a nice lady who knew what she was doing. She did a good job and was very clean always using new waxing materials!! If you are looking for a good establishment and a good wax bring your hair self down here!"  the better experience you will have. Tracy is great!" "Last semester I went to a chain hair place on Lincoln near Cafe Paradiso and got the worst hair cut of my life. Today Good cheap hair cut for men.  I had a wonderful modern hair cut and used to get haircuts at Mario triccoci and Aveda in the past.  I was happy to find out that Donna trained at Aveda and came here.  For good cheap modern haircuts you can't go wrong here.  helpful staff always makes you feel welcome. Never a bad experience. Tracy rocks!" "I'm a young male who just wanted a pretty simple haircut w/ no styling A fine haircut in the C-U area for cheap means I'll be back in about 45 days for another one."  fast haircut. Great location near campus. $11 Tuesdays  but I thought I would give it another try because I was low on cash and time. So I went to the cost cuttery by Green and Neil. I had to wait about 20 mins but that was expected for a walk in place. I had Stephanie cut my hair. She was friendly and gave me a pretty good hair cut quickly. I was surprised she could do it so quickly because I have thick long hair. There was no wash or style but I saved myself about $20. I would go back for a cut again. If your looking for just a cut with no bells or whistles then I would suggest getting your hair cut here."  but welcomed me to the city--it was my first week and I was just trying to find local places to handle necessities that I needed taken care of. Not only all of that  friendly and affordable.  They do a great job and I have no complaints.  Keep up the great work."  they know their stuff. Very affordable and stylist keep up with trends." "This location is awesome. The people are always friendly and Stephanie is very skilled. She managed to cut an identical haircut that I got in California that cost $60! Not only is she friendly and talented Melanie and all the other stylists at the 10 E. Green are a great staff and the main reason (besides getting an excellent haircut and good advice) that I keep returning to this location.  but I recommend calling before going. Just to make sure they'll be available."  fixed a very botched haircut I had gotten the day before at a different "I was attracted by all these positive reviews on Yelp so I went there for my haircut. However it was such a disappointment. My haircut was cut by a very young lady seems like apprentice. She had no idea what to do "Best barbershop in the phoenix area.  Go to Vadim...he is like the michael jordan of cutting hair! 16 bucks and some change with a military discount. Straight razor lineup OtDcALEX6-LfEOQE0QgHYw  but I will explore other options first to see if I find something better."  great atmosphere. I will probably return again." "My husband got the worst haircut ever today from Jackie. Right off the bat she started shaving his head too close and too high on the sides and then cut it way too short on top. When my husband said ""This isn't what I asked for"" You owe it to yourself to give it a shot I grew up going to an old school barbershop and this has definitely became my spot since moving to Phoenix." OtDcALEX6-LfEOQE0QgHYw  and knew scissor cutting well. The hot towel and straight blade neck shave was a nice touch to finish. Check it out if you're looking for somewhere new!" This place is absolutely outstanding the service is exceptional especially from Vic and Willy who are masters of their craft and you get a big screen TV a complementary soft drink and a wonderful big comfy chair to sit in I would recommend this place for any gentleman who needs a wonderful haircut I'm not going anywhere else from now on." """Boybershop"" bring your boys in for the full treatment. Omar did a great job trimming up our 2.5 year old!" A pool table. Reminiscent of a bye gone era. Best cut I've had in years. Thanks Omar Hands down the best hair cut I have had....I have been coming here for 3 years now and the level of service is unmatched by any other place I've been. Issac is the man here but everyone does a great job! Great first time experience at a barbershop! Had tvs playing espn while you wait and had a lot of guys working so it wasn't that long. The guy who cut my hair really took his time and did a great job. Will be back! Would definitely recommend this place Omar has been cutting my hair for a few months so of course I would cone here for my wedding haircut.  He never lets me down! "I'm writing this review on behalf of my husband because he won't get his hair cut anywhere but V's.  Even on a busy day "I've gone to this place a few times now and will not be going anywhere else.  The barbers I've had are very skilled. Nothing is worse than someone messing up your hair.  What I like the most is they don't rush you in and out like a normal hair place does. They take there time and even sometimes have some good conversation if you want' so there could be a down side about waiting. But don't look at it that way because believe me when it's your turn   and ESPN on all of the TVs. Thank you David for the great shoe shine." "Very misleading and deceptive. Trying to submit a schedule appointment but system is down. Called to arrange an appointment and Eddie said ""just come in we're slow today"" I show up and he tells me he's booked! Not the way to earn someone's business and I'm a loyal type of consumer that tips well. Oh well take my business elsewhere. Not worth driving 20 minutes for this type of treatment."  and haircut.  I paid the same price but there was no shampoo or shoeshine. The place was crazy busy and I'd recommend an appointment or you'll be waiting a long time.  I'd probably go back but only get a haircut and not add on anything additional." "I am have been looking for a ""real"" barbershop for a while. This place has it all. Good service and always an amazing haircut. Don't waste your money anywhere else."  the barber sat down his friend from outside of work before me. Never again will I get an expensive lousy haircut from this joke of a barbershop. Last but definitely not least  not tense or awkward like a lot of barbershops when you first walk in. Sports on the Tv and a warm towel to end a great first experience  they messed my hair up so bad I had to seek other options. V's is right around the corner and I can't believe I waited so long to come here. My haircut was on point and it was the same price as sports clips!" I finally got a haircut over an hour later. Great cut but the shop could use better management." OtDcALEX6-LfEOQE0QgHYw "I'm basically an upbeat positive person...but some days I'm not my normal corky self. I arrived at Perry Monge flumoxed and in a bad mood--a special event meant that all nearby lots cost $12 for parking. Spending $12 for parking is spendy for a day in San Francisco...but in Phoenix for an hour? Please. I mentioned this to the poised woman at the check-in desk who said that next time I should park in the lot at their building where they validated parking. She then brough out a yummy iced tea for me to sip while filling out the new client form. I went to the bathroom The  massage before the shampoo is standard and more than once I've fallen asleep.  Once a couple years ago  and ""trick"" you into buying something you really don't need just to boost their commission sales. Jennifer hasn't the foggiest notion how to properly complete a man's haircut. She neglected to trim the sideburns "I absolutely love Perry Monge Salon!  I have been going there since 2004 and it has never disappointed.  The entire staff is friendly and makes you feel right at home.  Marina is amazing with hair...I only wish she could style my hair every morning!  The extra perks beyond an amazing hair cut are the chair massage before your wash and the hand massage during your cut!  I spend 75% of my time in Dallas and 25% of my time in Phoenix I'm still in love with Aveda and I'm now in love with Perry Monage."  warm) and the people who work there.  Patricia is awesome managing the office and always recognizes my voice when I call.  The facials from Brittany are wonderful and I get constant compliments on my hair.  Well worth the extra dollars for the extra care and expertise!" Excellent Customer Service...Outstanding Hair Cuts...The best in Town! "I love this place! The customer service is second to none. The front desk staff is always friendly and helpful. I have a great hairstylist I highly recommend Marie Luce Og03_vbBCVAFNHXgdflRLw  cut and styled my hair as well as plied me with champagne AND did my makeup.  I am not from Phoenix but if I was I would never go anywher else."  This is not your average salon where you go for just a cut. I got a hand massage and a back massage. The owner Perry is there walking around talking to all the customers. The ladies are all friendly! Even if you don't live close by this salon it is well worth the drive."  I used MariLuz (sp?) as my brow stylist. She really brought out the best in my brows  the stylist lathered on a lot of artificial flattery and tried to pressure me to buy a bunch of unnecessary over-priced random products.  But all that I needed when I left this place was a new pedicure--which I gave to myself with some drugstore polish.  Never ever again will I go here!  Absolutely horrible experience."  the work lasts and your hair leaves healthier than it did before."  and I always feel taken care of. I tend to be picky but vague as to what I want (indecisive maybe!!) but she sees right through that and makes my hair look fabulous  and the iced cappuccino is a must! This really is a gem of a salon Not easy to cut well and they always deliver! Little massage before your haircut is a nice perk!" LOVE this place. I've been going for almost three years... Jen is fabulous. Even after moving to Gilbert over two years ago I refuse to go anywhere else. My only negative comment is the constant upselling of products... but I'll stick with the five stars anyways.  color and lots of extra perks such as a chair massage  my hair was in a hair tie without even saying anything she just reaches and pulls a piece of my long hair from behind my ear -that was tied In the hair tie! (Which was painful) While walking along side me to her chair she reached to grab the hair tie and strip it out of my hair. I couldn't believe it she was being so rude i immediately put my hand up to stop her from doing that. I've never been treated that way at an aveda salon. Because of her rudeness I left and did not do my hair there. The rest of the people at the salon were nice do not get Jessica and had to pay a parking garage fee. What a waste of time!" Absolutely wonderful service. I have been going there for about a year or so and They treat you with the upmost respect and make you feel at home! I would HIGHLY recommend them for anything and everything. Perry is a respectful man while Marilou and I believe her name is Brenda create conversation and just make you feel comfortable. I wouldn't change a single thing if I were them! Props to this amazing place!  LOVE THIS PLACE! All the girls and guy (Perry) are always so welcoming. Jennifer is still a boss at doing my hair just right.. Can't say enough good things about this gem.. Love you guys!"  they listen to you and come up with the best options all the time"  all the changes of hair!! With it their iced cappuccinos make my heart melt! I love the service and many don't know but you can also ask for a mini-facial. Check them out...tell them Charalotte sent you and you will not be disappointed!" Og03_vbBCVAFNHXgdflRLw "I've been going to Perry Monge Salon for about a year now and have never been disappointed. They will exceed your expectations in every sense. Amanda does my hair and nails and I'm convinced she is a magician  and there's a reason I keep coming back! Everyone here is professional and friendly - I'm never afraid when I see someone new. The service is top quality "What can I say about Perry Monge Salon Spa??? The salon is fabulous and its a great experience if you are a first time customer. Everyone is super friendly and down to earth. Alma is the ""real deal"" when it comes to getting that precise haircut and relaxer. She is totally awesome and give you an honest assessment of your hair for services. Very proficient with African American hair!  Definitely check her out!!.... Alma you Rock!!!"  you can walk in and walk out with a banging new do in about 45 minutes.  A complimentary dry is part of the package and while I might stop at ""Perry"" for some rosemary mint shampoo  I assumed she would be able to juggle both clients. 20 minutes later the girl looking bored behind the counter (Miss Greeter Ray O' Sunshine) tells my friend to go to a groudy looking sink in the back of the dark salon. I didn't know you can wash someones hair well in 2 minutes. She allows us to hang in the back of the salon and both stylists (only two were working that night) are still going strong on their clients. 20 Minutes later ""Miss Thang"" moves us from the back of the salon to a chair. 10 minutes later the stylist (who by the way keeps calling me the wrong name and won't stop gossiping about other clients and their lives) starts in on my friends hair who is a nervous wreck at this point. She cuts it just below her ears. Fine. She starts in on styling. Ok  at Miguels on 16st/Roosevelt. They woman didn't listen and chopped off my hair!! I left crying.  When I get brave enough again Visit the new website http://www.elyellasalon.com/ One small complaint...they take the whole thanksgiving weekend off. Although there is someone always on call Excellent group of physicians!  they had me wait an hour to get the shot and then tell me I should have peed in a cup (nobody told me that???). I go to pee in a cup and then have me wait another 20 minutes to make sure I'm not a leper. Get it together!" There is no way I would let someone who can't even take the time to make sure basic documents are completed properly deliver my child.  An expectant mother needs someone who pays attention to details. If this is how they handle the little parts of pregnancy then I don't even want to think about how they handle the bigger parts. I urge ALL mothers to reflect upon this information when considering Southwest Women's Care as their OB of choice."  care or follow up and I am really unhappy that it did not work and if I want to try it again I have to pay another 3400. They should charge half so you can have it done twice just in case and they should let you rest after instead of okay your done get out." The quality of the care at SWCWC is unparalleled. I highly recommend this practice." Love this group of practitioners and the care provided. Can't imagine actually being sick or super preggo and dealing with these types of issues!  Thus "After taking the glucose test I was recently diagnosed with gestational diabetes.  The day I found out I had missed a call from the office on my cell phone.  They had not left a message so I was curious and called back.  I was transferred to the triage nurse because my doctor and assistant were not available to speak.  The triage nurse informed me that I had gestational diabetes and needed to go to a class..  I asked if I could speak with a doctor regarding the results because I was very upset.  I was informed a doctor would call me back.. The doctor never called My appointment was at 3:30 pm. I've arrived at 3 pm. Now its 3:53 pm and they are busy. I wouldnt consider this a horrible place. The place is clean and they have enough admins to clear the guest area for paperwork but its going slow today.  and explained everything that was going on. I don't know why nobody at Southwest could do this for me. feel much more comfortable and confident in my new OBGYN's care. My new OBGYN informed me that I did have other options  and took her time in explaining what I needed and wanted to know. I was initially skeptical about not seeing an actual MD at first It has been almost three years and I am still haunted by the awful experience I had with this group. Please please please consider looking elsewhere." I love love love my doctor! This a great clinic! Dr. Wilson is the BEST!! He sits down and really listens to you and cares about each person! He sees a lot of cousins and my sister in law as well and we all LOVE him! Happy with the care received. Nice clean office. Nice friendly staff. They allow kids in the visits which was great for me.  both during my pregnancy and hysterectomy. I am still a patient and recommend others to Southwest as well."  it was like I was being talked at. I had a lot of questions because this was my first pregnancy and she made me feel stupid. On top of that she was very insensitive. I was given two completely different answers which made me not trust these people. A few days later I miscarried. I never used more than 2 pads in a day "This is seriously the best experience I've had coming to a new doctor in a long time! The front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The environment of the office was very nice and comfortable. Once the nurse practitioner came in "Most helpful and friendly pharmacy staff that I've ever encountered. The drive thru can be slow He refused to override the charge for a prescription that I'd already paid for. He told me if I had a problem I could call 1800-Walgreens. I did just that. I spoke with someone in customer service who said that someone would contact me within 48 hours. I received a call the next day saying that my prescription was ready and the fee was being waived. Jerk." and sometimes they have treats for my dog!"  has most everything you would want/need from a convenience store." "EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE HERE! I've used the pharmacy (drive through at night) and store during the day and both were excellent experiences. By accident I left an item behind in the store after a purchase and the employees And it has all of my girly necessities "I've been filling my scripts here for almost three years and Chris always goes above and beyond to make the process as easy as possible and answer any questions. Sometimes the wait for the drive-thru takes awhile Very friendly staff that is always happy and willing to assist with any needs. Every time I visit as a frequent customer I'm treated with respect and kindness. Run from this place.  I have Walgreens for years. No more. The prescriptions are not filled when promised. They lost one that took me forever to get.  Scary situation. How well are you prescriptions being properly filled if they can't the paper work right.  Horrible place. If I could give this place 0 stars I would not only did they once cut my hair shorter on one side bt my sister went there today and not only did They dye her hair the wrong color they somehow stained her skin as well as staining her $300 coach purse needless to say I highly recommend that you DO NOT I repeat DO NOT go to this place!!!  NEVER had a bad experience. They really take into consideration what you tell them you want and the employees there are very nice. They were even nice enough to  put my hair in a pony tail before cutting it once when I wanted to donate my hair to locks of love and they did and gave it to me so I could send it in to the organization to use. So if you're looking for a good haircut for a reasonable price they're definitely the ones to go to. Like I said I've NEVER had a bad experience ALWAYS on point on their services. Wouldn't change them for anyone else and I live on the faaaaaarr west side of town so it takes me about a half hour drive." This place is the worst beauty salon i have ever been to and Worst experience i ever had. I gave them a picture of how i wanted my hair and it came out nothing how i expected. The lady and the man there said that they will be able to do it that it was not complicated but obviously it was because they werent able to do it. I kept on telling the lady that i didnt like it but she kept saying it looked fine and wasnt listening to me. I was being calm about the situation. I asked her if she could fix it and she tried to fix it but it still looked bad. she would say t at she liked the other way i had my hair that the one she gave me wasnt as good. I still paid them which made me upset and gave a tip. they wont answer my phone calls. That's very unprofessional if you won't even answer the phone calls what kind of business is this. I will never come back to this place and I'm only writing this because I think people should know how it actually is. Normally I hate writing reviews but people deserve to know this is probably the worst place to get your hair done. I have no idea how they are able to call themselves professionals and charge me a lot when the service provided was terrible. If i could put zero stars on this review i would. "So this is my pre review. I called and asked for an appointment. The woman over the phone was courteous and professional. I was able to get the early appointment I needed. My stylist called me back and went over my expectations  very gifted in her hands and very welcoming place they make you feel comfortable and you always satisfied" Great local barber shop.  These guys know what they are doing.  I went in for a low fade and came out looking better than ever.  Convenient location off 44th Street and McDowell.  I'll definitely be going back. I've been there about 15 times by now....they never disappoint....there's this one kid about 20 yrs old that's an absolute artist and actually pays attention to what I say unlike many others  keeps the energy up!!!" Be sure to hit this place up during the week as weekends you can expect to wait at least an hour as scruffy men are lined out the door waiting for a good cleanup."  waited about 20 minutes (not long at all considering it was a Saturday and i was a walk in). Got a great cut and they were very quick. Accepted credit cards which was convenient (just a dollar more). Great spot" Review Coming Soon. Coming back to this shop. i remember it is very good. I want to write this to warn you of the growing homeless population that seems to live outside of this location.  I honestly feel bad for people that are stuck in this situation but begging just makes me feel uncomfortable.  Not a day goes by that I shop here and am pestered with requests for money.  The thing is that I don't really carry cash ever so I feel bad for not having any but also feel violated for being requested to shell out my hard earned cash to someone that is setting up camp outside a drug store and speaking low and incoherently and walking towards you and your car.  Gives me the creeps." "Walgreen's=crap.  This particular location has me convinced to avoid Walgreen's altogether for matters of convenience.  Poor service in the pharmacy is common.  This is strange for a place that was built around the pharmacy business.  Pharmacists here=decent people.  The pharmacy techs=overpaid  but go elsewhere if you want to get anything done in a timely manner." do something about the bums and ill consider coming back to your store" "A fairly decent Walgreens. This location did not carry as many items I have found in others Pharmacy is entirely too slow.   This is a busy place.  Either need faster workers or more of them Got a flu vaccine today and although the pharmacy was very busy I did not have to wait long (15 minutes or so).  Pharmacist administering the shot was very professional and I did not even feel the needle! "Wow... So I ordered 3 photo books spent 2 days customizing them and hit the ""same day pick up"" option. It showed me several stores at which I could pick up and I chose this one. My pick up time was 7:15 pm. I showed up at the pick up time and was told by the gentleman who works the photo department that they were unable to make these because they were out of ink. Why they didn't call me when they received the order I don't know.. But these were Christmas presents and I needed them tonight. I asked them what I could do and they said they were calling around to get the ink from another store. The manager then told me I would need to drive and pick the ink up if I wanted these done tonight as his staff didn't have cars. So i drive just a few miles down the road retrieved the ink and came back. Keep in mind I already asked if they could just transfer my order and they said they couldn't. So as I handed them the ink he told me it was the wrong kind. At this point I'm pissed but all I care about is getting these books. He told me unfortunately there wasn't anything they could do and would refund my money.. Which I didn't want I want the photo books I ordered. Before just giving up and running with my money I called the online customer service number and in 2 minutes she transferred my order to another store. Yes I was retarded for not just doing that myself at the beginning... But I trusted the manager of the store... Whatever you do do not assume if it says your order will be ready that it truly will. My mistake that I won't make again." I would like to give them some credit.. They gave me two free books and a store credit when I went back. At least they made it right. Thank you Alex (store manager) "I think don helped me today in photo. Couldn't possibly be more annoyed. No hello. Had to stand there for 10 minutes just to have him huff and puff over nothing. Terrible customer service Very friendly and courteous employees here." Update 9/20/07 - I got another cut and color in August.  Color was wonderful as always.  Cut was atrocious.  It was kinda in the $8 super cuts range.  I hardly trusted them to give it another go.  If you did this once It is unfortunate that the other person who reviewed Salon Estique had a bad experience with the salon. I'd say definitely give them another try The inside of the salon is very nice and friendly but that's where my positive review stops.  While waiting I was given a tour of the salon which I thought was a bit odd.  It amounted to a sales pitch for their various services.  My stylist greeted me and immediately complemented me on my necklace.  Her assistant immediately complemented me on my boring skirt.  When I paid for my mediocre cut the girl complemented me on my ring.  I'm not against receiving a genuine complement but this was obviously forced and must have come from a How to Win Clients manual.  During my cut I was repeatedly told about their menu of services and products.  Before the cut I showed several pictures of what I wanted.  The end result is nothing like the pictures and is very dull and plain.  I could have saved myself $45 and gone to Super Cuts.  I would have requested a touch up but I was already there for over an hour and needed to get home.  Before the cut was finished I was asked by the stylist's assistant when I wanted to schedule my next appointment.  I know that I could go back for a re-cut but my faith in their ability is shot and for $55 I expect it to be good the first time.  and a great end result. My hair turned out beautiful and I got a few compliments that night. I plan to return in February for my next visit." My favorite part?  Every hair treatment comes with a fabulous scalp massage!  There's nothing quite like a scalp massage to take away the stresses of the day." I have a friend who had her brows butchered by someone so I was really apprehensive about going somewhere for that.  Ever since I found Liz I love my brows.  They're not too thin and they've got a great fullness and arch to them.  Liz is awesome!" "My daughter and I love Liz! She does a wonderful facial and wonderful massage during the facial. A few days after the facial  I enjoy my experience and end results each time at Salon Estique. I would recommend them to anyone who lives in this area. Ten minutes from my home is just an added perk!" I went to Salon Estique and had an amazing experience. From the moment I walked in the door I was treated like someone very important to them. Very professional and warm environment. My services were done beautifully. My hair is difficult to cut but they were top notch. They have a regular client in me. "I've been to Arturo at Salon Estique for gel nail polish a few times now. I absolutely love the gel polish as it is so durable and stays shiney for 2 to 3 weeks. Arturo makes my nails beautiful and is so detail oriented. He is also as quick as anybody can be with the gel polish system. Salon Estique is not the least expensive place that you can gel the gel polish but Arturo is worth the extra $$. Moreover  and well worded. Her facial massage is just wonderful. She takes care of any issues with my skin and suggests product that is appropriate but is not pushy. I would suggest her to anyone   and have found a stylist that I love that does my hair for $50 cheaper and she does it in a mere two hours." They always do everything right. That's all I need to say! The prices are comparable to any other upper end salon I've seen and the experience is worth every penny.  I wouldn't trust anyone else with my color." I am definitely looking forward to my next visit!"  and how well they treated me. And as for my hair? Let's just say I walked out feeling better than I have in years! I have really coarse straight Asian hair I highly recommend this place. I've never had a nicer experience. Whatever the owners are doing - it's working." If you're looking for a relaxing salon with a great staff of friendly  but they gave me 3 free cuts then refused to let me use them and fucked up my hair and refused to fix it! Their 100%guarantee is nottttt valid! I was a very loyal client for 2 years. Fuck this place"  and massages with the haircut since it was my first time. I loved the style and color I got and happily wore it out for my birthday. They also have some good coupons and discounts. It isn't cheap though  85% grey hair that I wear blond and highlighted.  Eva is a caring stylist and very good with color. After 6 months she changed the color to make a darker low light and gave me blond highlights which look quite good. Her haircuts are spot on. She takes the time to listen to your concerns and is eager to please.  I agree that assistants sometimes do the blow dry and/or shampoo. I'd rather have Eva do everything Message me if you have any questions-- as a 15 year customer (and I'm still in my 20s "I recently participated in a silent auction and bid on and got a certificate for services at Salon Estique.  The money went to a great charity This is a FULL SERVICE SALON that has it all together. Frequent buyer discount cards/good bag give aways with discounts on facials/treatments! They covered all their bases PLUS MORE and I will definitely be back!" "Love everything about this salon! Eva is incredible with color! She not only is very capable of explaining what will work and will not work but she understands what you want and then exceeds "The service is excellent. I show up every 5 weeks to see Desiree V to keep my color looking great and my hair cuts young but professional. The staff offers lemonade I would NOT recommend this salon unless you know the specific hair dresser. My hair was thrashed. The cut was crooked and the layers where a mess.  I have thick long hair and she texturized it when there was no need to do that.  I would stay away from this place  unless you know specific hairdresser.  I'm from out of town and just went in for a cut and it was a disaster. I probably got someone on a bad day based on all these other glowing reports.  they do a wonderful job. All the staff is fast & friendly and have great knowledge in the profession. I enjoy coming here and it is very easy to relax. They have an amazing beverage selection while you are there. They can be kind of steep on the prices Always a great turn out when I leave this place." I highly recommend Salon Estique."  what more could you ask for as a man in a salon?" I love this salon!  Eva Verdugo is an amazing stylist!  She always takes the time to discuss what you are thinking about your hair and give you input. The salon also creates a relaxing environment. You won't be disappointed. Book an appt with Eva! "I have been going to Faye for years! She is by far the most talented I came to this salon for years and was proud to support a woman owned and operated business. Then they hired a manager who truly was inept and also appeared to overbook the stylists. It was apparent that there was an agenda going on. This place has gone down hill. It is not the fun place it used to be not is the  customer service what it used to be I've been coming here for a year and I LOVE this place! Desiree is the best! I always leave happy and will definitely be back. "Hollis did a great job! She made sure my expectations were realistic and did a price breakdown before she got started. It was pretty pricey ( way more than I've ever spent on my hair- $149) for highlights and toner. The salon itself is very nice. They do complimentary wine and scalp massages! Overall "I loved my first experience with salon estique.i had Charlie and she is amazing.  I went in not knowing what I wanted  and Alicia does an unbelievable job. I'm extremely picky and I'm always happy with my hair. They offer refreshments and a scalp massage with your shampooing. The service has always been outstanding. The only reason I give 4 stars is because of the very high prices. Granted you will walk away happy I've been seeing Liz for years and will not let anyone else shape my brows or provide skincare services.  She is the best! I've been going to this salon for 9 years!  I love it and I love my stylist Katrina. I walk out with exactly what I asked for. They know how to do color really well and the cut techniques are up-to-date. All the stylists stay current with their training. Their esthetician service are equally great. Liz does my eyebrows and on occasion a facial. Excellent!  If you haven't been there and you are looking for a new place give Salon Estique a try! "I went in on Saturday for a complimentary first time make up.  I assume it is to get you hooked and come back. Not happening. I was greeted nicely and offered something to drink. The girls were nice but my make up sucked. The eyeshadows were poorly applied  professional and simply makes you feel good from the minute you enter the place. Highly recommended!!"  put me at ease and made the entire experience practically enjoyable! Lol will definitely go back to Serena and recommend her! Have ALREADY told many to give her a call!"  I told my stylist that I also needed to change my look to match the new style.  She referred me to Makeup artist /Aesthetician Sarina Pruitt.  Not only did I get exactly what I wanted but Sarina also showed me how to achieve the look in 15 minutes when I do it my self.  I wanted something natural so I could wear it everyday to work.  The eye shadow I normally frequent an old-style barber shop so Estique was a bit out of my norm.  My hair stylist Cyndra was very welcoming and did a superb job; better than my barber whom I've been seeing for 5+ years.  I definitely recommend this salon for men's cuts and highly recommend Cyndra for any work that needs to be done.  I will be booking her for my future visits.  this place is NOT a nail salon. If I had hair that could be cut and styled (I have dreads) I'd give them a try for hair services. I have $35 left on my gift card but I will let my son use it for a haircut. I won't be back for nail services. My feet hurt from the cracking and calluses  never again."  responsive and courteous staff.  Charlie did a great job on my haircut.  Faye does amazing facials.  They're also very charitable donating to nonprofits.  Prices are good and the salon is always clean." Oh the one downside is maybe the price-tag? But I believe with hair Never disappointed with the hair cuts my husband and I get. They are patient and give you what you want. QFgoJO1GSS2RadBsEop7yQ Adrienne put some bright back in my hair and it turned out great! Thank you! She was friendly and fast much appreciated! I will be coming back.  huge for me. Her personal style is cute too.  Salon is always clean and busy."  and damaged hair with many layers and left with beautiful long locks. I had bought Omgnb hair extensions from online shop. She layered them looks completely natural. I didn't lose any hair  If you want an amazing experience along with an amazing color and cut They have Wonderful customer service and the girls were all so sweet and very knowledgable."  to Brazils and is gentle with my skin and listens to exactly what I want.  I also love her facials. Liz has a great sense of style and knows how to beautify you in an instant. Not to mention she is adorable Melly and Aspy were abs uh lute ly amazing! They completely understood what I wanted for my hair color and were refreshingly personable and friendly. I've definitely found my go to place for cuts and color!  was she right! My hair not only looked amazing but felt amazing. It was soft and full of body- nothing like I expected after getting it bleached. I highly recommend Alicia and the salon! Trust me you will not leave disappointed!" NEVER. Just go to the cosmetics counter. Tell 'em Thomas S. sent ya!"  I may be transferring the family prescriptions to Walgreen's. It's a nice change to deal with people who actually make the extra effort and who seem to care  the 16 year old check out dude will wonder why you're buying it at 1:13 PM on a Wednesday afternoon but do you really feel like you need to hide your pleasure seeking ways from him. Make him jealous." This is the only useful yelp I've ever written! How could only one person find this useful? I don't understand..."  this location attracts a lot of crazies and weirdos - perhaps bc of its proximity to the LR station and Central Ave in general."  and that's just the people that work there. They roll one distrustful eye up towards you (the other obscured by emo fringe) and glare at you for even daring to disturb them. As for the people that shop here My only recommendation would be that Take Care hire a medical tech to assist with checking people  they say they know shes there. She has a shopping cart there with all her stuff. Shes friendly  they have been more efficient with their operations whenever I have come through here." I went there today for my son with only partial info on his Insurance (no card) they took care of everything with no hassles and had it filled quick." I showed up without an appointment and without insurance. An hour later I was seen by the doctor and given 2 prescriptions all for under $150. Thank you Walgreens Take Care Clinic." I am contacting an attorney first thing Monday morning. Good luck Walgreens."  this has happened to me before at the same location BEFORE the remodeling. So they can't blame it on remodeling confusion. They are just dumb." I want to see what happens with the displays when Christmas is no longer dominant before I get too giddy Walgreen's as been a life saver at 3 in the morning on several occasions."  you're a fuckin moron." DD04nMRVg0fBGHCX3uCLwA This Walgreens was in major need of renovation and boy did they hit this one out of the park. Walgreens new company style and service has far exceeded my expectations with this location. I've been here numerous times for numerous reasons and have never been disappointed with selection and customer service. I highly recommend anyone who wants to check out the new revamped Walgreens at this location.  and pertussis) and it was a super fast pleasant experience. I opted for the pharmacist to do it  you might want to try the ER if you're carrying your pinky finger in a cup of ice." Convenience stores sure have come a long way.  I recently went here to pick up some prescriptions and I was blown away with the store.  The lighting was bright so you could see everything.  The aisles were not so tall that you couldn't see over them. There were signs everywhere so it made it easy to find what you were looking for.   The customer service at the pharmacy was top notch. They provided me with an estimated wait time and were spot on. They rang up my additional items right there. Even though they were busy each person received such great attention and smiling from everyone there it was heartening. It is also nice to know that they have a take care clinic available right in the store.  I recommend if unsung it to schedule an appointment online. I think they have a restroom here that you can use if waiting for a script as well. I just heard some folks asking and they let them use it. So that is yet another handy item they give."  those in need of a coupon or savings for their special medications.  A worthy face of the Walgreen empire." Last night 4/4/14 we attempted to make a digital print and were having issues. The young man at photo was very unhelpful and rude.  We ordered our print and went in to pick it up today and we ordered a thumbnail instead of a 4x6.  The young woman today Margold(?) salvaged it and presented us with a beautiful 8x10 in about 5 minutes! Thank you so much for turning what was a bad experience into an awesome experience.  In addition I ended up buying some things I would have purchased elsewhere.  he let out a big sigh as if I was causing him an inconvenience. He asked me why I hasn't filled out paperwork (which were nowhere to be seen) and grabbed the papers I had brought (for the physical). He stared at the papers and  looked at them as if they were written in a foreign language. He let out another sigh. It was at this point that he wanted to start the exam  the prevailing customer service attitude is ""Don't like it? Feel free to take your money elsewhere."" They know all they have to do is outlast their lone remaining bricks-and-mortar competitor.)" Love this place! I have been going here for years (since I'm right across the street) and everyone is always so friendly. Just went in tonight and had excellent customer service (like always) which is why I wanted to write this review. Everyone in there is amazing and friendly. True neighborhood establishment!  I was a fan until I came to fill my dogs prescription here. I dropped it off during a busy time and they said one hour to fill. I come back and they say they didn't fill it because of how much it cost. They wanted to make sure I was ok with the high price. Umm...how about call me or something? Too bad. Still get photos here but no longer fill prescriptions"  and the time before that they called me to tell me it was ready and when I showed up it wasn't ready. I'm sick of waiting here and eating my time for my prescriptions. I am taking my business elsewhere."   like playing cards for my mom or magnets... Can't be beat"  this is best option near me since Quick Pharmacy closed. They make a ton of $ on scripts with my family of 4.  Called ahead and spoke with pharmacy rep on site...asked timing for.a prescription that had been called in by my doc. Pharmacy said 15 min...now still here and its 15 min plus 45 more. Pita."  always ask how I am doing and are chatty while I check out."  I've heard  a lot of positive feed back from my friends."  which is great when you need something late. I've had a number of posters printed here through the photo department and they've always been great about making sure they look exactly as I want (even if that means re-printing). The staff is friendly too. I had a chest cold recently and was unsure what type of medicine to get for it. The pharmacist in the store came out from behind the desk and helped me pick out medicine for it these days want a paycheck but don't want to work for it !!"  but what I do take issue with is this store making me seem like I'm crazy. When a company has a parking lot they are supposed to maintain the care of the lot..not only after someone threatens to file a lawsuit against them do you then decide to remove the tree. That was and negligence on their part. Guess what my vehicle is still damaged from their negligence."  this is the place you want to go to. And if its your first time getting permanent cosmetic work done "I have been going to Elli for over ten years. She is simply the best at eyeliner. I usually go once a year and we laugh and talk about everything as she works Elli is great at her art. She does a good job and is very focused on detail. She is a good conversationalist and will keep you distracted. I got my eyebrows done today and it is a simple procedure.  Highly recommended place. Elli is amazing....she has done my eyebrows and eyeliner she is the best in Arizona..  professional and affordable. The aroma of Aveda greets you the second you open the front door. While washing your hair with the yummy Aveda products your bound to get a delicious head massage in the process. Lights out Mary! So relaxing. If you're really nice 1iP6SyuWpm_4E6Mx6zOS9A  and I'm not even sure I know where Peoria even is."  gold and yellows...blends in perfectly with their Aveda Salon concept. My hairdresser is Amina and she's super sweet. She always has a big smile on her face when she sees me Carnes y quesos! Las chicas caliente a Ide Mania rock my chain Maria! Cada time. And now mis novias estan in una salon nueva. Same fabulosa mujeres. But en un building muy pretty with suelos de wood and colores muy soothing. Ole for Ide Mania. Gracias for keeping Tomasito muy guapo and muy feliz! TE AMO IDE MANIA!!!!!  but this was the first time I walked out of a salon and have been totally happy with my hair. Big thank you to Stephen for being so awesome!!" 1iP6SyuWpm_4E6Mx6zOS9A "I love this salon! Gina and Lilly are incredible and if you want a salon that caters to every need  and the color is absolutely perfect!  My eyebrows look amazing!  Next appointment is already booked.  The wonderful thing about this salon is that I can get a mini facial while my hair is processing!  I can't wait to go back!  Thanks so much everyone!" Parking was very difficult and I have no idea if I even parked in the right spot.  Thankfully I wasn't there long though and didn't get a ticket."  one of the girls actually responded to my voicemail and called me back today to schedule an appt. Seriously? Someone actually called back? Major kudos in my book and then they were able to take me in this afternoon/evening which made me very happy. I was almost 15 minutes late to my appt because the address on my gift certificate was their old location so be aware that they are at Central and south of Virginia  a chic and affordable Aveda salon in downtown Phoenix. Hooray! I love this place. The ladies at the front desk are SO warm and inviting - they're the kind of people who would make you forget all about your bad day. I trust Lilly with my waxes - she is friendly and very knowledgeable. I was scared for my first wax and asked her about a million questions "I went in to Ide Mania for the first time the other day just to pick up some Aveda products.  Typically I buy them online because I can't stand the staff at Aveda salons  I will be going back soon for a trim and highlights!"  she is magic with those scissors. The women who work there are all SOOOO sweet and helpful. I am Super picky and have fine curly hair and am always terrified when its time to get a cut because I'm afraid its gonna turn out bad (and gluing my hair back on isn't an option) but I am NEVER disappointed. Thank you Miranda and all the IDE staff! You guys rock!" The best part was that I ended spending less than what I had been spending at Salon Estique.  $135 for a highlight  it lacks the uppity vibe that I expected. The staff is professional and knowledgeable but also welcoming and sincere. Love love love this place!" My mom and brother who go there both have curly hair and Lettie knows exactly what to do and how to make their hair look the way they want.   My 17 year old brother has been able to grow out his curly hair from short to about to a little above the shoulders  but I only just discovered this gem. The entire staff is friendly and welcoming. They are an Aveda salon which I love - great products. It is a very laid back atmosphere. Lettie cut/colored my hair and did a fantastic job. I felt very comfortable with her and my cut is 500 times better than what I had before going to her. Definitely recommend this place! It's not cheap  but the final cut she gave me is stunning! I can't write enough about how much I love it...and her! I strongly recommend Ide Mania! Trust me  or being here a while and your hair stylist is not cutting it... go to Ide Mania...don't waste your time... Plus they use Aveda...yeah."  and gave me a fabulous cut.  She really knows what to do with curly hair!  I only had to put a little product in my hair this morning -- no hair dryer  let me save you the trouble -- COME HERE!!  Ask for Erica!" I look forward to going back in a few months. If you are new in town or just looking for a new place "This place is so perfect! I never had problems with the services. I just sit down and tell them to surprise me every time that I'm there. With all guts  I believe her :) Miranda is a color AND cut expert! She even used texture scissors on my hair--a first for me and I LOVE it! My color is just perfect. I tend to be a one stylist person and I literally stumbled on this salon . . .and I will be back. Thank you Mania!"  I didn't even GET THERE and they were trying to upsell me and get me to buy their shampoo and conditioner OVER THE PHONE while I""m trying to make an appt.  When I didn't understand the woman (she was so focused on selling me on paying an extra $40 so they can show me how to use a shampoo and conditioner they have  I will be back. Love Ide Mania."  and is still rude and lying in her comments.  She invited me in her comment to try another salon.  Wow.  thank you.  I did.  And I LOVED it.  And they let me try the Invati products and helped me with all of that for FREE.  that's right.  What you actually did say is that for more money you will let me try the Invati.  No thanks."  and she was by far the best stylist I've ever had. My hair is pretty deceptive. It appears to be completely normal slightly wavy hair until you start working with it. Then you realize that I have a ton of hair with as many cowlicks as is humanly possible. I also have some of those ""mature blonde hairs"" growing in a little more than they should at my age. Despite all of these challenges PS - Their prices are also great! Better than any other salon I've been to WITH better service and results."  always friendly and fun. I've been going to Susan for a year and a half now. I'm gonna miss her when I move." The price is more expensive than the last place I went (which I loved) but I wanted some place closer to work/home.  I'm really happy I found Ide Mania and Erica.  I highly recommend this salon." I was told to go to this salon by my best friend after I had fried my hair in a depressed state. (Long story)  I slumped in and was immediately set at ease and take care of totally by Erica with a FANTASTIC cut and Gina with some color shampoo.   The damage finally grew out but I still go because Erica or Susan give me such great cuts and Gina gets me in when I need to - fast too!  Lily does great waxing and the place is just urban cool.  It smells good too.  she cut and styled my hair. The second was a dye and highlights! She was fantastic! The customer service was awesome and everywhere I go I truly feel like a part of the Ide mania family and would highly encourage anyone to go there. Tell Lili I said hello!" Just moved into town and received a recommendation to see Ide. She is a super start!! Made some great recommendation about the health of my hair and gave me the best haircut in years!! Super friendly on top of it. Loving this place and am so happy that I found a fantastic new hairdresser so quickly!! Booked a appointment for 3 people to get hair cut and color- were talking over $500 in sales for this business. We show up 10 minutes early and they all of sudden couldn't get us in or care to help us. Worst customer service ever. They do all that chicky stuff too including waxings but I can't say that I got experience from them on that end." Only disappointment is they don't do shaves."  I won't go anywhere else.  I brought my grown children there ARTHUR TURNED MY DAUGHTERS HAIR INTO A MASTERPIECE!!  I am so pleased with the service at this salon  his son Scott and granddaughter Sarah all made me feel welcome during my visit.  I received a cut I can't wait to get my hair styled next ;)"  but the owner Roman and Abraham give the best cuts.  No appointments  and he's probably Jewish. I don't know about you  I found out that most of the magazines available for reading while you wait were playboys. In my opinion My hair is always done well. Pricing is decent. And Dutch Bros Coffee is right next door. North West corner on Central & Camelback." AVlnz8OVKacySY9hWNWFUw  and great quality. If you live in  downtown Phoenix t let me leave till it is perfect not my perfect but Roman's so he wants me to look his best so it is perfect." "I have been coming to Central Barber for years; all of the barbers are EXCELLENT. I have my hair cut every 10 days It's a great place. They make you feel gpod. "The best barber shop!!!  They really make you feel good. My son loves getting his hair done there. The massage and warm towel is his favorite. Friendly people  and I felt an icy discomfort upon entering. They had no interest in talking to any of their clients. I needed a haircut badly so when one of the barbers became available I told him I wanted a haircut exactly like the guy he just finished with  and usually get to sit down in one of their chairs as soon as I walk though the door.  The cut and the hot towel and massage are all so relaxing.  I have also had several shaves there as part of my service.  Closer shave than I can ever give myself  I decided to take my son to a barber shop. Now he looks forward to his hair cuts and asks to go all the time. Abrahigm is the best. My son refuses to see anyone else. On days that he rides his bike  and trim his hair right every time; they even offer straight razor for face and eyebrow cleanup. Best spot in Phoenix for traditional men's grooming (plus the back massage takes it to the next level). Go there if you want efficient service and a barber who remembers what you like. Completely satisfied Great barbers they even give you a massage.  I think they should massage the head to stimulate the hair growth  for us guys that are going bald. Very nice guys. Very reasonable prices coupled with extremely thorough and professional service. My go-to barber shop.   I would recommend picking out the barber that works for you and sticking with them. Been using the same barber for about 3 years now  however after the straight shave my neck bled for days on end and looked like I had been mauled by a bear. You would have thought that was warning enough to stay away but after a few months I decided to go get a neck trim. Bad Idea. Apparently when you tell someone your growing your hair out and to leave the top and sides alone  hot lather around the ears with straight razor topped off with vibrator shoulder and neck massage. All for under 20 bucks (not counting tip). Next time in Phoenix needing a trim I'm there!" The only barber shop I frequent." Every man should grow a beard and experience a shave by the beautiful Oksana..fantastic experience  use to run it. He has passed the keys to Roman and it only got better. The best barber shop in town. This isn't Great Clips or a chain place AVlnz8OVKacySY9hWNWFUw AVlnz8OVKacySY9hWNWFUw Best shave and cut in Central Phoenix. The level of service and attention to detail is top notch. A true barbershop experience reminiscent of pre-cookie cutter strip mall salons.  hot towel and massage were all included in a $19 cut. This crew takes pride in their work and reminded me what a barber experience should be like." It was my first time in and it was a great experience. Got a haircut and much needed beard trim. The whole experience was great and with a shave to help line up my beard. I will be going back as a regular customer.  and massage were nice. Otherwise it would only get one. My barber recommended a beard trim and he brutally mangled my nearly perfect beard. It was uneven "Don't get the old blond lady!!! My first time at this place and the men barbers told me to go to her. Well no wonder her chair was empty Best barber shop in Phoenix! Where else can you get hot towel treatments and a massage as well!!! I have never been disappointed with any of the barbers. The location is great and the price is reasonable. I highly recommend the Central Barber Shop. You will be happy you tried them I assure you  Bob Hohmann  I'm sure you'll be happy you did." "I've been going to A & D Barber for about a year now.  I have to say they are the best barbershop I've found since moving to Phoenix in the late 90's.  I don't know what I can say that hasn't already been said about this place.  The barbers are top notch.  Art runs a tight ship.  For $19 "As good a barber shop as there is in town.  I always get a good haircut here.  Cut  friendly people.  Altogether a very positive experience." Keep up the good work gents." UPDATE: went there today; got in as soon as I walked in; got in & out in about 30 minutes."  they simply cut hair so much better than anyone else."  and (2) due to religious reasons--they are Orthodox Jews-- A&D is NOT open on Saturdays.  I would go there all the time If your looking for a good barber and a classy spot...this is it. I'm glad that I found the spot."  there was no way in hell I am waiting over an hour to get my hair cut." Kudos to the staff at A&D!!!!"  as my regular barber (in Tucson) is on vacation till after the new year. I believe haircuts shouldn't feel like I am in the Army.  These guys are one of the few  ex-military looking guy.  I think he was the best of the group that I saw.  My cut turned out pretty good - not the best "I used to go to this barbershop quite frequently. I do want to support businesses in Phoenix who are either gay owned and/or gay friendly. This barbershop definitely does that and for this I commend them. However  but they have a good selection of magazines for everyone and they offer bottled water while you wait. They play great music and will always honor customers request to change channels. They have awesome videos playing and do a great job. This place is customer friendly to all customers! They appreciate each and every customer and I appreciate a super clean haircut every time."  it was happy-fun day! I WENT TO A REAL BARBER. It was amazing. Luxurious! Indulgent. and I haven't felt hotter in years. There's flat screens built in to each station at this barber "Best barber in the valley. Arturo is the man! Been going for about 3 years now and have never received a bad haircut. He does especially well on low fades if that's your thing... Sometimes a long wait ps these guys work six days a week! give em a break for being closed on national holidays as well as traditional jewish holidays." I have never had a bad experience with them and recommend family and friends all the time!" I have finally found a place that I am happy with. These guys really know how to cut hair and give one of the best close shaves you could experience. I always come out of there feeling really good on the money that I have spent which is great for the price. I no longer live in Phoenix but have no trouble traveling into the city to get a great haircut. This place is great!  It's clean and the staff is very nice.  I looked around for a barber shop that did classic men cuts and I found it here.  From my experience most barber shops today only do fades and don't know how to use a pair of scissors.  I showed one of the barbers a picture of the cut I wanted and he knew exactly what to do.  The price is comparable to other barbershops. My business partner and I were in Phoenix for a business trip.  We stopped into A&D after reading the reviews online. My partner wears a high and tight flattop and the  cut he received from the barber with the shaved head was top notch.  Most times after a cut he needs to do a bit of fine tuning-this time is was perfect .  My cut was fantastic as well.  I asked for a tight taper with a  long top.  The barber listened and the taper was absolutely the best while he lightly trimmed the top.  I cannot say enough about this shop. I just got my haircut here for the first time and it was amazing.  I came in a little later than I would have liked but they took me in anyway.  The barber was fast and professional.  I got a haircut and a shave in a little under 30 minutes.  The barber made sure there was no hair left on my clothing either after the haircut which is always a plus for me.  I'll definitely come back again! I beg any of you that is reading this review to avoid this shop. I honestly can't see why anyone would pay money to receive inferior customer service and not even get a good haircut out of it. It saddens me that places like this flourish while people are under the illusion that it's a quality barbershop just because they have curtains and TVs." I enjoy  the large LCD's they have at each station.Makes my cut go by smoothly. Also  and almost no length taken off the top. It's a more difficult cut than your normal taper and fade. And lots of barbers have botched it. Arthur tackles it no problem. We socialize the entire time and he couldn't be friendlier. There are complaints about wait time I hope this will help you make a better choice selecting a better Barber then I did.  A&D GET A BIG FAT ZERO IN MY BOOK" I recommend this place to my friends all the time and I plan on going there for years to come." "two words:  ""perfect haircut""!!!!" "Can't beat the hot towel and back messages with cut for only $19. Been coming here since I moved to AZ This is the second time I have gone it to get my beard trimmed. I did not have to wait a long time and I am happy with the way it looks. My only issue is that they speak Russian and you know they are talking shit about the customers. Lol  I got a warm shave followed by a hot towel on my head and face. The haircut looks and feels great and the price was reasonable. I happily over tipped. Seems that most barber shops have women cutting hair and women getting hair cuts  and Roma is one of the best lineup of barbers you will find Phoenix! They are great at what they do and are always a pleasure to deal with. LCD high-def TV's on every station and with a brand new interior its a great environment. Great at low-fades "Stumbled upon this place while having lunch at cherry blossom and luckily I got in pretty quick. The guy doing my hair did a great job and did it exactly how I liked it! Great cut First time coming here and I received the best service and haircut! My barber's name was Yuri and he was very clean and professional when giving me a cut. This shop is way better now that the old owner has left. I am glad that I found my new barber! Best haircuts and Uri is one of the best here !!! My husband used to go to different places all the time and now he just gets his cuts from Uri because he is consistent with his technique and service. I have literally been coming to Yuri for years and he is the best around. I used to fly in from SF to get a haircut. This is his new shop. I can't say enough about who he is as a barber and human. The used to give a really good haircut but then about six seven months ago all the older guys left. Now they have young guys in there that are just loud and it only takes you ten minutes for a haircut instead of my usual 35 to 40. I've been coming here for about 6 years and it took a a downward spiral  in less than 20 minutes when I am on a lunch break. They are strictly professional and focus on their clientele 100 percent. I have been away from giving Yelp reviews for more than 5 years Great place i loved it. To begin Yuri and his team are awesome at what they do and a great place to come in to chat and get a great cut. Also these guys are professional and make your time worth while. The prices are great for the service you get. Overall they are just a great place to go relax. "This place is great. The inside is nice and very clean. Great haircut for a reasonable price. Friendly staff as well. Ask for Robert Love this place My haircut always look great when they done . very nice and professional guys . Will highly recommend . Will definitely be back!" This place has changed so much and not in a good way. First of all dont get comfortable with having a regular barber. They seem to keep changing every time I go in there. All I can say is thank God my hair can grow back. Desert Song is a great facility." All of the other instructors are good as well. I try and get in a class twice a month here.  Not pretentious  but have tried to do some of the more advanced variations. The ""all levels"" class will probably keep me challenged for a long time. Then Heidi's intro classes are great (and not too big). But maybe you should try another teacher when you're done with intro; Heidi's other classes tend to fill up . . ." "Excellent teachers and lovely facility.  Regardless of your experience level "I came across this studio when searching for a place that offered prenatal yoga.  I have been so pleased!  The instructors are very friendly and knowledgeable Best prenatal massage in the valley! "It really doesn't get any better than this.  The only place I will go - If you want to try yoga or you've been practicing for a while  we would have easily spent $40 or more having an average experience at any of our typical haunts.  But the payoff for this two hours was far better than any other date we've had recently.  Thank you so much  intimate and nurturing environment and I am absolutely going to continue going there. It is also 5 minutes from my house......which is yet again another huge plus!!!"  the Mommy and Me yoga is so overrated. I think I just did not really mesh well with Evon. But "Love this place.  Been going for over 10 years.  Heart-centered yoga taught by heart-centered teachers.  It's a spiritual place for me as well as a place for me to work my body and mind.  Mary Beth byNyDMlRwpWD1GAil5QXjA  and I really appreciated not having to pay to rent a mat (every studio in D.C. charges for this)  but her classes have a great energy. I am really starting to notice an improvement in my balance and strength (I no longer feel like I am going to do a face plant when I go into cobra). Whether you are a beginner or advanced you should check it out."  I feel that that have always taken great care to work with me so that I never go too far and reinjure. Mary Beth and all the other instructors are the best. They also have special workshops and off site yoga trips "Dessert is simply best for all people. The into class is great for anyone just getting started or who needs a refresher. Yoga is always great for me. So i liked this place very much. If want to interact with great people while furthering your yoga practice  informative and fun.  i feel so much better afterwards. everyone is so nice and the place just has a great vibe probably due to the great people working there!" Anna is a Be talented teacher. She juggles the babies byNyDMlRwpWD1GAil5QXjA If you have never done yoga I highly recommend taking their Intro class." "I only come here for massages so that's what my rating is for.  Their 90 minute massage is $105 "This place is life changing.  LIFE CHANGING.  Any class taught by Heidi will knock your socks off.  I feel as though I'm floating thru class with ease but then I'm sore the next day.  It's as meditative & healing as it is exercise.  Very clean Does it sound like I'm crazy about this place? That's because I am! Seriously  accommodating. Atmosphere is serene and peaceful. I do not have enough words to describe how much better I felt after leaving. I can't wait to go again tonight."  desert song is hands down the best place to get a massage in the valley. The practitioners can root out your stress and rub it all away. After a massage here I feel as if all of my stressors in life have magically disappeared. There's nothing that even comes close. They've ruined me for everything else." "Desert Song's Intro to Yoga class was a perfect introduction to what has become a weekly Thursday evening routine for me.  Desert Song offers a variety of classes at different times of day "I have practiced all over the valley and no other studio comes close to Desert Song.  The center is comfortably beautiful and the instructors are some of the best I've experienced in all of my yoga travels over the past ten years.  You will experience great yoga --well sequenced  breathing techniques and overall wellness.  I used to have a lot of stress and anxiety and since I have been coming to Desert Song I have become very relaxed and serene.  Everyone who works here is exceptionally kind.  I highly recommend Desert Song!"  and meditation and caring for your body/mind." I love Desert Song!  Wonderful instructors and a beautiful space.  Great variety of instructors provide a class perfect for anyone. I started going to Desert Song about 16 weeks into my first pregnancy and I was hooked after the first prenatal yoga class I took. I got the two weeks intro card and tried out some of the other classes. All the instructors were very helpful about giving me modifications for my pregnancy. I have been going to the prenatal yoga class now for 5 weeks and I absolutely love it!! It helps so much with all the pregnancy symptoms. The other non-pregnancy classes were amazing too! Everyone here is super nice and helpful. Highly recommend. My daughter brought me here for an all levels yoga session. Absolutely great. Even got hand written thank you cards in the mail. Going back again next week. I love Desert Song!  Wonderful instructors and a beautiful space.  Great variety of instructors provide a class perfect for anyone. "A walgreens with no liquor? What am I  has Milky Way Midnights and a good selection of tampons so its not like I am going to stop going here." "I pass by this walgreens on the way home so I stop in frequently. Always able to find what I need. Clean and organized  but by that time I got my photo elsewhere. Save yourself the trouble and just stick to getting snacks  and variety...especially at this location.  Cheaper meds just put them over the top !!!!" Store is clean and organized. Everyone is very nice and helpful. :) Pretty aloof pharmacy staff. They give conflicting information and seem fairly clueless. "This place is Not Closed! It is off the beaten path.. Veez is Old school.. Playboy magazines to yar at while your getting a cut and ashave.. Its laid back and doesn't apologize for it.. They have great girls working there... Virginia has been cutting my har for about 3 years now.. She takes about an hour with shampoo  I have happy hour snacks and sangria at Fuego... Makes for a fun time getting your hair did!  ;-)" Great salon tucked next to Fuego Bistro. I have been seeing Mara for years and I leave a happy customer every time.  I love that she knows how I like my hair cut and make sure that I don't chop it all off. Mara offers fantastic hair cuts for a great price! She offers hair coloring services and she does amazing work. She's the best secret in Phoenix! "This place has everything.  Even the old type double edge razors!  They also have the straight edge ones with disposable blades for $15 and $17.  I paid $79 for the same type of razor in San Francisco at one of those fancy stores that also sells tobacco.  The lady in the store was great too!  Very friendly and helpful. I have to say that she should be a model for shampoo.  I almost asked her for hair dye that would be her color!  Anyway  This place is like hair heaven on earth. Not only is there every sort of hair products but there is nail polish as well as nail instruments and accessories! Not only has this place been amazing but Renee is fabulous. She helped me out down to the color I was looking for and the perfect length and type of extensions for my hair. I truly feel blessed to have come across this place and to have met Renee. I will surely recommend her and this location to all friends and family!"  then style.  I saw a couple colors I liked in their packaging but she didn't want to even take them out so I could see them.  Instead. she showed me the style of the wig in an undesirable color.  I could not have been more annoyed.  If she needed help (although the store wasn't busy)  but the lack of compassion and service from the person helping me was just unacceptable.  There was no compassion and advise from the sales clerk.  I felt I was just an annoyance.  I ended up going to Arizona Wig Boutique in Scottsdale Renee is so nice she makes shopping for beauty products fun I always leave with everything I need to colar my hair and I also leave with a smile she is so funny she makes everyone in the store feel welcome  I give this store a 5 star because of the good times Ive had .  I love to listen and I learn  about all of the products    Renee know's everything about the products and it realy is entertaining to learn and listen to Renee with other customers even if im not buying that particular product she is just a fun kind person and I like to drop in and shop and say hi. The store is very nice really clean and organized with a great selection of product." I get all of my beauty products from this store. the manager is nice to me.  she is very knowledgeable and helpful. My friend and I were not only rushed most stores will go ahead and let you finish shopping and maybe say lock the door but we were rushed to be out of there right at 6 o'clock. We were in such a rush that when I got home I was wondering about the price that I paid looked at my receipt and I was charged twice for something then I call my friend and told her about it she looked at her receipt and was also charged twice. I don't know if this is a way to pocket the money or what was going on but it was funny that both of us were charged twice I really like shopping at this store.   the manager is so helpful.  The other day I was feeling blue and needed a make over.  She helped me pick out new makeup and helped me with hair color.  It was just what I needed. I  left feeling renewed and happy. I was looking for clip-in extensions to add a little length and fullness for my upcoming engagement photos. My hairstylist recommended I go here and I'm very happy I did! The manager color matched me with some great 100% remy human hair extensions that look identical to my hair color. I really appreciated her help as it's really difficult to try and match your own hair color when ordering online or just looking at packages of extensions in the store. She took the time to take a few different extensions out of their packages to hold up against my own hair to make sure we got the right color. They were also very reasonably priced too and can be worn time and time again and styled straight or curled. Very happy I went here instead of trying to pick something out myself that likely wouldn't have matched my hair color! "I went to United Beauty Supply to explore the option of using extensions for my extremely thin hair. Rene helped me choose the right product and spent a great deal of time teaching me how to customize and attach them. She was informative Next time I'll be sure to call ahead and schedule an appointment like a person with any sense of decency would. That's just part of exploring your neighborhood though. Sometimes you just have to dive in head first and give some new place a shot!"  I avoided getting my hair cut until my burgeoning mullet could no longer be ignored. I happened upon the Raw Salon because I live a stone's throw from it. I didn't have an appointment and had to catch a plane to Chicago in 3 hours. They worked me in  I called Raw one afternoon and Will gave me an appointment forty-five minutes later.  I was pretty shaggy but I needed to look clean cut and professional.  Will did a fantastic job recommending a new cut that fit my expectations  Terre!!  As long as you're in the biz and I have a job This place is great.  Terre has been cutting my hair for years and I wouldn't trust anyone else with my crazy curls.  He always does a great job and gives me exactly what I ask for.  Great Serivce at a Great Price!! BEST cut. BEST color. I'm a show-stopper when I leave."  the hair artists were so nice and professional. I left very happy with my new hair style.... I'm making this my new hair studio!!!!! give it a shot." XstmBqw2N9FahxXzlout4Q Terre is one of the few people in this world I trust my hair to.  I've lived in California and New York and still travel back here to have him do my hair!  He's great at what he does and he's just great to hang out with for an hour. Call him! He's gonna make you feel amazing!" I have been a customer since the salon opened 10 years ago. The owners Will & Rod provide quality hair care in a fun atmosphere. Won't go anywhere else ever! Love the new space - love the salon - LOVE my Terre! (But I am willing to share! Talent this big is too much for me to keep to myself!)" Beautiful and classy place! I've been a client of Steven's for a few years and followed him to this salon. He is a great stylist with a caring and friendly attitude. Highly recommend! Rod is amazing! Reliable and AWESOME haircuts! A must see!  explained why he was using the techniques he used and  appreciated that I brought in several pictures of similar cuts I liked and didn't like.  Very professional." Terre is the best color magician and stylist. The salon staff is terrific. Highly recommend this salon! "Trying to establish a hair dresser can be so frustrating at times But I called and scheduled an appointment with Rod & Will a couple weeks ago looking for a change and so glad I did :-) I went with a much shorter style than I have ever worn in my life and they did an amazing job on the cut & color both!! Thank you both  if you're in the market for a solid cut and/or color  I made an appoinment for myself. She has over 20 years of experience and it shows. She had some great suggestions on how to achieve the look I wanted   during which I lost 3-5 inches of hair. My hair looked horrible and resembled an 80s mullet. I went to another salon (Snapdragon) to get it fixed - the ladies there were shocked and confused by his (lack of) technique - and I had to have more hair cut to fix the damage from Rod. So much for growing it out.." This place is awesome! I am a medical student and a group of us came and educated their team on skin cancer awareness. They were very open and receptive to education. I feel confident that they care about not only hair but the health of their clients. I applaud this salon!  she delivered a fabulous cut that fixed a bad cut.  Just what I wanted.  And she is a lovely person with a great personality."  Raw looks... well... pretty raw. It's in a strip mall and doesn't really stand out. When you walk inside  friendly place you feel instantly like family when you walk in the door. I have been meaning to get in to see Terre for a long time and I FINALLY did!! I could not have ask for a more picture perfect cut then the one I got (which is an exact replica of the picture I showed him) can't imagine ever going anywhere else again!! Thank You Terre!!!"  especially coming from a ""stylist"") The stylist then began to wrap just a chunk of my hair around the brush and applied the blow dryer like he literally didn't know what to do. I was so upset. He then pulls out the iron and once again just grabs a chunk of my hair and tries to curly it. The way he was grabbing my hair was not professional at all and I felt very disrespected and asked him to not touch my hair. I called him out and told him that I knew from the start that he did not want to do my hair. He didn't say anything. After all that I walked out without paying him "Rod was great. Needed a cut last second and he was very helpful. Liked my hair after I left  wish I could get my face done more often!"  and then years later my entire wedding party.  I always walk out looking picture perfect.  I continue to frequent her to purchase custom blended foundation (as the other reviewer mention ) it is under $30 and it is a few ounces (maybe 2 fl oz) it last me just short of a year.  It is the best bargain out there.  No more wasting money on drugstore or department store brands that don't quite blend right or cost the same for only an ounce .  I also use Palmina mascara and loose powder." I am so happy with my make up consultation with Mary!  I am 57 years old and I can't believe the things I never knew about putting on make up correctly.  My make up lesson was so much more effective than any other consultations I have had at various high end make up counters.  Mary really knows her stuff and she helped me immeasurably because she really customized everything to focus just on me.  I highly recommend her to everyone - no matter what age.  capable and can do any cut or style you specify.  They're also very friendly and efficient in terms of the customer service they provide. Prices are reasonable. Definitely recommended.  Stop in today!"  no matter how silly.  All of the stylists that I've had for myself and my children have done a great job with all of us.  We're moving out of the area soon but I might consider driving back to this location for haircuts  mostly men and children and old ladies-- so if you're a chick who needs more done to your hair such as a consult  I recommend Marina.  She's been cutting my hair for about five years now and I only use her.  The people are nice there and if you want to get in quickly they have an online check-in app that will tell you what time to come in instead of waiting in que!" This specific location is closest to me and allows me to go get my haircut for a relatively cheap rate. If I get a better job (crosses fingers) then I would really prefer going somewhere else...But until then  I'm highly satisfied! Definitely the new family spot."  boy a challenge!"" She and the other two stylists were very friendly and chatty with all of us! I will defiantly be back to see Hannah and the other girls here! Thank you for making my day!"  not exactly the best quality but I can live with it" I've been coming here since not long after I moved to Phoenix (2006?) & I've only ever had 1 complaint. Great Clips is great! ;-) "Got exactly what I asked for and more. 4 stars because it seemed a little rushed (could be just me though) and I was offered to buy hair products I don't really need. Other than that  such a sweet lady :) She did a great job!! Go see her and don't forget u can check in to be added to the sign in sheet w the Great clips app!" I got my haircut by Tamara a couple of weeks ago. We had great conversation and she gave me lots of tips on how to grow out my hair. I'll keep coming back to show her my progress! "I had a good basic hair cut here last week!  I was really impressed.  The stylist legitimately listened to what I wanted and was able to do a basic slide cut to texturize my super fine Asian hair. I'm not sure I'd come here if I wanted a dramatic change to my style  and was super friendly. I wanted a simple trim and some layers and she went above and beyond to make sure my hair looked great. No wait time  Thank you Kelly and Michael! Both of you gave me fantastic hair!" - The only reason why I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is that they don't blow dry your hair at the end. That means you have to go home and blow dry it yourself. It's also hard to judge whether you got the cut you wanted when your hair is still wet."  but Maria is my favorite. She always cuts my hair the way I want it and is super fast about it too!"  sized up my hair and delivered a great haircut in 20 minutes while carrying an interesting conversation (unlike the head grabbers I've had who want you to play freeze and stop talking while they grunt and grimace). Such a great experience thinking about scheduling work trips just to get my hair cut here!"  one of the WORST experiences I've ever had getting a haircut." Really friendly staff! They really care about you. Just a wonderful place to get your haircut while enjoying a pleasant atmosphere.  there was a lot of work to do but I was out in 15 minutes. The cut I received rivals $60 cuts elsewhere  Took three months to grow it back out. Went in with a picture of exactly want I wanted. Ignored. Cut it back above my ears again. I asked why and was told it looked better. I wanted what I wanted Some drawbacks to this location are not being as clean as Walgreens is known for Pharmacy: They only have 1 person staffing this location. Takes more than 30 minutes to fill a Rx. Very friendly cashiers. I love it when you go somewhere and you can tell employees love their job.  I experienced 2 very pleasant customer service representatives and my cashier was eager to encourage the sale special. Coupons are such a fun bonus!  I prefer CVS and the customer service is precisely why.  I just was hassled and told I was unable to my returns as it was too many in one day.  After a total of $18 in returns the manager  I wait a couple of hours for a prescription to be filled.  They are as slow as molasses at this location and I don't understand it.  I use the one on 7th st and McDowell and never run into this.  I keep on forgetting that my kids home pharmacy is this one and I need to change that quickly.  I definitely will be using the another walgreens or CVS." Seemed good enough.  A bit messy as kids had been in toy aisle and left toys strewn about on the floor.  Had to wait for clerk to get $7 headphones out from locked display. My generic aloe Vera cost more than that. Guess headphones voted  most likely to be stolen.  and just gave her a few basic guidelines.  My cut turned out amazing!  I now have this punky choppy awesome cut I love Ulta for my hair products. I hate Ulta for suckering me in to buying too much stuff ! I already prebooked another appt with Kristina I suppose I recommend this for someone who is visiting to purchase hair products  no matter how big the line.  The rest of the staff is coagulated by this counter in between the make-up and hair salon.  I have no idea what purpose that counter serves because they're all clustered around it "I really like this store and have been going here for as long as they have been open. 18 or 19 years. It is always exciting to be rewarded for the products you buy. The more you spend the better prizes they have. They really have a very  good reward program. I love the gifts they give with the fragrance purchases @ different times of the year. They put out great coupons all the time which always helps with a purchase. I have tired the salon a few times in the past but  I do appreciate being acknowledged and I am even more a fan of having my questions answered in the event that I do need some assistance. This is not the case at this location. The salesgirls seem unfriendly and completely uninterested in helping/recommending/selling. I honestly wonder if being as unhelpful as possible is part of their job description. If it is BHFBi9eEQqzh8QaUYyngjQ I ordered a couple things from Ulta.com and had them delivered home over the holidays...may have to start doing that more often."  I followed her. I have been a loyal client for over 5 years because she is really good at what she does! If you're a first time customer there are usually coupons in the Ulta fliers." "It is like the normal Ulta store.  The parking kind of sucks.  I did find everything I was looking for but the check out line is narrow and if there are more than 4 people then you are lined up against product and blocking other customers.  The employees are so involved in their own conversions Another thing that isn't the greatest here is the parking. The whole lot facing Camelback Road is a total cluster. I started parking on the other side I know cosmetics and I know customer service.  Both have seen better days." "I didn't get ANY service at the Indian Bend store. And I do have to complain that in the past the totally fake ""Welcome to Ulta!"" got on my nerves. Wasn't comfortable in Tempe Marketplace store either. Made a trip to the Camelback store. Only waited a minute for ROCHELLE to help me. Awesome! Personable The stuff is overpriced. You can get the drugstore brands of makeup for way cheaper anywhere else. The coupon thing is a joke. The points are a waste. Spend hundreds of dollars for a free hair brush?! Are you kidding?!"  unfortunately I wasn't familiar with most of them so I can't judge how their pricing runs. I don't know if the fancy French stuff I purchased is truly high quality or just fancy." "Needed help since I never wear make up but want to look nice for a special event.  Nivre walked my through everything I needed  are great with their knowledge and are more than helpful in getting in what you need.  I had a reward points thing and I kept going back to the same lady three times in one visit.  She was very nice and helped me find what I was looking for."  I hope not to have to for awhile.  Lesson learned: do not put a toiletry bag with everything you own in your suitcase and check it through with your checked baggage Needless to say I'll be taking my money to another store. Probably the last time I'll shop  here." "Terrible service by the sales staff on the floor of the store. I was in a discussion over a item that I was buying for my wife and the sales person allowed a young lady with no apparent manners to interrupt and ask a question that went on to a conversation as if I was no longer there. I could  allow a quick question We'll it's close to my house and all and they do have products but it is the worst in customer service I think I just might start going to sephora down the road but I been here plenty of times and the ladies don't bother asking if you need help or anything . I walked around the store for a good 45 min the store is a bit unorganized --they seem to only help out older ladies 50s and higher but most of them will just be chatting with other employees . They need to do their job and work other than that it's in a great location .  the parking here sucks.  Protip: I suggest you park over by Fry's on the other side of the block.  Otherwise use the Ulta in Chandler for better parking."  I didn't know I could look so good. They didn't just put on the make up but explained to me how and why they did everything. I walked out of that Ulta a new woman feeling beautiful and everyone at my graduation was so surprised how good I looked. I am forever grateful and it was even expensive :)"   the shampoo and conditioner work perfect for the desert climate here.  They have a number of colognes for men also bit you can find better pricing else where.  They also have a rewards program based on spending.  Store is clean."  they called to say they double booked and I would have to come in earlier or way later. I understand things happen   price is eh just depends on what you're buying.  I get great customer service and that is super important to me." Finally I decided to wait by the counter in the middle because it seemed like the most likely place to be clear that I was not just browsing. During my wait there though The only reason I'm giving this 3 stars is because Rose is great! My brows always look amazing when she's done with them and she's super easy to talk to! I also leave without zero irritation which is important because my skin is SUPER sensitive. If I was only reviewing Rose this would be a 5 star rating. Maybe she should give the other employees lessons on how to wax!"  the shelves were full of gross samples swabs and wipes. There's no excuse for finding a used cotton ball full of foundation next to a bunch of lip balm. It was gross. I don't know if they forgot to clean up the night before... or the whole week before... but I was not impressed. It's not their fault the shoppers don't know how to use trash cans Went back one week later. Still filthy. Only one cashier handling a long line of people waiting to check out. Get it together Ulta. I'd rather drive to Sephora to get my overpriced shampoo. I just wish some people were more aware or what they were doing especially in a professional setting"  I've written this whole review while waiting in line. Again. I wonder how much cumulative time I've spent waiting in line at the Camelback Ulta? These are the thoughts I entertain myself with." "Would give -0 if allowed. BENITA in the hair salon is the worst at her job. Botched my daughters hair. Was to be hombre styles literally looked as if she put a hat on her colored it in the dark with two left hands. Horrible job. Will never return. Highly unlikely she even has her cosmetology license. Will be checking on that. Won't be compensated. However they offered to ""fix"" it at a later date. WTF. If she couldn't get it right the first time she won't get it right the second time. NOT HAPPY. stay away from this place." There is one makeup artist who is African American who only caters to African American clients  using color or bleach since my hair is dark dark brown and never had a problem. It took her a little over two hours to apply the color to my hair. That sounds like an embellishment but sadly I am rounding down. After what seemed like an eternity I was led to the back so I could sit in the chair with the heat lamps. She had someone else come in while I was in the chair and I wasn't rinsed until she had finished with the other client. Then I got a blowout if you can even call it that "I always shop at ulta and love to go down every isle making sure I don't miss anything. I rarely come to this location and I probably won't return. One associate followed me around the whole store every time turned a corner I saw her lurking and watching me I'm happy that I went to Ulta and met Jinny.  I'll go back to see her again~ next time for a cut.  I'm thrilled that Jinny did what Primp & Blow could not  oblivious to someone needing help.  I went in search of someone else and found a very sweet woman who worked in Clarisonic.  She said she would try and help me.  She went to the front desk and asked if there was back stock for the eyeliner.  The person there told her to check a drawer on the back wall.  Half of the drawers were not labelled.  She looked in several but couldn't find any Urban Decay products at all.  The one cosmetics employee stocking the shelves asked her what she was looking for but then turned away and offered no help.  There was another blonde cosmetics employee wandering around trying to find customers to try out samples on.  She did not offer her help either.  The original employee who was trying hard to help me  as well as a nice makeup reapplication after the skincare product consultation. It was all free as well (spent a lot of bucks on two products she used). Too bad there wasn't a sink cause she had to keep spraying water on a Kleenex when I could wash it off at a sink myself lol. Kudos to this kind of service!"  especially for the quality of service. The hairdressers are nice and friendly. They're skills seem to be a little outdated or sub par. One quoted a dry haircut for my daughter at $90!!! Seriously?!? We cancelled the appointment. I guess they set their own prices. We love the Ulta brand makeup and the prices are very reasonable."  they are constantly out of stock! Always the same products. (Who is ordering for them??) I may just start going to Sephora and paying more."  but don't expect them to go out of their way except the bare minimum."  but its where it is always parted so that's all that matters. She spends 10 minutes tops cutting my hair. I have very thick hair and it is very hard to cut. After she dried my hair I couldn't tell the difference. It was just as dark as before and mentioned this. She became very upset and said its 100x lighter its going to take many sessions. I had her re trim several areas that looked very uneven. And I pointed out that you could still see a line where my roots were. She said well come back next week and for $50 we will just put a bunch more highlights in. Umm no. I just spent $250 for this  however. So if you're used to a location that has one With the media so much glorifying beauty I found it hard that this beauty salon had horrible service" Went today and ended up waiting 15 minutes to get rung up while the (manager? assistant manager?) behind the checkout counter LAUGHED about how their registers weren't working.  Come on "if you are the type of guy that doesn't really care about ""product"" in your hair or things along those lines this is your place... most of the haircut is done with a trimmer but they do get out the scissors from time to time... my favorite part is that they shave the back of your neck with warm shaving cream and a straight edge... for the cut and pseudo shave it is 20 bucks (that includes a few buck tip)... everyone who works in there is foreign so it can be hard to communicate depending on who you get... but that gives you time to read the paper... oh yea they also pump people in and out so no reservations needed..." lXhrVkDUsSHebKa2Aa0EYg Why have I wasted all these years at great clips when this place existed?  I am a new loyal customer The barber shop (if not the salon) scene in Arizona seems to belong to the Russian emigres. A Russian shop at 19th Av. and Northern cut my hair for 6 years. A Russian lady in Ahwatukee cut my hair for a few months this summer. Now I go to this shop staffed and owned by Russian Jews (closed on Saturdays and yarmulkes in full effect). It's all good."  it is hard to ignore some of the long term skills of the valleys barbers like Mr. Mirzakan at Exclusively Mens or Sam as Goodfellas in North Scottsdale  get your hair cut with scissors. All for under $20 (plus tip). My Dad says it is one of the best barber shops that he has used--and they are very nice to us service dogs too!  It can be a little hard to find What I particularly love about this barber is that the staff won't press you with inane drivel and endless questions to strike up a conversation that'll be forgotten as soon as you walk out the door.  If you want to talk  at least some of them are from Uzbekistan). And the guy told me Senator McCain went there just for cut as he has an apartments in the vicinity at Camelback. He definitely prouds that he met McCain oAUrkq3BzH3EllhbIbs2TQ P.S. Nick cut's John McCain's hair. Thats pretty dope. haha" lXhrVkDUsSHebKa2Aa0EYg Lookin' Good Yelpers!" OnRoCRai--8XJHknWbCyYA My favorite place to get my hair did! :-) Albert is THE BEST! the prices are a tad high but no matter what you will always get a great haircut...especially is Albert is cutting your hair :-) "Shady pricing!!! I took my 12 year old nephew there and they charged me $17.00 for a fade. The price chart say that children under 13 are $14.00. When I questioned the inaccurate fee I was told that it's an extra $3.00 to get ""lined up"" which wasn't even given to us as an option nor was it on the price chart. We will never go back and we will continue to spread the word about their shady prices and hidden fees." "Great place to get your hair cut. I am new to Phoenix and was in a hurry but read good reviews of this place. Got a hair cut and my beard shaped for $25. Steven did a great job "Open on Sunday. You can get a shaved with straight razor. Friendly - never have things I like to watch on the television..."  I would like to say that I have found my new barber shop! The cut I got here was better than the previous And it cost a little less. I actually think Alex may have done the cleanest and most detailed straight razor work that I've ever had. I look dapper." "I live in NYC but do business once a month in Phoenix.  This is a great shop.  I have had my hair cut by 3 different barbers here and they all did a great job.  The shop is clean and everyone is professional.  They do not try to hurry your cut even if others are waiting.  It may be hard to find the first time  professional group there. Just needs a bit of dusting and updating to really wow."  I don't know what to tell them to do. Nick remembers it for me. You should mos def check this place out. I walk into other places and ask if they know what a Ceaser is and they are like what. I walk out immediately.  I asked Camelback barbershop that and they knew. I felt right at home. When I went to visit NY "This place rocks and is good for kids and adults alike. My husband has been coming her for a while and has always gotten a great cut. He has a longer hairstyle and a thick beard. So many other barbers are hit and miss with quality depending on who you get  zero guard fades I've ever had. I've been looking for a good spot to get cleaned up I am very picky when it comes to who cuts my hair. So I read the reviews about this place on yelp. I decided to give it a try. Let me tell you I was very impressed. Nick did one awesome job on my hair and was very friendly. He squared the back and broke out the straight razor for my neck. All in all it was the best haircut I ever got. Go see the guys here they are awesome Also check out the shoe repair next door After trying a few different barbers in the Valley. I came across Camelback Barbershop. Great experience!! The guys couldn't of been nicer. Great haircut and good environment. Recommend it to all. These guys are absolutely the best. Have been coming here for the better part of a decade and always impressed with their great service. Always affable and professional. When I travel to PHX and my barber is too busy in NYC to cut me. I come here and can rely on a fresh cut that reminds me of my barber in NY. Welcoming and always accommodate whatever style you need. lXhrVkDUsSHebKa2Aa0EYg Great barbershop near my work. They got me right in and did good job. Will be going to them again. Camelback barbershop is the best place to take a haircut because my haircut was a beautiful haircut which was nice everyone thought I was a hero because they said nice haircut.  but this relatively young brownhaired woman was like a bad joke. I won't be returning again  but I have been into this location many times and always had excellent help.  The only reason I am give 4 stars instead of 5 is because the store is so tiny and cramped it can be really hard to find anything ""For. Eveeer""(Sandlot voice) :-)"  maybe it wouldn't hurt to call." Well played customer service "Tried to use a BOGO coupon and they ""didn't know how to do it""........ Manager couldn't help either. The girls working there are less than stellar to be there and it shows. I think I have yet to find a decent sally's beauty in phoenix." Perfect for both men and women. You can find hair appliances If you need any beauty supplies but dread going to Sally's most of the time This location has loads of fake hair and tons of dye."  and just stand at the register all awkwardly so I'm not even sure if I can walk up and check out because like I said  Nadia's Hair Studio is one of the best - if not THE best - in all of Phoenix. She pays particular attention to detail and cuts your hair EXACTLY as you want it. Very reasonably priced too and very friendly. You won't be disappointed!"  she had other customers with appointments but she found time to fit me in. She did an amazing job. I've received multiple compliments in only a few days. I've noticed her clientele seems to be men. I'd recommend her to anyone."  I went to Nadia's and found it to be excellent and wonderful! Reasonable pricing and excellent work!"  Lindsay always takes good care of my brows and they use bumble and bumble products.  The salon is clean  the relationship progressed and I now trust him to cut my hair and color it. I love Rochelle's and am now a loyal girlfriend. Abel is great  great stylists are like great doctors- hard to find and with long waiting lists. Fortunately "The best people in town to trust your hair and body with hands down!!  If someone has jacked up your hair and you need it fixed go here...  Rochelle is awesome  professional atmosphere.  The stylist are top of the line and the services are always very satisfying.  The salon has an uptown feel about it that really compliments the business and makes all guests feel comfortable.  I would recommend this salon to children J-Wet_eJxuL53NaWx7l1PQ A great salon in my favorite part of town!  Go see Luci!"  I only had ""the basic"" (I quote the basic because it was incredible).  Towards the end she did this amazing facial massage that put me in another world.  Definitely plan for a complete hour with Karen.  You know how some salons say ""one hour facial  say no more--it was divine... I bought a special from LivingSocial...and since I've always wanted to try it but was low on cash...it was a great time to try it.   Love it....love it...  I look and feel younger  said he loved it! The color is fantastic and the style is gorgeous. He is also amazingly honest and i swear he has saved me thousands by preventing me from buying crap hair products/tools. I also really appreciate the fact that he shows me how to recreate the style. Nothing worse than leaving the salon and going home and never knowing how to recreate the style. Go and see the Rev!" "This salon is a great cheap alternative in the central phoenix area.  I had a totally decent haircut for $30  until I started getting a tingling/burn feeling on my scalp.. I asked one of the other stylist if they could call her from the back. My hair looked great but the lightening in the salon isn't that great so I couldn't really see a difference in my shade. Once I got home I noticed that I a had a mess of a hair color. The top part (roots) were alot lighter than the bottom. I called to see if I could reschedule. I got an appointment scheduled for the following day  she's great! My best friend is also a loyal customer but she's more conservative.  That's not a problem at Rochelle's.  They aim to please. The salon is stylish without being offputtingly trendy. The staff is friendly and welcoming.  Over the years I've probably had every service they offer...massage  her products are top notch and she's extremely reliable."  right?).  I also love that they use Bumble & bumble products!  Dania and Rochelle's have a customer for life." J-Wet_eJxuL53NaWx7l1PQ I just went here for the first time yesterday.  I loved it.  Jonathan was amazing.  He listened to what I wanted and I love my new cut and style.  women stop me and ask me who does my hair.  It has become a running joke when my husband sees yet another woman come up to me to tell me how beautiful my hair is.  Tina and I have been through 3 different hair styles now and they just get better and better.  She really is a wonder." Great job all of you!" Get my hair done every other week and never once have I had a poor cut. I stopped telling Tina how to cut my hair and just let her choose because every time it is exactly what I wanted without even knowing it. Rochelle cut and styled my hair for my wedding and it was amazing. The talent in Rochelle's is unmatched anywhere in the state/country. I highly recommend RSS. They are located next to www.Claritychiro.com  and phoenix fishing supply.  I make sure I always book an appointment whenever I'm back in town. She provides the highest level of service to all her clients and expects that and more for anyone who walks in the door I would highly recommend Rochelle's for a facial!"  massages and facials for long time.  The professional care and attention I receive is amazing. I was blessed to find this hidden gem and have made wonderful friendships." All of her stylist are awesome. Come by and visit. You'll love this salon!" Great salon!! Friendly and fun staff. Keep up the great work!  Dania is the BEST hairstylist I've ever used for my blonde hair.... And I have used a lot. When I was younger in San Diego I even would drive two hours to LA trying to find someone who wasn't going to ruin my blonde locks.  It truly blows my mind how many stylists just can't work with blonde hair and ruin jt.   Until I found Dania I would cry every time I left a salon. She is also very real with me about what looks best and is the only stylist that has not lectured me that I should go brunette....seriously such a relief.  Besides the great work she does she has also always been reasonably priced and is great at fitting you in for an appointment.  I am moving to Seattle in two weeks and am panicked again about missing her!  I might even need to catch a flight back to phoenix once every couple months just so I can keep my beautiful color :)" "I started coming here about a year ago when one of my blonde friends referred me! I cannot rave enough about Dania!!!! I get highlights or a base break every 6 weeks with a trim. She is always so accommodating and I have never received more compliments on my hair! If you get highlights done Overall my stylist was great but Rochelle's front desk staff did a poor job and didn't seem to care." BTW - do you guys do waxing?"  I knew it would be a friendship and hairship for years to come.  I love everything about her.  She is very talented and knows blondes so well." I have been a customer of theirs for 3 years. Everyone on staff are very professional and provide great customer service. I wouldn't get my haircut anywhere else. Interfacing with a cold receptionist/cashier at a salon and spa My review is about Cindy Casey--I went to her today for a haircut and am very pleased with it.  Cindy makes you feel right at home.  She really listened and did an awesome job.  You won't go wrong with her for a good cut. Belinda has been doing my brows since hmmmm...2004 or so.  I can't believe how pretty she makes my Frida Khalo brows look.  And her table is so comfy  Atlanta and Phoenix... And I have been to many an esthetician and one threader.  Belinda hands down has been the best I have been to!  She does magic with my eyebrows and follows my natural line. I'm never disappointed and she has such a fun personality!! I've been told that she has clients that have been seeing her for years and many have brought their daughters for their first wax.  Great service without a snooty attitude!!!" Kathy did a great job of explaining proper products to use on my hair having transferred in from the Midwest & now adjusting to the AZ climate.  She did a great job with my cut & helped repair some severely damaged ends!  Can't wait to go back for my color! When I am in Phoenix. Tony Signore is the only that can cut my hair proper. Thank you this is a great Salon. Pilar has been doing my cut and color for years - she is such a great stylist  and always makes my hair look fabulous -- Pilar is so great - she gives a wonderful cut and is a really great color artist. "I've used Kaoline Janko for 10+ years. She's very knowledgable about all types of hair.  She'll give you a terrific cut for your hair - head and need. I get lots of compliments on my hair from complete strangers. It's amazing!  I love my hair  won't go anywhere else.  She is FAST and METICULOUS and that makes all the difference when it comes to waxing!"  non cooperating and very dry hair. My stylist gave me great advice. A'lyce knew her stuff and my hair looks wonderful. I went to the movies after and a young girl came up to me and said  and cuts! Great personality. Every person I have referred has gone back to her. Moving to Phoenix from CA. I experienced many unqualified hairdressers Karoline is great! Best hair stylest in the valley. Excellent with cut and color. "I was in town for the conference and saw Elina for a facial.  She did a wonderful "Though I liked the location and loved the hairstylist I wasn't too pleased with the color.  I went in explained what I wanted but received something completely different. When I had called to see if I can reschedule I was told how to lighten my hair at home and if I wasn't happy to call again and they will redo my hair.  Unfortunately  Elina is a fantastic esthetician! She comes from a family of estheticians so it's what she does. I had a Brazilian wax done. I have a jewel so she was very careful around it. She walked through every step and never ripped without advance notice which is nice. I don't like when people just pull and think it's easier if you don't know it's coming.... Not for this. I made another appointment right then and there. Thank you Elina! Ps: he loveees it! They also validate your parking."  ever messes anything up. Amazing. Totally worth the price of admission. And to boot Karoline is just a really fun I purchased a Groupon for a haircut and partial highlights and was scheduled with Dallas. I thought she did a wonderful job listening to my request (trimming into a more textured lob) and weaving in blonder highlights. Very friendly and down to Earth salon in a nice area- located right under the AMC Esplanade. I will be scheduling another appointment with Dallas because I was so pleased with her work.  she's amazing and I regret I haven't gone to her sooner!!! Came out of there feeling so refreshed with my face radiating! Never had an aesthetician add a neck and shoulder massage to the service YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!" I have been going to Martino's for over 10 years. They are located in the Esplanade and offer garage paid parking. The salon is clean and professional. I love my stylist Karoline Janko. She has over 34 years of experience and is incredible at her craft. She's very precise and has transformed my hair which I just love! I would recommend Martino's and Karoline to anyone anytime! xkjlpiri9yY2diY9oJVQ3A  great stuff.  Love the mango lotion and the regular hand cream." Had Megan and she explained everything while she gave me a facial. I bought some face wash and cologne because I smelt like Brad Pitt! Loved this store.  The sales lady was so informative but she leaves you alone to browse.  Love their shea butter line.  :)  with great knowledge about products. Stop by here  perfectly polished feet. I've been happy with pedicures at the spa at Camelback Inn and the spa at the Royal Palms  but  the pedicure I got today was nothing short of a miracle.  I would recommend Raisa's Signature Pedicure to anyone and plan to go back in a few weeks.  It was an indulgence  I fell so let down...I was so excited and the follow thru was just not there I am really impressed with management reaching out and giving me a better experience.  I will probably go back to Lucy because the facial was wonderful.  I still think that the spa lacks certain amenities like steam and sauna.  With that being said I am going to increase my rating of Red Door and recommend Lucy." Great service!!  Just ordered a mani/pedi treatment from them over the phone for my mother-in-law.  This is an annual treat for her on Mother's Day and she absolutely loves it.  This salon is well organized and professional!  And my mother-in-law raves about the quality and service for months. "I love this place!  I live out of state and recently called Elizabeth Arden for a gift certificate for my mother-in-law for Mother's Day.  I have done this annually for her for several years and she had always loved the service.  I must admit that I was going to go to a less expensive place this year...cut backs and the economy.  After reading reviews online "All I can say is I got my wife a massage package for Christmas last year and she hasn't stopped talking about it. She was glowing for weeks. The staff was awesome about helping me pick out a package in my price range without trying to upsell me. I would highly recommend giving a package as a gift I can't wait to get back this summer and have another treatment at the Red Door.   I just hope Lucy isn't booked." The service was horrible and I was just waiting for my bad experience to be over with.  For a $55 (overpriced) pedicure I expected way more.  Never will I go to this sleazy spa ever again." The warm 'bucky' on the shoulders is an added bonus as are the complimentary neck/shoulder massages (when the masseuse has time)" You'll be glad you did." I would go here more often if I could afford it!"  but the 20 minute wait in their back waiting room was boring and a waste of time.  Massage was wonderful and the only reason I'd consider going back  you should accept beauties of all kinds.  You can't be intolerant."  I must say I was quite let down with the experience and will probably not be returning. The one plus of the trip was the nail polish - I have developed a new love for Essie polish that I may not have had otherwise!"  very friendly and relaxing atmosphere. She said they offered like a small upgrade. I am real happy to hear that she had such a wonderful day. It was a gift for her and Red Door Spa came thru in making her feel special and appreciated.I want to say thank you to all the people that worked there on April 14." Best mani pedi ever. A little pricey but worth it. Miranda is excellent.  but I will definitely recommend this place to friend$$$." "I had such a relaxing massage here after work one day. They are in a new location on the second floor with a coffee shop on the first floor. Everyone was incredibly attentive and kind. The dcor and overall feel is very high-end and very beautiful and clean. Definitely a great place to go if you want to feel like a princess. Oh so very Scottsdale ;)) Definitely not a bargain It was so long ago I was there I can't remember the service."  and I felt totally beautiful. The hand massage with hot mitts melted away any tension left in my body if there was any. Her voice is calming and she moves gracefully around so as not to disturb your serenity. She recommended the Cranberry Enzyme and I love the product. I'll be back for more pampering."  the overall experience was dampened a bit due to the fact that the ladies working up front were not the friendliest or interested in my feedback.  It's also just as pricey as the local resort spas but the facility does not compare.  If you're looking for a full spa experience "Had eyebrows done and esthetician ripped my skin off in two places. I called and spoke to the manager Casey and she was rude and blamed me for it. I explained I have had this done a number of times and never had any issues. She asked that I come back in and I was seen by a different esthetician. I saw the new esthetician who was extremely professional and relieved the pain I was feeling in my eyebrow. She apologized and explained to me how this could have happened. When we finished she thanked me and apologized once again. When I was leaving  clean and upscale.  Skin looks great the day after my facial- extractions removed acne  she really listens to what kind of style I want every time I come in and always makes it look beautiful.  I recommend her to all of my friends. She is also a pro at doing Keratin treatments if you're looking to get one done I am not sure about the other services. But there is a hidden gem here. Lucy is an aesthetician. I strictly go to her for all of my brow waxing. My brows are a challenge and most have royally screwed them up. My brows should be the test for beauty schools. Lucy is seriously the brow whisperer. Go to her for your wax needs-- she is in a class all her own. This is the only reason why I give them 5 stars. Also the front desk service is always attentive and super nice. Marie was great! Thoroughly enjoyed the signature massage. Nice relaxing and clean space. Only regret was my limited time. Definitely recommend.  finally made my way up there and checked it out.  The staff is friendly The spa itself is quite serene and peaceful. The staff members are extremely polite  my eyebrows have been ruined in the past and Renee has been able to get them back looking pristine. She always takes her time and is extremely detail-oriented. I highly recommend the Red Door Spa! If you do decide to indulge in this amazing experience yourself Came here from LA to get my hair cut and styled for a friend's wedding and couldn't be any happier. Elise did a wonderful job. Thank you!!!! #friendly #professional #experienced" When you are done shop and eat at the Biltmore Fashion Park."  but wanted to go a more relaxing route the day of my services. She was amazing! I had no idea how tight my muscles were and she worked some maaaaajor knots out of me. I definitely plan on booking another massage with her again  I enjoy coming to the Red Door Spa once in a while and I always call ahead to make an appointment with Lisa. Cheers till next time!"  cut and style. I have fine thin hair that is hard to make look anything but limp usually....currently I have it at bombshell status. Additionally the price was very reasonable for this area. And fear of cost has kept me from this salon before. However  plus the 60 mins massage.  Love the location (upstairs).  Love the look of the place.  But the only thing missing was the bigger relaxation area and changing area.  Maybe because I am spoiled by the Wigwam location  with a robe a wrap and a nice cold glass of pure water. In walks Maria with a smile on her face and she les me back to the facial area. I have to tell you it was the best facial I Ever had in my life. She was extremely gifted and I would recommend any and everyone to try it least once. I got the advanced brightening facial and I haven't had to moisturize my face since. That was three days ago. I am over the moon happy. I've already scheduled my next facial for October 12 which is in the middle of spa week. All facials will be markdown "I've been getting pedicures here for years. The service is impeccable from the moment you walk in the door until the moment you step out. I've only ever been to Helen because after my first pedi  mani and pedi. John was great for massage. Had Sharron for mani/pedi -- equally great." I definitely will be scheduling with both Jon and Lucy on my return trip in November!!"  you will never go anywhere else!  Amazing service  and makes you look like a million bucks. Highly recommend!" "Today I had a date with my BFF for pedicures. It was my reward ( and hers) after a long week at Mayo Clinic. We were both looking forward to this and got up early Saturday morning for our treat. Five minutes into my pedi the tech cut my toe pretty good which I know she felt bad about You gotta go.  Tell 'em Amy sent ya!  You will be awed by the decor!" The result: Fabulous and pretty! My hair felt healthy and the color that she put in is great! I receive a lot of compliments from my corporate America counterparts as well as my rocking friends. I've already set up an appointment for a return visit. Sherelle was super nice and so impressive  have top notch stylists and the decor is RAD! Love it! You also get a hand massage with your cut and color....nice!" SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ This place is HIGHLY recommended!" Thanks E's for having the such a talented staff! I already have sent one friend to Brittany(who loved her hair and is very picky) and my mom's scheduling an appt. This week!" Thank you Urban Hair!" "ERIN JOHNSON is the bomb! She is so friendly and gave me exactly what I wanted for my cut/color. You also get a hand wax while you wait. The decor is amazing!!! Wow. The whole experience is great  and was apprehensive about a new place. Pablo made me feel right at home. He's so quirky and spunky. Sincerely endearing and excited about his job. He dissolved all my uncertanties SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ  and I found it here.  Nate gave me a great short cut that I can style messy and piece-y and fun (my favorite look).  Only $35!  The place is trendy  I wanted to like the service. I even waited for a good deal of time after the actual cut to write this. I still hate it and I am still furious. I have not been this traumatized over a stupid haircut since junior high school. Thank you so much."  but I had the pleasure of working with him.  He listened to me and what I wanted.  AND it was like talking to an old friend.  It was a very comfortable visit.  Everyone was super duper nice.  They even stayed late for me when I was late getting off work.  I have passed out all of his cards to my friends after they all loved my new color.  I'm so happy I went to see him.  Don't miss out on this great salon!"  and he works with me every time! I recently got extensions and love them! I would not trust my hair to anyone else! If Precision cuts are what you are looking for then see Bryan B!"  the ""layer's"" she put in my hair were uneven on either side of my face.  So I had to come home and even it out myself.  I was obviously upset because she cut 8 inches off my hair instead of the requested 4 inches.   At least she didn't charge me for the haircut.  But no "Well... I guess it pays to not make a judgment until you've given something a couple tries... Got my second haircut here  sometimes I feel there are some subtle finishing touches that are missing I have been going to Ethan for over 10 years. I have occasionally 'cheated' on him with other stylists but I always go back because he is truly the best! If you want great color this is your guy!!" In summary: Go to Urban Hair if you want a hip but wearable cut I am honored to call E a friend and always leave the salon laughing after hearing some of his latest stories!"  he is fan-friggin-tastic.  All the people there are great... i love this salon."  but don't ever leave a message on the machine or have any weird thing come up because it will be handled unprofessionally and you will be out in the cold with hair color that doesn't compare to your newfound French Favorite!"  so I can avoid using gel and hair spray. He's a superb stylist. More than just some one who does hair. He DESIGNS hair. He's so passionate and educated about what he does. I'm the girl that never goes to the same salon twice. Pablo made a believer out of me! I could of never asked for a better hair do! When I walked in a year ago I started coming to Urban Hair two years ago at the recommendation of my best friend and I haven't been to anyone but Ethan since!  Aside from being the hippest salon in Phoenix the entire staff goes out of their way to accommodate and make you feel comfortable. Ethan is amazing - he has an amazing ability to visualize your best look and then make it happen.  I swear he's a freaking magician! I get compliments on my hair ALL the time - this NEVER used to happen when I was going to an overpriced salon in Scottsdale where I was paying twice the price. I'm a total die-hard - I won't go anywhere else unless Ethan leaves me for reality television.  Love.  it's really cute and chic. They offered me a glass of wine and went right to work with my hair. I even mentioned the Yelp ad and received 20% off on a reasonable cost ($30) of hair cut already."  because of some hair damage (too many highlights and too much sun!)  we decided to do the bamboo treatment which really improved the structure of my hair SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ  okay? Just do it. You'll thank me later." Just go - you won't be sorry!"  only because I'd love to see specific curly product lines and curly-care methods (no sulfates or harmful silicones  took great care executing it and did an awesome job with the styling. You can tell that she really enjoys what she does. Most of the time it seems that I can't wait to get home and re-do the blow out that the stylist did. This time  but looks are deceiving! This place is as funky and cool without pretentiousness as it gets. Everyone was nice...and I mean really nice...which was amazing because I have to admit I already had highlights in before I went in and the charge was $170 after I was done.  I thought it was a little pricey considering the fact that I was expecting partial."  from the quality of the stylists from what I've seen of other reviews & my experience there." SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ  and I'll give E's another shot if I am not 100% satisfied with the other place I am going to today.  I just feel like the experience starts the second you contact the salon  and you will not regret going to see him. I will be going back again and again to this place. They are just awesome." She is the greatest thing since sliced bread when you need a smile !" Daneli did an amazing job with my hair and was so attentive. My hair is really a beast to deal with and she managed to shape it into a beautiful glossy classic cut. I got pin up girl straight bangs in the front and some great layers in the back. I will defintely be back. Dudes...  I just got a Brazilian Blowout at E's Urban Hair.  Quite honestly the best thing that's ever happened to my hair.  I'm a total convert.  Do it and don't think twice.  hip stylish hair salon in town.  Not too expensive and you don't walk out with  a ""cheap"" haircut.   The decor is awesome Mention you are a yelper and get a nice first time discount too!!" They have had a little bit of turnover on the front desk attendant.  I've been the front desk attendant at a busy salon before (in another city).  It looks like an easy job but there is a lot of juggling "I've been going to Ethan for about a two years and the level of service on my past two visits has made me decide to look elsewhere. I just can't justify spending $150+ for someone to continually walk away and be rough with my coconut. The last time I went I specifically asked the appt setter if I would have enough time booking the appt two and a half hours before I needed to be somewhere (that was the only appt available). Well  but my results are also a lot better. I used Shawn and I wouldn't trust my hair with anyone else. He is very good at coloring and a perfectionist when it comes to cutting. He is very talented and artistic. I let him use his judgment on what to do with my hair and I have to admit it's not what I would have ever asked for  but I can't understand how E Urban can have 50+ reviews and maintain a 4+ star rating. It's possible the majority of their clientel are younger. My boyfriend also got a cut from another stylist at the same time and was equally unhappy. Both of us had chunks of hair that just stuck out an inch lower than everywhere else. It was not a ""style"".  I recently had my hair done at another salon and the experience was so much better it put in perspective I freakin' drive from Chandler to come here.... shit  I think the pushiness of the product sales is  unpleasant and borderline unprofessional." I don't really know what else you could want in a salon. Friendly "Love this place!  The atmosphere is fantastic and everyone is super friendly.  Chris did a great job on my cut - it looks wonderful and is very shiny.  I had Antonette put a few feathers in - and I love them!  They last for months  but he moved on.  Instead I was scheduled with Chris.  Chris did a great job and was very personable.  He also had some great tips to keep my curls looking good.  Thanks for a great salon experience.  I will be a returning customer." Thank you Daniela! I will see you next time!" SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ This is my second visit to E's Urban Hair and I loved it! So there's a certain style with the employees and clientele here and I definitely don't fit the mold since I look simple and plain jane'ish. It doesn't matter though! My haircut was great and the cut was meant for me since I don't spend that much time styling my hair. The stylist even curled my pin-strait hair with a curved flat iron since we happen to be talking about curly hair. I'm very happy with the results and the customer service. I will definitely go back and I will tell all my friends to get their hair did at Urban Hair!" "Been here twice and had a great cut/color both times.  Shop is really cool despite its inauspicious locale.  Daniela  and I wasn't let down.  I LOVE my new haircut!  Jonathan did a great job - I wanted a drastic change and he wasn't afraid to do it Darci did a wonderful job as was expected.  She really sets a high standard for hairstyling.  She does a great consultation and communicates clearly to make sure you're on the same page about what you want. She uses cool techniques to get the exact look you want. She works with precision and attention to detail and continues to fine tune and clip away little bits until it's just right. And she's an expert at curls. With curly hair Go and see this guy! You will love it." "For the best waxing experience ever - you must see Chelsea. She was fast and probably the least painful experience I have had ever. Maybe because she doesn't have to re-wax the same spot over and over again BEWARE of Dani W's Groupon deal for E's Urban Hair!!  Typically she does $30 for $60 worth of service and if you check the main website haircuts are listed for $40+.   When you get all done she will inform you that you still owe more money because she charges $80 for a simple cut and style!   Definitely felt like a bait and switch! The haircut was about average - not worth $80 bucks when my usual gal charges $40.    Fancy spa this place definitely is NOT!  people skills and mastery of technique make this a must for those who wander from salon to salon and find their lack luster experiences less than fulfilling and wonder ""What exactly did I pay for this?""....Instead you will leave feeling sassy Keep it up Urban Hair!" Jonathyn is an amazing stylist! He's very patient and an excellent listener. He's great to go to when you don't really know what you want in a cut or style or don't know how to explain what you want. He asks the right questions to figure out what you're truly looking for and then he makes it happen! It's shear artistry!" "If you aren't sure what you're wanting to do with your hair this is a good place to go. However if you know what you want... Good luck. Though my new hair ended up growing on me SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ  which is just a temporary space in the Exodus salon on Indian School and it was really awkward.  The guy I spoke with on the phone ended up cutting my hair in what was basically a storage room.  Him and the owner were the only two people who moved from the old storefront.  When I called to make an appointment I had no idea what I was in for.  I felt like I was being punked.  If the salon is not the salon as we know it anymore  you're the best & I'm so glad you found a way to help others."  just what I wanted.  Bottom half still tinted orange noticeably darker still.  Now I have to seek out another stylist to at least blended I really dont want to put names on here but I want to make sure that everyone knows its one person (dani) and not the entire salon." I've only been going here for like...14 years! They are always sweet "I went here because I wanted to try a new salon and I'm glad I did. There was no wait time and the staff was very warm and friendly. I had a pedi and a full set All in all a great find. I think I've finally found my nail salon of choice in central phx. Thank goodness!" "First-time visitor despite living in the neighborhood forEVer. What a hidden gem! Walked right in I have been going here for over 4 years. I love it! Every one is friendly and they know what they are doing. Kim is a real professional. I would not change for the world.  next time you're there...I urge you to look at the floor by the pedicure chairs.  There is an enormous amount of toe-nail clippings.  Eew."  as one other post commented I looked over by the pedicure chairs and there were nail clippings everywhere! Not just where one lady got up and they didn't have time to clean or something  but it's clean and service was very friendly. We loved the foot and leg massages and never felt rushed. Very relaxing. Only $18 for a pedicure and $12 for mani."  but Yelp just told me I never finished it.  So here it is Yelpers.  I like it!" Very nice people and very well-done pedicure. Very reasonable! Will definitely be back! "Looking for a pedicure for the teenager and myself today and very glad I found Central Nails. Kelly did a great job on my well worn feet and the teenager's manicure and brows! Very pleasant people Would definitely come back here!" "Stopped in here to get a mani/pedi after reading great reviews. It smelled like fresh bleach when I walked in and the place was very clean! Everyone there was very friendly and welcoming and I had a great experience. My manicurist spent a lot of time making sure my nails were perfect as I explained I was getting them done for a wedding. Fair price "This is my worst experience I've ever had. I wouldn't give them even 1 star. there is only one guy speaks English enough to understand what you want. I came there to remove my gel manicure. The guy Thanks Central Nails!" I don't know why the reviews are so high except for these people must have never gone to a clean nail salon!"  this place definitely deserves way more than one star! VERY Clean facility! Will definitely be going back."  and they have Christmas lights up...I was in Heaven!" I walked in and everybody greeted me with a warm smile and helped me right away. Suzie was the one to do my nails and she gave me exactly what I asked for (this has never happened before lol) I had an over lay done and a pretty simple polish done with a design on my ring finger. It's perfect! She was really nice and happy to help me. I think I just found my regular nail spot. I highly recommend this place." I got a scalloped French and she couldn't have a steadier hand. Average pricing. $40 for a full set "Suzy did an awesome job! I went this saturday (3/1/2014) and got a gel manicure ($25) and gel polish on my toes ($15). She did an awesome job on both! I arrived at the store right when they opened and I was the only one for the whole time I was there. I will admit its a little tough to find since they only have a large ""NAILS"" sign and the ""Central Nails"" sign is in smaller writing on the window. I highly suggest Suzy for the conversation and the service! I will be returning :)" "I dropped in based on reviews since I didn't have time to get my fill and pedi in Tucson earlier this week. Nice ladies with quick but detailed fill and pedi. I will come back if I'm in town. Nothing fancy  be sure to ask for Henry! He did a bomb diggity job with my nails. And (!) he's almost as funny as Susie." Bummed I didn't score a customer card that I've read about on here. I'll have to grab one next time!"  provided quite a bit of entertainment and had the whole salon laughing and feeling at ease. Fair price and great customer service... I am glad I took a chance on Central Nails and will definitely return!" I was a walk in.  They took me right in which I deeply appreciated. I loved my manicure! I don't wear acrylics and the last time I got a french polish the polish chipped the same day.  Little did I know that gels are the solution! Beautiful work! No chipping and looked great for two weeks. My nails grew out and still the polish looked great.  Will return soon to get a manicure! With the 10% off for checking in on yelp it was decently priced. I will be back." "This place was okay. They valued my appointment which is good. I came early and they took me right away. I felt it was rushed and could have been better. At one point I asked to wash the filings off my hands and she told me I don't need to I gave them an extra star for being open when NOBODY ELSE in town was.  Thanks My new favorite place! My nails look gorgeous! The ladies are soooo sweet and funny too :) the prices are excellent! I got a special spa pedicure w/French tips and a full-set white tips with gel topcoat for $58 and Yelp discount...$70 including tip. WtTF0_KzCunQpRoojbF5ww  and they even guaranteed their work for two weeks. Taina should try speaking up during a service if it is not to her liking. Geez." I asked for the manager and there was no manager avail." This place was very friendly and clean. Henry was the gentleman who did my nails and did an awesome job!!! And he's very funny!! For sure will go back!!  easy to get an appointment and good customer service." "First time here-- 5 minutes after walking in my hands were soaking. It was quiet Three of us came in and were seated together for pedicures within ten minutes on a Friday night. Service was good and the ladies and gentleman were friendly!  The two ladies I was with got gel manicures which were also done well. S38mSDCC1RIdxp6XujMbBg  and she did!! She was aware I was short on time and did an amazing job. I would recommend coming here if you are short on time and need it done pronto."  and I am so glad I did.  My daughter and I was able to walk right in and we were taken care of right away.  The staff was very nice and attentive. My nails were done with precision Looking for a great spot for a gel manicure for the 4 years ive lived in the area ! After trying what feels like every place on Indian school I stumbled across this gem. Suzy and Diane could not have been any more accommodating . I got the BEST gel manicure and pedicure . They really took their time and I didn't feel rushed at all . I Cant wait to return and be pampered again ! Highly recommend it !  I had to find a new nail salon. I have natural nails and always get a gel manicure. I am super meticulous on my gel manicures. I don't like it to unevenly bleed onto my skin or bubble up. I like them perfect. Danny the only guy who works there is the only one I let do my nails. Suzy is great but I think Danny does gel best! He recently started at this salon a few months back so the guy the other reviewers are referring to is not him. I asked! ;)" "I originally came to this salon because it was well reviewed and just blocks from my house.  This will be my forever salon because of the friendliness of the staff and the AWESOME job Diane does!  I prefer almond-shaped nails and she gets it perfect every time.  They are accommodating and always fit me in.  Affordable  fun and professional." WtTF0_KzCunQpRoojbF5ww Suzie is awesome!! I've been going to her for 12 years and will never go anywhere else!! Nails always turn out amazing and the staff is so much fun!  reasonably priced. I moved to the area recently and am thrilled to have found this place!"  since I've moved in the area. I refuse to go anywhere else. Suzy & her team are THEE BEST!"  we walked back up front so I could pay. And guess what?! Their prices are great! I'll definitely be back!" The prices are the better end of most gel mani deals you can get around town so I recommend this spot for specifically this treatment!" "Suzie and Danny definitely do not disappoint! Their work is always 100% on point! My nails love you guys My gels lasted for more than 2 weeks- and the prices are unbeatable!" Service was good but my account was overcharged. I agreed to pay $21 on my receipt and was charged $27. Be sure to check bank statements after using a card. Such a great place.  Got one of the best gel manicures I have ever gotten! Will definitely be going back!! "We love this place! The techs are nice and Suzie is a burst of energy! She did both my mom's and my tattooed eyeliner We loved this place. Five of us showed up without an appointment for pedicures and they accommodated us cheerfully. Did a great job on our toes too! Good selections of polish and the nail art can't be beat. Great way to get out of the heat too. If I could give zero stars I would!! For one I came in explaining my expectations. I don't ask for much but a good paint job and if you can't do good design well tell me. I was told they were good by the lady that had the desk in front. Well that was a lie!! My pedi no design matches and some toes do not even have a full design and she comes by and say really nice. In my mind I want to so are you blind!!! My daughters nails look like my 6 year old did the design which I was charged $5 for and all she did was take gold paint and made one squiggly line which does not resemble a lightning bolt. I end up walking out with out my nails painted and they charged me $215 for the worst service ever!! Oh and to top it off didn't even respect the Yelp coupon of 10% off LOVE this place! Always great customer service and Suzie always does a great job on my nails! They have a great selection of colors to choose from (gel and regular nail polish). The luxury pedicure was really fantastic and a great price! I definitely recommend this place. The women were friendly and didn't skimp on service quality. Loved my event tuxedo nails! I very much enjoyed this place very nice and awesome people.  I usually never stray from my regular salon but I might just have to make this  my regular place from now on. I won't be coming back here. They told me that the reason my design looked so bad was because it was hard to do... I ended up ruining my nails because he didn't make sure they were dry. Within 3 DAYS 4/10 nails lifted & fell off. I'd go back for a refund but I don't want them working on my nails again. Ridiculous." Great job!  My feet are so refreshed and what great detail!!!!   My daughters fill-in was done with great detail!  Thanks Diane and Lee!!!!! "Stopped by for a gel mani and regular pedicure and they got me in for both right away. They were all kind and very attentive. They took their time making sure the gel was covering the whole nail but not on my skin...which is important for gel First time here and it was a great experience. Great customer service and clean environment not to say my nails came out amazing and it's very affordable. Will be returning for sure "So happy! My girlfriend and I came in to have a manicure. She had coffin gels and I had a gel manicure. My tech 12/20- yet again another flawless visit :)"  and a terrific pedi. Great with my six year-old daughter. I will be back." One of the best nail salons I've been to.  Susie did magic with my acrylic nails and I also received a fantastic pedicure from another Tech. The other three in my party also received great service from their Techs and my eight year old granddaughter was treated with so much respect. The attention to detail was fabulous. I would recommend this salon to everyone. Too bad I can't take it home with me. "Excellent service & great price point! Got a gel mani. Wintering in Phoenix & found Central Nails on Yelp. Friendly "Found this place on Yelp and had never been before.  I am very hesitant to try new nail places but I ended up liking it a lot! It was a very friendly and professional environment.  I went to have gel done and my friend got a pedicure.  The quality of the jobs were pretty good but not the best WtTF0_KzCunQpRoojbF5ww Had appointment for 3pm called was going to be late got here 8 minutes late had to wait and was real dirty filthy so I left. I left because of the filth. "They were able to do a gel manicure and spa pedicure on short notice/walk in basis. They were friendly but unfortunately the male nail tech cut so deeply into my cuticle that it bled for about 30 minutes while he was doing my nails. He tried to stop the bleeding with super glue (or something like it) but the bleeding started up again when he was applying my color. I thought he was going to throw the bottle of polish away after he finished with me (since my blood was now on the brush that he used to apply the color and now  and they look great. He got a bit close to the skin while doing the cuticle and cut my skin. It's a very clean shop Amazing service from an incredibly friendly staff! The place was very clean and put together with bright lighting. The mani/pedi was well done with sterile prepackaged instruments. I would highly recommend this place to anyone!  usually when family comes into town. So I don't know what to compare it with. Today I went by myself to Central Nails on Indian School Rd in Phoenix. Now THIS is how it's done! Great service. They are gentle too. Next time family comes to town "Yes. You read that right. 5 stars. This guy did my mani/pedi worked me good!!! Like he was all over them like he owned them! After the foot massage "Gel nails that chip after one day for $30? This is the worst manicure I've ever gotten. Even when it was freshly done it was lumpy  which is normal considering it was the weekend and everyone was getting manicure & pedicures. When I got called back the lady said a warm hello to me then pointed to her blue tooth to signal she was on a call. The entire time she waxed my eyebrows she was talking on the phone...I'm all for multi-tasking but when you have a client present that seems a bit rude. Also Recently moved to Phoenix and drove 15 mins out to central nails based off of reviews from Yelp and I left very pleased! Susie is great! Very welcoming. Highly recommend !!  and they turned out wonderful. Another thing I loved was that she checked each nail against the one on the opposite hand to make sure they were even length -- I can't count how many times I've gotten acrylics and had them crooked or different lengths on each hand. I will be coming here again; I've definitely found my favorite nail salon in Phoenix so far!" Do not go to this salon! They overcharged my card twice (changed the tip amount) and refused to refund the money. The gel manicure was peeling off the next day too. Don't waste your money and go somewhere else. Terrible costumer service. Had my nails done on Friday somewhere else that I've gone to for years but hated them - went to have them fixed this evening after class. I love the people at the new place and she did an awesome job! I'll definitely be going back to Central Nails  if I'm in the area again I will for sure be back!"  she was great and very helpful. She also made my friend and I feel comfortable. Even though she was very busy Suzie always does a great job.  Quality work that lasts!!  The whole shop is helpful and seems to constantly have repeat customers.  When you come expect great work and a fun atmosphere. They're honest and only do what you want or need done! "Called and asked if they had availability to do 2 pedicures together. She said there would just be a 15 minute wait. Got there within 5. ""Are you the girl who just called?"" ""Yes"" ""Great"" we waited the 15 minutes and then they sat us both. They started on my friend when they were almost done with her (35 min) later came to do mine. I passed. I don't have another 30 minutes and make my friend wait for me. Next time just say you can only do one so we wouldn't waste our time and could have enjoyed pedicures together." The only downfall of this place is the nail polish selection - it really isn't great.  I would recommend bringing your own.  I haven't checked out the gel selection - I think they have a lot more options." Suzie is wonderful and fast been going to her for years she is the best.  She always Gets creative and she is talented  love her They did a great job on my feet and hands! I will go back for sure! They were friendly and very easy going. Prices are better than most places! My daughter and I just had mani/pedis here and they were great. We got the basic package but were surprised at how much time they took and how thorough both services were. My daughter also got her eyebrows waxed. Love this place and will definitely go back. "I have visited the Nail Expo on Indian School Road a few times now. I always get the same person (her name escapes me right now) and she is very good. She has done manicures as well as eyebrow waxing for me and I find her to be a very good waxer. The manicures were not perfect  but we were greeted and seated quickly.  The ladies did a fabulous job!  If you are looking for something special "I like them - I told my technician (Kim) that in the past my nails have not been shaped how I like them  they soon started to fall apart. After paying 25 plus tip I was hoping they would last longer.. They just were not made with love. I won't be getting acrylic here any longer." I hate that I even need to give this place 1 star!! The absolute worst manicure and pedicure... They made the nail polish on my toes so thick it already peeling not even 3 days later! I got gel nails for my mani and the side of my nails weren't painted so I asked her to fix it and ended up with polish all over my skin! I had to have big toe repainted 3 times because it was bubbling (left and came back 2x in one day) yea it's cheap but the saying you get what you pay for couldn't be more true for this awful place!!! So pay the extra 10 bucks and get nails done that your proud to show off! NEVER GOING BACK EVEN IF THEY PAID ME TOO!!! So I got a full set of french before Thanksgiving. She was quick and talkative but the quality of her work was awful! Within 2 days they were coming up and cracking on the sides. I did go back and the sister of the owner was happy to fix them but what a mess. I paid $28 for horrible set! I am very unhappy and will never go back! Find another nail salon! They don't use primer for the long lasting nail polish and then it chips. I went back to have the lady fix it and she did the same poor procedure. I wonder if they want your nails to chip.  esthetician school etc.  A shellac manicure and spa pedicure runs about 100 dollars before tip to give you a sense of the prices.  Oh and its right next door to a nail salon that is unrelated and not owned by them.  Do not do what I do and walk into the wrong place  and dangerous!!  Manicurist cut my cuticle and then cut Herself somehow. Didn't see a thing wrong with it. No apology. She didn't put on a glove!! She simply said ""it happens"". Unbelievable! I do not want a bloodborne disease from a salon and if you don't either stay far far away from this place. She was so casual about it!! Also  Michelle runs a tight ship and everyone here extremely professional and sweet. If you want sparkly glittery nails that'll knock your socks (or gloves) off "I have tried many different nail salons and this is the absolute best one I have found! Michelle is amazing and I always leave extremely excited about my new color! Everyone there is very friendly and inviting "Cate is just the greatest.  Though she sometimes pops up on Living Social or Groupon Their front desk staff is less than incompetent. Make sure you have a plan B  or mani/pedi when I actually went in for my blowout with Chris! Also had high quality eyelash extensions done by Nia for WAY cheaper than what most valley salons charge! Absolutely love the staff and will be back soon for my deep tissue massage and rock star pedicure! :)" "Tried out Salon 3121 with a Living Social deal .....   the Massage with Caite was Great!!!  She is a skilled professional and wonderful at what she does....  go see her!! ....  Unfortunately the Mani/Pedi was possibly the worst I've ever had!  It was basically a $50 polish change that not only had polish smeared all over my skin  but definitely relieved that I hadn't paid full price for such a mediocre experience."  one kind of sloppy.  My biggest issue is scheduling - it is practically impossible to get a pedicure appointment in less than 3 weeks!!! It's getting to be ridiculous and I wish I was done with my Living Social deal so I can just go back to my normal salon where I can walk in and be seen in minutes.  Missing my callous removal as well... not a complete disappointment It's a shame because this is a place I would love to frequent."  I left a voicemail to schedule an appointment and I am still waiting to hear back (it has been 3 days now).  For a $65 pedicure this is not the pampering experince I would be looking for.  Going back to the salons that charge a third of it and provide a much better service/quality.  Sorry Awesome customer service. Great products. And most of I love service and get lots of compliments especially on my hair...my favorites are Elizabeth and Jessica :-) I almost forgot Kelli awesome Brazilian n pedi's I bought a Living Social voucher for 6 pedicures and I have gone for 4 now and I really like it!  Love the foot soak that takes the stink off my feet.  The organic products are great and I enjoy the hot neck wrap and tea offered.  The nail colors are fun and Kathryn does a good job in a short amount of time which is great!  Not sure if I will become a member even though it is a good deal.  I love the decor and Paradise Valley vibe. I purchased the living social deal for the six organic pedicures. I had a very hard time scheduling an apt. When I finally did get in the experience was horrible. I was expecting a massage chair or something similar but was seated in a hard high back chair that you needed to put pillows behind your back to try to get comfortable. The experience was strange because they use an aloe jelly that makes you think that you are sticking your feet in a big bowl of green jello. That part honestly was weird but not bad just squishy :) . The bad part was the mud and salt scrub that left my legs raw and red. The pedicure ended with them putting my shoes back on to paint my toes. It was a strange and uncomfortable pedicure to be sure but the lady who performed it was very nice so I did tip her. Unlike the front desk help who would rather be on their personal phones talking about Face Book instead of check me out in a timely manner. I wrote a review before but it was taken down so I'm hoping there isn't anything here that is too much. This was just my experience and I'm happy to say I will not be going back.  thorough-a complete experience...I'm totally spoiled by the technic and the staff! It was the most relaxing day I've had in a salon. I've booked out for the next 6 months." I got in for an appointment with about 9-10 days notice; I would recommend Jessica & would go back. I have had many massages and facials in Scottsdale and this was a decent Business CLOSED... no call cancelling appointment.  Very poor form - purchased a three pack of facial/pedi's and doubt I will see any refund :(  you can try contacting Michelle and see if she'll make good on your prior purchase.  Not sure if she's selling any new packages Well.  Got a toe fungus after my last visit there.  I really was not expecting it since they used the plastic liners in the foot soak buckets.  Have to say I am disappointed and even though the atmosphere and the service was good; this makes me only rate this business as average now. Ona side note the owner of the salon has taken the time to come up with and manufacture a 'Salon 3121' range of products. This tells me that the business is a passion not just an investment. Overall There was one good thing though!---LEAVING!"  listens to what I want and I always leave satisfied."  so we checked out Supercuts. Even walking in without an appointment they were able to get both boys in the chairs within 10 minutes and we were out of there in half an hour. Both of the boys came out looking great and they were both very happy with the haircuts they received. I would definitely recommend this location If anyone knows where Ashley went please let me know!" "This place should be called ""Mediocre Cuts""" I left without having her dry it because I knew I would hate it even more and there was nothing I could do.  When I got home and it dried I realized I looked like a little kid who tried to cut their own hair.  I can honestly say I have never gotten a truly ""bad"" haircut and I really am not fond of complaining Thanks Supercuts. I will thank you every time I never return." This location for Supercuts is not the best experience I had.  The stylist that shaved my head was not knowledge and was too afraid to use the hair clippers to shave down to stubbles.  He was not that great but friendly and nice guy.  I would hope they can shape things up to have better stylists and knowledgeable.  but it has gone downhill since he left. She even reprimanded me for language. I refuse to go back. I will hunt my stylist down  she didn't even clean up with a warm towel like they always do. When I brought it up she argued with me saying that I was rude and that customers are not always right. I never got on her way of cutting my hair I just didn't talk to her while she was working on my hair cut and is my thought she took  it personal." "Rodd is a true professional and has the credentials to back it up.  Not only has he been an acclaimed makeup artiest for a vast array of bonafide Hollywood stars  a dedicated professional with many decades of hair and make up experience who honed his skills working with major Hollywood stars. Rodd is a talented performer in his own right who regales his clients with  anecdotes from his current and former acting gigs. He is a good listener with a heart of gold and always goes above and beyond to give his clients exceptional results. Both Rodd and his wife Jo They are the BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I always wanted hair extensions for years but was told I was not a candidate.  Went to see Rodd & Jo and they gave me the hair extensions of my dreams!  Rodd told me how to treat my hair to make it healthier.  They took their time with me and I enjoyed the entire process.  I will be a lifetime client!  They made me so happy! Stupid pharmacy. I want my drugs!" As soon as this last prescription they've messed up (without telling me) that I'm waiting for comes in I haven't had any negative experiences here. The pharmacist has been helpful  but this location is set up in a way that makes me partial to it compared to other locations.  Their wine section is absolutely amazing and has fun new labels at great prices & often has awesome specials.  They also have a great selection of liquor like Pinnacle Vodka (whipped cream flavors) etc." Don't waste your time with this store chain..Not worth it"""  which are usually on sale for $6.99. There was a sign posted which said $6.99..they rang up regular price. The rude lady stated that she would not change it because the sign was wrong and should have been taken down. (She saId this very rudely)  Ummm excuse me...we believe people should honor the price that's up..it was their mistake not ours. The cashier Katina was sweet enough to call the manager up to refund us the difference."  but I guess that can be expected. I've never really had any issues with the pharmacy either If you must go because of the location I recommend audio taping every conversation with the pharmacist!!!" I love this Walgreens! Go there for all my Pharmacy needs.  high quality. Ordered the beef Wellington and it was done right. Service was attentive and friendly. It was Valentine's Day and they offered some lovely sweets at the end. The decor was ""classic"" but the blue tufted booth seat was uncomfortable. Lighting was a little off http://www.therelaxationspa.com/" I will be going back for one next month.  It's nice to have this simple yet elegant place in the neighborhood with such good energy. I love good business!" Great personality and I couldn't believe the difference between this massage and all the others I have received in the past at other places.  I came out really feeling like my muscles had been worked."  I plan on returning."  the staff was friendly and the place appeared to be clean" I scheduled massages for both of us at the same time for a Sunday afternoon. He opted for the Deep Tissue Massage with Traci and I had the Therapeutic Massage with Kelly. It had been a log overdue treatment for me and Kelly was AMAZING. She was gentle yet firm in areas that needed to be worked through and my body felt like butter after it was over. I was also pleasantly surprised that she asked me if I wanted the oil removed from my body. Yes "I was visiting Az and had a the pleasure of getting a massage from Traci. She was awesome made me feel comfortable and worked out some of the knots that have been bothering me. I just wish she was in  the bay area  but then may not go for months. I have seen 3 different massage therapists over the past year and all 3 have been fantastic. I don't even request a particular therapist because I know whoever is working will be be great. I prefer smaller You may also need to call them ahead of time as they mentioned they could get busy on any day. I lucked out as I called last minute while in town on a biz trip and they were able to slot me in right away for a 90 min therapeutic massage just an hour after my call. I wish though that all therapists were trained for all types of massages because I would rather get a deep tissue massage (very deep  nice decorations and the people are all very friendly.  The massages are moderately priced so if you're looking for the deal of the century  and the people are super-friendly.  My wife got a massage here (and I waited in the calm I woke up this morning feeling stiff and achy and really needed a massage.  I found this place on Yelp and decided to stop by and see if someone could squeeze me in.  My therapist was Rochelle who was super friendly and professional and she was able to see me right away.  My massage was amazing!  I was never a big fan of massage in the past as I always ended up paying $100+ for a resort or spa massage and thinking it wasn't all that great.  I finally found someone who really gave a thorough and relaxing full body massage.  The hot towels and streching techniques were an added touch that no one else had done before.  I feel so much better!  This was very reasonably priced for a full hour Swedish massage.  You don't need to go to a resort or fancy expensive spa for a great massage.  This is a cute little private place with a great ambiance.  I will definitely be back! :) I have had many massages all over the world. Kelly is one of the best . The place is very clean  and welcoming  but what they meant I think is that it's not huge and spendy like other places around. It is a sweet I will be back as my belly (and aches) grow. I can't wait!!" "I'm neurotic and stress myself out to the point of giving myself migraines. My neurosis also causes me to work out like a maniac. Tracy helps alleviate the symptoms of both conditions. She is amazing Thank you for the rockin' massage!!"  so who knows if it would have happened otherwise . . . but I still appreciated the gesture).  If they can get the booking glitches ironed out I'll be a happy camper." I received a gift certificate that I let expire. I called and Traci honored my gift certificate - and I'm glad she did because I don't think I would have given it a try on my own. Traci is wonderful. It was the most relaxing hour I've had in a very long time. I enjoyed it so much that I made appointments for my daughter and fianc for the next day! Soothing and relaxing ambiance. Very clean. I will definitely be back. High quality service at affordable prices! Try it. You will not be disappointed. "yesterday I really needed a massage and wanted to try a new place to get relief  listened to my needs and has great tact. I paid $80/hour for a custom massage. The Swedish is a little cheaper ($60/hr) but I like a little more pressure. The custom massage was the perfect fit for my needs. They also got me in same day! I highly recommend this place and I will definitely be coming back!" Massage so good I booked another for the following week. Went in for back and sore hand and I feel awesome. Great atmosphere too. This brings me to Susie. She is possibly the best massage therapist I have ever had. I've had my fair share of fancy massages and none of them compared. Now when I'm hunched over The location is an older house - it is nicely finished.  It is clean and the tables are comfy. Standard pan-flute music." Had the greatest massage ever with Kelly. What a sweet and talented therapist. I went in for a sore shoulder (got yanked dancing) and she helped it SOOO much. She really focused on the sore area but then integrated the work with my whole body so I felt like I got a complete and balanced massage. Very thorough and good pacing. Good touch. Very competent. Nice extras like hot towel wipe down afterwards. I will be back! "I have been to this place several times.  My back is constantly fatigued due to the type of work I do.  Repetitive work in awkward position has given me constant back and neck discomfort. This place has honestly saved me.  Thank you so much!!!  The atmosphere is relaxing  she had a gentle touch and special touch that released the soreness and tenseness from my muscles. I definitely recommend this business to anyone looking for removing the stiffness or just want a relaxing massage. Thank you again Brooke!! Make sure you hop on Game of Thrones asap!"  which was ultimately what needed work. She informed me to remain super hydrated and this would help release more toxins. The next day I felt GREAT! And felt new sensation in otherwise hidden muscle tissue I'd almost forgotten was there. Thanks for the awesome massage!" Phoenix Therapeutic Massage & Bodywork was an amazing experience.  Went to get a deep tissue massage and it was the most relaxing and enjoyable.  They offer a variety of services to chose from I highly recommend that you try Phoenix Therapeutic Massage & Bodywork you wont be sorry. V's has now opened another location down by the new AJ's in Chandler next to AJ's on Chandler Heights Rd They actually do the shave with a straight blade and the hot towel and shoeshine are complimentary with your cut. I would reccomend V's to any guy looking for a good cut in an atmoshpere where you feel like a local magnate in the community."  and some friendly young Eastern European men to make small talk with- but it's even better because these guys have some mad hair cutting skilz and their straight razor shave is super smooth.  Do the hot towel and you're a fan too."  where the time goes....."  with the exception that they have small lcd tv's at each chair.  Not that you would need them though since the barbers are all great to talk to should you feel like a little convo with a haircut."  let alone for a drop by hair cut.  It is making me change times for hair cuts from my usual post work (5:30 to 6 pm) to sometime in the afternoon and heading back into the office afterward.  Oh well ""Involuntary Shudder""..." Yes it is located next to a busy restaurant with Arcadia Tavern but they do help you out with free valet. If you are looking for a good haircut go to V's on Indian School and ask for Rony." I highly recommend Ronnie for his professional services.  From the time I walked in the door to the time I left  get your shoes shined or just to hang out with the guys  this guy's a freak of nature with a razor in his hand." My only complaint is that their loyalty program is pretty much nonexistent.  They tout it and I have given them my email.  But in my 8+ years of going they have never sent me even the smallest promotion or discount."  she switched the tv to Nick and made him play.  This place has the great barber chairs and has a great musky smell. They sell giftcards and so a great gift for the male in your life. At the end they gave my son a certificate for completing his first haircut."  so you might need to valet (complimentary) or park across the street. Saturdays are really busy so if you choose to walk in prepare to wait a few  and barbers sometimes make me feel guilty for making their lives difficult. Nodari cut my hair Each regular cut ends with a straight edge shave and hot or cold towel Too expensive for a haircut.  Shoe shine?  I am wearing flip flops.  Everyone wanted tips. Love this place. Great haircut and shoe shine. Would recommend. byzQuxKTO8huhkPTTsTWoA Worse - Parking is a nightmare. They share this extremely small parking lot with a very popular tavern. Parking is across the street at Safeway if it is crowded." Got a good haircut. Could use some work on communication with the customers. Keep up the good work!" I received the best haircut I've had in ages. I saw a barber named Josh who had been recommended for his skills. Josh worked very fast which made me a little nervous at first because I've had a lot of disappointing haircuts at other places across the country but I can easily say I will be a regular here and I highly recommend V's and Josh for his excellent work." A tip to everyone out there. Please wash your hair before going to the barber out of respect for the staff. No one wants to finger through greasy They use great product ( art of shaving) and everything is clean and organized. They are a little pricy but we are talking about your face here!" If you're looking for a quality professional barber go here." Still great. Easy in and out. Always there to give you great service. Keep up the great work in. Arcadia  they'll get it right. Then comes the warm lather and hot towel wrap. I swear I have fallen asleep at this part. So relaxing. Then comes the shaving itself. They take their time here. They get it right. They go over and over and make sure you have a smooth shave. Then another round of the hot towels and finished up with some after shave and you are out the door to go conquer your next battle." I've NEVER gotten a bad haircut at any V's Barbershop  and it turned out great. Love the hot towel shave as well. Very reasonably priced too for the fantastic service you're getting. Won't go anywhere else now!" They close at 6 and that's that.  Don't ask for any favors.  As a loyal long time customer I got turned away right at 6.  Always great service and a great cut but after this I'm seriously considering taking my business else where. byzQuxKTO8huhkPTTsTWoA And that was and will be my last visit to V's Barbershop." "I've been going here for about 15 years and would recommend V's to anyone and now that I have two sons they also go to V's.  While I will sit in any open chair since everybody is friendly and does a great job  but ended up at this spot based on Yelp reviews and got my TOP 2 best haircut experiences ever. Great experience in the shop  and professional. If you make an appointment they are always ready right away. If you don't If you're used to going to salons and having professional cuts  but professional barber. One of the best haircuts I've had. It's worth the extra few bucks..." definitely my new barber spot. Being in Arcadia I wasn't sure if it was going to be my style but all the barbers are great. I've had cuts by the fellas in the 2nd and 3rd chairs Richard and Josh.Both guys are on point. They listen to what you want and make sure it looks clean before you walk out. Richard uses mostly Oster. Josh uses Oster but something else too that I couldnt tell at first glance (maybe an older Andis). They all use Derby blades in the straight edge. The corded massage thing is all right ...next time I'll be ok without it. I come through to walk out with fade thats on point and its happenned every time.  will keep setting appointments for the foreseeable future. No complaints here."  shampoo.  The facial was a very relaxing.  I never knew what I was missing!  This place is unlike any shop I've been to.  Service was second to none.  Alex is great!  I would recommend this as a great Christmas gift for any guy."  I called the shop and asked to speak to a manager who hung up the phone after I voiced my concerns. The disrespect and lack of cliental accommodation is atrocious. The sense that the barbers are ""too good"" for some peoples business is a heavy vibe in the shop. Although the skill may be in the shop "Found this gem when I moved into the neighborhood and so lucky I did! The experience here is second to none and barbers are top notch! I did a cut and shave today with Gus Alex is the best barber in Phoenix and I go out of my way to have him cut my hair.  and an all around great experience getting a haircut or shave!!" Would highly recommend it!" "I love this EOS tanning salon! It's the coolest salon i've been to in Phoenix. It has the airbrush tanning service now which i'm addicted to. But excellent beds as well. The people there are super friendly and very helpful. What stands out about this salon is the feel "Same boat.....prepaid package for a suddenly empty store.  Talked with the business next door and they said they disappeared suddenly Sat before last.  If anyone else gets any information regarding the owner's contact info or any legal action I had one training class and the trainer left the gym. I asked for a refund and they charged me three more months!!!!! What a scam! It has turned out to be the most expensive class ever !  has always been a pleasant experience.  Katie is a coloring master!  She definitely knows her stuff and I've always walked away from her cuts and colors a happy customer.  I know at least 20 other people who won't let anyone but Katie touch their hair...she's that good.  Highly recommend her!  Oh yeah My skin looked and felt great afterward!  I'll definitely check her out next time I'm in town.  Plus lauren is amazing! she even texts me to follow up a few days after my appointment to make sure i'm happy with my hair. i highly recommend her." Lauren is fabulous. She schedules her appointments on her cell at 602-435-6199." Annette Garcia fixed a major mistake of another salon on my hair - Yea Annette to the rescue. I walked out looking sassy and feeling better than ever. Then she suggested getting a new lipstick and the make-up lady found a new color that popped. Go here if you really want professionals that care about their work and how you look and feel! This salon has the most professional staff. Cynthia is my stylist and she is always on time and always has given me great cuts. I know my hair will looks its best when I leave this salon.  yet she always gets me in when at the time and date I request. She really provides superior customer service which I greatly appreciate." "The place is a nice backdrop for Jennifer ""J"" that does my hair. She is a fantastic colorist.  I won't go to anyone else.  Definitely worth the thirty minute drive."  the atmosphere and Jennifer's knowledge and expertise. The service was performed perfectly and I wouldn't hesitate to refer her! It's obvious that she is a very skilled aesthetician  I found this salon 5 minutes from my home and on my route to work.  Perfect location with a recent review for a particular stylist (Lauren) and her impeccable skill with curly hair.  I made an appointment and I am impressed.  She did an amazing job No establishment should ever leave a customer feeling that their business is not needed  I was instantly uncomfortable.  Its hard to explain what made me uncomfortable...maybe just me?  The salon is nicely decorated with an antique theme.  They use great products.  What I really didn't like is that I was in and out in 1 hour with color and cut!  Their prices reflect quality work I have been going here for about a year. I found this place online and called to make an appointment because they are close to my house. They scheduled me with Ashley Nelson. She is super sweet and amazing. She always gets the color perfect and the cut always looks great. I will not go to anyone else. My suggestion is to make your appointment in the morning as parking gets a little crazy closer to lunch time because its a busy plaza. I would highly recommend this place.  she is also the best at extensions. Great local business to support. Very convenient location no matter where you are located in the valley" I have been going to this salon for a few months. They seem to have good hair products but are a bit expensive. Great Salon! Ashley Grubbs does my hair and she is awesome!  Brittney for all skin care needs!  Really great place!  fine and there's a lot of it.  He makes it look beautiful with the cut and he's a MASTER at color.  I always get lots of compliments on my hair.  All of the salon locations are beautiful.  Great local business to support.  Go see Thomas - you'll be so happy!"  but she is great at what she does! My hair was a mess. I don't know how she did it "I tried this salon to see if I wanted to use them for hair and makeup for my bridal party. I paid them in full ahead of time. The woman in charge was hard to get in touch with most of the time. The day of the wedding the assistant was scheduled to be there at 8 am. By 8:15 I was calling her - she wasn't there and she didn't answer her phone. I called her 3 times and left a voicemail and by 9:30 she still wasn't there. By 10:30 they both showed up. Neither one of them ever apologized that they were late Perhaps you can extend some professionalism and honor your offer. Fortunately  now I'm at home I see it doesn't match the other side of the back of my head.  Ok....if this was Super Cuts or something like that I'd just live with it.  NOT Leiden Mitchell....I guess with a Groupon they give you a half price cut."  but Like most of us..she's busy! If you can't reach her right away just text her. (For groupon users her # is the one in the instruction box on how to use your groupon with her. Not the one for the salon at the top) Her work was worth the 5!"  and all of the other stylists and front desk girls are always really nice. If anyone is looking for a new salon or cut/color stylist  and she ALWAYS treats you so well. You can't beat a $68 haircut and blowout in my book. She is amazing. Go see her!" Definitely recommend!! I have seen 10 of the hairdressers (I live out of town so I just call and take whoever is available) and I have loved my hair every time! The atmosphere is beautiful and every employee I have asked loves the owners and loves working there. You really can see anyone - they're all so talented.  knows exactly how to give you the results you had hoped for - I went from very long to very short hair and she cut and styled it so well - better than I could've imagined!!! I'm 100% satisfied every time I go - I never have that feeling of ""Should I say something to fix this or that?""...I'm always happy with the results. She also is great with my color - always turns out exactly how I want/picture it and I'm always getting compliments after any cut/color/style she does for me!!! I highly recommend seeing Veronica for any hair service needed!" It's a great salon in the Arcadia area."  because she does a great job on curly and wavy hair.  I have lived in Phoenix for 31 years.  Some stylists have done good work with my hair but only when they blow dry it straight. Since I don't blow dry my own hair "The staff here is great very friendly and always greeted with a hi & smile! I get my brows done by Jessica she is the master of brows! The salon is clean and professional  but I swear to God the young lady cutting it was intentionally jabbing me with the sheers."  but certainly worth the money they were charging. They are often busy  colored and styled my hair did an awesome job. They are just as good here as a salon you might pay twice as much at. So glad I stopped in."  Roxy was very calm and provided great service to everyone that came in for a cut.  Roxy was very busy and everyone loved their hair when they left!!!  You have two great employees in Gavin and Roxy!  Supercuts is fortunate to have two employees that are great with color  that I made a check in and was put in a chair right away.  Gavin took the picture I had and made it look just like it but still left a little wiggle room just in case I really didn't want to cut too much :)  Well My next visit will be color! I Love My Haircut!"  after three cuts he had it down and all I do is sit and he goes to work. Good guy to small talk with too. 6 stars from me"  adding a few touches to the overall shape to make things easier in the mornings. While I was adamant about visiting Gavin for my first visit to Supercuts "Totally awesome haircut by Gavin!   HE also made very helpful recommendations for hair products for both my son and I.  Gavin is professional and cool.  My sons hair isn't easy to cut Thank u for the reviews we really try our hardest to keep everyone looking beautiful and happy.. Holly is one of the few people I've been to in this town that can cut my fade like it is supposed to be done.  I have had so many people try to high and tight my hair or just unable to get the fade properly.  Great Clips is very reasonable for price as well as I am in every two weeks to keep my hair short.  if you walk into this location looking to get a haircut and Holly isn't there "Well you've really out done yourself this time Great Clips on 44th & Thomas. Thanks for the usual shitty hair cut. This time the ""professional stylist"" cut my hair with the wrong size clippers The absolute worse haircut I've had at this establishment."  a friendly face did greet me as soon as I walked in. She chopped my hair exactly how I wanted it. My chunky over grown home slashed bangs were no longer a mess and soon my one length hair was styled beautifully with layers. I am 6"" lighter and loving it. I would definitely come back without hesitation."  you really needs to revamp things. You've given yourselves a bad reputation." I didn't catch the name of the super duper woman who washed my hair. But she's a doll. Pixie hair cut. Blond. Nicest woman ever!" "These girls that work there are so bitchy. They were so mean to my son. So unwelcoming! I will never ever bring my family there again! I thought they can manage a trim  13$/haircut!  She even knew about my natural curls & told me how that would work w/haircuts I wanted. Thanks!" For the price of a mediocre lunch at Applebees I had a great experience at the Royal Palms." we couldn't have asked for anything more. i know it's in phoenix which is not always the most exciting place  private Alegria garden.  The Royal Palms was the first and last place we toured; we just absolutely love this resort." I just came back from Royal Palms this past weekend and we had one of the best trips. Very romantic place for couples and at this time  the staff well ok I guess. They of course could not find the reservation even though my sister had already paid and I have the confirmation number. So we sat in the lobby area for a bout an hour and a half while they figured it out. Finally they sent us on to our room with a lead. He showed us the room and asked if we needed anything. Nope was our reply. The room was nice if one is in to the look Best Hotel in the Valley... very expensive but when i have done comps it was actually cheaper then sanctuary... the staff is top notch and they enter your preferences in their computer system so when you come back they remember what you like.  so I'm a fan. Courtney their catering manager is great. I'll update the listing after the big day!" T Cooke's has never disappointed for client meals or romantic ones. Love this place. Love." After my massage I wanted to have lubch at the pool. Impossible! The pool is in a seperate area so you have to compete with everyone staying at the Royal Palm (not to mention some Scottsdale crowd locals) to get a space at the pool. I had to brave walking to the pool in my robe from the spa (sounds silly but it was annoying). Then 50  LOUD douchebags had taken over the entire pol area and were partying and giving others the once over. I was just trying to relax! Of course there weren't any chairs left at the pool  weather we are in a smaller summer discount room or a suite in March for spring training. The employees of The Royal Palms Inn will go out of there way to assist you to the best of their ability "Anyone who can find fault with this establishment is impossible to please...period.  This resort is exceptional in nearly every way.  The grounds are extremely intimate and phenomenally well designed and maintained...exotic the setting and the wait staff made it so easy to have a wonderful wedding experience.....there will be anniversary trips back to the Royal Palms in my future for sure!!" The spa is small but very very nice One of these days we will actually spend the night at the Royal Palms This gem of a hideaway was the perfect spot for a light bite and glass of vino on a rainy Monday night."  probably the best resort I've stayed at in Scottsdale so far.  Our room was a terrace suite over looking the pool and Camelback Mountain.  Had two terraces on each side of the room and the views were beautiful.  This time of the year all of the citrus trees were blooming so this fragrance of lemon/orange filled the air!  If you go here during the summer months when the temperature in AZ reach well over 110 degrees you can save even more on the rooms.. This is a perfect romantic getaway destination and you won't be disappointed!" Facial was very good however." My first time to Phoenix and was pretty happy." I definitely will come back next time."  but I don't think I'd stay here again because of the slow check in and out and the security problem."  but next time we might stay a night or 3 at the Royal Palms." Overall I would def rec coming here.  Not really for a bunch of dudes 4.5 but I'll round up because of the best bed ever!!"  each of the rooms were decorated by a different interior designer so they are all unique. As I was sitting in the courtyard  a nice alternative to the 'over the top' massive resorts..."  for a couple's massage experience  intimate and refined. Curving walkways through bougainvillea and honeysuckle camouflage casitas and villas all with private terraces. The rooms are Mediterranean Spanish with fireplaces and comfortable sitting chairs at the base of the massive bed. Go for the designer casitas. No two are alike. They are all amazing. The entire resort is filled with nooks and crannies where you can find solitude and luxuriate with a cocktail while you soak in the scented breezes and warm sun. It's like a private residence you have to yourself with a few others. The service is over the top good. Room service twice a day including turn-down with ice buckets and spring water. Need your car? Make one call and it's waiting at the entrance. The spa is small but you have it to yourself. Steam room I would go back to the Royal Palms anytime.  Definitely recommend it!"  I just can't leave this as 3 stars.  The place deserves four...kind of like a lifetime achievement award.  I wrote the original review the day after consuming 4 lemon drops by the RP pool  not size. And the experience and service are great!"  but the staff was friendly.  Any minuses were made up for by great service and lovely environment." rLAeltELaGdQKh_LYIllEA  Mediterranean T Cooks. We relaxed in the jacuzzi under the stars. The service at the hotel and the restaurant was impeccable-everyone was very friendly favorite person was James-the bellman-he has been there many years and really knew the history of the resort. We enjoyed the intimacy of this smaller resort-it was a memorable celebration By the way the spa and restaurant are also institutional in the city."  and it was also a unisex waiting area.  the spa is pretty luxurious and a very nice treat if you're staying at the Royal Palms.  def a place i would recommend friends to go to for a relaxing weekend!"  which is a great season in Arizona.  Our stay was a pleasure from beginning to end.  The resort is well-suited for special occasions (there was a wedding reception and an outdoor conference dinner during our stay).  Our room was very comfortable  but start peeling back the layers and you will see an ugly company that will nickle and dime you at every turn. My wedding experience turned from one of joy and happiness to a feeling of dread and nausea at every turn with this company.  THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW UP FRONT: Expect to pay a 22% service charge that is TAXED with the sales tax + the regular sales tax on top of your bill. Also  hidden and tucked away.  Staff is very accomodating and the casitas are spaced far away enough from each other that the patios do feel really private.  Depending on the time of year  I will keep it short - GO HERE for drinks and a dinner date."  happily. Makes me wish I lived there. Its quiet and lovely and is a great match to the experience itself. The staff is kind and attentive and a dot on the i of the incredible experience."  and the only thing to do is enjoy the tranquility that surrounds you. But like I said The room was sooooo wonderful we didn't want to leave the next day!" If you ever get a chance to spa here I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a relaxing and care-free getaway....you won't have to do a damn thing but get there."  and parmesean!  They also have this gyro egg dish its awesome too!  My mom had her 40th bday here and we have had other large parties here too!  The hotel grounds are beautiful...it is much smaller then some of the resorts we have in the area but thats ok because they did an amazing job with the little space they have...the rooms are gorgeous and luxurious!  The pool area is small but its ok...whenever I have been there it is not crowded at all so I feel like I have my own pool...It is right against Camelback mountain so the views are beautiful...I have not gone to the spa yet...but I heard its great!  I need to save save save...hahaha...try this awesome resort you will not regret it!" We will be coming back." The pool and bar is a must visit :) Especially during the eight months of summer in the Valley. The only downer... sometimes they just don't have enough loungers. But they quickly remedy that upon request."  luxurious. Excellent restaurant and lounge with live music. Beautiful pool with cafe. Fantastic service at every level.  Perfect getaway. Five star hotel  the grounds are beautiful and you will be treated like you are the only two people in the world! Thank you and we will be back!"  this is one of my favorites! I spent my time before my massage relaxing by the pool and drinking a couple of mixed drinks. The service was spot on coming by only when I looked up and the pool was nice and relaxing. I went on a Sunday and loved that it was not packed full of people. its not very relaxing when you have to be a vulture for a nice bed with shade Note: Service charges are included with everything including your car service  flowers typically found in the South Pacific are all over the grounds.  Great food  I would recommend the Palms for a staycation as it so relaxing and the service is excellent."  the food will provide the vehicle for your satisfaction. My family came here to have dinner prior to going to Zoo Lights. Our guide was friendly and gentle. Ryn is the best and was able to direct our choices as to food and drink. We had the pizza which was okay (a little soggy) and the vegetabe plate and the hot dogs with fries and fruit. The place is best with just you and someone that you want to pounce on (super romantic) however I enjoyed exploring the hotel after a luxe breakfast at J.Cooks.  The staff are incredibly accomodating.  What an ideal location for an intimate stay-cation!  It's a nice place to go to grab some drinks and appetizers  unwelcoming and not knowledgeable about entertainment provided there. Definately not a place we will return to-that includes the resort.   We did not stay for the originally much anticipated flamenco entertainment which ended up being inside and not outside like were told-we felt too unwelcomed." I hope I get back to Phoenix just to stay here again."  the grounds are picture perfect and the pools are very pretty.  We had 8 people in our group ages 15-64 and everyone found something they loved about this place." Too bad I onlly have until till two o'clock to get this room cleaned and ready for shift manager inspection." My man and I stayed here for a Cinco de Mayo staycation. It is a beautiful resort. I spent most of my time relaxing. We ate brunch at the restaurant. It has a beautiful patio and great service.  were greeted with smiles and 'hellos' everywhere we went and treated like royalty. It's a great place to go for a romantic getaway rLAeltELaGdQKh_LYIllEA I cannot wait to plan another trip here once the weather cools down a bit.  This would also be a nice place to head to once all of the kiddies are back in school."  the pool is open twenty four hours... this is seriously huge for me because I work graveyard and honestly want to take a dip at 3am  we'll be back to try T. Cook's restaurant soon!"  an excellent experience in every way!" T Cooks restaurant is inside and it's sooooo yummy! I go here with my girls."  if not the country. I can't argue with that. This place is absolutely amazing. If you can't manage to relax and unwind here  this one was the BEST hotel I have ever been to... staff was extremely friendly rLAeltELaGdQKh_LYIllEA "One of the best resorts I have stayed in. Very different setting. Extremely friendly staff. If I come to Phoenix again  they will deliver the New York Times to your room each morning.  Be sure to have a cocktail -- I recommend the Pepino Diablo -- in the Cigar Room at the end of the evening. This is easily one of our favorite hotels in the United States!" I loved this boutique resort. I went in July so it was so hot but barely anyone there. We had the spa amenities to ourselves. :) The good was great! I didn't get tired of the T. Cooks menu. Would love to go back! rLAeltELaGdQKh_LYIllEA  a few miles from Camelback and only a 2 hour drive to Sedona. I highly recommend this hotel for a long weekend/romantic getaway." I have also been a guest at their spa and must say that it's a relaxing and luxurious experience! The staff is friendly  although I cannot for the life of me remember what kind it was. I do remember however that she loved it and we all had not a single complaint! There was also a dessert buffet with every type of flavor palette you could imagine. Chocolates I have no complaints about this place other than I wish we could have stayed a week instead of a night. Highly recommend!"  but the little things added up to this resort not fully adding up to our expectations. The grounds are beautiful (gorgeous flowers and plants!) but I do not think I do not think this resort is worth the cost."  it wasn't up to my expectations. I expected to be wowed by this place but it just never happened."  and staff that went above and beyond to help us enjoy our stay. We can not wait to get back here." "This review is specifically for the Alvadora Spa...and even more so for Mariah who gave me the most incredible facial I have ever had in my entire life. Ladies and gents - if I were you I would definitely take advantage of the $99 summer promotion and treat yourself to a truly rejuvenating experience. I've had a number of facials in my life but I've never had an aesthetician actually stay in the room while the masks were drying and give upper back  Jeff and Miguel are amazing. Each staff member is enthusiastic and friendly. We invited a good friend from the area for dinner and she was so impressed her and her husband are booking  a romantic getaway here even though they live ten minutes away! They are also service animal friendly "My husband and I snagged a travelzoo voucher and decided to stay here for a night. The resort is beautiful and the staff is extremely friendly. If you're looking for a quiet and quaint getaway this is the place to go. The pool was smaller than expected but we were there in July so it wasn't crowded and the cabana staff was very accommodating. My two issues were the food menu was quite limited (although they do offer a happy hour which is nice  hot tub and into the spa to use the showers and eucalyptus steam room which was so refreshing and relaxing." this spa is beautiful and relaxing."  the Royal Palms is a nice place to get away for a few days.  Hotel and grounds very well kept for an older hotel.  Staff courteous and professional.  The room spacious and comfortable rLAeltELaGdQKh_LYIllEA One star goes to the security officer. He was professional The grounds are gorgeous. Interior and decor are rustic chic. I am in love with this place! I will be back for sure :) "The best and most intimate resort in Phoenix. Stayed here for my wedding night so of course this is a special place fore but believe me we had many places to choose from. The rooms are beautiful I can't speak much of the other amenities because I never want to leave my room! I will say that I wish they had more than one pool because when my boyfriend and I tried to go  or your staying overnight you will not be let down. The bar and T. Cooks have been renovated to provide more space and maintains the perfect ambiance. The rooms at the Royal Palms are a great extension of the overall resort. Beautiful warm rooms that will give you the comfort of home Spa is really nice.  Worth going into once or twice during your stay."  basking in the Arizona sun with a couple of cocktails.  Perfect way to spend a girl's weekend away!"  bousin. Delicious bread basket. Courtyard location the best. Beautiful old hotel."  and secluded. The rooms are unique and intimate. If you are looking for grand spaces...it's not going to be the place for you.  If you are looking for intimacy and luxury...it's all good."  chocolate and bananas sandwiched inside a panini bread. This was also disappointing. My wife ordered the eggs sardou. It was cold and had no flavor but the hash brown potatoes were great. I'm hoping they had a substitute cook that day and this isn't their normal standard of taste. Again "I stayed in a Valencia casita and it was cozy luxury  not long distances  like the large resort style hotels.  The service is impeccable throughout.  It is situated in the middle of Scottsdale close to everything  it's basically normal dinner time for half the price! It such a gorgeous place that we even took our engagement pictures here! I definitely recommend going there as it is so gorgeous  they went way out of their way to make sure we were not sunburned - drinks were perfect. The spa treatments are top shelf and the employees at the spa were kind and warm." "Got married here three years ago and now back from our anniversary and it's still as beautiful as ever. Mona and her team of personal concierge were amazing and helped us book out weekend! Even suggesting a hot air balloon ride Hate to leave this oasis in the desert.  My love brought me here to celebrate my birthday and it was a memorable one for sure.  I truly enjoyed our three night stay from the spa to simplying sitting in our peacefu patio.  It's a relaxing resort and a great place to disconnect from your everyday life and recharge.  I hope to return in the future and will highly recommend Roya Palms to everyone! "This resort makes me feel like I have died and gone to heaven.  I didn't want to ever leave.  The pool area is so lovely and quiet is feels like a sanctuary -not at all like the noisy pools at most resorts.  And then there is the restaurant  especially in    mid June.  Rooms are great and the ambiance is fantastic. They just sock it to you for extra $$$$ at every turn. Beware. I will review the restaurant T cooks latter but what I have had so far a great roasted beer salad for $12 bucks was the size of a sampling at a restaurant week somewhere. Rip off." Checkin slow waited over 10 minutes before someone even said hello. When I booked no mention of 30 a NIGHT resort fee.  Supervisor on sift could Cate less spoke with GM and she waved but ONLY after walking her through booking and proving wasn't mentioned. I would stay again on a special date but with such a high resort fee too high too stay a week for vacation."  pretty gardens/grounds and at times excellent customer service. Overall I'll rate it A-OK  my rating is only based on comparison with other hotels with equivalent pricing."  what I care about is..."" I couldn't finish my sentence because Eric from accounting interrupted me and said that if I didn't care what he was saying he couldn't help me any further. Then he HUNG UP ON ME! I mean come on! Where's the hospitality? I was furious. I wanted to be done with the shitty ordeal but my friend persuaded me to call again and let management know what happened. So I did. I told her that I didn't want anything from them  and even taught me an exercise to stretch my back after a long day at work.  The rest of the staff was very pleasant and accommodating as well.  The products used were animal My wife and I went here for a weekend getaway . Very nice rooms . Great restaurant and bar .Excellent service . Very accomindating . It's small in relation to the Fairmont Princess but much more intamate.Would go back in a second. This hotel is perfect for couples wanting an romantic get away." "Absolutely wonderful no words can describe the tranquility I am feeling. Great staff I loved this spa. I really like their private line of grooming products. My massage was great and very relaxing. I truly like their adjustable massage tables. I did not care for how small the lockers area was but likely not an issue on a slow day. Pool area was nice but didnt like that they added service charge on my drink ticket as I almost tipped twice. Overall I eould go back but Montelucia around the corner would get my $ first.  but me and my girlfriend stayed at the Royal Palms for two nights over July 4th weekend.  Once you get on the grounds it is like you have left Phoenix.  The staff was exceptional.  We had a Valencia Casita which is so private and roomy.  I enjoyed the exercise room on second floor which offered a view.  The pool area is ok My only complaints were room service dishes all over property and not picked up despite employees out and about.  And better vegan food options.  That sent us off property to close restaurants.  Either way I'll be back.  Rooms were great  we love Royal Palms but we are so uncomfortable we felt we needed to share as part of our review" There are plenty of other gorgeous resorts in Paradise Valley and Scottsdale who will receive our business in the future."  I had a fantastic time. I wish I could still be there right now and I hope I will be able to visit within the next couple of months again."  staff were all nice & friendly. Feels like your in Spain with all the Spanish influenced architecture. The resort has lots of corner spots & little nooks with water or fire pits. The pool is heated & open 24/7. I would definitely come back...great location as well. This hotel is situated on Camelback Rd & has an awesome view of Camelback Mountain."  but served it's purpose of relaxation and had really attentive service.  The rooms are very nice and romantic.   They have a great lounge with live music and excellent mixologists.  I didn't get a chance to try the  restaurant This place is so quaint and awesome. Service excellent.  Food and T Cooks restaurant is unique and 5 star.  Beautiful  atmosphere.  Well organized. "My husband and I come here every year for our anniversary in July.  The resort is beautiful "My original review still rings true. I love it here. It's my staycation of choice without hesitation. I love how lush and green it is "Great resort in many ways. Be careful with the rooms. We had a ""designer casita"" which was less than a Motel Six"" room in many ways. Our kids got a wonderful room for less money. Management really doesn't care what you think. Because it is an old resort there are many  loved it.  i felt it was worth the money." "The room was very comfortable but you could hear people in the hallway and the traffic noise on the streets below even with closed windows. I was surprised that you had to pay extra for WIFI in your room Absolutely amazing experience.  Trenetta is a fabulous maicure/pedicure pro....plus on site bestie and the scrubs are magical.  A must when you're Arizona.  read the coffee table book about the history of the resort. The breakfast was amazing and so was our dinner at T.Cooks! Do you want to wind down? Just off busy bustling Camelback  streaky/bubbly polish... And it took more than TWO hours! I will not be returning."  but then they returned.  And I'm not talking like 2-3; it was more like 50.  And they didn't offer to take anything off the bill.  It was treated very ho-humly.  Terrible customer service.  And bugs.  Lots of them."  but  it wasn't until after wards that I noticed the tip was already included. Nothing was said to me so I guess they figured I wanted to tip twice...hmmm." An oasis in the desert. You are treated wonderfully from the minute you drive up. The staff totally caters to your needs to provide a comfortable stay. Sitting by the pool they brought ice water without being requested but they'll also bring other drinks. I love the mature landscape and all of the different places to sit and relax outside. The inside could use a little remodel. The beds are comfortable and the A/C is cold and quiet. We slept well and enjoyed our time there. This place is outstanding! Spectacular service from beginning to the end. The people in T. Cooks remember you and what you like. They are very attentive and nice. Love their Sunday brunch! Cannot find anything like it here in the Phoenix area.  rooms and ambience is just fantastic! Staff is friendly and helpful. It's a must if you are visiting AZ!" "Worst experience ever at ""4 Star"" resort!!! We stayed here mid July for our Mini-honeymoon. My wife and I were married on Friday July 17th and had a reservation for Friday and Saturday night. We arrived at around 11:45 PM and checked in. I gave them my MC/Debit card and they charged $650 which I understood because we used debit. The next day they had no record of the charge and even told me they didnt have a card on file.  I showed the manager it was still charged to my account as a charge of $650 for Royal Palms and emailed her a copy. She asked for the card again and promised she would only run it for 1.00 just to have card on file. Over the next 24HRs they charged $449.01  and ambience!  Great service by all staff members.  Rooms were comfortable; spa facilities were great; dinner at T. Cook's was delicious; valet service was super helpful and assisted us 5 ladies to our rooms.  We were here for a Girls Weekend Getaway.  We had a cabana by the pool area which was great to be in the shade (July) and it had a ceiling fan which kept us cool.  Pool staff were very attentive and worked diligently to keep us hydrated (water/cocktails) throughout the afternoon.  Definitely  we got a great summer rate through AAA and it was very worth the experience.  It is not a great property for kids so only bring the spouse if you want to get a recharge on such an awesome little place.  It only has one pool but the atmosphere is Spanish Colonial and the landscape is very mature with plants I have never seen in Phoenix.  The bar and restaurant are great little places and the service is second to none.  By far the best staycation we have taken in Phoenix so far.  There are several room styles and we picked up a suite and it was so nice inside and very comfortable.  I will stay here again before I die...hopefully sooner than later." "We had brunch here yesterday. The staff was friendly and helpful with recommendations. The food was amazing. The graham cracker French toast was our favorite followed by the lemon ricotta pancakes. I would recommend making a reservation This is a beautiful place that you should check out if you want something different from a hotel or want a more intimate resort. They have that magic here!" Pool servers and the spa therapist/manicurist were fantastic! They were exceptionally attentive.  That is the signature of royal palms - impeccable customer service!  and the staff is beyond friendly. I can't wait for our next visit!" rLAeltELaGdQKh_LYIllEA  the Bar Manager was serving tonight... and as a bonus he remembered us from a year ago.  He makes the most superb Old Fashions and Manhattan's.  He knows his stuff.  I should have dropped a review a year ago "I stayed at the Royal Palms for one night (was supposed to stay 5). The property itself was beautiful. Decorated nicely for Christmas. The staff (valet Brandon and front desk clerk) were excellent - very professional and kind. Both gave a nice overview of the property and amenities. The room itself  adequate room.   Very expensive.  Good bar.   Not sure its worth the money as there are equally fine options for less money in the vicinity." I would not stay here again in its current state Service was excellent given the venue was very crowded with hungry holiday eaters." The last few year it was such a fun place to go but this new years dead. Who ever is running the bar fire them."  and it was pretty good. The facilities are pretty nice - they have very well maintained grounds. The food was a mix of impressive and kind of boring. Service was really great  rooms are unique and food is excellent. Property is beautiful as well. Great place to have a management meeting or even a ""hide away retreat"" with someone special!"  someone wasn't flushing!  And the 'quiet' area was used by staff as a short cut to pass through to the outside courtyard...one staff person had a conversation with the door open "Nice Tuscan style resort. I came her for a spa day with a group of people. The staff were friendly and attentive. My main complaint is that the locker room was super tiny. Every time I went in to grab something from my locker  and the front desk was a bit disorganized.  Spa was mediocre at best- small and on top if that the sauna was out of order.  Property is nice and service by the pool was good.  Drinks weak and food subpar.  Would not do it again as the experience overall was a decent 2 star out of 5."  and a beautifully tiled large walk in shower. The one concern was that it seemed that gas was leaking from the fireplace when we turned off the fire. While I'm sure we could have called the staff to fix it Had a great experience at the spa. First class service. I had Del and she has over 20 years experience and has worked at the Royal Palms for 14 years. AMAZING. Will be back for sure.  and it was wonderful. The dried fruit added the perfect amount of sugar. I also recommend the lemon ricotta pancakes... Terrific! 2 of the people at my table got it Spent 4 days at the resort. Very relaxing. Great food. Everyone friendly.  Very nice clean rooms.  Easy checking.  Housekeeping was great.  Lobby was clean. Will return if in AZ again.  and had one of the best experiences I've had at an event like this. Although we were just there for an hour long speaking event  the waiter was inattentive. The restaurant manager Mathew Arnall came to the table to introduce himself Room: so relaxing and awesome. Especially loved the tub  and Steve the GM were fantastic. It's a very beautiful and intimate resort. We will definitely return."  it would still be worth the splurge. The staff is very friendly and helpful without being over bearing. I didn't take advantage of the spa or swimming pool but if you just want to spend a couple of days being pampered and relaxing with great views of Camelback "I would definitely recommend the Royal Palms for any type of stay while here in the valley  whether it be for business  the grounds have a relaxing life of their own.  The food options are very good and the spa was very nice and had a lot of options."  and sometimes you hear their radios that they communicate with. Try to avoid this one. That's probably why it wasn't rented." We thought the food was amazing and the atmosphere was relaxed but still very luxurious feeling. In fact we both decided we have to do a ""staycation"" here soon because it is that nice. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a great place to stay in Phoenix." Came here for a fun getaway with my hubby The setting is quaint and the valet service was great. The actual room and bedding/towels were something you might find at a motel 6. Definitely not worth the high price tag. Not to mention the fact that we woke up to a huge cockroach on our pillow this morning. When this was mentioned to the management - she said that this is AZ and these things happen - and offered a measly credit on the valet parking. No. I would not recommend it and definitely not going back. "We stayed here last month and enjoyed our stay.  The room was comfortable and included a fireplace and a nice patio.  I took my yoga mat outside of the patio and did a little yoga on the lawn outside our room.  The next day I enjoyed a one-on-one yoga class in the secret garden...such a relaxing and lovely way to practice yoga.  The bed was super comfortable and the bathroom was nicely equipped too.  The Royal Palms is not my favorite Valley resort This is one of my favorite places to stay at!  My family and I stayed here for a weekend a while back and we all had a great time.  Everyone was so friendly and went out of their way to make our stay as comfortable as possible.  The property is beautiful and the gardens are great for a stroll.  We loved the fantastic view of Camelback mountain from their heated pool.  Our room was spacious and clean.  I can't wait to come back to this place the next time I'm in Scotsdale. Fix these issues and I will up my rating." I will definitely be back soon!" "This beautiful Spanish style resort is so gorgeous and yet casual. We are in heaven - beautiful scenery "When I do get a haircut (which isn't too often so I want the best) I like to go to carsten's. Its pricey and the staff can be irritating at times   pretentious and second rate as they come. My stylist is worth every penny but  the Salon is way pricey for it's local.  If it's the Aveda products your after (You have good taste) you''d be doing yourself a favor by driving the extra two miles  to Salon Tru or Scottsdale Fashion  Square."  she always gives me a perfect cut.  She is super nice and I've missed her.  If Ally left I would probably leave too I go here frequently and they have excellent service.  I would recommend seeing Jessica Miller.  She is by far the best hairstylist I've ever seen.  I always hate explaining what I want and not turning out right. She's been perfect since day one "I came in for a cut and color. I had grown out highlights and split ends. Morgan gave me layers and the more natural look I was hoping for. I was so pleased with the service. She was patient  I was well over due for a cut and color. Morgan exceeded all of my expectations and I will definitely be seeing her again in the future! She is an amazing hair stylist and knows exactly how to make your hair look just the way you envision it to be!" I love this place! I had an opportunity to come in and sit with Morgan a couple years ago and I have never strayed to another salon since. She always works with me and always tells me to take my hat off whenever it's been too long between haircuts lol! The atmosphere is clean and chic and I will be back again and again! Ask for Morgan!  and the only person I will let touch my hair! She is so talented and I will give me an honest opinion when it comes to hairstyles! I have curly hair and she knows exactly how to style it in a way I love! I have gone to Georgie for cuts  every stylist has been trained by Mr Carsten individually.  It is the only place I have ever been where EVERY stylist is fantastic.  I first went to this salon in 1988.  I loved it then and continued to go until I moved out of town in 2002.  For 12 years  well polished cut then this is the place for you. Jenna a master stylist stood up to my expectations. She was fashion forward and listened to what I wanted through our consultation. For the price of a master stylist you get what you pay for. Wanted a medium length A-line cut and she did just that. Will definitely be back for another style and cut." P.s. Bea no longer works at the salon but I stayed with Jenna a stylist that's worked on my hair before and she is absolutely phenomenal. No complaints and the owner Carsten has been there on occasion when I'm there and is always smiling and super friendly. No pretentiousness at all here. I highly recommend Carstens."  welcoming receptionist and Carsten is always friendly and inviting! Thank you! Still my favorite place to go." You never get a bad haircut here. My hair looks great when I leave and with the technique they use it almost falls into place when I style it at home. I love Carstens and would not go anywhere else.  but I wish it were still priced a little lower than it is. There is something deflating about getting a great haircut and wanting to add some great shampoo to the experience only to shy away from it because it nearly doubles your cost. All in all Ben in membership is great - go check it out and tell them Gabi sent you!" "I am with Gabi:) I have been a member here for 10 years.  This is a family gym with lots of activities for all ages The Village has a great feel and is If you're looking for a place to workout that is more than just a basic gym "I'll have to admit that when I learned of the $137 monthly dues I was a bit turned off.  I'm two days in on a guest pass and am completely convinced that at even 5 1/2 times more than LA Fitness  and if any of you yelpers are seriously thinking of joining and want some good karma  the word is gonna get out on this place.  Pretty soon we'll be waiting in line just like all the suckers at la fitness and 24hr.  Then what?  Besides $100 a month for a gym... thats just crazy talk.  Oh  i was invited by a friend and when i saw all the facilities i was very impressed. it is expensive but it is woth it." I think it's rather absurd that gym options in AZ are this or dumps like Bally's Obviously my massage therapist didn't show up until 9AM. That would be too bloody much to ask when one has a crippling back injury. Sure the massage was decent (not in price mind you). I just feel like my time and money are completely unappreciated and I absolutely will not return there. By the way I feel lucky to be able to work out at the Village. The yoga instructors are my favorite part about it - all or most of them are from At One Yoga. The equipment is state of the art & the facilities are very nice. Plus it has one of the best views in town of Camelback Mtn from the back patio/tennis courts! Village- I stay loyal and true to you!" I can't wait to go back and enjoy more classes.  You have got to stop in and enjoy this place.  This is place has earned the title health club.  It was absolutely amazing!"  tennis and there are loads of classes to take.  I like the zumba and the yoga...the food is nice and so is the pool.  There are always good looking people and it is pretty busy.  Overall one of the best places around to belong!"  and the men's changing room had an entertainment lunge with super comfy couches and a flat screen TV. I don't know that I'd pop a squat and watch the tube I left and now I am back after spending some time at LA fitness.  You get what you pay for.  I never should have left.   The place makes you want to stay and work out.  I never felt that at other gyms.  but what price do you put on your health & well-being?  For me?  Priceless."  even for someone who doesn't remotely consider herself a gym rat. Definitely take advantage of their free trial time to make sure it's the right fit for you "Don't let the comments on here fool you. I've been a member of this club for awhile and management of this club is only interesting in selling memberships. The people who run this club are the people on the basketball court. Let me explain. The club centers around the basketball court and everyone in the club is forced to hear the kids on the court yell They even have a lounge where after playing tennis for 2hrs. you can walk in & get a beer & order a decent meal..."  but little or no waiting for machines.  Classes are plentiful.  Great things for the kids." There are actually a lot of the amenities that I have not tried at the Village and would like to this year." Maybe I caught everyone on a bad day but I would suggest looking somewhere else unless you absolutely have to get your nails done um  healthy and you can definitely see that they enjoy being at The Village when they are there I have been going to this place since I was about 11 years old!  So that is about 15 years...crazy!! Just like Nadia said... The village really is a way of life and a lifestyle...Now it is not cheap to be a member...but that is up to each individual that is willing to pay the monthly fee.  I was a member before they did their huge renovation...there used to be a Garcias restaurant next door and that closed and they took over!  Their spa is beautiful...their restaurant and bar area is a nice place to grab a bite and enjoy a glass of wine...the locker rooms are beautiful and are very nice and clean!  They have so many classes and options for everyone! The trainers and instructors all have so much experience and they really know what they are doing...they have really set themselves apart from any other workout facility or gym...it is expensive but as long as you know what the costs are it is worth it...  you should also be able to feel gratitude and joyfulness wherever you practice.  So if you feel like some rock and roll yoga The downside for me was you have to walk past an open basketball court Definitely recommend the Village to anyone looking for a gym with many extras! It's worth the high price  The focus does not seem to be as much on quality as I would like for the money.   Some of the machines/ equipment are in need of an upgrade. Who wants to join 24 hour fitness ballys or any of the greasy chain gyms  equipment is gorgeous/new and it's relatively Centrally located in Phoenix. IMHO I think there are a couple of minor issues to this club but I think it's probably due to my lack of experience here and I need to adjust to this particular locations specifics. The cardio area can become very busy and you might have to wait for a machine because this location doesn't have as many machines as Gainey. The men's locker is gorgeous There are some people here who are in great shape. There are some people who are flat out awesome to chat with. The customer service is nice. I would club baby seals for some of the girls here to star opposite me in a romantic comedy.       However  it definately is not worth it in my opinion. From what I hear the poor quality is specific to this club. Other Villages in the valley are supposedly nice and a huge improvement from this place. They need to make some great improvements or I predict they are going to start losing several members." avoid this place like the plague.  you can find as nice/nicer gyms at 1/10th the price."  but whatever. I thought the layout was a little confusing as I had trouble finding the bathroom and there was no one around to offer me direction. However The Village has everything you could possibly desire in a gym. From tennis to yoga! The trainers are so knowledgeable and the group fitness class instructors are incredible.  The equipment is up to date and always available. This gym never disappoints. I have been to all the Village locations and they are all so great! Pilates with Julie rocks sR9lSQiTuBg8zsIw9Zd-Dg If you are looking for a top notch full service gym then this is it.  The amenities are great and the workout space is adequate.  The only knock that I have on the gym is the size of the weight room.  The cardio room has plenty of machines and the pickup basketball throughout the week is always fun.  and you can save a lot of dough going to LA fitness or another big box gym "Amanda's spin class is the best in the city!!! High energy advanced riders kind of class!!  If she wasn't there I don't think I would even be a member!!! Also "Great place for families The only thing I find frustrating is calling in to reserve space for Kinesis or Cycle.  Sometimes I call right at the start of the call in window and they are already full occupancy"  DON'T go here!  Absolutely NOTHING to do for kids under 14.  BORING!!!!!!  Basketball court is taken by adults.  Kids play area is sometimes used as a boot camp room.  It has no video games I had a manicure at village spa. Shirene Najm did a fab job. Well worth the $25. Ask for her! up 7.00. After a while I had to get to my workout classes earlier and earlier because parking got to be a pain. The weight room is crowded and had to wait to use weights and machines. The last year of my membership I was paying 145 a month  especially Thursday early and Sunday hour long class. Highly recommend the village even if you do not play tennis." The facilities are always clean and the staff is polite and professional.  This place is definitely worth the high monthly membership fees."  really thick head of hair followed by a pedicure with Rebecca. And did I mention that they give you WINE with you salon services!!!!  A little known fact - you DON'T have to be a member to use the spa or salon!  But membership has it's perks - you get 10% off!!" I think it's worth it and will continue to stay a member. Before I joined I read a review that said it's not just a club it's a lifestyle. I thought it was a pretty poxy review but now I have joined I understand what he meant and I completely agree."  and I've been going daily.  The steep price tag is worth every penny."  Tami is the best manicurist ever!!! I recently had a manicure and pedicure for a wedding I was in. I was a little worried that my manicure would chip before the big day because I am really hard on my hands. But lo and behold the polish not only looked beautiful for the wedding but still looked great 7 days later!!! That's amazing!!! And the pedicure sR9lSQiTuBg8zsIw9Zd-Dg I would recommend the DC Ranch Village. Much better!!!"  while a wise fitness and health restoring club it is not. Camelback Village promotes too much unhealthy practices and is simply not remotely worth it for those that have wisdom and understand what is going on. This place is especially scary for those with with impressionable minds like children and heavily western cultured adults and young adults. A place of this caliber should offer healthy The rest of the gym was absolutely packed. There were very few pieces of cardio equipment empty. I guess people in Phoenix have to get up early for workouts when they can't hid behind their coats all day like we do in Chicago." There is also an awesome bar overlooking the tennis courts...I could go on and on..." Have been members for over ten years. Great club and lots of classes and racquet sports too. The food service is decent and as a neighborhood club it is a great place to join. "I joined a few weeks ago and simply love it! The Pilates classes are so challenging- love them. Food- great! Pool-great! Cleanliness- cleanest gym I've ever been to! Can't give 5 stars because it's expensive  the basketball court which consumes the main body of the gym had to be redone twice (several weeks duration each time) forcing the fumes of sealant and dust to be unavoidable.  When the gym was fully flooded the drywall in areas was replaced but left to question if there were mold issues which they never addressed with the members to provide assurance.  The ladies gym jacuzzi does not seem to be maintained and is over chlorinated "I wish they would upgrade their cardio room. Their AV in cardio reminds me of a 1989 flashback. None of their treadmills have their own A/V... Even worse if you want audio you can read it closed caption because unless you download a ""radio"" app you are reading the audio on an old fashioned TV."  incredible facility and the food and spirits are better than you'd expect. Its a comfortable feel and although there are a number of notable celebrities and athletes "The family atmosphere rocks and it's a no brainer but three stars as the internet sucks. Don't even bother bringing a tablet to watch because the equipment has no updated tvs and such. No reception. Ridiculousness.   Cafe prices have gotten out of hand. What is happening here????  If lifetime fitness opened down the street "Why are there security cameras in the men's locker room shower area?  It's disconcerting to find this blatant level of privacy invasion.  Management simply responded by saying  and motivation was on point!! I'm super spoiled coming from canyon ranch and really hoping all the trainers and instructors are as impressive as her. My body was sore everywhere for next 3 days. She knows her stuff. I would wake up at the crack of dawn to do boot camp  we have experienced almost everything the Village offers. Free intros to almost every type of exercise Awesome club. Walked in and paid $20 for a day pass. Staff were friendly and welcoming. Outdoor pool great. Club clean. Highly recommend. Member since day one. State of art equipment. Great facility & mgmt generally ok. Great tennis facility & location. Just join & thank me later- you'll love it here!!!"  especially if you're looking for a 'do you know will flatter your face shape I20CbrlaXqC3kL1VQBLtpg New in the area.  BADLY needed a cut. Don't want to be a 'blue-haired lady' and am far past my 20s.  Based on other reviews I decided to give them a try.  Called for an appointment and didn't have to wait for a week or more to get in!  Yesenia is WONDERFUL!!!! "I've lost count of the years I've been a Cutter's Cottage customer.  I wouldn't go anywhere else.  If you are the kind of person who wants to find ONE PLACE where you can get comfortable and know your needs will always be met I love Cutter's Cottage! I've been getting my hair done there for 10 years and wouldn't go anywhere else. They are super friendly and their prices are great!  is a gem! She knows color. She knows cuts. She knows how to keep a conversation going! She's been doing my hair for more than 10 years and keeps me looking stylish. The stylists that work here all seem to really know their stuff Plus the remodel is looking really good!" I am just beyond impressed and I can't wait to go back!"  wash and trim as my local guy.  I am going to reserve final judgement until I see how it looks as it grows out." "Traci is simply amazing!  I drove all the way from westgate to their shop just to get my haircut from her.  The cut always comes out right I loved the place everyone was nice and Yesenia was wonderful I love what she did with my hair.  but I still wanted to change it up. I came to Cutters Cottage knowing I wanted an undercut and a trim. Tracie was amazing! She did the nape undercut the way I wanted  but also that he will accommodate my work schedule. He routinely agrees to see me as early as 7 in the morning and as late as 5 in the evening."  my hair hadn't been cut in a long time. It's also close to me which is a plus. Overall I'm mostly satisfied with my haircut Hands down best barber shop. Most relaxing haircut. N he gives a mean fade. They really care about ur appearance and treat u very well. I never gt bored while gting my hair cut there. I highly suggest this place. I just moved to Arizona and I'm sticking to this place for gud. I have been coming here for months to bring my son since he got his first haircut he's now 2. I am always pleased. The barber always hears you out on what style your looking for. Customer service here is great and they have affordable prices. Definitely recommend! I never knew there was a great barber in the neighborhood until today. I got a great cut at a great price. Joe is definitely a good guy to see when you need a quality barber! Perfection...One of the greatest barbers in Az. not only is his work amazing he is one of the cleanest and neatest in town .  and bridal services at the salon. Ive been going here for about 7 years. I'm always satisfied with my hair cuts  I never feel rushed or picky.  If you are looking for somewhere new to try then give Salon Sandoval a call!" "I know the rating is low and part of it is undeserved. The people at Salon Sandoval are warm and welcoming and I have been happy with their services. They are an Aveda salon which is how I got their name. My stylist  again and again for my cut."  clean environment by a lovely staff. Thank you Salon Sandoval I look forward to my next visit !" Shane is the BEST!  He makes me feel so beautiful and my hair is always perfect after he's finished!  I can't say enough good things about him...he really takes his time to ensure perfection!!! I have been going to Rachel for a few years now and couldn't be happier.  I have very fine hair and she always makes me feel like a million bucks when I leave.  And the compliments I get after make me feel awesome!   I went to Fashion Square after a recent visit and a woman asked where I got my hair done and of course I told her.  I can't remember ever having anyone stop me to ask that question and I have had that happen a few times since going to Rachel.  She is very knowledgeable regarding hair and hair products but she is also a very sweet girl.  I would recommend Rachel at Salon Sandoval to anyone.  once I entered I was instantly impressed. Everything was so chic and clean. I loved the atmosphere. Katie cut my hair and she was fantastic! She made me feel totally comfortable and was super kind. I totally recommend everyone to go here!"  but I will drive to bfe for her.  I cannot tell you how many times I get stopped at malls or on the street an inquired about my hair color.  Just yesterday I had a lady asking me if it was a single process hair color.  I told her it was not.  It requires the expertise of Alisa to make it look this natural.  When Alisa was on maternity leave the first time Let me tell you what a great job she did!  My hair looks better than expected and I cant remember getting a better cut.  She was very detailed and meticulous about my cut and I didnt feel like he rushed through it.  I truly felt like she cared about my hair as much as I do. Trust me T03ew3k5i1dv-422E-dXdA and invested stylists like Gigi." T03ew3k5i1dv-422E-dXdA  every so often a girl feels like she needs to change her stylist because after a while it just gets stagnant! NOT so if you go to Salon Sandoval!!!! I've been coming here for 20 years and every time I leave here I feel like a million bucks!  They stay up to date on the newest ideas and trends but if it won't look good on you they don't do it!!! No cookie cutter cuts here!! Plus they're such a fun  I think it did the trick!  I can't say that I'll be back soon but it's good to know that if I need a little (un)natural color I know that I'm brown and naturally dark skinned... but I like to tan every few weeks/once a month to even my color. So monthly packages (which are usually the best deal) do NOT work for me... I'm happy that I could find a place where single tanning sessions and such inexpensive packages are available."  arguably CenPho's greatest Thai restaurant. So next time you're in the 38th St/Indian School area stop and see Sandy at Camelback Tanning  then you should really check them out. You WILL NOT find better pricing or nicer people in Scottsdale. I've heard great things about Sandy's airbrushing skills Anyway. She is amazing the prices are great and Its very hygienic.  According to previous reviews the beds are older. But I dont mind...  its not worth paying a lot more and going somewhere snooty...." "Camel back Tanning is a great little spot in Phoenix AZ. Was on a trip and stopped in for a Tan before i hit the pool in sunny  AZ. My skin is very light and i didn't want to burn in the sun. So i did a light tan for 15 min and that did the trick. I didn't get burned & the vacation was great.  Great salon!  Clean Great custom spray tan. I have been coming here for years. Sandy usually does my spray tan but Wendy has sprayed me also.Both are awesome. I can choose how dark or light I want to be. Sometimes I just need to hide  my tank top tan lines or sometimes I do it before vacation. Really seems to be a good base so I dont get burned.The tan last around 10 to 12 days for me. I have tried other places but the tans don't last. I drive 45 minutes to get here and it is definitely worth it! Highly recommend. This is my favorite tanning spot in Phoenix. Great prices and packages and a super friendly staff.  They gave me a discount on my package because I'm a regular. Go there. Go now. Then toodle across the street to the Dilly ;)"  check it out- The owner is amazing; will make you happy Such an affordable clean place to tan. They have forgotten to turn the bed on and given me a free tan just for the hassle. A real small business trying to do the best for their customers.  and a warm atmosphere.  I recently moved from Chicago and have felt right at home at Camelback Tanning!  The staff have been extremely helpful in getting my skin some color without ever burning my pale skin.  They have earned my loyalty and you should try them as well. You will not be disappointed." and even took the time to chat with me.   I say give this place a try.   Because they obviously care about each person who comes through their door.   Even if it is merely a damsel in distress.   Thanks Stephen."  the pricing and the equipment are above par.  I will drive out of my way to patronize this business.  Steven  bulbs on the beds are always strong. After just two sessions I had really good color. The beds are always clean. You definitely  get your moneys worth there!!! I give it 5 stars!!" Couldn't believe a personal spray tan was only $40! I'm used to spending almost twice that for a good spray tan. Not only was the price right but they did a great job. I was able to come in late in the evening and they were super friendly and helpful. This is the first spray tan I've gotten that wasn't orange and didn't make my hands and feet look awful. I accidentally left my diamond earrings there after my session and they called me and even stayed late so I could pick them up. I will definitely be going back regularly. So happy I found them. "Camelback tanning is the best tanning salon I've been too. I've experienced a lot in the valley. This one is definitely the best!! great service "Best Spray tan ever! I came in a day before my wedding and had a hand spray tan and the girl that did it was named Kayla. Kayla was awesome she took so much time and made sure it was just perfect. She warned me about it being really dark before I shower and how to maintain it plus the salon was willing to have me come back in case of any emergencies to fix tan if needed at no additional charge. This tan was the best thing I could have done before my wedding I love this barber Shop!! Ive been going there for 10 years now. They are professional barbers. Ive recommended this barber shop to my friends and they were happy with the service. "Everyone here is really nice. I like Yuri I've been coming here for years and when I come back into town  I've never had an issue getting a haircut as requested. Both Yuri and his wife are great people and always friendly." Good people great haircut!  I called at 5:20 and asked if they were still open.  He waited for me and gave a great cut! Victor is the fastest! You don't spend your precious time time waiting for an over booked stylist.  Walk in with a need for a cut and walk out with a new look.  The shop is convenient to all areas of town.  Go get pampered.  his prices are reasonable.  I have received compliments on my cut and have many friends who now go to him and are very happy.  You won't be disappointed.  The staff is friendly and courteous as well." I was new to town and had to find a new stylist. I found Qu at Esmero Salon and I have to say she is AWESOME!! The salon is really cute and comfortable. She did a great job on my cut and color. The color we chose was a great choice for me. The end result was a fabulous cut and awesome color. My hair shines it looks so healthy and it's so soft. My hair has never looked so good before. I can't stop swinging it around and touching my hair! Also...Qu has a personality which made it very easy to talk to her. I would very much recommend Esmero. I will be coming back. I have been going to Amanda for years and couldn't be more pleased. She's great with highlights and low lights for natural blonde hair. Many stylists struggle with this. She also helps me to make small changes when I'm bored but still trying to grow it out. The salon is clean and the staff is always very friendly.  and just the place you need to go to get your natural glow back.  Another great thing is that Skin Bliss is very intimate  but Mary uses the best and it shows in the treatments! I also enjoy going to her spa because it is relaxing and you get complete one on one attention. No sitting around in a waiting room looking at magazines with 10 other ladies. Try her out!"  and can answer just about any question you might have about your skin. Try the Ultimate Facial - you will get hooked.  Mary is part of my monthly budget!"  if u want to be quiet that's ok too) while u are there. She is professional and knowledgable. My skin glows after she does microdermabrasion and exfoliates my skin. She does complimentary consultations and will not try to upsell you at all. After building your skin relationship with her "I have been seeing Mary for over 8 years now.  She is a good friend and a great 'face' specialist.  She gives me the best advice about my skin and her treatments have 'done wonders' for me.  I especially appreciate the detailed notes she keeps on each of my visits  Mary you're awesome. Mary makes you feel at ease and like a friend. You have to make an appointment  very knowledgeable and the salon space is clean and inviting. She is conveniently located right in Central Phoenix and her prices are very reasonable as well. Aging gracefully is for the birds ladies! Go spend some well deserved ""you time"" and let this talented women help you look your best."  relaxing experience. So nice spending time with Mary. She'll be my ""go to"" person whenever I want another facial. Treat yourself to an amazing facial. Call Mary!" "I love my facials at Skin Bliss! Mary is extremely professional and very knowledgable about skin care. Also love her her products. She pampers me thank u very much! I definitely I will come here next time with my friends together  Sally's doesn't carry many ""name' brand items you'll see at a place like Ulta - no Bedhead or Paul Mitchel or Garnier or OPI ... but lots of bulk products that I see in my neighborhood nail salon. I go for the things like cuticle clippers and nail buffers - good deals and good selections on items if you don't care about the brand. I recently picked up some nail basecoat and topcoat - the same kind my favorite salon uses This Sally's is definitely a blessing being so close!"  and found out the closed a few minutes earlier than advertised. Not cool." The store is supposed to open at 9am and the lady in the store seemed crabby and put out that she had to unlock the door at 9:05. She walked over flipped the lock and walked away in a huff. I was there for 15 minutes and she didn't even say hello! I personally love going to Sally's...I checked this particular store out a few weeks ago and it's no joke maybe the best one I've ever been in. The young lady Kelly in there is so sweet so knowledgeable and so helpful! I love that I can ask her about a product and get real feedback! She tells me what she uses and because out hair color is different will recommend different products to me based on that. Additionally the store is always clean and well stocked...it's just a great experience to shop there! "I've been coming here for a long time. The atmostphere is cool. The magazine selection is fantastic. The place has gone downhill a little bit. The stylists used be peppy efficient friendly decent people. Now they all seem to be extremely slow I got what I would consider a decent hair cut for the price and will be back."  they wash your hair AFTER the cut to get rid of cut bits and looks like you would normally look hitting the road..  Add in a hot towel I highly recommend them over any barber  although they did cut my hair fairly nice and the neck shave was swell. It was just too expensive for a generic haircut every 5 weeks or so. My hair grows quick haha. If I wanted to pay this much each time  I think they're doing something right. Take it from someone who's been going to both Athleticuts for the past 10 years. This place is outstanding." Fantastic haircut from Sadie! You really get a great value for the price if your looking for a good haircut with some nice amenities like shampoo and scalp massage!  straight razor and hot towel. I'd look Sefi's Cuts up before chancing it at this haircut chain."  I just don't look like I do.  The experience we had is not what I would expect of a place marketing to families. The guy who cut my sons hair was terribly rude. He was rough on my son's head and then didn't want us watching him finish the haircut after hurting him. That was so creepy. Apparently he is the manager today. The other person working mentioned that he is not great with people.. Kind of a problem. I think he did t want me there because I am female. They had dads back there watching their son's haircuts."  I was completely ignored. Nonetheless I sat and waited for over 20 minutes and the gentlemen before me still waited for the one person cutting hair to finish the person he was working with. I understand this may seem like a small issue but when it's 4pm on a Friday you would think they would staff according. There are plenty of places in the Phoenix area to get a mediocre/simple haircut for a reasonable price. This is by far the last choice for me!!"  and Lucy and they all have done great jobs. They all were able to take what I instructed (for example Try Keiko and tell her Gayle sent you!  She's the bomb!"  I highly recommend him.  He's great if you can get past the multiple personality disorder."  I cannot get over how great my hair looks. I even trusted her enough to cut bangs for the first time in like 12 years. Good chair conversation and awesome skills."  I wouldn't have known about or tried this place if it weren't for reading all the great reviews on here!"  this is not your place. If you like fun and action and don't care so much if you have to go back every week because everyone there is so much fun I would definitely recommend this salon  :) I would say it is a TAD overpriced but its not awful **Disclaimer: I give Bobby -- himself -- 5 stars all the way!! The salon itself was good" I would recommend this salon to anyone visiting the Phoenix area!! They have fabulous male and female stylists I do not love the cut. When I spend that much money on a salon visit. I think I should LOVE it. I will not be returning to the salon. But for those of you who wish to  was a total of 9 minutes.. which was pretty cool. And the trim was free. Cant beat that." Salon Surreal is great because it's casual and offers great services at decent prices.  Go and treat yourself!  Also  considering that it gets such rave reviews.  I can't help but notice the lack of haughtiness.  This is a milder version of swank.  Everyone's really friendly (they even feed me tea & cookies) I was in desperate need for a haircut and I needed to get in a salon right away. I called salon surreal to ask how much a haircut costs there and when they told me $50 I thought that was really expensive but they were able to fit me in right away so i made an appointment. I usually pay about $30 including tip so I was wondering why they charge so much for haircuts.  My appointment was with Tasia and she was awesome. She asked me what kind of cut I wanted and I told her to do whatever she thinks will look good on me. Next step was washing my hair and she gave me a great head massage it was so relaxing I wanted to take a nap. Tasia did a great job with the cut and style and gave me tips on different ways to style my hair. She also showed me some products that I should use but wasn't pushy about selling them to me.  I really enjoyed getting my hair cut at Salon Surreal and now I understand why they charge $50 for a haircut. The stylists that work there are experienced and know their stuff. Though SS is about two minutes from where I live I would still give it my business regardless EDIT: Since posting this review I have received not 1 but 2 letters from my stylist asking me how my hair turned out. She also included special offers if I returned for another appointment. I appreciate the follow up. On the flip side Francesca is great & is way fun to hang out with.  All the other people in there are all douchey.  Anyways  I gave the place 5-stars because for the moderate price range it's pretty darn good.  I'd challenge you to find a more opulent salon for the same prices.  I'm sure there are some amazingly designed salons out there that are opulent  I mean how hard is it to cut an A-line and color a persons hair chocolate brown?  I decided to do some true research and of course used yelp to find Salon Surreal and booked an appointment with Julie.  Their prices are very reasonable cut rHtkiJVIT-AFexNcEQ1vYQ I tell everyone about Salon Surreal. I'm talking strangers walking down the street. It's just that amazing!!"  and Jessica is by far the loveliest and most friendly aesthetician I have ever had! She nearly makes the waxing experience pleasant :)  Definitely a place I'll be staying loyal to!"  the appointment gal told me that Heidi's next available appointment was in October...October! My split ends screamed and shivered when they heard that. So I asked her to put me on the waiting list and prayed to the hair dresser fairies for a miracle. And guess what?? True to the awesomeness of Salon Surreal and especially Heidi Definitely a place & stylist I will be staying loyal to!" rHtkiJVIT-AFexNcEQ1vYQ "Brandi did wonders for my abused and neglected hair!! I hadn't had my hair so much as trimmed in nearly a year! 3 inches removed  I know. I called a few places yesterday and I was lucky to get an appt at Salon Surreal for today. I showed up about 45 minutes early (got off work early) and had to make do since they couldn't get me in earlier. They offered me something to drink  ever since my previous stylist moved to D.C. She's so hilarious and outgoing--she tells it like it is. Plus she does a great job on the cut and is always sure I like it. If I'm iffy about the bangs "I have been going to this salon for my haircuts for almost a decade.....holy sh*t I am getting old!  I see Ann Gentle and I would not even know how tell someone how to cut my hair now that I have been seeing her so long.  The place is really nice and it has a cool atmosphere  my stylist Mandy didn't prejudge me and was willing to take her time discussing my new cut and highlights.  She had lots of good ideas and I ended up with really good cut and some new blonde highlights.  I'd definitely go back to her." I moved here almost 4 years ago and after a handful of bad cuts (picture the girl in 16 candles who got her hair caught in the door and a couple of other girls cut it out) a friend referred me to Salon Surreal. I've been going there for almost 2 years now. The first lady that did my hair moved and referred my to Stephanie Franklin and I couldn't be happier. It's nice to have found someone that understands my hair type (curly) and knows how to cut it.  make an appointment with Ginger Lee. She's thorough and discreet. She provides an array of services including full body waxing. As waxing goes My Cel to see how I was enjoying my color and blow out! Wow! Can't beat that service ! Will definitely be coming back :)" I was looking for a local place to continue my new obsession with gel nails.  A positive review on another site led me to Jillian Vaughan within Salon Surreal Salon & Day Spa.  We went with a dark navy Shellac and gel overlay.  Spring pastel colors be damned-my nails looked neat and super shiny!  She was super quick and the nails had a nice density.  They have grown out well and have not chipped.  Thanks Jillian! "Went to Salon Surreal for a cut and partial highlight-- it was my first time-- and i was actually very happy.  I saw Nicole and thought she was awesome.  Loved my cut and color.  Not to mention For those of you wanting a very nice pedi experience I've been going to Hiedi Hand for the past ten years and she is absolutely amazing. I fly back to Phoenix to have her do my hair because she is just that good.  Many hair stylists struggle with my color because I don't take well to lighter colors and cut because my hair is naturally wavy "Ann Gentle is excellent!  I just moved to Phoenix and was looking for someone to cut my hair and Yelp helped me out.  She listens I've been using Salon Surreal for over a year now and am very happy with them. I love Nicole R and have never been disappointed. I have long hair and am always afraid stylists will cut too much off but she listens to exactly what I want and always follows through. The price is pretty good compared to other locations in the Valley and they always seem to be busy. Definitely give it a shot- I don't plan on changing any time soon! "Hiedi is my stylist of choice at Salon Surreal. I've been a client for a LONG time ... let's see... 7 years. That's a long time in the hair salon years!  What keeps me coming back are the compliments I frequently get on my hair color. People are always asking me what I've done different. I really have no idea what exactly changes from one visit to the next. But I trust Hiedi every time. She puts me at ease and always knows how to change the color slightly to keep up with the season or my mood. She's fun to chat with This is my salon.  I've been going to Tammy Brunelle for ten years since I was in high school.  She always gives me a great haircut and color job.  I highly recommend scheduling an appointment with her asap!  and she never loses patience with me. She always wants to make sure I am happy.  I have recommended many friends to her over they years and they always go back too." I have been getting my haircut here for 6 years and cannot imagine going anywhere else!  We moved an hour away 4 years ago and I have continued to go back to Ann Gentle for the quality cut and the incredible service. Great salon- Keiko is my favorite and I know I'm not the only one who thinks so! She is so precise; I always know I will get a good cut from her plus she is so fun to talk to.  I love that they use Bumble and Bumble products from wash to cut to style. I always leave Salon Surreal and Keiko feeling fresh and amazing! Ann Gentle and Heidi H. are also great." I highly recommend Ann Gentle if you want your hair to have great color!" they did a fantastic job on my bodywave. I love it-still looking great months later. I love Salon surreal!" I have been to this salon twice and had two different stylists. First time I had Jeff and he was awesome but no longer works there. The second time I went I met with Nicole for a hair cut and style. Both experiences were pleasant. The salon has great hours and is very accomodating. I do think it's a bit pricey for what you get but I will go back. $50 for a 30 min haircut and style plus I tip $10.  there is no Shari Davis that I can find and I've given up. If I could afford to fly to Phoenix to get my hair done by Shari at Salon Surreal "One word: SHARI. She is amazing. She has been my go-to girl for the past four years. She not only makes it easy to have a conversation  although I hear many of the stylists are great (I'm just biased now)."  she's cutting too much off.. Omg more layering... Omg more razoring.. Omg this is going to be a disaster.""    Thank goodness it wasn't!  Like I said "I have a terrible time finding a good salon to go to primarily because I don't really like going and having my hair done.  The whole experience can take forever and be somewhat unpleasant depending on where you go.  I was pleasantly surprised however after visiting Salon Surreal and actually liking the experience.  I called I would highly recommend Laura McShane!  She took a while ""getting to know my hair"" and I gave her free reign to do as she pleased.  She gave me a modern haircut that is really low maintenance.  Way better than pointing at a picture of hair I found in GQ." **Quick Update.  I had my hair blow dried straight.  I got it wet this morning and now it is back to its curly self.  The cut is beautiful and the highlights are perfect too." I had my first visit with Audrey today. She was very friendly and skilled.  She made me very comfortable during our session. I would highly recommend her to family and friends!!!! Ok I think I am becoming a serious salon junkie.  I had Laura McShane do a Brazilian Blowout.  It is hot and humid today and my hair is stick straight and so soft and pretty.  Laura went out of her way to make sure I knew how to care for my hair after I leave the salon and made sure I left with the look I wanted.  Wonderful salon and service. "Ms. Lisa Stevens is a makeup artist at Salon Surreal. I'm a film and television actor in Phoenix and Los Angeles. Lisa has done my makeup a few times and I've been very pleased. Recently I've been to other places/people and my hair is just not as happy as when Keiko cuts it." So I am currently at another salon getting a color correction. Thanks for nothing."  Bree will be my to go girl from now on." "Bree is amazing! I had to get my color done on a work trip so I was extremely nervous trying out a new one time stylist but I wish I could use her everytime! She knew exactly what I wanted Laura McShane is a wonderful person and stylist."  the music was not very loud like other salons I have been to before. When my hair was washed afterwards it was relaxing and there was even beautiful relaxing music in the background. It was a fun days out!  I had some great hair therapy fun. And love my new hair! I'm definitely coming back! Thank you Ellie!" "I really love this Studio. Decorated modern & clean. Great vibe. I see Allison Hyatt and she does an AMAZING JOB!!! I have tricky hair and it's hard to get the highlights I want but Allison does it PERFECTLY!!! If you're looking for a great hair salon I can't say enough how great PCA skin product is as well as Kari. You will have to check it out yourself and believe me  it's worth every penny. Ask for Mariah - you won't regret it." In the past I have just done my own ombre. But I thought might as well have a professional do it. So I went to meg and she did awesome. My ombre didn't fade into the next color with out a line. When meg did it she did a great job making sure there were no noticeable lines into the next color. I love the lighter color she used because it's more natural. I will be going back to her!"  I am giving this place 3 stars because I felt like I way overpaid. I paid $60 for a ""just ok"" haircut.  I have been to several other salons where I get a better haircut for cheaper. That being said  I have ""cheated"" on her a few times - and went to someone else.  I was never happy with the results from someone else.  Ann is so easy to be with - and you have to like the person you are going to spend quite a bit of time with.   Ann has a ton of experience and you can tell she really enjoys her job.   The prices are good and she won't try to gouge you.   I really like the salon as well  during the setting time the color was leaking down my neck and face. It went through the cape and hit my clothes and my hands / arms. She didn't seem too concerned about correcting the situation. Furthermore my hair was not even styled properly!  I could have done a better job!!  Coloring is still coming off on my fingers even now. Never had this happen before. Avoid this place." "I have been going to Bree for over a year and every time she does the best job! I just give her an idea of what i want and let her do her magic  but it's been a couple of weeks and I still hate my hair. How on earth it is supposed to be thought of as a good job by the stylist who did it is insane Meg did my hair and I love it! I have been looking for a place to go for three years and I've finally found it! :) Meg Pesicka cut my hair and gave me straight across bangs just in time for my baby shower! I loved it! I have gone to Meg for years! I trust her whole heartedly and she's an amazing stylist! I've had her do cuts and colors; all of which have been perfect! Meg's your girl to see at Salon Surreal!  gave me her expert advice and then I ended up with the look I wanted. The haircut and the service are well worth the price!!"  and everyone was very friendly and personable. 4 of us had amazing updos and the brides long hair was beautifully curled. I wish I coukd remember all of names of the stylists who took care of us because we all had a great experience. Lisa did our makeup and added lashes- she consulted us each about our skin types and how much makeup coverage we were comfortable with. She did an amazing job on all of us and 12 hours later as the reception was winding down  very creative and always does a top notch job! In my eyes she is a color genius. I can tell her ""I want a chocolate cherry twist kind of color"" and BAM! That chick nails it every time! Been coming to her for a few months now and never once left disappointed. I wouldn't go anywhere else. Salon is clean I would recommend heather to anyone. She's done my hair off and on for the last decade and I've never been disappointed and I leave happy and feeling renewed. The cuts are awesome and last longer than any others I've had. I took a break when I had some financial issues but am so happy to have my hair in good hands again! Thank you so much!  everyone runs behind ) but apologized and offered water/ coffee. They made sure I felt comfortable and Maria asked twice about the cut I wanted because she wanted to make sure I was happy. They recommended products. The place was nice and clean and had a welcoming atmosphere. I really appreciate a business going above and beyond to make me feel so great about their services:-) I am def going back"  she was very kind and friendly and made me feel at ease. She was quick but missed several areas of hair that I now have to touch up myself. I hate it when that happens! I recommend  that she ask her clients if they are pleased with the results of her service before she leaves the room and tells them to get dressed. I still tipped her well but am bummed with the results." Love this place! I see Amanda and she always does an amazing job not to mention gives the best massages while shampooing. I am in the process of growing my hair out and get so many compliments on the cut. She does a great job recommending products to keep my hair healthy and reverse some of the damage I have done from constant blow drying. The salon carries tons of great products and offers spa services as well.   paying for used conditioner and the lack of accountability on the part of the salon to try to fix this."  Ellie is the master. I get a haircut every three weeks and it always turns out perfectly. Ellie just seems to instinctively know how to properly cut different types of men's hair. I had some hit and miss cuts around town  but I am so frustrated and so disappointed! After reading all of these reviews I am beyond let down by my experience and my hair- I hate it! I am new to this area and relied upon Yelp and the reviews to get my hair done. My first mistake. I went into Salon Surreal and spoke with the receptionists and setup a consultation for my hair; they assured me that the stylist was perfect to achieve what I wanted. I went in talked with her and she seemed like she knew what she was doing and was eager to do my hair. That Saturday I went in for my appointment and my hair color turned out awful! She apologized and said I could come in on Thursday and she would fix it at no charge but it probably was because my hair was damaged. If my hair was so damaged "This place is awesome! I drive all the way from Laveen because I don't trust anyone but Ellie with my hair!! Everyone is so friendly  I won't have a bad hair day for at least 5 weeks. Now that's a great stylist!" I have been coming to see Hiedi Hand for years and have such a strong level of trust in her skills that I sit in her chair and let her do what she wants; it always turns out amazing!  Even weeks after my appointment I get compliments on my hair!  Thank you so much Hiedi! Hiedi is the best! I have been going to her for years. She does a great job on color and cut. I was out of town and someone asked to take a picture of my hair it looked so good. Thanks Hiedi! "I've been going to Ann D. since moving to Phoenix over a year or so ago from Colorado. I was told about her from a client of my previous stylist in Colorado! I have always been completely happy with my hair-everytime I've seen her  and I always come out with perfect hair. I've seen about four of their different hair stylists since I first started coming here "My first men's haircut from Ty was fantastic. He was very good at finding out what I liked and cut precisely to that result. Best haircut in ages "Decided that after 10 years of super great cuts and color that it's time to do a shout out for SUNDY.... I have naturally curly hair (so does Sundy) which can be twerky and challenging. She's a master at cutting curly hair and has introduced me to numerous products to enhance the curl Amazing job by SHELBY! I was in town and needed a cut and color bad! Someone suggested Shelby here and I was beyond satisfied. I wish I before and after pics to post. I may be traveling to Phoenix from now on for hair appointments just to see Shelby. Without a doubt the best experience I've had with a stylist. I highly recommend her! She does an amazing color job! I got highlights and a cut by Kylee today. She was so great!! My hair came out even better than I had imagined and she really took the time to ask the right questions to make sure I got what I wanted. I can't wait to come back! ***Ask for Alexis!****" The front desk is great at their job--I have never encountered a mistake with them since I started going here. I also like the decor and the layout of the salon. This place is for sure a Phoenix gem." Nice people. Clean but cluttered aisles. Really? Not very coupon friendly. Moved to cvs.  the employees are a lot friendlier.  The Drive Thru can sometimes be a pain after work and sometimes you see homeless people in the parking lot but it's 24 hrs which is a plus." Cluttered but convenient - passport photos until 9:00pm. This walgreens is the closest to my place and this review is based on their pharmacy.  It is the absolute worst place to go and I seriously recommend this place to no one ever. It started Wednesday when I drop my prescription off at 9 in the morning and they told me it would be ready by 11. I never heard of any place taking 2 hours to fill a prescription I wasn't in the mood to drive around looking for place to fill it quicker so I said Ok I'll be back. I ran some errands and at 12 noon I went to go get my prescription there was 5 cars waiting outside so I went inside and there was a line of 6 people.  Never had I seen a place so packed for prescriptions so I waited and as I get to the Counter and give my name they said it would be another hour or so. I explained I had to get to work and that I was told to pick up at 11 and it was 12 and the pharmacist named Frank said he would get on top of it and it would be 10 to 15 minutes well he was getting tugged around everywhere as pharmacists usually do but as soon as he got to my script he would type for literally 20 seconds before someone said something that called for a pharmacist to explain what medications were for and have you taken this before and blah..blah.. blah after 30 minutes he finally gets me my prescription and I vowed to never go back they didn't care and probably hoped I was serious being that they have no shortage of customers. That was Wednesday mind you and today my girlfriend took our son to urgent care and he needed medicine for his ear infection and also his rash I was at work but she told me that the same thing happened to her except they forgot to fill the rash creme and told her it would be another hour she was livid because they told her 2 hours and she actually waited 3 hours before she went back because she had to get my son down for a nap being that he was fussy and tired and the same thing happened and they didn't have the prescription ready. We will NEVER return to this walgreens. I will drive an extra few miles to cvs or any other place besides walgreens. I highly recommend no one goes here but if you don't take my word for it I guarantee you will be highly disappointed. "Pharmacy is terrible. The are slow and disorganized with poor customer service. I use them rarely  always trying to help you find something.. Better to be bothered with an offer to help than be ignored! Great service." I give this pharmacy the worst ratings. No customer service. The pharmacy tech thinks his God. He didn't help us. During my whole visit. I seen him be disrespectful to a veteran. He too was in pain. No remorse what so ever. Don't go to this pharmacy. A total of 3 hrs waiting. Never got the medicine my husband needed. Don't go there. Unless you want to be disappointed." Will go anywhere but here."  they don't. I'm now about to take my kids to the emergency room because the pharmacy said they are too busy to fill it. Read the reviews you idiots. Fix your pharmacy staff or enjoy the lawsuits. Second time you have harmed my kids. I will never make this mistake again and will drive to avoid you fools." 59 minutes and I'm walking out the front door. I feel so free!!!!" Would rate zero if I could.   Stopped in today and waited 5 minutes at the checkout counter and no one was there.   Not sure if anyone was even working.   Finally left and left the products I was going to purchase sitting on the counter.   Neve going to step foot inside this store again.  you need to go to the other location"". When I asked to see a manager he rudely told me he was the manager and I should know that because his vest is special color. Avoid this location at all costs." The pharmacy techs are extremely rude and not willing to help. They just act like I'm some crazy person. I am not on Medicaid or anything like that. I have a job and private health insurance that costs an arm and a leg. I can't even get my medication because they are NOT doing their job." "Idk about the reviews. It's like every other Walgreens I've ever been in. You always expect to wait 30 minutes for meds of you wait for them but so nice to get meds ant time of day. It's that way everywhere "This location brings ineptness and mediocrity to new levels. There is an issue ever time a script is filled. My most recent experience was with an antibiotic script. My doctor faxed it an hour earlier; I stopped in on my way home to see if it was ready. They claimed they never received it. I called my doctor and they had confirmation that it had been received at this location an hour earlier but offered to resend it to them  in the proper spot for easy locating. The woman in the department (Bonnie) was very helpful locating merchandise I had dental surgery today.  I dropped off my prescription and was told it would be ready in an hour.  I am siting in line with a throbbing tooth 2 hours and 20 minutes later.  Not real happy. If I could give a zero I would this is the third time I've been in to pick up a medication and have had to wait more than and hour for a medicine pickup. There always seems to be an issue with every single customer. You wait in line for 40 minutes to drop off your prescription and then another hour to pick it up after its finished. This is a Mickey Mouse club house in here. Not normally a Walgreen user. I had to go to a 24 hr pharmacy. My prescription was 135.00 . I didn't have coverage for prescriptions and the pharacist had a coupon that brought my drug down to 24.00. Frys has never done that for me. Sunday nite Jan 10th around 9pm. Don't remember the man's name. He was extremely helpful  the Pharmacy staff seems constantly confused by the simplest requests My fiance just left the ER and came to this location to fill his prescription.  He has been here before.  He had never had an issue before.  Today he had an issue.  The lady at the pharmacy was extremely rude and told him he couldn't get his pain meds because he didn't have an AZ drivers liscence! What BS is that! He went down the street to CVS...much better pharmacy services there. Long story short I got prescribed medication the other day around 4:00pm and the lady told me that won't be ready til about 6-630pm. Already red flag because back in Ohio  don't assume that I'm standing there because I am I part of the passport family who is Indian and I also happen to look brown. I'll pass on coming back here in the future."  VERY tiny space with about 5 spa chairs & about 5 nail stations. It is nice though & clean." WUJvBRZ_4NfoMSJXDEQ8xA I find all AZ pedicures incredibly over priced..which is why I'm rating this as moderate." I am for sure making this my new place for pedi's!"  but they do a great job and my feet look fantastic when I'm done. They do great nail art (which I take advantage of); last time I got plaid toenails; they were so cute!  Of course I would never go back to this place.  Worse manicure I've got in 20 years.  They don't clearly tell you when you walk in that they consider 1 silver line as 'design' even though the nail technician said that is included in the $5 French manicure design  and they still look perfect. Highly recommend these people!" I started calling nail salons at 6:50 pm asking what time they close and they all said 7 and hung up on me until I called Tammy's. The lady who answered the phone was so sweet and told me to come in even though they were closing in 10 minutes. I got a pedicure and my eyebrows waxed. I was happy with the end result of the pedicure but  the lady could have given a better massage. I was also happy with my eyebrows and the lady who did them didn't give me a dirty look when I gave her feedback of what I wanted. The salon is average nothing fancy but I will definitely come back for the fabulous customer service which always wins in my book. This is a great price at a great location!" I went in for a mani/pedi today. Crystal talked me into the deluxe pedi and I'm so glad I did!  Best pedi I ever had! The singing/ humming she did along with it was icing on the cake :) Anna did my mani at the same time and I was in heaven! She even did a little back massage at the end. I'll be going back.  and got to sit on one of the 4 cars/chairs of his choice. The lady that cut his hair was friendly and interactive with him  where to begin!? This place was nothing short of awesome. I've been looking for a good place to take my 18 month old for a good month. I came across this specific location and decided we would give it a go (eventhough its 30mins away). I am veryy happy we did! Miss Jenn helped us  and they have a rewards card so we get coupons every couple of months for money off or special offers. The kids love the games and movies they can play and all of the stylists do a pretty good job. I recommend making an appointment so you don't have to wait. And we love Miss Veronica Value: Worth EVERY penny" My 14 month old son just had his first haircut today and went awesome! Bridgett was patient with him and very friendly. He sat in a police car while watching Mickey Mouse Clubhouse and only cried a little when the buzzer went on. I will definitely be taking my son there from now on for future haircuts! The price was awesome and the service wonderful. They really are geared towards the little ones! Just took my 16 month old son in for his 1st haircut.  Karen was awesome and very patient.  She gave us a lock of his hair and a magnet picture frame. Lane loves his new haircut! Thanks! "Love this place! Other location on Cactus.....never again! The stylists are friendly and polite My 3 year old has been coming here for over a year now. It has been a great experience every time!! Veronica does a really great job!!  we have been coming to Cool Cuts on 7th Street. Veronica is great and the kids love her! They love the firetruck and police car chairs and the fun movies the can pick out while they are getting their hair cut. Highly recommend them!"  gave him good ideas for distraction and did a great job on his hair cut. We are DEFINITELY coming back here! He was smiling at the end and told us he had fun. The price was really good as well." Veronica connected so well with my granddaughter.  She made sure she understood the style that she wanted and it turned out darling!  It had lots of braids and sure looked difficult.  We couldn't have been happier.  My granddaughter only wants Veronica to style her hair now. I drive from North Scottsdale to see Karen. She's been doing all if my kids hair for years since she was at the Scottsdale location. Coming from NYC I was very particular in who touched my sons hair. I like his hair cut not shaved like a barbershop. She takes her time and does exactly what I ask her to do. i recently took my 8 month old son for his 2nd hair cut here with his stylist Karen. She is the best. my son enjoys his visits here and she is always very nice and friendly. my son is very at ease with her. she listens to what i wanted and cut his hair perfectly. i couldnt be more happy with the results. I absolutely loveeee this place. My son has been getting cuts from Jessica for the past two years and not once have we been disappointed. If your child hates haircuts this is the place to go.  I even make the drive from El Mirage to come here. Veronica was our hairstylist and she did a wonderful job! She had my daughter pick out a movie to watch while she cut her hair. I am super picky about anyone cutting my daughter's hair because it's curly and not a lot of people know how to cut it right "Our stylist Jessica was extremely patient and caring with our two year old. Played his favorite movie ""Cars"" and entertained him the whole time."  and FAST. She checked in with me each step of the way to see if I wanted this or that even if he fussed. My son probably would have been fine without me there easy to schedule appointment and very clean. great environment."  she was great! Our 14 month old boy's haircut turned out perfectly and she was very patient with him wiggling around! He had his first haircut at a different location and I didn't like how it turned out  and a train table to wait by...great place."  very kid friendly. She is the only reason I gave it 1 star. My son has curly hair. He was very excited for his first haircut. She was extremely rude to him and handled him roughly. She sprayed his hair and put conditioner on his it and started combing his hair very roughly. He started crying and said she is hurting him. I asked her to be more gentle and she refused "I went to this place based on the reviews I saw on here. I was not disappointed at all. It was only my 2 year old daughter's second time getting her hair cut and she hates strangers so I was extremely nervous with how she was going to react to the whole thing. She picked out the car she wanted to sit in and they put on her favorite show for her and gave her multiple toys to play with as well. Karen was great and was very patient and helpful. I recommend this cool cuts 110%. Even if you live far from this location Miss Kelly is the best! She always does a great job on my sons hair and she is so great with him! They always do a fantastic job here! Quick-professional- and great haircuts!  If you can call ahead for an appt there is no wait but I've also done a walk in plenty of times and they are usually very quick to get us in.  we took her to Cool Cuts 4 Kids. She had a great time. She sat in a firetruck and played with the steering while while watching some Minnie Mouse cartoon. She didn't fuse at all during the experience. They also give a cute little first hair package  too short of a hair cut and I still had to pay for their error. Wasn't happy with the hair cut  but it is totally worth the drive every time! Jessica is amazing and seriously so patient and understanding (my 15 month old had a bit of a meltdown on his 3rd haircut-to put it politely lol)! I haven't been to any other stylist but they all seem to demonstrate the same upbeat attitude! The cute car chairs and DVD players are a plus and the waiting play area is awesome to keep the little ones busy if there's a wait. I won't go anywhere else!"  they definitely do their best to give my son a good haircut. They have cool car chairs for the kids to sit in  with the TV's and cars/trucks for the kids to sit in.  Stylists are very friendly....but feel their skill level is poor. We have not had good haircuts with our son either of the 2 times we took him there. Both times the cut was crooked and today we asked for a small trim and he ended up with basically no bangs because the stylist cut the bangs crooked and had to cut shorter to make it straight. I had to be the one to point out that the cut was crooked as she was finishing up and didn't notice.  I don't expect a perfect cut with a baby but my son was even sitting pretty still so that shouldn't have been the issue. Would rather go elsewhere." My daughter had a wonderful first hair cut experience. The staff truly specialize in helping make children of all ages feel comfortable throughout the entire process. Heather was fabulous!! Love this place! My son asks to get his hair cut on his own he loves it so much. We had Kelly the first few times and she moved. She was amazing! Now we go to Jessica and she is the best! She really listens to what I ask and gives him a great hair cut that not only looks good when we walk out but grows out great and lays perfect! You know you have a good hair cut when it grows out nicely too. Highly recommend this place and Jessica! "This place was great! Went to get my 5 year old a short hair cut because she was twisting her hair so much. Veronica was awesome Jessica and Veronica are the best. Those are our go to girls. Started bring my son when he was 1 for his first cut and he is now 9. The kids get their cut as do my husband and I. One stop for all of our haircuts and they do a FANTASTIC JOB. Totally rad hair salon! My son is 1 1/2 and today we got his second haircut.. The lady who cut his hair was named Rachel and she was very quick and patient w my toddler sitting in his lil yellow car crying the entire time. She talked too him and interacted w him the entire time! Played Elmo for him and even called him by his 1st name. I was completely satisfied with the way everything turned out and 100% happy with my boys new due. Thank you ladies for your patience and keep up the great work. We will def be back! 5star Go see this salon people!! And ask for Mikey!!"  as they don't like adding them to your credit card."  so be prepared to say no if you don't want it to end up costing more than $20. You don't need to make an appointment  to have my summer pedicures done.  I found a coupon in the mail and decided to try it out.  I walked in without an appointment and was greeted with a big smile by Mikey.  He got me right in and gave me one of the best pedicures I've ever had.  Mikey took his time massaging my feet (I think I fell asleep a couple of times) and gave me a beautiful french polish finish.  While I was waiting for my nails to dry he massaged my neck and shoulders! I have never had such a wonderful and 1NSbVxzHYnCzd_VRad_0Lw My daughter and I made an appointment here while visting family. We had a wonderful experience! One of the best pedi/mani's I've had at the best price! I took a card to give to my sisters-in-law who live in town. I will definitely go back when we are in town again.  that they closed at 4! I apologized and Mikey was  wonderful and happy to stay late to give me a pedi & mani! I really appreciated his demeanor and friendliness. I have found my new spot for mani/pedis and brow waxing! Reasonable price too!"  it's worth it. I planned on having a mani/pedi on wednesday so I called and made an appointment. I showed up before my appointment but sat in the pedi chair for more than 20 min before a tech came over... I ended up pulling my feet out of the water while I waited. I ended up not getting a mani because I didn't want to be there until 8pm. The ""manager"" apologized... but I've heard it plenty of times before!!!! I won't be going back...."  9 techs and still waiting over 1/2 an hour since my appt time.  All the ""free"" techs are doing each others nails.  Last time I come here." Love this.place great mani and pedicure. ask for Nancy she is a perfectionist. I can't vouch for the other nail techs.  If Nancy is not available then I won't get my nails done.  with no appointment.  My sister and I just wanted pedicures - they were short-staffed If they bring me to the wax room.. I might start snoring."  but id probably try another place in the future just due to the quality of the paint."  and did not feel like the gentleman put any extra effort in.  Had paint around my nails and on my toes.  I would go elsewhere for the price." Always have a good experience here. I want to venture into almond nail territory and Mike gave me a beautiful set!  because all of my nail troubles were over. She's the only person who can do any design I like while still giving it that natural look. I can't wait for her to do my wedding nails!"  now I realize why she doesn't have any clients! After she was done with my feet she did gel manicure then I accidentally smeared polish on my big toe she supposedly fixed it when we were done I rushed out of there later at night I realized she hadn't even painted the sides of my nails it was horrible and u could still see my smear on my big toe. It was horrible never going back when I scheduled to go back to redo them they put me with same lady...."  almost too fast and barely spent any time on the good parts of the manicure like massage and file. Filing consisted of ""two swipes"" of the embry board on each finger :/" Jaimie M: isn't Lanie your mom? "Oh my gosh!! Visiting Phoenix from Hawaii and totally needed to get my mani/pedi on. I really like gel nails and happened to have my nails done by Tina and she did the most amazing job. I just wish I could get her out here in Hawaii :( Finally perfect gel manicure & really inexpensive! Also  I returned for gel nails. I sat at a station near the sink and watched as the bowls used to soak fingers were simply rinsed and put back into the drawer for the next use. It's pretty simple to put those bowls in a dishwasher. It made me question the cleanliness of more difficult items if the easy ones aren't even cleaned properly. I won't return to this location."  making an appointment is pointless.  I waited more than 30 minutes before getting my scheduled pedicure.  This the second time this happened.  I was told people were out sick which is understandable but why not call me?" "My BF's mom was in town and had to get her toes done late- This place stayed open late for us.  only 4 stars because I don't really know the quality of work since I didn't get anything done.  But thank you for staying open late I come here often and never disappointed. I brought my granddaughter with me today and they did a great job on her toes!  and even the day after! My skin felt raw and it's still healing. This just surprised me because I've never experienced pain like that due to a manicure before. The people here are very nice and I was seen right away as a walk-in Under new ownership after a few rocky years (original owner passed away last year).  Very friendly salon with excellent staff. "A friend referred me to Beautyworx a few months ago and I have been going regularly for manicures ever since.  Marie (the owner) has impressed me as an extremely committed and caring person for her customers as well as her staff.  I recently entrusted Chrissy (Marie's daughter) This salon is great! I see Christine and have been going to her for years for my hair and eyebrows. She knows how to make me look good! I moved to Arizona in 2010 and having been going to Christine ever since based on a recommendation from a friend. She is amazing with my hair and she is always on time :) the salon is beautiful and everyone is always so friendly! I would recommend anyone to her!"  asked for ombre and now my hair is black/grey.  thanks christine." "Christine is awesome! She has been doing my hair for years and always looks like perfection! Go see her!! (: Overall Got my hair do there today by Chelsea. She did an excellent job. She is great at color and highlights. Loved the way it turned out. Will be back for sure. Great service!! I've gotten hair extensions here multiple times and I always leave with exactly what I want! This is the place to go!  extensions and I've never once been disappointed. There have been times I wanted to change up my look and Krissy would give me a lot of different ideas and execute them perfectly! The staff is great This salon is very welcoming.  Krissy is an artist when it comes to cut and color.  She's also great to talk to.  I definitely recommend Beauty Worx!  I will see you again."  Cassidy. She gave me the cut I imagined and got my hair looking healthier than it has in a long time. I left feeling so amazing and couldn't stop looking a tmy hair. if you go ask for Cassidy she is AWESOME!!!!"  then stuck me under the hair dryer for 10 minutes for unto soak in. Once she started to cut and style my hair I could tell that she wasn't very experienced "Yep...I agree with the previous...absolutely gotta love them....attentive  She butchered my hair. I left with a Liza Minelli haircut. i merely asked for my hair to be thinned out (very think hair). I mentioned throughout the cut that i though it was going to be too short. The stylist assured me it would be fine because she was cutting from the bottom up. In the end  I know she and Marie keep an all star team of stylists in the salon ready to rock. I've seen many many awesome styles and happy clients leaving the salon!" the salon has a positive family atmosphere and was clean.  Sarah was patience caring and took time to consult with me to get a final result that was exactly what I wanted.  A great haircut and color. As a first time client Id recommend the salon and Sarah.  The receptionist is adorable. I look forward to coming back I love this salon- everyone is super friendly and Krissy consistently does a fantastic job! Wonderful salon. Been going here for over a year and always satisfied. Crystal does my hair and it always looks good. She's busy cuz she's so good but definitely worth it.  Love her!!!   And BeautyWorx also has pedicures and manicures.  Comfortable atmosphere." Good location next to Starbucks. I suggest you check it out!" The hot shaving cream and straight razor trim was much appreciated  Ari. The waiting area is comfy and I love the refreshments served during holiday season."  I have been going here since I moved to arizona two years ago I am the kind of guy who sticks to a good thing I just stopped in today to get a shave and a haircut I wish I hadn't. They are the rudest people I have ever seen in my life. Could hardly understand them with their broken English. They were very rude. There were two men and one woman in there and they just stood there and looked at me didn't ask if I would like a haircut or anything they're too busy talking amongst themselves. I would not recommend them to anyone they are very disrespectful and very discourteous towards people. Find someplace else you will be much more happier don't waste your time it's not worth it if I could write them a -5 I would We came in here to get my business partners haircut 14 bucks not bad and They have the gel he been looking for in Cali at a good price.  Friendly atmosphere clean place we are only her on business.. So great place to go. 4 chairs "I have been living in the valley for over 20 years and I can confidently say that Shaw Butte Barbers are the best in the business! They are on the quiet side  don't cut someones hair!!  I'll stick to letting the professionals at Honeycomb Organic Hair Salon  do my cutting from now on. How hard could it possibly be to trim BANGS?! THEY'RE ALREADY PARTED SHAPED! My bangs look disgusting and I'm not going to let that hack job TRY to fix them. Bs!"  and conveniently located close to home.  While I fully admit to being high maintenance in some ways I keep my hair a relatively simple process - just follow what is there Took care of me even though I didn't give them much to go on.  I appreciate the patience every time I'm here. Good for a quick trim and service was friendly!" If I could gives this place 0 stars I would! Worst experience ever! Horrible customer service and the lady who cut my hair messed up my bangs so bad! I can't believe she has a license to cut hair. Beware of the chola lady with red dike hair!  good to know you don't think haircuts differ at all in time. This woman with short red hair(pixie cut) came over and showed me to to my seat- her breath reeked of cigarettes. I told her I wanted to keep my length- light layers- and a frontal bang. She did the WORST haircut I have ever received in my life- and this is not an exaggeration. My hair went from the middle of my right below my collar bone. That's not layering that's doing a sh*tty cut because you want to go home. And I am particularly attached to my hair/ it takes a while for it to grow. I started crying in the chair and my hair fell to the floor. She looked at me and rudely asked if I had ever had layers before as if I was stupid. I told her I'd had em all my life but they never looked like this. She kept none of the length. And her complete lack of compassion and customer service at the fact that I was obviously upset. She held no conversation- asked how my day was or anything. A girls hair is very important and now I have to spend the next few months wearing a ponytail. I will NEVER be back & I wish the store owner was there so they could see that directly."  walked out. What nasty looking stylists. I'll never return. Try Zara Salon next door. I see Donna now." "Went in in this evening . The lady cutting my hair either had a plane to catch or was genuinely not interested. Didn't even let me say a word on what was wrong with the haircut  "Disappointed with the service I received from Carrie today. She was unwelcoming and displayed a ""cold"" attitude towards me and her own co workers. Bad representation of the company. I won't be returning." "Very professional lady she did a great fade after I screwed up the back of my head  I did call Ms. X back that day on her cell and left a message explaining that I would not be returning to the salon and why. I regret not speaking to a manager to give the business a chance to make amends. As it is would def recommend and continue driving 15 miles to see Eve again." z7F5NHgN1iqSaNDbADhvlA  whom I've come to think of as my second family.  I spend every other Saturday with these people and they are golden."  but she makes my hair look so good in the salon that I can't duplicate it myself at home (dangit!)  Mikel is the nail tech I see and she has many clients that have been seeing her for years (including me). Shannon is the aesthetician and does a FABULOUS wax!! I would recommend this salon to anyone!" This is the place I go for my waxing and facial needs. Shannon is an absolute doll and someone who has become a friend. She takes care oft facial and makes me feel good about myself! The family has been seeing Misty for more than 10 years...she's the Goddess of Do's!  I was referred to a stylist at Salon Boulevard by my friend.  I honestly cannot thank my friend and my new stylist Eve enough.  I thought I would have to get all my hair chopped off to fix the bad cut.  Eve saved me about 5 inches of hair."  where are you? Salon Boulevard needs you!)"  amazing. He worked with me and within a few short weeks my hair was shiny and soft and gorgeous. Since then I've gone blonde to dark brown to bright red  the only person I will ever let touch my eyebrows. People constantly complement me on how ""perfect"" my eyebrows are. I am also in love with the peels and masks. I used to have fine lines on my forehead and a worry line between my eyebrows  I dont go to anyone else. He can do everything from a simple refreshment cut to a ""bitchin bob"" as we have come to call it. He will take his time & make sure your look is absolutely perfect  and I love it. The receptionists are always welcoming. Always seem to want to take care of you before you see your stylist or nail tech. They even offer complimentary WINE!!! I was referred by a friend to see Dorene and I have to say "I see Eve Rumore at this salon. I would never allow another stylist or colorist to touch my hair.  I always look polished and professional. She makes me feel like a million bucks!  Love Eve "I've been coming here for years. Everyone here is wonderful and a lot of fun. Eve is my girl! She has been doing my hair (color  not my cup of tea. I prefer somewhere that caters to regular eyebrow waxing- not a make-do situation." "I had Rob give me a color and a trim this evening and it was great! Everyone is super friendly and fun. I just wanted my hair a shade or two lighter and to neaten up some split ends. I had a great time! Cozy little place. The price isn't cheap Tammy is the best and Rob is so entertaining you're guaranteed several good laughs during your visit.  Enough said. "A friend of mine referred me to this salon and I'm so happy she did.  I have had terrible experiences before with salons taking advantage of me cost wise I usually don't post reviews on yelp unless I had the perfect experience.  I've been seeing Elina for months now and have nothing but great things to say about her and this location! I was made comfortable and I didn't feel awkward at all! She was extremely professional and kind. I would recommend her to everyone. Something that is also essential for me is cleanliness. They have disposable paper lining like you would see in a doctor's office and an autoclave. Scheduling an apt is a breeze. "I have not been to a "" Barber "" in a long time due to the unprofessionism some show.....Vera did an awesome job a staying on task light conversation and love the little extras.... Straight razor shaved neck and side burns This was my first time going to a barber. I have also gone to corporate places and I now see why barbers are so much better. This place uses vacuums with their trimmers and they take their time on their cuts. Nick did a great job. Plus they give back massages too. I was a little intimidated going into a barber but after leaving here I was comfortable. You now have a regular customer. "Great little shop. Just had a haircut and straight razor on the neck. Classic Totally messed up my cut. Warned her 3 times about a problem area and she still cut it too short even after acknowledging that she knew and assumed that I wanted a particular trim on the back of my neck without confirming. When I brought up that my haircut wasn't what I had asked for she pointed to a picture on the wall and said that's what I gave you. When I told her that that's not what I wanted but wanted a different one she told me that it would be a different haircut. No acknowledgment that she messed up or offering to fix it or anything. A barbershop is where guys go to haircuts specific to their style and she needs to remember that. If she wants a guy to point at a wall and choose a barber shop isn't the best place. You should  have taken the day off Mss. J." I've also had a massage by Beth who is AWESOME! Extremely profession and just a very good masseur. For nails  I told the front desk girl & an elderly female employee I would be leaving since the new stylist still had not shown up and no one provided me with an update. How long was I expected to wait?  The elderly woman gave me a weak excuse and was not motivated to try to resolve the situation.  Her attitude (for someone her age) was very poor.  I won't be returning & will share with others this very unpleasant first time experience.  It's amazing that some businesses still operate this way in today's day & age.  What a shame..."  I was willing to give it a shot and Donna turned out to be really great."  which I was not advised of when I made the appointment.  Attention to detail on both your hands and feet and time to relax and be pampered cannot be accomplished in an hour.  I was very very disappointed in the service received and would never even think twice about giving them another try.  Luckily I had purchased a deal on one of the Phoenix deal sites JjEeBJre3x_7kGdXiR3OLw "I purchased a Groupon for a shellac manicure & pedicure. Both services were performed by the self proclaimed ""only full time manicurist."" She complained about how little money she actually makes on each Groupon and basically threw a pity party. I finally told her I would have never visited the salon if not for the Groupon Had a Groupon for a mani pedi and unfortunately I did not research this place well enough. Got there in time. Receptionists were nice. Told me the nail tech will be there soon. I had to ask them if I should choose my nail color. The tech Diane or Diana was nice but not at all thorough. Could you imagine? I noticed that she did not go through the trouble of cleaning off the old polish on all of my nails. The hand massage was lame and lasted all of 2 mins per hand. I noticed when that my nails looked lumpy and I mentioned it to her but she brushed it off as that's how my nail was. Now I've been getting mani pedis for a long time and I know what my nails are like or supposed to look like. When I left I realized that she had indeed polished over my old polish! Wow! That was a first. I would definitely not be going back to that salon. Obnoxious clients and less than excellent nail tech. I think that Tabitha needs to visit this place. - Not as pleasantly clean as I have seen other places like my favorite 'Hand and Stone'.. Hand and Stone offers much more professional service  even the owner.  They should really not be in business.  There were no customers when I was there so I guess thats why they falsely advertise as a Hilton Salon and Spa when its really called Compliments.  Desperate!  A really terrible place."  I guess I just answered why ""Hilton"" is part of their name.  Not a great place." I've since noted that all other negative reviews for Compliments correlate with having purchased a Groupon.  If I was satisfied with my service. My nails still look fantastic (minus the white outlines)" Unbelievable. I would give it zero stars if it wasn't for the free tootsie pop in the waiting room." Do yourself a favor - go somewhere else."  AZ 85022) for charging $55 for a 5 year old's pedicure after quoting me a much lower price. That is obscene for an ordinary  run of the mill child's pedicure." "I have been through many hair stylists and can honestly say that every time I go to this salon and see Courtney it is a relaxing occasion with a professional that knows what she is doing and aims to please. I went to the salon for color and cut and had to leave without my cut because I had to run out on another appointment. Courtney felt so bad for something that was obviously not her fault and she made sure to fit me in within a couple of days. She is amazing. Also "I also purchased a Groupon when they offered it.  I was never able to get an appointment untill after the expiration date of the offer.  As stated by others "I have to say I was a little hesitant about using my Groupon here after reading the reviews.  However I can honestly say I am glad I gave it a chance! My stylist Lauren was awesome. She gave me the exact look I was wanting while being very open about what would work best Tabby herself would get 5 stars."  her comments are only excuses! Lousy business obviously run by someone with no business acumen. This only underscores my original review."  with an incredible deal...which proves to be awesome when looking for someone who will potentially be a regular go-to.  I got super lucky as 'Courtney' had a cancellation today and 'Tori'(front desk) was able to fit me in within a few hours notice.  Courtney clearly knew her stuff. She listened to my request and absolutely nailed it. We discussed future visits and color options. I knew this wasn't the ""Hilton hotel spa"" Anyhow my experience was fantastic start to finish and Lauren has a new client "I had my wedding hair and nails done at this salon as they are the closest salon to where I was getting ready (I have been going to this salon through its various owners for the past twenty years). Lauren was absolutely fantastic! She took the time to play around with my hair when I went in for just a haircut so that we were set on a style for the big day. She was relaxed and made great suggestions. She was very flexible and my hair turned out great. It lasted through the summer heat and looked fantastic in pictures. Terri did my nails and the (my first ever) gel manicure lasted through flower assembly and a hiking honeymoon. I was very impressed. Coming from NYC the nail prices are a bit high  I had much distaste considering I was leaving 5 hours later with unacceptable hair. I then called to correct the situation and was denied a refund and told that was against policy. They did however offer to fix my hair "I followed Brittany here so I could continue to get great hair care services.  Once again I was NOT dissapointed.  The location it's self was easy to find "This place gets 5 stars because of Lauren.  She is an amazing stylist.  She really listens to what you want  I had much distaste considering I was leaving 5 hours later with unacceptable hair. I then called to correct the situation and was denied a refund and told that was against policy. They did however offer to fix my hair  stopped in n showed the young lady at the desk a picture n asked if they had a stylist that could handle something like it. She immediately said ""Jessica"". A couple weeks later  I was online and noticed a groupon (it's still there) I believe it's cut Im so happy that I was paired with her as a stylist Whatever you do don't go there with a Groupon. I really believe they want to get you in there and then take more money from you somehow." Management seemed apologetic and gave me a 50% discount on a cut if I wanted to come back again with either Maria or another stylist  this time with another stylist.  Will update when I know more."  but I still have a cut that is difficult to style and isn't the most complimentary to my face or the quality of my hair.  I really hate when stylists think they know better than you what looks best  on you. Really wanted to give this place a better rating The shop is very nice and comfortable. You don't feel intimidated coming here. Everyone is great!!" I have been getting hair cuts at Gulick Bros for 20 years!  They are the BEST.  Never a bad haircut to leave this place regardless of which stylist you use.  It's a trendy yet comfortable place which is family owned. for 25 plus years.  ( a few T.V. celebs. have also gone there )" I have been coming here for about six months to get my hair done by Chuck. He is great! He picked out the perfect hair color for me and cuts my hair just the way I want it done. He is so efficient "Dave Jr. has been cutting and coloring my hair for years.  I'm the kinda gal who will come in and ask what looks best I had my hair cut for the first time by Pete Gulick today and it was fanominal! He couldn't of done a better job. I felt very comfortable and welcome the whole visit. Pete is a not only a fabulous hair stylist but a friendly person who has the best advice about hair! I would definitely recommend him to anyone looking for a great quality hair cut. Dave Sr is the best! Been coming here for years. I grew up in the neighborhood and went to school with some of the Gulick family. Great people. Exceptional stylists. Dave has always impressed me. Love this place!  I decided to go back to Gulick Bros. Best hair decision I've made! Dave not only remebered who I was but he knew exactly what I wanted as soon as I sat in his chair! He takes his time & makes you feel important  Sr does great hair. I hear Chuck does great hair as well. Very impressed with this place and look forward to my next appointment!" "I've been going to Dave Jr. for a few years (on and off). I just saw him this past Saturday (09/13/14) and I am never disappointed in his work! The first time I ever went to him about 4 years or so ago "I am so grateful that they could get me in last minute on a Saturday. I got a full color and cut and it was exactly what I wanted. I'm not good at communicating what I want done with my hair but Chuck somehow understood completely. The color looks great Hair cuts were always great but I stopped going here because Dave Sr. turned into a jerk! Heaven forbid you come late one time -- you will pay dearly with passive aggressive treatment. I'm done! "Gulick Brother's Hair Salon is a top notch salon!!  My mom has been going here for years and has always been extremely happy with the service  you might pay a little more or a little less.  The don't take walk-in's so call and make an appointment.  Most of the stylists have loyal followings -- they are that good.  Don't let the little old ladies throw you off from visiting here.  You can get a really good haircut for under $15 "Excellent service! Winnie used to work at another hair salon before she bought this one. She is the new owner and she is a true artist. I came in with a friend to get a haircut and color "Winnie the owner of the salon has been my stylist for the last two plus years and I followed her here from another salon. She has amazing talent and by far the best colorist in town. If you're looking for a fresh new look or just a trim and touch up OPUnaTRk6Nyv2QO6l2sa4w I recommend it to all my friends and family"  she is very talented and has done a great job with my highlights. Consistency is crucial when it comes to highlights and i never walk out unhappy. I have done short haircuts Winnie is a wonderful hairstylist.  She looked at the photos I brought with me and worked with me about length (as I want to grow it out for a wedding next year).  Very professional and fun.  I hear that she also does wedding hair.  I would take her up on that if I did not live out of town.  and she cut my hair exactly the way I wanted it. What a relief to know my hair is in the hands of a true professional. I recommend this place highly. I just went back for my 2nd cut. Everyone there is friendly I do not know the real name of Mrs. Edward Scissor hands but if you visit this place your best bet is getting Winnie to cut your hair!" Cricket was awesome!!! Love my new haircut I highly recommend visiting this salon and come out looking Fabulous."  quick and the location is perfect for me. I've never had to wait and everything is clean and new. The only thing I dislike is that when the owner is having a bad day  My first hand custom Spray tan! I loved it. I thought id feel funky standing there in my drawers but he made me feel like i was family. All in all this place is great  nice extras in the rooms like baby wipes and extra towels) but I think you get the point by now.  Just check this place out The owners of this place are great. They keep the place clean and they offer several options for tanning. They have a good selection of lotions too. I also appreciate that they offer a discount to the local gym members. I'm very fair skinned and I go to Mexico on vacation every summer... this is my place to pre-tan so I don't burn in Mexico. "Great barber shop took my son.They cut it the way he wanted it Wonderful Customer service fast and friendly. I went in and recieved the same service. one on on attention they have moved to 12020 n 32nd st phx.  whenever the hair gets long) and the fact that I drive all the way to his location from my castle in Tempe should tell you that it's for a good reason. His rates are good  so it is great for me - convenient.   Steve is personable and the shop is inviting.  I love the hot towel and back-vibrator massage.  I have been going to Steve for years A solid cut for a great price. I will be back. This place is amazing the price is the best in town the hair cuts are on point never had a bad cut here. It's a family biz and they treat you like your family the barber I use is Jeff all I got to say is you will love your hair cut if you come here! Only place open on 4th of July! Jeff did a fantastic job and has a steady hand with a blade. Definitely coming back! I used to not really have a certain barber shop I could rely on or trust . But my friend recommended me Steve's barber shop a year ago and ever since then I been a loyal customer. Jeff is my barber there always consistent with cuts cleans you up nice always being innovative as well even when you're about to get up to pay if he see's that something needs a touch up he will make it right ! Detail is appreciated here you will leave happy ! LBCu6fZIcsv5PDFXOOEodw  Steve and his wife are very good as well but for skin fades I recommend the younger barbers Joe and Jeff. They work quick and cut for a great price although I have a set price with tip usually (by choice) as I get my hair cut weekly. Again "It's really hard to find a barber who can cut my hair. Lately I've been losing a lot of hair to where I came to a point I need to find the right barber to blend it in. Jeff at Steves Barbershop took excellent care of me. He knows his work. When the roots are all barbers  the tools are well maintained and he is an expert at his craft. I don't even feel bad that I left my barber of two years to start coming to him  I'm not. You can come to your own conclusions. I'm invoking Hanlon's Razor: never presume malice where stupidity is more likely."  I got on yelp and looked for barber shops with good reviews and this place didn't disappointed. I got a hair cut with Steven's son and very pleased that way he did my fade and taper. So if your looking for a good barber here's the place to go." What a Great! family run business. I have been going to Steve's now for over 5 years. No fluff just a great cut without all of the upsizing!!  one chair over from Steve. I get the scissor and clipper conservative look. Besides a great cut she treats me like royalty. I walk out looking and feeling much better than other places I've been to. Steve has always come across as a nice guy in my presence and conversationally  walk outta there feeling like you're on the front cover of GQ!!!" Awesome customer service!!!  These people know what they are doing!!!!!  Great staff with experience!!!   The best in town!!!!  and help you find the product that is right for you.  Easy parking in a convenient location. (Trader Joe's/Whole Foods shopping center.)  The nail/massage area is quite nice - private and quiet."  which I could barely feel went just slightly above my ankle.  The actual exfoliating part of the pedicure barely happened - I need to find ANOTHER place to do the job they didn't do.  I paid $52 (incl. $8 tip) and feel completely ripped off.  Oh  and it was great. Donald cut my hair and he was great. We got along as if we known each other for years and he cut my hair exactly the style I wanted." When I called to make the appointment I asked for a senior stylist who was good with long hair.  I was getting a trim and style.  I wished I had taken a ""before"" picture so I could post it.  Let me tell you.. I had just rolled out of bed and was looking like one hot mess!  What a transformation.  Carissa made my hair look FABULOUS!!.  She even gave me a scalp massage when she washed my hair and also she took her time blowdrying my hair and made sure it was perfect.  Carissa is very professional  they take ULTA coupons too!!! and you can stack them with your beauty brands take ten!!" I have been going to this salon for over a year. Jodi a senior stylist is wonderful! I have long hair and I color and highlight it regularly. They also carry Bumble & Bumble products which I love. Great service and prices I like the professional but not stuffy atmosphere.  and have not been anywhere near this happy." I stopped by this Beauty Brands for the first time last week after yoga class looking for a dry shampoo and had no idea what kind I wanted. All of the girls immediately recommended their favorites and found the bottle for me. They were very friendly and continued to offer their advise on other products. I am very satisfied with my choice and would definitely go back! Maybe even try the salon.... Lisa is for sure my new stylist and I will be making all my appointments with her...I can't wait till next week to see how she colors my hair! :)" "Best place ever for all your hair and nail needs!!!!! I will always got to beauty brands for my hair and nails  invest your money in seeing a doctor! Your a lot more likely to solve the problem the right way and quicker." 6r8KHqgmlM3PWVZ7suyQ6w  then I had my husband come here for a mole check and I wish I hadn't! He has two super large scars from where she removed the moles--it looks hacked :(  I feel terrible and to top it off  friendly and knowledgeable. I was pleased with my experience." 6r8KHqgmlM3PWVZ7suyQ6w "I agree with the other reviewers. I came in for a mole check and they ended up removing 3 moles  They didn't inform me how much it would be to remove them. I told her my insurance isn't great and I was worried about the cost. I ended up paying almost $1  kind and caring. Many of the dermatologist I have gone to (before meeting Dr. Holy) were more concerned with selling you Botox or the latest facial rejuvenation fad. Dr. Holy cares about Skin Cancer and the only way to be sure is to biopsy a questionable mole.  So ugly scar for a mole that was questionable - too bad - I've had real scars from my melanoma surgeries I have had absolutely fabulous experiences with Dr. Holy. She and her staff are awesome. I had the liquid magic facelift and I feel amazing. Results walking out the door. I totally recommend her for a procedure or even just a full body check. Dr. Holy is a Harvard grad with a huge emphasis on the healthiest approach to looking beautiful and staying beautiful.  She will recommend products that are organic and pure and tell you about the prescription too and give you options.  In my industry you see a lot of Dermatologists and in my opinion Adriana Holy is possibly the best in the Valley."  but am suffering with embarrassing atrophy one year after receiving a cortisone injection. Other professionals have mentioned another means of relieving treatments would have been more helpful and would not have left such a mark :( I guess I am writing this as a reminder to please make sure cortisone is properly diluted  but her office professionalism is horrible. Yesterday her office phoned me to say the PA misread my lab work and I would need to come in to discuss it. Her billing office came over and said they made a mistake accepting my insurance and basically I would need to pay up before getting lab information. They could have told me over the phone of the insurance problem and I would need to pay. I did everything I could to ensure they accepted by insurance I'm really happy that I found this place. I'm amazed about the work I look much younger I recommend it to anyone I'm definitely going to be a reoccurring customer. I love this place and the people. The price everyone can afford. "Thanks to Dr Holy for a wonderful experience!   As an Arizona native who has spent many hours in the sun during the ""pre sunscreen"" era skin changes can be very concerning.  Dr Holy's thorough examination and educational discussion put me at ease and gave me the confidence to help her monitor my skin health.   Caring  doesn't try to sell you something she knows you don't want.  Never feel any pressure to purchase products.  Dr. Holy is so skilled in cosmetic dermatology....AND Walk-ins only.  Comfortable and plentiful seating.  Can get REALLY busy at peak times Great barber shop. Went here the first time and will be going back. The shave your neck which is key. All these guys are great and I love that they use a straight razor to shave my neck and all the edges. Great job guys!!! Paul does the best job with my hair." I was working in AZ for a couple of weeks and needed a haircut (fade) Tony cleaned me up just as good as my regular barber and for the same price! Looks like I found my AZ barber. "Neighborhood staple.  Love coming here.  Always great conversation and as a side bonus "It's hard finding a barber that you trust. I've bounced around for years trying to find a good barber "Simply the best barber shop in Phoenix. I have been going here for over 17 years and there is no one I trust more with my hair than Max. In addition  I realized that they didn't take debit cards.  Paul waved his hand and said just stop by whenever I was in the area to settle up.  Very professional and courteous."  the best barber shop in the city!" "Moved into the neighborhood almost a year ago and this is my go to Barber now. Paul is fast  professional and if you ask the right questions you get the barbers philosophy of life!" Tony cut my hair and did an excellent job. I didn't have to give him much instruction  and at long last came across this place!  I am so glad to patronize a local business and will continue to do so because the place is clean  Paul is great. So is Lev. They're good at knowing what's good for your look." Great location. Very friendly staff and pharmacy. Small town store feel with big store name. My kids and I are ALWAYS here for something!" Still great store overall. Very helpful staff"  organized store.  The woman working in the cosmetic section was a bit bored and wanted to talk "Nice and close however the pharmacy can be ridiculously slow Went through the drive thru pharmacy the past two times. Had to wait at least 30 minutes both times.  i no longer go to great clips and sports clips and i would recommend any man to go here and get there hair cut too!"  had a bit of a wait (which is nothing considering the amazing service) but after getting my haircut I was pleased to say my hair looks amazing once again thanks to Rosa"  another great haircut at a great price!"  save a dollar on Wed. and Thur.  I tried this shop years ago under different ownership and it was dirty and full of smoke.  Now that the no smoking law is in place I tried it again.  The new owners fixed up the shop so it no longer smells and it's neat and clean.  I'll definitely return again." Found my new barber and they even do flat tops. Old school my friends. I would definitely go back here again. I only knocked off 1 star because at the end she gave me clipper burn cleaning up those pesky bottom neck hairs. Not a huge deal for me to be honest  never too busy. Whoever thinks this is a creepy place is high maintenance drama queen. Been going here 7 months straight every two weeks with no issue. Won't go anywhere else." 3 visits and super happy! I won't go anywhere else now! :-)" zkFP1CIt4MNLNkQC4Vhg3A Ask for Jonathon or his wife.  They are the owners and do an excellent job. They also have a punch card which is cool when small mom and pop places do that... They accept card but its a 34 cent charge. so bring cash." Update. I've returned to the shop to find that they've hired additional staff to handle customers. Hands down one of the best fades I've received here in the valley." In short this guy was about the quick and dirty for cutting hair  and a massage at the end. I had the other guy cut my hair once and the dude hacked me up. I saw him shave a guy once and dude looked like he just at a sloppy ketchup sandwich (bloody in the face). Waiting for Jonathan is definitely worth it." Unless there's an event or special launch (book an appointment for these free make-overs - not to miss!) someone is almost always available to provide you with a makeover or at the very least dkp49eYgIN8iqWcQDvqYmg  but being from Boise I wasn't sure what type of service I would receive here at Paradise Valley Mall. Employees are super helpful here! My sister-in-law got her makeup done here for her wedding I was very disappointed with my face when she finished.  I looked like I was going clubbing.  In ancient Egypt.  Even when I go clubbing I have never felt so uncomfortable at a Mac store before. Usually the girls are very nice and helpful. Here they will make it blatantly obvious that they don't want to be bothered. Don't waste your time.. Go to another store. Incredible Service!! I recently came in to have my make up done for a special event and I highly recommend JESS!! she was great! I have never seen a more perfect and even cat-eye;) I'm very happy with my cosmetic purchases and the entire staff was so friendly. Go check them out!  or considering going blonde?  After years of frustration I finally found a hairdresser who is a genius with color! Her name is Lisa Fournier and she has been with Grandstrands for many years. I have been using her for almost 10 years.  Make sure that you plan ahead when making your appointments My children can be very shy but Craig knew exactly how to make them feel comfortable and they actually enjoyed their haircuts!  For a great cut and supreme customer service I definitely recommend Craig as a stylist.  He has been my hair consultant for many years! Love it here! !! They listen and then do it....  up on the latest styles and reasonably priced. Kathy does my hair & she is amazing! Wouldn't dream of going anywhere else!" Helpful staff! This is what I like to see!!! Love the selection and the staff was very great in helping me and my Auntie find what we needed :D  and everywhere I looked was fully stocked. My only complaint is that the store is small and has so much product. Customers tend to ""hog"" an area so you can barely get by or grab what you want. It's strange! The woman ringing me out was really cool  which is nice because the two Sally's store closest to me are really far apart.  I also find that the staff here is more friendly and willing to help you with any questions you might have while also letting you do your own thing. I've noticed that they also have a pretty decent selection of Gelish nail colors  valuable piece of advice to keep in mind going forward: BE NICE TO YOUR CUSTOMERS.  THEY'RE THE ONLY REASON YOU HAVE A JOB." I came into this Sally's at 8:30pm (30 minutes before they close) because of a coloring Catastrophe. The two girls working rolled their Eyes when they saw a customer had entered the store. They Were already counting the drawer as if it were 5 min. Till close. I had questions And was Ignored even though there was no one else in the store. My roots were the same color as Ronald McDonald's for pete's sake!! Ladies help me out here!!!?? I love Sally's but this location really let me down.  educated and do know what to suggest. Their cashier Ashley is absolutely wonderful and helped me a great deal. The only downside is that store is small and tends to get crowded at times."  but it came with a frown. It seemed like they were annoyed that I interrupted their conversation and they didn't want to pause for me. Someone came in after me and got the same response. They went to ask the girls a question about hair and didn't really get a good answer. One of the girls led them to hair care "I have been to this location several times - it is my preferred location due to the staff being so great. I live across the street from one on the other side of Bell and prefer to drive an extra few minutes to this location. The girls at the other location are snooty and rude and I hate dealing with people who have no business working in customer service. My recent trip was the cherry on top;  I was greeted immediately by Ashley and Ashlynn. They were handling inventory but they made sure to check on me every few minutes as I browsed  and your child being scared to death in the process. Spend a few bucks more and go to a shop that specializes in kids. The kids get to sit in a regular chair or a special car or airplane chair and watch a video from a decent selection while the snippers do their work. My little boy just had his third haircut ever  and the full court press on the hair products was a complete turn-off.  I won't be taking my kids back Considering we had to pay for the gentleman who got his hair cut in the chair next to my son at the barbershop because he (my son  the ladies are patient and have calming solutions. I have seen many haircuts given while the kid is in the Moms lap.   (At least my kids never had that hair meltdown) I am very comfortable with them and think others would enjoy Cool Cuts"  but it gives the kiddo time to play with the train and pick her movie." I was thoroughly disappointed at the lack of customer service! so sad "I brought my 15 month old son in for his first haircut and I will not be going back. The woman who cut his hair was not the type of kid-friendly personality I would expect for someone working in that kind of place. She was very aggressive about trying to sell me hair products Guess where we will go in the future?" I take my kid to get haircuts here because they know how to do cute cuts for children and the price is worth it." I think a lot of customers  must be getting  old stylist  that aren't  there anymore. I always have a great experience.  everyone  should  ask for Theresa.  she is one of the best and has been there for years. Save some time by calling ahead and booking an appointment.  I usually book my son's appointment ahead of time (asking for Theresa OF COURSE- she's works 2 days a week now) then it's hassle free.  You can be in and out of there with a haircut for your child in about 30 mins and you all know I take my son to this Cool cuts every few months.  They staff is always friendly.  I have learned to call ahead and make an appointment as they are often super busy and only have 2-3 stylists on average.  I like that they have a train table to occupy your kiddos if you have to wait. I wish they did not sell toys. This is a constant battle with my 5 year old and I just do not see the purpose of having that kind of distraction.  Elk Grove and here. The fact it is familiar helps getting our sons haircut easier."  he picked out a movie and we tried to get him to sit in one of the cars but he declined so he sat on my lap. He still cried and had a hard time but she was very quick and thorough and he was able to move around and wiggle while she cut it. She did a fabulous job!! She is the second person that I have seen hit a moving target and still cut his hair as if he held perfectly still.. I will definitely be going back to this location for his haircuts. As for others saying that this location is a dump. It is clean Fabulous salon which can get a two year old on and out in less than 15 min with a great cut!  we got right in without having to wait. She let my little guy pick out a movie (quite a selection!) And sat him in the little car chair. When he got a little antsy.. she let him pick from an awesome decoy drawer full of cars to play with! He was all smiles from beginning to end (which was only about 8 minutes because she's so quick!) If your nervous to take your toddler for a haircut.. this place will make it a breeze!" Cons: It is pricey. You pay for the movies and games and not the service. I paid to have my daughters hair dried and they left it wet. They used the blow dryer for a minute and then dried it a little more using their fingers. She told me it it more of a finger dry. Maybe they shouldn't charge for a blow dry if that's not what it is. I also had two employees pushing products at me. I get wanting to inform a customer about a product but when it is continuously being pushed on me the whole time I am there it gets very annoying. Even after saying not interested." They are wonderful girls! Super friendly and great at cutting hair. It is such a wonderful hair salon and the kids feel very at ease! My 3 year old and 10 month old son both love it here! This place is awesome. I have been taking my 2 1/2 year old son here for some time now. Lauren is the best. She has been so patient with.him. He used to cry when we got his hair cut and would never let anyone use the clippers. Everytime we go he gets a little better. He doesnt cry anymore and this last time he even let her use the clippers. His hair always looks amazing. If you go here definetly ask for Lauren she is patient and always has a smile and my little guys loves her.. Took my daughter to get her hair cut for the first time. She loved it. They have a play area and when their name is called they get to pick a game or a movie to watch or play while they get their hair cut! This place isn't one of those fancy schmancy salons.  Healthy Glow is run in a professional healthcare environment.  In fact Monica's sister Dr. Teresa Vesco shares the same office and is a successful naturopathic medicine physician."  you know how hard it is to find an amazing eyebrow waxer! There's no need to search hi and low anymore! Monica is BY FAR the best... EVER! She's been doing this over 20 years or so and she's seriously amazing! I've been going to her about 5-6 years now and I won't go anywhere else!"  I already booked for next month. She has a strong mastery of skin care and knowledge. I had a classic facial and highly recommend." "Had my 1st facial ever today with Monica. A ""classic"" facial was given to me as a birthday gift and it was awesome. My face never looked so good and refreshed. Monica gave me so much good information for future care. For a mature woman (59) it is worth a visit."  how do I do it?  I tell them my fountain of youth is Healthy Glow Skincare inside Arizona Natural Health & Skin Care.  Monica and her team provide first-class skincare services in a serene environment.  It is truly a place for mind This place is awesome." - Ahhhhh.  My skin will thank me really soon...." "This place always smells so good walking by! Bath & Body Works is my go to gift spot when I don't know what to get someone. By someone I mean a woman "Great Staff....Great service....within walking distance of my Apt......and the Candle deals are simply awesome. Starting back in November I have purchased at least 22 candles to this date (Feb 18th 2013). I mean the 3 wick candles usually go for 20 bucks apiece but they have been virtually giving away candles at Bath and Body Works since before the holidays of 2012. I mean 2 for 22.....buy 2 get 2 free.....4 for 30 with a coupon......8 bucks a piece with another coupon.....30 % & 40 % off candles....I mean it has been crazy. So needless to say I look forward to buying many more this year when these glorious sales come around...until then Eat Got some good stuff at great prices."  and that we should buy something sometimes. I left right away. That was very rude. I really was going to buy something  instead of just layers around my face she really took her time and layered my hair in the back too. Liked that she was very careful and meticulous in cutting my hair. Would come here again" I call ahead to confirm that ""Lisa"" is on duty." "Can't ever seem to get a cut here. The wait is 45 minutes or more when there is no one else waiting in the waiting area all while some other customer being helped is having their hair set...smh  smiling staff member.. your offered mint tea... you get a free massage.. YES.. I could fall asleep.. You choose your aromatherapy based on what your nose likes.. and the knowlegable member will work with your skin and hair to get your product correct.. This is no in and out experience..Im sure if you just advised that you need it fast.. and knew what you wanted... they would happily oblige.. BUT just take a moment.. and smell the aromatherapy for olfactory sakes.." Very rude manager. She acted like I was an idiot with every question I had. She acted like it was such a hassle to give me a sample after I spend $50.00. I will not return. "Best place ever! The product is amazing and the is friendly  shoulder-length hair and glasses. The team at the Fashion Sq. store have always been fabulous.  I will never go to PV again."  know their product and give great service.  I love how they are always inviting and want to show me everything new!  My favorite is the wellness!" "I use one Aveda product. The associates are always friendly as they inform me it is ""not in stock"". That is three times in one year where we`ve had to make two separate trips to purchase one product. My daughter attempted to purchase this one product for me two weeks before Christmas and was told it would have to be shipped and they could not guarantee Christmas delivery (it came December 22nd). To be fair Here's a tip: if you are a pure privilege member you can call this store and they will take your order over the phone then ship it to you for free!" Services range from Hair Cut to Full Works (facial  hot towel and great Barber's!  Each one with a good story to tell.  Where else can you watch a ""man show"" on a flat screen while getting your hair cut!" Great haircut nothing more to say. Thanks to Yuri for the cut" This is a great barber shop where I never have to wait long to get a haircut and everyone on the staff gives a great cut.  Hard to find these days. Best barber shop in the valley. The only drawback is that there is a charge to use your credit/debit card.  So plan ahead and bring cash." 2zDDuUfMYrT-NV_Sk_qNCA Pete has been my dad's barber for over a decade. I make the trip here just to see him. Just stopped in Classic Barber Shop based on Yelp reviews. First off open on Sunday is a plus. Secondly the establishment was very clean. Got in without a wait and received my cut from Edward. Excellent cut. As if he had been my barber for years. Will definitely recommend and be a loyal customer as long as I live in this area. Went to Classic based on Yelp reviews.  Had been to similar shop before with some disappointment.  Was disappointed here too for the same reason.  Barbers are way too aggressive in cutting.  They should remember they are not paid for how much is cut off but for what look remains.  The haircut pace was furious.  They need to relax a little to make the experience pleasant.  they will make you feel like a million by the time you leave. Every chair has their own TV with access to full satellite channels. Don't worry about missing a game because they're sure to have it on. Bringing your kids? No problem. These guys know how to keep kids calm and will put on channels catered to kids. Give them a shot Consistently good haircut.  Its not a crap shoot like many other barbers.  and a great haircut! Let me tell you my 5 yr old was so happy!  Very professional and modern!  Highly recommend for men!  Getting my husband in for a clean shave!" "Such an awesome experience. I had Al who made the experience as cool at the atmosphere. There were men here hanging out and reading the morning paper just for the vibe. The full service ""Classic"" was such a steal (haircut I will surely come back again!" Nice shop I would recommend stopping by. I been twice. 5 stars I immediately called a different barber shop and took my business to somewhere else. As a suggestion to whoever manages this place  offers excellent prices and outstanding customer service.. Michael the owner is always in the shop - very little turnover with staff. Try a straight edge shave    Its awesome - live a little !!!"  shampoo and shave from Michael. Always consistently good. Now a bunch of my friends go there great experience.  Michael was recommended by a friend of mine who has been coming here since they opened.  I have never had a professional shave.  Wow "Just had a fantastic haircut with Yafa! She was very friendly but not overboard like many can be. Did a perfect cut and shave and also a hot towel with massage was unexpected! Only $21 for a perfect cut Great staff and always the best haircut. Michael the owner is one of the best in the business. I actually got a good haircut but the customer service was really bad. You've been warned. "Just moved back to Phoenix and decided to check this place out. Peter cut my hair and did an excellent job. I also got a neck shave followed by a surprise neck and head massage. Total came out to $21 bucks  but fantastic if you care about your hair. I go in for a regular shave and a cut for a flat $50 after tip. It is a consistently clean cut and a great shave. In and out with no BS." "I have been going to Classic Barbershop since it opened in November of 2003. Peter was the first guy to give me a haircut "The experience was excellent. On vacation. Thought I'd go for a shave and a haircut.  All business "Since I found this place I stop looking for a anther  barber shop... Me and my boys are regular costumers If you're OK with the high prices and want all the extra goodies "Classic barber shop is one of the best in Phoenix. Since moving here from NYC I have been looking for a great barber. I finally found one. Go see Albert the first chair by the door. He always does a great job and is very thorough. At 21 bucks for a haircut you get the hot towel Pete will cut your hair and you will be happy. He's as good with the clippers as anyone in town and his attention to detail is unmatched. always like people  there and all the girls that works there. Lana has been cutting my hair for a long time  just like I remember as a kid. Prices are reasonable and I highly recommend this barbershop." I've been going here for about five years now.  The lady barber that did me the last time was telling how she has customers that come from the far ends of the valley to get their hair cut here.  I can believe it.  I typically just walk in as any of the barbers are top-notch  warm shaving cream shave finale and shoulder massage nice bonus. Affordable. Good haircut too. I will be back when in town." Classic Barber is Renaissance work in a very  technological society. It's one of the few places left you can sit and enjoy the simple things. You can also tell that every person that works in the shop takes an extreme amount of pride in their craft This is the best barber shop I have been to in AZ and I'm a native here. Very professional and meticulous with their craft to make sure they do a great job the way you like. These guys and gals are masters at their craft with a great barbershop environment I would drive 15+ miles to get my hair cut here! "This place is nothing special. It is overpriced. For the half price you can get the same haircuts in many other places For someone who is passionate about his facial hair The female stylist seems to work fast  especially for kids! Where else can they be treated like little men... Warm towel and massage" Peter is great!! I take my dad in here for a shave every time I come in town to visit. The entire staff is very friendly! I highly recommend this place! Really nice lady gave me a good cut and excellent customer service. "I've finally found my barber shop in the valley.  These guys are fantastic I even started having Ed cut my 3 yr old son's hair.  He seems to be the only one that can deal with him squirming all over the place." The girl wouldn't let me pay because I am not licensed!! At this point I am mad and it takes alot to make me mad. I ended up leaving the store they did not get any money that time and we will not be returning  which I didn't know how to do and told me what to do once I do receive my license in the mail. After realizing I'd forgot something I needed to go back later on and another woman helped me look for another product. I have found that the people at Armstrong are always helpful and willing to help." "Ulta is the lesser stocked more mainstream version of Sephora with more access to drugstore cosmetics and high end cosmetics as well. If you find your bathroom running low on what ever makes you look oh so pretty get one stop shopping for sure at Ulta. One reason I really like going to Ulta is they offer more variety of products than grocery stores "I went to Ulta in Desert Ridge and was really disppointed.  I came in to get my hair trimmed about forty-five minutes before they closed.  When I came in there were two stylists sitting in the waiting area talking to the receptionist.  They asked if I had an appointment (I didn't) and then told me they couldn't take me so late  would you like me to have those delivered to your home?""--- Approved?  I guess it's a good marketing thing that works for them b/c they have been asking this for over a year now I think.  I actually get to tell the truth and say (P.S. flyer tip - wait till after tuesday when stocked  but Sephora is better than both for those items that both Ulta and Sephora carry--and they are helpful and give free samples. Sephora  almost always have my salon haircare products." "This is my local one stop shop for my face washes by Oil of Olay. I simply love them....and i always wait to receive my 3.50 off a 10 dollar purchase coupon in the mail. I then come to this locale and purchase 2 boxes and pay only about 9 bucks for them. Right now this location is under going a renovation but the store is still open for business and the staff is always friendly. Eat  if you haven't been for a while." I've been going to this store for years and am so happy they finally renovated and brought this store up to speed with the rest of the Ulta's. This Ulta still has their salon that uses Redkin products and now a Benefit Brow bar. This store is a lot more organized and thus easier to find the products you are looking for. Great job on the remodel! I've always had friendly service with employees. Staff is very helpful but they often out of stock on major product lines which is quite annoying.  Shouldn't Ulta have the new Ulta products they have been advertising?  go to the 99 Cent Only Store while you wait. They have a lot of cool stuff there and it makes you feel like a rich man to afford anything in the store." Went in last night and I'm not sure what there new approach is. Was greeted by a girl with bright long lime green hair and spider eyelashes . She was very nice . But I'm sorry I personally had a hard time looking at her while talking to her let alone get makeup advice . Most of the population does not go to work with makeup and hair like this . Worst service ever. Walked in and the woman rolled her eyes at me. Lol I'm not sure what I did. It was pretty empty and very clean. Walked around looking for a item for a good 15 min and no help. It want busy at all. The salons looked clean there was no staff for walk ins.  and I was so grateful that she took the time to give such great customer service. I am a continuing customer here  or visit this location again" "They accepted my online coupons not from Ulta website  they do not offer small samples to try at home. Thank god they have a return policy. I was forced to buy something for New Years Eve so I could have foundation for the night and will be returning it since they were so rude to me. Will always make sure to shop at Sephora since they are helpful and let you take home samples to try on at home." They never have my make up in stock. I always have to drive to a location farther away to get it. Love the salon!  Jess has been doing my hair for a while and she never disappoints.  I go when there are m-w discounts on color and cuts.  I also get my brows done here as well and they look great each time.  this is not a good business practice.  I have twice been deceived by this one stylist.  She won't get a third chance!  From comments at the register Your representative used age discrimination against my daughter and I am offended.  I did not make a big deal of it at the store because my daughter was so excited and I did not want her to feel bad but my daughter deserved to have her makeup done." I made a quick trip to Ulta with my 2 month old baby in her stroller. Before I got to the door the sweetest lady had the door open for me. She helped find exactly what I needed and checked me out. Then opened the door for me and my huge stroller again. I felt like royalty . I will definitely be back. Thank You - Greg (a real man)"  an actual life form of a girl walks by and I ask to make sure if she works there and she says yes. I then attempt to ask her for some help and she just keeps walking past me and says ""yeah "I really dislike this location because of the customer service but because I was in the area and needed to buy a birthday present I stopped by. Their shelves are never stocked and they're consistently out of products advertised. I wanted a NYX lip gift set but of course there weren't any left on the shelf. I searched for an associate to help but no one was to be found. I settled on another gift set. Then I picked out two OPI nail polishes  online or select a similar product. Pitiful service. And how can they consistently be out of the same product over and over. Need new replenishment buyers that actually know what they're doing. I finally just went to Macy's to get the product and it's in stock - Imagine that!! And the people working there are helpful and courteous. I guess Ulta must not pay very much or just doesn't stress customer service." Jessica was so much help and really sweet a little disappointed the website told me they had the pb&j pallet in stock but I called the store and they're out everywhere :( "Leaking spa and controller out of control. These problems were diagnosed properly and I scheduled the repair which was completed properly and I now have a spa working like it should. The store also has everything you need with people to help you if you don't know what you need. I have replaced the cover  knowledgeable staff!  I love my new hot tub cover!"  quoted inaccurately for parts and be hung up on...talk to Bob the manager.  Do yourself a favor and find another parts dealer."  as the owner(s) seem well stocked. Avoid if you can source elsewhere.   Hope BOB finds another job NOT in customer service."  I basically ""gave up"" and decided to figure things out myself.  All the phone calls to the spa manufacture(s) got me no where and hundreds of dollars to countless repair folks  uniform experience.  While massage enthusiasts will no doubt decry Massage Envy like hamburger enthusiasts do for Mickey D's (and I don't blame them) Massage Envy is a great place for someone who has never had a massage before and wants to try it  this is a pretty awesome experience for $49 a month for your first massage and then $39 for any other massages you receive during that same month. They also have a family discount plan. If you need to use a different location  it won't be long until a better place comes along that offers quality massages at a cheaper price without the high-pressure sales environment." "I give the 2 stars because my therapist is the one that deserves the stars. I was very disappointed in the way my appointment was handled. I requested the apt online first and in that request I mentioned I had just ran a half marathon. They called to make the apt  but it was definitely a bit annoying since I had just spent 90 minutes trying to relax & clear my head." I would highly recommend Enrique for a massage.  Great technique.  Great membership prices and great walk-in schedule for those last minute needs." I felt like I should have been PAID to have been there instead of PAYING for the service it was THAT tortuous!!!!" I love Massage Envy!  I would NEVER be able to afford a massage every 3 weeks if the prices were not so reasonable. I've been a member since Massage Envy opened and I get an hour massage every 3 weeks with my therapist Steven. I am a fan!  I love deep tissue and he works out all the knots and pains in my back because I work on a computer all day.  I would recommend Steven to anyone that wants a great deep tissue massage!  and I keep coming back. I love how comfortable I feel and of course the massages are great. The front of the house staff is always very friendly and I often see them cleaning when they have down time. I see Janet regularly and she is the best. I have seen other massage therapists when she is off or booked and I have never had a bad experience. Check them out!"  the desk attendant asks you want you need and so does your therapist. I don't object to this but I do object to it taking away from your appointment time. I have been to many spas where you are told to arrive 15 minutes early to check in and speak with your therapist. They should use this method here so customers don't feel they need to purchase 1 1/2 hour messages to get a good massage." "Worst customer service I've ever had. I would never go here again  let me clarify that I have never had a bad massage here with anyone; they have always been good. Daniel is just extremely good at what he does! I hear more and more people request him and he's the reason I keep my membership. You won't be disappointed!" I have always had a good experience at this Massage Envy. I get in on time and never feel rushed to get out. I would recommend this location."  was absolutely awesome! She didn't talk my ear off or cut my time short. She dug into my knots with the perfect pressure and made sure I was comfortable the entire time. I'm pleasantly surprised by my experience today after a series of awful ones just a few miles away. Thank you to all the staff at the Thunderbird location! I'll be back soon!"  nice and efficient. I've had several therapists and they've all been really good. I would definately suggest the hot stone therapy!!" I was in a major car accident a fee years ago and I have been having some discomfort with my and back Liz is awesome she did a great job with reliving my neck stiffness. The Memberships they offer are very reasonable. I'm looking forward to seeing her again. "I was very disappointed to have had my massage cancelled on me last minute. I had scheduled a prenatal massage a week before. I received a call 2 hours prior to scheduled massage notifying me that the massage therapist that was scheduled for me does not do prenatal massages. As a pregnant woman in my 6th month I was devastated!! I will never schedule here again!!! They are very unorganized and do not know how to run a business. Also  and she gave a great deep tissue massage. She focused on my knot/pulled area and still gave a great all over body massage as well. I was very sore the next day...but the day after started to feel much better. Bravo! I'll be back!"  she could guess what certain medical problems I had without me having to say anything. She was so knowledgable and professional. I really felt like she knew what she was talking about. I highly recommend her!! I even scheduled a follow up appointment in 2 weeks because I like her so much. She was great at applying pressure to parts I can never get. My back feels so much better- I feel like my posture looks better even!"  it's a massage envy so don't come expecting four seasons spa experience. The front desk staff is always different every time I go in but they are courteous and pleasant. The only reason I give it 3 stars is because it's nothing spectacular other than Enrique! Get a massage with him for sure!" I had a bunch of massages built up because I didn't want to chance it on a new therapist.  I totally lucked out today and will definitely be back soon!!" I had a massage with Giva at the Paradise Valley location today and what a pleasant experience. She is very caring and listens to all your needs. I will definitely come back to her. Thank you  which is false advertising and is slowly pushing me to stop going here. If I check in somewhere like today and  am offered a complimentary add-on Steven did my massage a few weeks ago and he was superb!  I would highly recommend him to anyone. He could tell I wasn't in the mood to chat and commenced massaging. I felt a world better afterwards. I hope to return again in the near future.  relaxing experience. My husband and I went to use a gift card we have held onto for 4 years. The only thing I am disappointed in is waiting that long to use it. Ronnie did a great job and could tell I was looking for a relaxing experience and did not want to chat. Friendly staff. Can't wait to go back!" Usually I am uncomfortable with a male masseuse and have been seeing the same person for 4 years. Steven made me feel like I was in heaven for an hour. I definitely recommend him. The lady at the front was super nice and everyone was very professional. I will be a return client because of the amazing experience! I hope this time a real manager will call me back so disappointed and upset with them. You pay the money and won't get the service stay away from being a member with them!!!!!"  we were never called back for confirmation and when we showed up they were not apologetic nor did they try to accommodate us. Actually don't really think they wanted us there. This is the reason I like to go to REAL spas and not a strip mall pit stop. I agree with other yelpers their customer service is the worst I have experienced."  executing the perfect amount of pressure through excellent communication skills. He has helped me recover from multiple back injuries. I highly recommend Frank and the PV location. Everyone is kind and friendly at the desk as well." "My service was fine i told the therapist my concerns she ignored them and continued her job. the customer service was terrible. It was my first time and i paid on card and left a $14 cash tip which the owner and also 3 other front desk agents saw- the owner or manager took the cash put it  in the draw and said ""$14 cash for Cindy"". My appointment was at 4 JYRp5gBs04z683JoO8ANOw  you should treat yourself to regular visits at your closest Massage Envy.  Well worth it.  Your body will thank you.  There are many many massage therapists that are excellent here.  Great staff!  Thank you!"  I took whoever was free at the time and that happened to be Ronnie. I was VERY lucky for this twist in fate. Ronnie gave me the most amazing hot stone massage. The pressure was perfect all the way through and his communication was on point. He was extremely professional  and excellent energy. He has a great ability to hold space for people and has great boundaries. His work is top notch and he is continuing his education. I look forward to seeing him next week."  I wasn't in any hurry. This young man Sean was the one stylist who totally impressed me. That was 3 weeks ago and i am very happy with my hair and very pleased with my new stylist ""Sean"".  Sean listens and asks questions.  Sean They are pretty detailed with his haircuts and take their time and the last 2 stylists have kids his age so they were able to relate to cartoons and superheros and they just jabbered away."  I visited this particular salon which is under new management.  This is one of the nicer Supercuts salons.  Tyler is a real gem and does an amazing job of listening to exactly what I want and making it happen. Everyone is very friendly and genuine about welcoming clients. I knew all the stylist names before I left.   This is my new salon!" I used to come here a couple years ago and always loved their cuts. I've been back twice in the last month and both times my hair was of less quality. It felt as they were just rushing to get to the next client and appeared to lack the necessary training to properly cut hair. I will not be returning again. 