"My husband and I stayed here for a weekend getaway. What a neat place! It's a european style hotel (read very nice but smaller rooms). It used to be a monestary back in the day. Built around the turn of the century The tv was very small and the water pressure was weak  beautiful hotel in a convenient part of the city.  We found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating  get grumpy old man out of a customer-facing role." the hotel itself is really beautiful... the room was large.. i believe we had a king bed. there did seem to be mold? on the ceiling.. which we told them about just giving them a heads up and they said it was something else.. okay... water damage and then black stuff around it.. not mold ? the neighborhood is kinda sketch. i don't think it is worth the 200 and some dollars we paid for a night. ouch. the location is pretty nice.. not too far from much.. about a 5 min drive to downtown If you're looking for a charming boutique hotel and you're not afraid of being on the North Side We would absolutely recommend The Priory!" This is your place for one unique stay Breakfast was ""eh"".  It was free-- small stations of some fruit Each room is pretty unique and always well appointed and very clean. The staff are friendly and helpful with whatever you might need and it's an easy drive to most of the attractions around town." The Prioriy is super unique but still feels very quiet and church like...in a good way!" You get yelled at for bringing your own alcohol onto the property. Yeah  and fresh fruit. The kind gentleman who works in the kitchen tends to the breakfast buffet even went in the back and found us some water crackers for the Brie Overall I could not recommend this more. The only ""negative"" is the area where it is doesn't have many other fun places - but they ARE a short drive away."  & i hated walking by it bc people would hang out outside. They do have a free shuttle! They have excellent customer service besides Matt or something. He was grumpy. Our driver Hank or something was amazing! Soo sweet. We even sent my chocolates from Hawaii to thank him. The room was good size. Bed frame was metal so it was outdated a little. Our tub wouldn't drain like it was a bit clogged. Free breakfast buffet. I loved the Steeler fans we met there. It was our first time in Pittsburgh and we had a blast!"  and pasteries were served and it was delicious. We both truly enjoyed our stay and if we ever visit Pittsburgh again Great european style boutique hotel.  You can not beat this hotel for the money! "This is a nice historic euro style hotel in the middle of the city. An old Catholic Church converted into a hotel. The rooms are small but well appointed. A very small bar opened only from 5 PM to 10Pm. The breakfast buffet was acceptable. Very near several eateries and pubs  and the two slobs at the front desk need to be in the back with their people skills.  Nice hotel but make sure you take some warm bodies with you because the ""people"" at the priory are cold "I was very specific when I made my reservations several months ago. I needed a non-entrance level room away from noise. We were given a room right off of the hotel Foyer. It is mid-night and a party rages just outside my door even though I have called the front desk asking for their assistance. Right now I would prefer to be in a Motel6.  This room was relatively not cheap  but I really enjoy attending weddings here."  not a bad place at all but nowhere I'd miss if I stayed elsewhere." Having said all this we would stay here again.  The hotel staff was very nice and we loved the atmosphere of the hotel." "booked through a third party site and they tried to stick us in a queen room even though they had plenty of kings available. definitely gave attitude about it but ""upgraded"" anyway. he wanted to charge me the difference but I refused. just bad service overall. no one to help with bags morning or night. even the day front desk person was short with us and rude. I couldn't wait to get out of there. the room was clean and charming. the area is definitely rough. I wouldn't stay here again."  and it was gorgeous!! Everything was nicely done. The decor was beautiful. As far as I know from the bride and groom  the girl who answered gave us an attitude and said you should have asked for it.  Then refused to call M&P to talk to the manager.  She just said to pay the full bill and we can work it out when we get back to the hotel.  We gave the manager our phone and he was yelled at as well about this.  He took our word that the Priory would deliver it to him the next day and he deducted the $50 from our bill.  It was embarrassing and it wasn't the issue with the money  The Priory was my top choice in that it was relatively reasonably priced and offered shuttle service free of charge to from the game.  In spite of the hotel being located in the less-than-revered North Side of the city  the neighborhood  was sketchy. It appeared to be ""up and coming""perhaps a return trip is in order. It was a good value for the price." The hotel...great big nice rooms and friendly staff." Location is very central."  found an interesting new spot and a really cool building I'd love to explore more of. Everyone should try Monk's bar and get out of your comfort zone." I will be back for sure." Attended a wedding here and was blown away by its beauty and service. I would consider having a wedding reception here. The steak was one of the best reception dishes I've ever had.  private townhouse to find 6 red roses on the dining table and a note - a gift from those fellows who witnessed my grief and hoping to cheer me Good reasonably priced boutique hotel within walking distance of downtown Pittsburgh. Great friendly staff. Excellent continental breakfast included with room. A former religious institution the ghosts of monks are said to stroll the hallways in the wee hours of the morning. My single bed room was small but comfortable (Rm. 106). Parking for guests with cars next to bldg. in a gated lot. Highly recommended. Everything is good expect the housekeeping. I just checked out for 1.5 hours and came back for my lost clothes but my sweater has already gone. My skirt and sweater was stayed together in the closet but just found the skirt finally. So disappointed with the housekeeping! Wonderful hotel! I just love the history of the hotel and the grand hall! The staff are very friendly and they do everything they could possibly do to accommodate you. I love the rooms and the high ceilings! I will go again! I highly recommend it!!  good breakfast (although some non-meat protein options would be helpful). Staff was very friendly and helpful. The shuttle was great but downtown was walking distance!"  my daughter and I fell in love with this hotel! It is historic and the old pictures and blueprints line the hallways. The small courtyard outside is the perfect place to enjoy the free breakfast! The staff is super friendly and willing to go out of their way to help and recommend local gems! The small bar  but the short version of our review is that we won't go back!  The staff was not friendly - especially the bartender who preferred to watch his cartoon show and glower at the guests who dared to interrupt his TV - and the driver who loudly complained about the challenge of all the limo requests made of him.  The worst however was the room itself (124) - odd stains in the tub that inhibited its use That's probably sufficient gushing."  so either pack light if you want a room on the 3rd floor or choose a 1st or 2nd floor room. The 1st floor room has double doors so I didn't find it any noisier than the others. You are in a city and on a reasonably busy street I've gone to various teas so I feel I can give a good comparison.  Not impressed at all!  Will not go back there  and julienned spinach on top served on a piece of French bread. I wanted more. The second plate had fresh fruit and two scones- citrus and vanilla cream. Both were delicious but small in size. The final plate had a brownie  total mom place fo sho!  But I also love it for myself too!  Or for a bridal shower... If I could do another one (since I'm married I don't think that's proper).  But it's a great place High Tea is definitely worth the experience at The Inn on Negley!  I'd love to go back and stay in a room for a little close to home treat some day."  and it was everything we hoped it would be! The overall experience put us in a festive mood and we look forward to going back again in the future! The service was outstanding "This place is adorable and quaint. It's a former house turned into a bed and breakfast plus a restaurant. I had brunch here. The staff was clearly very well trained and put a lot of effort into the details rUQfZOengMpXFkLvJrNJ3g I had afternoon tea here and I find the scones unique because of the fruit used in scones. Service was good as well and a fair selection of teas. I would def be back when I'm in Pittsburgh! They have a beautiful back patio and a station with coffee and tea out all the time. So I've spent a few afternoons enjoying that. All the staff has been very gracious to us." What a lovely spot for afternoon tea and I look forward to returning again to Pittsburgh - may want to stay there next time!"  coffee or juice. The tea list is extensive and I recommend the mint chocolate-tastes just like the ice cream.  On our last trip we started with a small bowl of fruit followed by the pastry selections-these are always fresh and made in house.  This time it was lemon poppy seed bread and cranberry muffins. They were both absolutely scrumptious and I was wanting more as you only get a small sample.  Next up we got to pick our entre-they don't have a menu and usually have 4 choices and then eggs any style. I went with the goat cheese I bought my host a gift certificate for brunch in thanks just so he could share in how fabulous the treatment is. I'd return in a heartbeat."  that's definitely next on my list!" First time having Afternoon tea time in the States. This place is very beautifully decorated. We had the Earl Grey and peach ginger tea. They were really good and the tea stand was AMAZING  etc to choose from. Each morning breakfast began with a cup of fresh cut up fruit and a freshly baked pastry. The service was perfect with the proper amount of attention without being too invasive. The staff was one of the most polite and courteous I've ever encountered. Thank you so much for making our stay perfect. I hope to visit again some day."  juices. We were then brought a fruit cup and a small plate of muffins bread. The morning glory bread was full of good for you stuff and resembled a zuchini bread. The banana choc chip mini muffins were so yummy! We were then read the menu of the day which consisted of a french toast topped with berries and granola or an egg dish with veggies. We were also informed that we could request eggs any way we liked them with toast and breakfast meat. I went with the French toast and a side of bacon. The main course took a little longer than expected but "FIVE STARS!!!! Let me start with the amazing duo of Cindy (coordinator) and Liz (owner) who both made this luncheon tea an occasion to remember. I wanted a Downton Abbey type of tea party I definitely recommend it!"  tidy and clean. The back patio was a nice place to sit and enjoy a cup of tea. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. I took so many pictures because every corner of the B&B was picturesque." We came here just for the high tea. It was reasonably priced and everything was delicious! The mint chocolate tea was out of this world. We will definitely be back. The only thing that I think could have been better was the service. They could have been a little bit more attentive for refills of hot water or anything else we may have needed throughout the seating.  so please don't let the price deter you from going here because it is worth the price to experience a real high tea in such a lovely setting.  I will definitely be back and would highly recommend going to the Inn on Negley for high tea if you are looking for a unique and delicious experience that you cannot find everywhere." We both got a kick out of the electronic gate to get in and out too!"  but I found that the rest of the amenities and comforts of this place make me not care or even need those things.  They call this place a ""bed and breakfast"" but it is the nicest  but the price coupled with the lack of amenities would make me look elsewhere." This would be a great place for a party!" "Great experience.  The location in between shadyside and squirrel hill is hard to beat for the money.  Beautiful mansion and grounds I have a class reunion to go to next year and hopefully once the details are complete  and gourmet grilled cheese). Did not stay the night but toured the rooms. Classy and sophisticated meets relaxed and totally Un-stuffy."  comparable price for the amenity they have. The location provides serenity that is hard to find in Shadyside. You won't be sorry. Will be back." "People who are booking weddings here need to know that the owner is in defiance of the law and court orders in holding these events  although the ""head waiter"" at our event was rude to my husband and I- we were mingling with guests as we were making our way into the tent for dinner and he approached me and said in a snarky voice This crew may mean well but they really don't have a clue about operating a good B & B.  I would never return and would never recommend it to anyone." Said place was beautiful but could use a little TLC.  Said room was nice so that is good!"  the feeders outside on the trees welcome lots of squirrels and birds "My sister and I stayed here for the first time and I will definitely be coming again. Robin is great and such a sweet lady:) the home is beautiful and clean "While moving to Charlotte I stayed here a couple of nights to get are perspective of a more residential area.  It is an old house on Morehead in Dilworth that was converted to a bed & breakfast.  The interior is definitely what you would expect of a B&B - I felt like I was at my great grandmother's house.  I was slightly creeped out because I stayed there during the week and was one of two people there.  Kind of like the Shining.  Anyway This place is so relaxing and quiet. The staff is very nice and accommodating. The grounds are very beautiful and I was able to walk to a nearby shopping center without any issue. I am staying in a room that has a balcony and a swing - so relaxing. Very nice B&B. Fits well into the southern hospitality feel of Charlotte.  but it is understandable since it is an old house.  I wouldn't want them to change that anyways.  I wasn't able to explore more in the Inn Gorgeous- immaculate historic estate- very spacious stay in the Mt Vernon room. Wonderful breakfast- great friendly staff!  so we wanted to try a B&B to get away from the expensive chains. The Inn is an adorable home in a residential area of Charlotte. We stayed in the Solarium and I would highly recommend it. The room was decorated like Blanche's home from the Golden Girls and the some of the furniture may have been falling apart Plenty of room for improvement"  and mother in law to celebrate Mother's Day. Had a good experience a few years ago and thought to try it again. What a mistake! Had a 1:30 seating for brunch.   First they bring us to a table with a dirty table cloth apparently left unchanged from the previous diners. Second My husband and I stayed here as a weekend get away to Charlotte. When we showed up to check in there was an event in progress downstairs and in order to get up to our room we had to take a back staircase. The bed was not very comfortable and I thought the bed was going to fall to the floor every time he moved. Breakfast was good but I wouldn't say on par for some of the other B&B's that we stayed at. The power surged the whole time through out the night so the lights got brighter and dimmer. In the morning (a Saturday) they began setting up for another event directly below us around 7:00 and at 8:30 began playing the piano. We wouldn't have been able to sleep in even if we wanted to. We did not have a very restful or quiet stay.  The worst part was the water in the shower never got hot. There is nothing worse than a lukewarm shower. "Very charming bed and breakfast with a nice spread in the morning.  The house is well kept and the house cat is very friendly.  Be prepared for old house creeks if you're a light sleeper.  I've stayed here many times.  The location is in a nice residential area but not close to walking distance to pubs and restaurants. The rooms are comfortable but the TV is not close to the bed to watch and is very tiny at least in the room I was in.  The wifi works well and for the price I may keep staying here.  I travel for business and typically book things well in advance but do not plan on paying for it until closer to the date "I have no idea why no one has reviewed this awesome B&B but i'm excited to be the first...perhaps no one wants to let anyone in on the secret...and i thought about not writing the review for that same reason but i have to share this one with my fellow yelpsters. I wanted to celebrate the wife's bday with a quick getaway but didn't want to stay in the usual hotel. so i popped ""lgbt friendly B&Bs"" into google and this place came up. they had a few rooms to choose from but of course the one with the hot tub in the room caught my eye first. i emailed them through the website and the owner Craig got back to me quickly. I reserved the room and then just had to wait until the day arrived. Even though we were arriving earlier than the 3PM check in  a nice retreat with caring owners. Not uptight and very kid friendly. Good for a family gathering. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is if you are completely uptight about absolute decorating perfection My fiance and I are planning another trip in the spring and we'll be sure to stay with them again.  I could't recommend this place enough."  it was a pleasant stay and we would recommend it to our friends who would consider b&b in madison. Four stars only because my ideal B&B would  be on a farm  definitely look up & consider The Parsonage."  and sausage links.  He was very accomodating and asked us the night before if there were any allergies or food issues that he needed to know about.  The price was very affordable "Loved staying here.  We were going up to Madison for the day and found this place through a quick Google search of Madison-area B&B's.  Craig (the owner) was so helpful and friendly when I called to inquire about prices and availability.  He was also awesome and asked about our dietary preferences (I'm a vegetarian who's also temporarily gluten-free  so we spent plenty of time on his newly renovated screened-in porch listening to music while we sipped coffee and rubbed Coriander's belly."  which was great btw)  I called Craig at the B&B at 6:18 pm and explained the situation.  He told me that he would charge us for half of the room rate ($200 night) due to costs he incurred in the 3 hours since I booked  and he made us a lovely breakfast. We felt welcomed and comfortable. This was the best B&B experience we have had. We truly felt at home. Even Craig's dog Coriander (who we asked to meet) made us feel like family. We will definitely return the next time we are in Madison." Check out their web site at speckledheninn.com"  vegan meal! The grounds are lovely ... there are lambs and llamas (no joke!) ... one has use of a mini kitchen and a nice little guest hangout area  with snacks. Our room was a very good size and it was neat and clean. We had a tv and dvd player with movies to choose from. I also noticed how nice and quiet it was. 4 of the 5 rooms were filled while we were there and yet it was always very quiet in our room. The breakfast was wonderful! The owners are very good cooks and served us 2-3 courses for breakfast. Some of the food we ate  properly named ""Happy"".  There are also a handful of amazing cats on the property that will gladly accompany you for a stroll on the property.  It's nice to hear that the B&B is also pretty sustainable.  All the food they make is pretty much from their farm/garden (fresh eggs  a wonderful way to start the day.  The only reason I give 4 and not 5 stars is that it is somewhat close to the highway I should have left this review back in November when I stayed here with my parents - every time I look through our vacation photos I think about how much fun I had showing them Madison... and how we enjoyed where we stayed just as much.  Pat and Bob and Happy (their dog) were wonderful and their food was amazing.  They make many of the ingredients on their property (fresh maple syrup anyone?).  Would go back in a heartbeat.  I would strongly consider staying there again for a weekend getaway."  my room was extremely comfy and cozy and quiet.  Breakfast is served in your time and is one of my favorite parts of the stay.  Every morning its something new and exciting and Delicious!!!  The Inn Keepers and warm and friendly and the conversation was never dull.  I will stay here whenever I'm in Madison.  The price and the service go way beyond the cost of any hotel I've stayed in...  This place is a real find.  There are also hiking trails They do also have snacks in the lounge area for you to enjoy at anytime. There are sodas in the fridge and sometimes fresh baked cookies!"  for such a relaxing time and creating some wonderful memories!!!" FrT0OQFkUZBtfoW3V1Wpfw Fresh eggs from the hen are great take home item!" Thanks to Pat and Bob...your doing a wonderful job...keep it up!" I will be recommending this Inn to anyone who is traveling to or through Madison!"  and a wine cellar if you want to purchase inexpensive (but yummy) wine. The rooms are all huge with large bathrooms with jacuzzis. We've stayed in the Token Creek and Starkweather rooms - both are beautiful and we love the gas fireplaces to keep us cozy and warm. The location is perfect if you want to get away from the college kids. Its about a 15 minute drive outside of Madison  baked tomato with pesto. Absolutely fabulous!  Bob and Pat are two of the greatest people I have met and we highly recommend this B&B to anyone. Wonderful setting If you're looking for a place to stay in Madison  sheep and lama. The breakfast absolutely blew us away (we had to skip lunch ;) ). It was very delicious and made with ingredients grown on the farm. They also have delicious scones and cookies in the main room when you walk in  with warmth and character in the decor. The landscape itself is gorgeous and worth the time to enjoy some of the sitting areas to soak in the view. Although our expectations for breakfast were high  and seasoned potato squares; finishing up with a grape/cranberry gelato/ice. The presentation of the meal is very beautiful and luxurious feeling. I would certainly recommend this B&B I can't say enough about this place and I look forward to coming back again."  staying at the Speckled Hen is relaxing and worry free - truly a home away from home." 