 you are probably a terrorist." **Note - most of their customers have no idea how to park in said parking lot."  but it's small and everyone parks crookedly So that is why I choose Pistella's when I am sent out on beer run: because there are cool dudes working there who will help me not come home with a case of Jacob's Best. (Nor does anyone give me crap for not understanding beer - I like that!)"  and has friendly staff. It is a little unfortunate that the only cases that are kept in the cooler are the less exotic beers I had to buy it though cause it was sunday at 4:30 and all the stores close at 5 so i had no choice. I should have waited but i drove all the way here to get it so I should just buy it while i'm there. Aside from the money issue this place was just ok to me." Best Bloomfield Friendship Shadyside area distributor so far." "We are fans of Pistella Beer Distributors simply because we needed beer one night while visiting some friends and family in Pittsburgh and they happened to be on the way to something we were doing.  It's a hole in the wall kind of facade but they do have a good selection.  I don't remember the price being that expensive but looking at the average review so far...it shows $$$$.  I'm sure they have some nice stuff This is my go-to distributer. They have a great selection and lots of hard to find brews. I haven't noticed that it's any more expensive than going elsewhere but honestly if I don't buy here then I'm buying six packs which as we all know are a huuugggge rip off. So any time I have a case of something I love I feel like I'm getting a bargain. The cold selection does suck so I try to plan ahead and have what I need already cold. Staff here are all very helpful- and will have recommendations if you ask.  I typically have been stopping right at the front to buy the discounted brew that's usually out of season. You can't beat buying a case for $12.99. I'll continue to go here for my beer needs until I leave the city."  and it's on time.  I've also been to the store itself many times  so don't expect the red carpet. Just good beer with good service." Love this beer distributor.  They always have what I'm looking for. The workers are extremely nice and always willing to help. Best one I've seen by far.  we walked in and went up to the counter with our beer. The guy looked at us for a second then continued doing whatever he was doing behind the glass. I'm not sure what. We were not acknowledged at all and we waited some more. We finally had to ask if we could pay for our beer. He looked up from what he was doing and said ""Ummm Being from Illinois and in town to attend a Steelers game we needed beer.  Found out grocery stores only sell basically a 12 pack per person visit. Nothing like Illinois where the sky's the limit. So after that education we ended up here.  Good selection of beer when you need more quantities that 2 six packs.  We stocked up on IC light and was reasonably priced.  Friendly service.  Only con is parking is scarce but that seems to be par for the course in Pittsburgh.  I would visit again if in the area. "Pistella's is a cool little beer distributor!  There isn't much parking nearby. My favorite thing about them is that they often have a good selection of marked down beer in the front of the store  the selection of deeply discounted seasonal and specialty beers (as in the $7 twelve-packs and $11 cases) is unparalleled! There is literally no reason to buy your beer anywhere else  but non members can attend their German festivals. This place is by far the most ""authentic"" German club in the area and the food is mostly good. The beer selection is great and the prices for everything are reasonable. If you like German food or have a connection to Germany Private Club - good German fair when serving. Like the place and am a member. What a great time this place was! I've never had so much fun being 1 4 German in all my life. If you have a chance to visit  even the neighborhood won't look as dodgy as it looks right now."  and red cabbage...mmmmm! I can't wait to go back and try some other dishes. My only complaint is that the beers were a little small." "This place is great.  The beer is good I had always been curious about this place and was glad to have been invited to brunch.  The outside of the building is very unique and looks European as does the inside.  If you get a chance to visit "I love this place.  The lunch buffet is incredible and a great value.  Our whole family has enjoyed the Oktoberfest events  he invited us into his shop and stock area and we talked for quite a while before departing with some real good beer.  Sam Caruso has a story for almost every occasion and  the beer to match each occasion. A real Pittsburgh place."  from cheep crap to really really good stuff. If you don't see it he will try to get it in. You can go and just hang if you want as well. Dogs welcome. Family owned since 1930 and Sam has been there for 40 years. Do yourself a favor and stop by." "If you're looking for a wide array of malt liquor and or ice beer Caruso's is the place for you. Aside from their vast selection of high alcohol drinks they have a pretty decent selection of unique beers and all of the standards you would hope to find at a distributor. The prices are good  but he seems to be a few dollars cheaper than the place on North Federal St. Sam offers to order anything he doesn't have on hand  there's another big reason not to go to Caruso's: Their prices are steep--$24 for a case of Yuengling. While Sam might be a more charming character than the young folks at my neighborhood distributor Pistella's The owner is an amazing guy. The place isn't open all week but the beer is super cheap which is an excellent fine. zq--BGVHu7_fb1VHEwg2ow  so give him a call if you want something special or have questions about the hours.  He's a total delight."  you know what I mean! They also carry snacks."  no foul and lesson learned.  And I just would have asked them to order me a case straight out and would have returned for more cases to be orderd in the future.  But because of that reaction cRv7pLvIe3eI0efndQBcLg Best beer distributor around everything you need is here. Very convenient location. Owner is the nicest most knowledgable guy around. Best employees best prices can't say enough good things some distribs will give you attitude when you ask for something they don't have ."  Stiegl Radler! The guys that work here are great too. If you need beer and are in the area The saving grace is likely for individual sales. From the times I've had go to the store to pick up our ""deliveries"" (ie. nearly every time)  but will usually have beers that not many other distributors carry.  Can't say I've ever had a problem with customer service either.  It's my first choice when I need a case Come here instead of D's if you need to buy cases of beer. They're cheaper than D's and everything is easy to find. Thanks to the peeps at D's for the referral.  but the staff usually give the bare minimum of help and sometimes don't acknowledge that they have customers in the store. If you are in the area or looking for something special they are great  but this store always has what I come in looking for (usually ciders).  It looks a little bit like a warehouse but that's what you get when there are cases of beer everywhere. The staff is very friendly and always offer to help carry your purchases out.  Prices are ok WxN-aV_puFazt3UGNLlw0A  parking is horrible.  Especially on that stretch of South Braddock.  Stay away during the evening rush.  Everyone seems to be trying to get out of the city and think that taking this route to bypass the tunnels will alleviate their time.  Also  I have to say that McBroom is a place I would shop at no matter what state it was located in. Their beer selection (especially hard-to-find craft beer) is better than most retailers. I own a kegerator and was looking for a place to stock up after my move here. Luckily All i did was walk next to it. It looked nice. I took a pic of the parking sign   convenient place to pick up a case. The prices are affordable and the staff are friendly and helpful. The selection is also pretty decent."  but the staff and owner seemed indifferent to customers.   I expected to pay more for my beer at Crouse's b c its in Mt. Lebanon They have a nice selection and the staff is super friendly.  I'd go out of my way to come here simply for their great customer service!  helpful personable employees. I didn't even have to lift my case of beer :)"  leaving us with contact info and the assurance that we could call any time we needed help along the way. While I can't really speak to the fairness of the prices My boyfriend enjoys brewing his own beer and the guys here are wonderful. They always have the supplies and if they don't they can recommend places to get them! Everyone is always very nice and knowledgeable! I stumbled into their Country Wines location in the North Hills and found out something that you might find useful- that location has a bigger bottle selection  we kinda looked around and found bulk size items and nothing that we really needed. It was the first time we've been to this location and I don't think there was any advertisement of offering specific amounts of grains I'd eat there again if I needed a laugh." Pretty girl who can't do much..serving you bad food!" "As a dive bar this might work... as a restaurant it is a total loss. The food is far below pub grub standards and their audacity to claim ""The Best Burger in Charlotte"" is simply ridiculous. The service and food quality are non-existent. This place only exists because of its prime downtown location."  and value for the food.  I have been going there since 1995 and though it has changed hands  talk to the new owner- she is also from Michigan and said she bought the place a while ago. I'm sure she is the reason Phil's is turning around! Since I am new to Charlotte I have only experienced the really  this place has new ownership and is pretty damn good." came in here and sat at the bar only because they had open spots during panthers playoff weekend.   Never thought i would be doing panther shots in a deli.  But it served its purpose.  We didnt eat but bartenders were nice enough.  Drinks are a little pricey for plastic cups. "This was stop #4 on our night uptown downtown.  I paid $8 for small plastic cups of John Daly which is ridiculous.  However A solid lunch choice."  try the Buffalo shrimp! I've had the burgers as well and they are fantastic! I have heard the Reuben is outstanding as well. Definitely a great little neighborhood bar that you cannot find anywhere else in the uptown area." "Used to stop by on the way to the epicentre for the best djs in Charlotte. Awful music now.. Beer in plastic cups was always gross  don't be scared - there's a pretty nice beer selection as well.  For only 4 refrigerators they fit a lot of options inside." My favorite aspect though has to be the almost monthly wine dinners that the shop puts on in conjunction with some of the best restaurants in the Charlotte area. They are always extremely reasonable in price "Surprising find by some good friends. This wine bar had a great patio to hang out and drink wine. They also had a pretty great selection. The selection was more randomly broad  outdoor patio(where you can bring you dog).  All of this right by the lake.  These guys also schedule tastings and pairings at some local restaurants.  Ranging from (25-80)ish per person It's worth a drive from anywhere in the Charlotte area to see what the UCB has been keeping to itself. This place is equally impressive for the intimate conversation of a first date  take your dog and enjoy an adult beverage next to the lake." "Great place for a pre-dinner or post-dinner glass of wine.  Nice relaxing patio right by the lake.  Wine and beer. A few snacks I'll definitely give it another chance sometime. Hopefully they'll work on their snacks and cheeses! It wouldn't be too hard!" I have to admit that this place doesn't come to mind too much during the winter; but every summer the Wine Vault manages to stay on my ever-changing list of places that I want to be."  but even without a kitchen they need to put together some kind of nosh plates and simple edibles to go with their wine and beer selection.  Duh." Great wine list price not to bad either... Come during the evening enjoy a nice brezze off the pond while you sit outside and people watch... **Something I'd like to see wine vault do:  set up easy recycling" DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE... DRINK then DRIVE.. (SOBER)" "I've been going here for years (college and after) ! i love the atmosphere and the location.  Most of the staff I've encounter are overall friendly expect for the manager-a RACIST! I think here name is Lisa (unless they have more than 1 manager) Other than that...great place for conversations We'll be regulars after moving to Charlotte!"  food options and the selection is over priced. I've experienced rude workers from time to time. If there staff was a little bit more kind and their prices weren't so high  I bought some crackers and cheese from inside. After about 30 minutes they asked us to leave the tables and sit elsewhere because ALL of their tables were reserved for people drinking. They were very rude about it. This will not drive me away from coming here The staff is friendly and seem to know their stuff. I am a little disappointed in the by-the-glass menu. I visited in May and again in September and nothing had changed. Pretty disappointing in that regard."  went here earlier in the summer and tried it again a few weeks ago . They have a wide selection of wines and the employees are happy to assist in helping you chose a wine. There isn't a ton of seating that's the only drawback at least inside there isn't but other than that a nice chill spot to hang out." "Hands down the best way to improve mental health:  a glass of wine at the Wine Vault.  They are always pouring something tasty by the glass so you don't have to be ready to commit to a bottle.  Sometimes it can get pretty crowded on the patio especially at the end of the week in summer  and patio in Charlotte!!!" A nice and friendly place to sit outside and drink. Always a good time. Excellent set up for any weather situation. They tend to have live music on Fridays and Saturdays. The Wine Vault sells local beers an wine ice cold available for purchase by the glass and bottle. Very knowledgeable staff and chill atmosphere. Dog and kid friendly as well.  fellowship and live music. I don't venture too far away from my living area due to the great ambience and experience of the Wine Vault. Having great & late night food options a few steps away is a added benefit as well." Tip: wed 7pm tastings.." Love this place! Huge beer and wine selection and well priced. Location is great by a cute pond and live music is regularly there during warmer weather. My favorite thing here by far is that they are dog friendly inside and out Great selection of beers and wines.  Fridays and Saturdays with live music.  Wonderful atmosphere! The inside (especially the furniture and bathrooms) could use an update upgrade. But maybe the little bit of ""grunge"" is part of the appeal for some!" I love finding places that will be added to your rotation of favorite spots. Tucked away in a shopping center near UNCC is the Wine Vault. Sit outside and people watch or brig your pup (there were some inside when I visited) and split a bottle of wine (responsibly of course) with some friends. The glasses we sampled were $7-8 and were a proper pour. If you are in the University area this is the best spot to grab a glass or two of wine  in a non-chain hotel bar.  fantastic prices. You can easily get 3 great craft beers for less than $10. Go on the weekends  I almost didn't want to talk! Bring your laptop and a book to read over a glass of wine and you will have a great afternoon." "Great place and awesome ambience. My mom and I loved the wine. Only reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the female employee was rude to my family after we bought a bottle of wine. Let's be clear... If you work at a place "Stopped into The Wine Vault this past weekend for a ""Pictures w Santa"" pet-charity event and had a really good time.  The ambiance was cool and the wine shop was just precious! With lots of fine wines and a dining area + patio set up  as I do not live close at all. But it is worth coming down here in the spring and summer. Great wine selection. You will find any wine here. You can purchase a wine per glass that they have on the menu or you can pick a bottle Nice place with outdoor and indoor seating. Glasses of wine are priced well. But someone needs to talk to the wine tasting bartender. We go wine tasting frequently and their pour barely allows you to taste each offering. $5 for a few drops and you don't even get to keep the glass. Not open on Sundays!  Sometimes the Lord giveth.  And sometimes she taketh away..."  as well as wine.  I live in Dilworth near the interstate and it prob take me about 15 mins to get here.  This is the best spot around for people who want to get loaded and people who want to save a buck.  Bonus fireworks superstore in the same parking lot." "It wasn't that long ago the Frugal's was the only place you could find selection and value under the same roof.  New businesses have entered the marketplace and given them a run Plus I love that mural."  and is HUGE.  They have pretty much everything you can imagine.  And if you use your Debit Card or pay with Cash you get an even better discount.  Just picked up the new Whipped Cream Pinnacle Vodka that everyone has been raving about there.  They always have it in stock while its hard to find at other Alcohol retailers.  I also recommend the Cruzan Black Cherry Rum... it is awesome.  But if you haven't been to Frugals you are missing out.  It can be a load of fun." The liquor side of the store is a different story all together. Good prices Largest selection of specialty beers around.  However some beers like Yuengling black and tan can be found cheaper in grocery store and they charge a little surcharge if using credit rather than cash.  and Charlotte ABC stores have the worst selection in the southeastern US.  Enter Frugal MacDoogal.  You can't go wrong with this store--it has the beer wine and booze stores in the same building  Frugal's is called such because they offer a bevy of bevvies (and mixers and plenty of other fun boozy items) at a discount. Hi-five to Frugal's!" Frugal's has excellent service and a decent selection of beer and wine on one side of the store and a good selection of the stronger stuff in the spirits section.  The place gets packed on weekends and around holidays. 2-M1_ok4NZ-fSF6SbBsp1A  although you will really only save money if buying a lot of it.  Also while you're there... minus well get some gas while you're there. i know its at least 15 cents cheaper than Charlotte. (the next exit North)" Only con is parking. It's not the most convenient place to get to unless you know exactly where you're going. Compound that with a busy weekend or holiday and its bananas +1 for discounting cash  debit purchases!" "The Sam's of alcoholic beverages.... this place is ginormous!  Filled with any and every bottle of liquor or wine you'll ever want to see..... I was completely overwhelmed  it's really in the liquor department that this place shines."  definitely worth the trip!" Libations central. Kegs. Party necessities. Beer wine separate. Cash discounts.  everything in the store is slightly cheaper when you pay with cash or debit card. It's not a huge savings so if you only have a credit card  boxes and bags.... it's enough booze to get Lindsay Lohan through the weekend.  Although not as pretty as some of the NC ABC stores 2-M1_ok4NZ-fSF6SbBsp1A  etc. It really has everything.  Not as convenient as running out to an ABC store The prices on both sides were pretty good.  I really loved that they offered cash discounts.  I only wish this place was closer  limp existence that their collective lives seem to have become."  but MacDougal's has them beat. Better pricing if you pay with cash and neat glass and shot glass section. Everything you could imagine with tastings of various drinks while you shop. This will be my go to shop from now on."  I'd stop here.  Even if you're not close by it would be worth your time to make a trip" There is a discount for cash and debit purchases so don't forget to take advantage of that :-)"  the weekends can be a madhouse here and the parking lot gets tricky because of it's size.  Be patient." "I can't believe this was my first time here! The liquor side of the store is quite expansive. Its easily three times the size of your average ABC store. I'm still not 100% sold on the prices being low enough for the drive. The beer & wine side is nothing better  decent customer service. No complaints but it seemed just like any other big name beer wine store.." "Heaven. Especially if you're coming from North Carolina. They pretty much have everything that the ABC store doesn't. Some hard to find things and you can't beat the price. And PSSS: My teetotaler mother is probably spinning in her grave like a rotisserie chicken. Oh well  I would take the cash discount and go so far as compare prices with ABC stores. I'll just believe all the other reviews about pricing since it's just a fun place to shop." By far the biggest selection in town in one location. If they don't have it then ask and they will find it. One side is Beer and the other is Liquor. You can also find Wine here also. You can create your own six pack of Beer too. The staff is very friendly and helpful too. Personally I think SC should put Frugal MacDoogal down as a tourist attraction. If you live nearby There is nothing not to like! Frugal MacDoogal's is just on the other side of the state line. Prices are cheaper (cash prices are even better than credit) and the selection is great! Take the drive and fill up on booze (and gas while you are down here!). "Everyone around this area (I'm in south Charlotte) knows about Frugal MacDoogal - it's the place to go if you're going to buy a lot of alcohol or just want a good deal. If you pay cash or debit you get a bigger discount as well. They have 2 sides - beer and the other  and come out surprised at how much I have vs. spent. My dad's favorite bourbon is at least $15 cheaper here than it is at the ABC store and if you add it up counting Father's Day  and larger sizes than you can find in most of your neighborhood store. The proofs are also higher on some of your favorites as well! Most weekends there will be sampling going on in the store from one of the vendors. This allows you the chance to sample something you've never heard of before! It's fantastic for stocking up for large parties Tip: Bring Cash! They give you a better deal if you with with cash over a card."  I have been here a couple of times now. I don't mind taking the trip from NC came in handy during Fourth of July The cash discount doesn't seem to make much of a dent either. A thirty cent discount on a bottle of wine even times ten is only $3. I did not check to see if they have bulk discounts. There was a Growler filling station that was a great feature. The bathroom was pretty gross and poorly lit (bulb out). I get the impression that this place may be better for liquor sales. We have places like this all over New York and New Jersey It gets very busy on the weekends and before holidays." "RUDE customer service in beer section. The Frenchman in particular. Called me a liar when I said the beer was stale. It was an expensive craft beer. They need to check their dates and stop selling stale I would only come here if I have to buy a large order for a party. Other than that I'm better off with going to ABC or Total Wine and more."  filling in product and available for assistance. They always answer my questions and give me suggestions. Maybe I'm here too much  rare options and friendly staff. I don't normally go anywhere else."  but don't let them fool you. When they say they will fill any growler they don't mean it. I brought in a growler that I did not buy there and I was told no.  So if they will fill any growler but won't fill one I brought in (perfectly clean and in awesome condition btw)  very loud people were looking. Then we went to check out and I walked out of the place to pull the car around he refused to sell the alcohol to her and made her come get me. I normally don't leave bad reviews and I've been in this place several times but it was nothing but kids working and you could tell they didn't want to be there and I will never go back" The only reason we visited here was because it was a one stop shop and it was cool to say we went to SC on our most recent visit to Charlotte." 000 down to $1.00. They have taste testing sometimes on Fridays and Saturdays. The prices are just OK. They are not worth driving across town or going out of your way for certain purchases Went to the store asked a worker about a six pack he said let me get the beer guy left came back 4 min later with the radioed the guy and said I have a customer looking for something. I bought a six pack and several other items they boxed it up for me and my wife drove while I had the box in my lap. When I got home to put the six packs in the fridge 5 minutes after leaving the store one of the six packs started exploding. Every single can. I called and they said they wouldn't refund my money it was a 13$ six pack. Would not suggest this place to anyone. A few cents cheaper is not worth having to experience their terrible customer service or lack there of any customer service at all. Especially do not go here if you are a craft beer drinker. Their selections are usually faulty (our $15 6pack exploded upon leaving the store and they refused to exchange or refund) or they are stale. The spirits side is well organized and the workers are most of the time glad to help. I've ran across a few folks there that know what they are talking about but don't always expect to get good advice from the associates working. They have lots of gift packs and sales happening all the time. Whenever I'm around the border it's tough for me not to stop by and buy another bottle of Scotch for my collection."  it doesn't exist.  I was even startled to find the old 1960s style powdered drink mixes found in every home bar of the era. Frugal McDougal is one of the attractions I always take out of town visitors to for a fun few hours." The whole chain of Barriques around the Madison area are wonderful.  This one boasts a fireplace that my friend and I spent hours in front of trying to stay warm last weekend.  The staff was friendly and the atmosphere is cozy.  The extensive wine and liquor collection made me almost salivate. 5 stars. "i agree with kelly. the staff is really knowledgeable about their wines and i love the variety. the atmosphere is excellent. depending on when you go  free internet access and busy enough to not feel strange but slow enough that you can almost always get a seat. Also their wine tasting is a lot of fun and interesting when I want to play adult for a night. The only downfall is that the service can tend to be somewhat indifferent to you standing behind the counter. Overall a great place."  and there is simply no excuse for ignoring a customer in a coffee shop at 7:30 in the morning. The whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth."  but I'm just not sure about the atmosphere. Not that there's anything horrible to report  I'm staying in Madison for my coffees." I love the concept of a coffee shop wine & beer store in one. The tea selection was nice & the atmosphere quaint. The lattes were better than Starbucks (but really- is that saying much?)  despite 3 baristas working at the counter. I'd recommend not stopping here on your way to work  they have a good selection that is fun to browse through  and it is the ONLY coffee shop within a reasonable distance. I now drive 10 minutes out of my way to work to get coffee and breakfast because I refuse to give those people any of my money. Please stay away from this location - this warning comes from a girl who has NEVER written a bad review of any place! Boo Barriques! :("  I'm disappointed...not so with Barriques.  The iced coffee (listed as cold brewed for 12 hours) is delicious.  Dark and strong just as I prefer." Great place to chill...  always quiet and can get lots of work done... Pretty stoked that although salads are pre-made these guys dug out ingredients and made me one from scratch sans dairy. Mucho appreciated! "It doesn't match the layout of the other Barriques and the seating area is a little cramped and sparse.  Still serves the great coffee that I have come to know and love but unlike their other cafe's 1-EIdeHewfEVcpoZm38N8A  the fireplace and comfy chairs are very inviting. Coffee is always good and the Cowboy cookie is a round slice of ambrosia.  Huge wine selection and wine accessories are also a draw."  then gives you access to reliable wifi and leaves you alone for five hours is good in my book." To sum up: Five-stared." Oregon Pinot Noir! Tonight's very affordable wine tasting with Ann Marie as our pourer sommelier. Best $14 you can spend! Now if only there was chocolate!  I realized she missed my sandwich and I was hungry. I waited in line again to check on that and she said that they were making it but she forgot to charge me. She never apologized or offered to comp the sandwich for the inconvenience she just stupidly smiled and charged me again. Now I'm the loser?! What strange customer service! I did not leave a tip. Study the menu lady and realize that I am not getting paid to be here like you are and promptly check me out with accuracy. If you make a mistake "Great place to study and get things done. The fire in the corner is comfy and warm My suggestion would be not to get drinks to stay Left and went to Culvers. Food and atmosphere are a bit less it's my go-to spot for coffee in Middleton.  got my drink right which is rare on the first try! Really like that this place offers SPIRITED coffee drinks! Will have to come back to try them out!!!" I asked for a cappuccino and the milk was sour. Dude thought he should argue with me about it so I got a refund. This beats the burnt taste of Starbucks any day. Great coffee. Perfect shot of espresso. Staff was very friendly and smiling. I enjoyed my coffee here. 5 stars.  they have a huge selection of wines and liquors.  It's a great business model - make everyone happy no matter the time of day." Loved the kindness of the staff and the Mexican mocha dos huevos breakfast burrito. Breakfast all day. Veg options available. Fireplace to stay warm. Yum. Staff does seem a little.....out of it.  Not really all together there.  I would say stoned  I plan to make a greater effort to explore the towns I think I know but actually don't."  I think) right by the door and I imagine someone had left just few seconds before I got there. But there are a bunch of other small lots nearby  but if I have time to kill between meetings in Middleton this is usually where I stop!" Back when the liquor store was called Jersey's the selection was not nearly as good and the store layout was less organized.  When Neil's bought the location they cleared everything out and reorganized the shelving.  The place is showing its age a bit and the parking lot in front of the store is in pretty terrible shape.  I think the other two Neil's stores (Fitchburg & Waunakee) are better stocked and in better shape  you have succeeded.  I used to stop by the store on my way home from work several times a month for a few bottles of wine.  But as I told that unhelpful clerk  but not exorbitant. Definitely the place to stop to pick up beers on the way to whatever if you're in the Westport Bishop's Bay part of greater Middleton. I haven't shopped here for liquor per se  I've noticed the Copps on University on the westside is *much* more posh and has a better selection and display of its items THANK GOD! I am sick of co-ops. One shop for everything food. I like plastic bags and large carbon footprints. I'm not going to martyr myself and pay more for a smaller selection for some pinko environmentalist agenda. The service is so-so. No one outstandingly friendly  had more things in stock and even regular items in stock I'd give a better rating. Also the parking lot is pretty dim dark. Makes me feel unsafe."  but it's convenient to drop in on the way from the east side to the north side." "It's my own fault for continuing to frequent this grocery store.  Rarely are there any baskets for shoppers to use.  Their is no mobile service so we can call home for last minute items.  The prepared food counter looks horrendous.  I wouldn't feed my pets with that food  who are no help. The meat quality is good as is the bakery. Its just the crummy feel of the store and lack of any service that gives a bad impression. I do like the self check out area with four stations so you can get out of there without having to deal with that obnoxious female bagger with the name starting with M. The liquor store is nice as well. All in all I will drive the extra two miles or so and go to Woodman's and avoid the hassle."  but I will probably start going out of my way if I have to in order to have a better shopping experience." This place is a perfect location for the north side residents! The staff is always super friendly and helpful with any beer and liquor questions. The beer selection always keeps me hoppy! The wine selection isn't bad either. Check it out kids!  and they are open till midnight which is awesome when you work 2nd shift."  complete with the freedom to change lanes. You'll have no problems getting here fast enough that you won't turn into a pumpkin."  and close to home. If I'm running low on supplies and it's to early to call it quits  but my liver hates it. Booze and Bait "I love that you can buy a bottle of tequila and a worm separately at this place. Super nice guys at the counter always I've found some lovely wines here. When I want an absolutely excellent bottle of wine for a special occasion  light it up and enjoy!  About the only place in Madison you can do that at.  They also have some really nice tasting events where you can try out a variety of wine  but I will definitely be going here again soon. They know their stuff and are very helpful. After a short chat about what types of cigars I've had the recommendations came flowing. There's a huge selection  but it doesn't matter if you have the best-stocked humidor in the Midwest if it's difficult to access it." I would suggest you come here with friends and enjoy a great night or day. Thanks Bryant for the Experiance. I will be back!" PS dry clean my cigar smoke soaked coat"  once you take a moment to catch their attention." Very nice place. I love going in here to buy gifts for my father in law! "This place is only open at night.  Like 5-9pm.  The owner is always working.  He can tell you everything about anything in the store.  He's helped me learn alot about scotch and wines.  Thanks Mike.  Fair prices Always friendly and knowledgable.  Glad he's just down the street! I've walked way further for way less. Way to go  non-sketchy looking store The prices are fair for what they have. Overall  and sometimes I purchased wine that tasted like it might be a bit too aged (not in a good way).  A bit pricier than the grocery store.  The people that work there are super nice and friendly and always give dog biscuits to my dog when I walk over with him!" "A surprisingly good selection of whiskeys!  They have a handful of private barrel selections and some unusual finds. The prices are very good  IL has been my reference for service and selection for all the wine stores I had ever been to.  The staff really opened my eyes to many different types of wine and even compted my a small glass of there open stash kept behind the coolers.  Ah I wish I could still shop here I'd give an extra star if I could for the fact that we can walk there!"  construction has still not been fully completed (unless they're going for that industrial grunge look).  Bare wood panels were exposed on some walls  hand-drawn sign asking for a $6 cover fee.  Our group was granted a table in those hallowed halls and some bought bottles of wine to share.  I was one.  They were charging a $5 corkage fee for each bottle.  WHAT?!?!?  A corkage fee by definition is charged by a restaurant to patrons bringing their own wines.  We were buying our wines there.  When did this nonsense start?  In discussing the policy with some former regulars  they will start coming to the drive through counter with your drink in hand. Quick learners if you are a regular. The prices are very low for a drive through liquor store The alcohol is pretty pricey though. You're better off finding a 24 hour grocery store." Small liquor / convenience store. Prices were a little high and selection was limited. The staff were friendly though.  and then to the register. I was greeted openly by a pitbull/bulldog mix.  He smiled at my tender meatiness as I bought the booze.  Left as quick as possible. If I have any advise for those who actually like the dark side streets of East Phoenix...take the drive through.  Even though I bashed them a bit...they did have like every alcoholic beverage under the moon.  2 stars for that!  Could I suggest a paid officer or...a chain for the dog.. :/" Badass little place. Every color size and make of alcohol. Prices are ok and they have a drive thru. Yes its not on a great part of town but you're not here for the location but for the product.  but not a good selection of anything. Cider and wine selections are ridiculous and the staff doesnt know what they carry  received EXCELLENT service and says Ali is THE best!" Real talk drive through is convenient though." Love this place. Go here all the time. The guys are knowledgeable and helpful.  Drive thru is awesome.  Cool place to grab a beer or spirits. Cheapest liquor prices I've seen." The store never look so good really cleaned it up made it a place you want to go to. Great selection of liquor and all kinds of beer and wine including craft beers . People in the store friendly and the drive thru makes it great when you're in a hurry Was out partying and needed 1942 tequila stopped at this place got it at a great deal clean store great service!!!!  they allow you to put together your own six-pack of various types so you can try all sorts of new drinks. And if you're in to liquor I love my neighborhood store. I have lived most if my life in small towns. And I am use to being remembered and treated friendly when I walk in a store. In the 2 tears I've been back in Phoenix I believe this is the first place to make me feel welcome and at home. So a big shout out to every one that works at Gary's Liquor!!  just three short miles north on Central.  You just can't beat a breakfast of a lovely hot Chai latte and a bagel and cream cheese...all for about $5.  LIke I said  when they do outside BBQ lunches. Great side dishes and great sandwiches all around. I just wish there was more than one Thursday per week."  they should provide a blood donor center at the entrance to give cash on the spot for shoppers plasma. I HATE huge markets. Fry's too big. Safeway just right. AJ's just right and then some. The produce section is perfection. Not mounds and mounds of produce you know is wrinkling and rotting more than Bea Arthur in season 6 of the Golden Girls. Cute little baskets hold just enough fruit and veggies to select from and not too much where you know it's all riddled with germs and spiddle. The meats and cheeses? Oh  I have always loved AJ's selection. Now I love them even more after discovering my new favorite Italian meritage. Cheers!" My favorite grocer... Each location has something a little different.  FLW and Thompson Peak has great sushi! and their bakery is heavenly.  flowers all under one roof -- plus Castle Boutique is just one block over.  Score!"  and press your nose up on the bakery's glass display case showcasing it's decident sweet goods and dont' shoplift any cheese! Talk shop with the butchers and be inspired by all the products in the store. Even chat up an employee or two  speciality store. pricey  cheesy and so NEW YORK style.  I usually get myself a pizza and a Henry Weinhardts bottled Root Beer and I'm set.  Throw away that Domino's number and give AJ's a call!"  unlike other stores this size such as Trader Joes which drives me crazy. I really liked the choice of veggies since there is nothing better than a good salad or side dish. The meat counter has a great selection of meats and fish along with a few products put together for you and just cook. If I could not find somethng they often would order it for me and that was wonderful. Good cheese selection too is great. One thnig I did not usually enjoy was the pastry  they're just full of overpriced products that are priced for the sake of being overpriced.  And adding molded wooden facades to every corner of the store doesn't help much either."  this is the place to buy flowers for you honey.  I grew up next to one of the most well known florists in Phoenix (who has appeared on radio shows and in magazines) and when she can't help me because she is to busy This place is like a Whole Foods mixed with Trader Joe's.  They have such a wonderful variety of fresh items and local items! I luv to buy their local salsa's there!! If you are in the area...pick up a bottle with the two bumble bees on the front (can't remember wat the name is) but it is yummy stuff!!!  when the store was called Euromarket. Talk about nostalgia -- you could grab a Bianco pizza and eat outside with only a ten minute wait!"  parties...etc. (HINT HINT: Buy me flowers!!!) I also like to buy a fresh single stem or two and whip up a simple yet funky piece for the nightstand or dinner table. It just looks so fresh and chic and smells nice." Mng1FUcW-xRSdsDkowQm2Q  you'd still have to be the Prince of Dubai to be able to afford a lamb chop and a jar of imported chutney (or whatever people who cook put in their food)." I would highly recommend AJ's to anyone who seeks a high quality product and wants the resource of knowledgeable grocers.  AJ's truly is the purveyor of fine foods!"  I may lack the knowledge of of really really great meatloaf... and AJ's is just ""OK""... so if you have a favorite meatloaf place I didn't think I would find a replacement for Huckleberries Natural Market in Spokane. Well A few cautions - some out-of-date items still on the shelves (two weeks ago it was eggs) and one barista/bakery worker who has been there for years who just can't get an order done. They also seem to be closing earlier."  but do expect to find really delicious and appealing products in every isle!  Also "It's expensive. It's smaller than most AJ's. But guess what? There's not many places like this in central Phoenix. It's hard to get quality cuts of meat  but not too rich. Creamy and buttery and oh so good. I needed to get Nico's uncle a birthday cake on Monday and just HAD to get us a champagne cake. I sent have of the leftovers home with Johnny and I single handedly finished the rest over two days. Maybe they make single portion sizes? Oh why lie  just a great experience!" A great alternative to the plethora of ghetto grocery stores in central Phoenix."  you get what you pay for. The remainder of that star comes off because the patrons are completely insufferable. I practically have to elbow bitches out of the way to get my number at the bakery. This ain't Last Chance The same exact stuff you get at safeway for more $.  I will shop at Sprouts.  Hey AJ... GFYS."  but it's so fun to shop there. It reminds me a little family run places when I lived in Cali. The produce section is so fresh looking. When you first walk in you're hit with gorgeous flowers  or unless you think one of the sommeliers is hot. 2 stars for the awesome beer selection." $4.89 for my salad and I'm a full happy camper.  Minus one star for having too big for me chicken chunks." "Very nice grocery store indeed. Everything is well organized and not messy at all. The fruits were definately of decent quality PS there are 5-6 rows of specialty barbecue sauces "Poped into this AJ's last night after going to Gallo for dinner. We got here 5 minutes after they closed Coworker is an Organic NUT so he asked if I wanted anything back for lunch. A Turkey Sandwich no mayo I say. Not 10 min later he calls and rattles of 15 diff types sides @ $4.59 a pound that can come with the sandwich. WOW. While the food is fresh and yuppish....I would rather not pay these prices. Reminds me of WHOLE FOODS IN CA. smh...wont be back. P.S. - You must try their pretzel bread!!!  OMG!!!"  replaced with some line of stevia sweetened soda.  Now I can't just ride the lightrail to get it...I have to get in my car and go to a bevmo or total wine.  So sad...."  the staff are even better than the products they serve. If you are broke or on a diet All in all the I've had better catered food for Thanksgiving at Chicken Express when I visited my cousin in Texas. AJ's Fine Foods did not deliver the quality that I was expecting. We could have made something better ourselves. I will say however that AJ's does have a large assortment of beer."  they have free samples at the bakery so I usually take a bite or two of that and consider it my dessert!" The fish was good but as I ate it I couldn't help but wonder if it was any better than what I could have gotten somewhere else." Mng1FUcW-xRSdsDkowQm2Q  but I wish they would add kale greens and liquid amino in their salad bar like Whole Foods."  with your choice of lemon or orange slices.  The only problem?  Frequently long lines.  But super great and friendly service.  Don't forget to pick up a brownie or tiramisu.  Oh yeah Expensive.  The deli needs a lot of work.  Their pastas and deserts are way too overpriced for the quality. Chocolate mousse tasted like whipped cream with hershey's syrup blended in. Overcooked cold large prawns were so bad I had to return the item. "This is a great store and has been there for as long as i can remember.  Yet it still always looks clean and fresh.  The selection of products is off the Hook as they say.   (They) the young generation.   They absolutely have everything that you could imagine.       Of course there is a drawback!!!   The Price  loves it.  I've heard ""this is the best cake I've ever eaten"" from everyone that tastes it.  We only found this by accident.  We needed a cake and didn't want to pay upwards of $30.00.  We saw on AJs website that they reduce the cost of one cake each month from $25 to $20.  This cake happened to be the one that was on sale The day I picked them  up a very nice girl in the floral dept. helped me out. The flowers were amazing! I will for sure be going back here for floral needs!" "Alright seriously if you rate AJ's less than 5 than you're a buffoon.  Seriously think about this for a minute.  AJ's offers top quality products and specialty items that you can't find at your typical supermarket.  IE. Langoustines.  Is the store pricey? Yes  the more i fall in love with this store. i love cooking and this is the only place where i can get those ""weird"" ingredients."  only charity never sends me home with full bags of gourmet groceries after I write them a check."  the young man remained gracious and kind and never said and unkind word or even gave an unkind glance while this woman was attempting to belittle and humiliate him in front of customers. She is lucky that I was too shocked by her behavior to say something at the time  despite some of the bad press here." The bakery here is amazing.  We order cakes here regularly for business and they are beautiful and delicious.  It's also nice to see a place that still values great customer service.  if I drank coffee this looks like a place I would want to sit out front and have a cup on a regular basis."  they ALWAYS over charge me!  As if their prices weren't high enough to begin with!"  most of the time meaning they could not identify a tri-tip or flat meat cut if their life depended on it. AJs has a good selection of a wide variety of international foods. My main reason for this trip was DARK or BLACK Sesame oil. Check!" "Great custom bakery! We ordered a chocolate cake for a big birthday cake Meat and chicken is high a quality-customer service gets three stars though-unfriendly staff at times-with high prices they charge excellent customer service should be an expectation.  without telling you they will first...so that sucked but otherwise this place is decent."  especially the butcher. Need a special cut of beef? No problem!  Just tell them what you need and they're happy to help."  most things were also very expensive and so I was proud of myself for leaving the store without spending a ton of money. I will be back though Super disappointed with my treatment at the AJ's. Will stay away from here from now on and I would definitely NOT recommend anyone else to shop here. A number of employees could care less about you  and to pick up those few items you need at the grocery store." Really happy with how the meal I got from this place turned out. I got a banana chip muffin (low fat) and a large coffee (raw sugar had to be requested) and not much could be said about anything wrong with the experience. This was a five star slammer. I loved everything about it and the next time I'm in Phoenix (I live in Los Angeles and work in the entertainment industry) I will definitely be coming back. Thanks A.J. My favorite at any location. They make there own Sushi. A lot of the Delhi food is hand made. Only the best.  I only shop at AJ's for a few particular items.  Out of the produce The store was practically dead the whole time I was wandering around. The staff outnumbered the patrons BY FAR. How do these places stay in business? You won't get more money from me AJ's!"  they're a little over priced and you could get the same price anywhere else you know? But overall a cute atmosphere without lines..ever!"  now that Wal-Mart carries Nathan's Famous pickles and I won't be able to buy my bath products here anymore I love love love the customer service.. I was sorry to see the Aj's go in my neighborhood.. but its worth the drive! Not sure if it's this location or they just had a bad day "Friendly knowledgeable staff and great fresh food. Sometimes the value of certain things isn't there and wish they used more organic or quality ingredients when preparing foods and what they carried at the salad bar. The tomatoes are the worst I'll stop by over and over again for their coffee.  I'm not much of a Starbucks girl :)" The seafood and prime beef here can't be beat. If you watch for the sales when they have 50% off prime steaks and their awesome seafood events you can get some great deals on top grade meat. They also have some really great produce and I actually come here more often for fruit and veggies.  I've gotta say the most disgusting unsanitary bathrooms I've ever seen. Oh not to mention in the bistro they clean stuff off with dirty over used wash wrags. I'm surprised the health dept hasn't violated this dump yet. I hope they get shut down. Matter of fact I hope all Bashas loses all their stores! The bakery and other depts are forced to use old squeaky fallen apart equipment   AJ'S has an incredible wine selection and just about any exotic ingredient you need to find outside a normal grocery store.  It's fun to peruse the shelves Insider Secret: Check their website for events like Floral Happy Hour (50% off) Fridays at 4pm." From time to time they run 50% off on steaks. And their Kobe ground meat/burgers is to die for." The staff is always nice and friendly as well. I am glad AJ's is part of my neighborhood."  (I've always been dealt with  courteously and professionally) Her response was ""we have to follow the rules"".  Eddie is turning over in his grave."  who was absolutely amazing!!! He was so nice and helpful! Everything came out exactly the way to imagined. The taste was great and everyone loved them! Thanks AJ's for making delicious cupcakes and a 3 tiered cake!!! We would definitely use you again!" Twice in a row the person cutting my prosciutto has pressed it together into a ball of meat. Basically ruined. It's one of 3 items I bought and I treated its bag like a carton of eggs. This is not the location to splurge on pricy cuts. Lame. The store is going to get an expansion and remodel soon to compliment the remodeled Uptown Plaza too!" My favorite go to for lunch.  Their salad bar beats any AJs salad bar out there.  Always clean and friendly. Really bad experience today. I ordered this chocolate coated strawberries 45 count and I end up getting this 32 tiny strawberries and 13 bigger strawberries costing me $ 2.49 each. They never displayed the strawberries upon delivery and I feel cheated and frustrated.  you expect that the staff and management are ensuring that the food being sold is fresh and marked correctly. For such a small store Just a warning if you eat here and have allergies. they hire idiots who lack important knowledge that could KILL someone. Thanks for your concern AJs!!" "I stopped at AJ's twice this week for lunch. The first time I had a fantastic salad at their salad bar. The second time I ordered the AJ's Club. It's suppose to be a club sandwich "Not enough healthy selections "I like to stop by here for coffee and desserts. I've had the tiramisu and lava cake and both are really good. As far as grocery shopping goes Don't forget to bring your attitude when you shop. Seems the staff is trained to be uppity snots. Rude is what this place is. Never had customer service like this. The deli people and the man serving the pizza were down right assholes. In a world full of people thinking they are better than others this place exudes rudeness. Keep your over priced crap and your fake ass employees! So impressed with their beer selection! I don't see a lot of markets selling beer singles so this was like...beer heaven. Would definitely recommend! Here's the funny part. I went to take it back and told the manager about it and how it could've been a serious health hazard. I happen to know because I went to culinary school. I was really nice about it. Also hoping they would take care of me somehow in this situation. If anything the manager looked a little annoyed but gave me my money back. The frustrating part is I had to go find dinner somewhere else and all that was given to me was my money back. I still payed for the shrimp we bought. All $4.50 wasn't even discounted. I rarely do this. I just didn't want anyone else to get sick It's a great place for fresh food and specialty or unique items like spices or local BBQ sauce but don't plan on crossing all the items off your regular grocery list here."  everything done on time and absolutely perfect. The pistachio cake he recommended was TO DIE FOR! Definitely will return!" The bacon was good but the scrambled eggs were terrible!  They were watery and barely edible.  They tasted like powdered eggs and water were mixed in with regular eggs.  I would not eat the scrambled eggs in any form.  service is bad.  9 people waiting for service at the bakery but only a single employee serving. 4 walked away and gave up.  While waiting  I went to the deli counter and nobody was there. I could here 2 employees talking in the back room off the counter but neither was paying attention to the clientele.  After a 5 minute wait an employee serving hot meals barked to the staff that they had clients waiting.  If 5 people are in line at the cash they should open a second check out.  Lastly I love Cost Plus. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is it tends to be a little expesive and this definitely stands for the furniture. I love the food section though! They have decent posters too...  and a large selection of beers and wines. I never get what I came for and leave because there's always a great deal or item you don't think you can live without."  give yourself some time and walk down each aisle.  It can be amazing the things you find hidden in the shelves that you might have missed if you just scanned down from the end.  And wear comfortable shoes - you might be there awhile."  there's a place that earned my repeat business!" Why not add some global influences to your decorating style?"  the little trial sizes of random gourmet foods (a mini bottle of aged balsamic? so cute!) and one of my favorite wines was discovered here first. Norton's Malbec. It's $8 and fabulous. They also have a ""reserva"" for like $14 but the cheaper one is a better ""bang for your buck.""" "DAMN YOU COST PLUS. DAMN YOU! Why oh why did we stop by after a Ticoz happy hour? Do you realize how vulnerable I am after two pineapple mojitos? Do you realize what I can do with two empty shopping carts  is the parking arrangement and it is not easy to get into its' parking lot.... I think the prices here ae better than Pier One....By far!" I call the style of this store ""funky urban"".  I prefer it over Pier 1."  I prefer it to Pier 1 or other stores like it."  they also have an *amazing* candy selection! If you are a fan of imported candy Found a ton of things for stocking stuffs...  I am coming back soon to get some xmas shopping done."  and more bar glasses then I need. My Bf hated me when i came home with a world market bag. Then I would pull out a a beer sampler for him and a bottle of wine for me "If you been to one anywhere in the USA you have seen all the WorldMarket Stores. I have been to them from Santa Fe to Seattle to Phoenix and many  suburbs in between. It's all the same! Over priced merchadise & art that is mass produced supposedly in other parts of the world. Groceries/beer/ wine once difficult to locate. Now its rather mondane and lacking a thrill. Narrow oddly arranged rows where you are bond to knock something over. Still people come and buy  but I rarely find anything to buy."  they have a huge variety of everything you might want to decroate your home with or eat off of.  Thank you Cost Plus and the fantastic employees." They carry a lot of stuff from around the world which is awesome lot's of foods and collectables.  They have all sorts of interior decorative products If you try just these 3 things you will glimpse nirvana!" Did I mention that I love this store?"  courtesy of this guy who acts like a 12 year old."  love this place! If I had lots of money to spend I would have my whole house done in world market products! All their products are so unique! The layout is very nice and the people are super friendly and helpful! I just have to say it once more I love this place and could spend hours here." It really is a World Market and you won't leave without buying a lot more than you anticipated." Looking for some eclectic lamps? Interesting wines? Fun throw pillows? Glasses? Snacks? Go to ""The Happy Place""!!!!" My only gripe would be that when they send out a 50% off one item coupon...they should at least have something in their store that is not on sale so I could use the damn thing!  The coupons are for regular priced items and EVERYTHING was on sale!  Bummer." This location can be hard to get in and out of the parking lot.  Employees are friendly and helpful.  Love it that they let me come back for a credit when I forgot my birthday coupon.  you're going to go in with a list and walk out with everything you were looking for and then some. If you ever get the chance This happened in the beginning of the year. There was a small couch on clearance. I liked the size and color and it was comfortable to sit on. I noticed there was no sales tag. There was a sign that said clearance . I asked the sales person how much it would be for this small couch. I ended up waiting forever to have my question answered. About 45 min or so. She finally comes out and tells me what the price was. It' was a reasonable price. Then I noticed there was a black stain on the seat of the couch. It's pretty noticeable when sitting on the couch.  I pointed it out and said to the sales person what I had found. No comment coming from her. She just stares at it. I asked the sales person if there is another couch for sale or not for sale. There was none left in that style that I liked. I was surprised that they would have a dirty stained couch on their floor. I left and went else where. I hope they change managers there. That place has changed. It use to be a fun place to go to with good sale people. Now they seem to be so disorganized and sloppy in their work.  and chocolates at decent prices. Also a good place to go if you need to find a gift for someone but you're not sure what to get."  very unique! It's definitely one of my favorite stores! Sales & coupons are always a bonus!"  The staff at this location is always helpful and gracious. If you need a price look up they have pricing guns at the ready to scan items for you. The clearance section always gets me since those treasures are deeply discounted but you have to get there when the fresh stuff is put out or it's slim pickings. This location is right off of  HWY 51 so getting off at Highland while going North and driving through the little Mall area is my short cut to get here. I love World Market because you can spend all day here and never see everything; but you always find just what you need." What a snooty store. I was followed around the whole time and asked if I was ready to ring up when I wasn't even at a register. Didn't have the bag of violet crumble that I was looking for. No need to come back. u8bQvtkVa5lW-SNwRLH6Vg They greet me when I arrive and the manager is very nice; always looking out for the customer."  and well stocked.  The staff is friendly and acomadating and you can always find various sales. If you have never been to Cost Plus Market With great customer service (they've offered to call me and hold a minor $6 grocery item) "This is a swell spot.  I love to go through here and look at the various things! I love the ethnic items and the housewares that they have.  For a little bit you can get a nice look for a dinner party or gift.  I really like the various food items that are from other areas of the US and globe.  A lot of fun just to go through the aisles and see things that you may have remembered from your grandparents or childhood. Many nostalgic feelings on many items.  I really love the assorted bowls  and they back it with great products and a great wine selection.  You won't find a $100 bottle here I really enjoy all the options that the store provides Too bad because I love this store." The jewelry is constantly updated with new and beautiful items "Perfect for the Loma Linda neighborhood and it appears that it has been here a long time.  You can stop in for beer g6wD_iM7rdeeGizFHQucow "I grew up down the street from this place! Surprised to see that there are a couple reviews on Yelp. Its a good convenience store for cheap things that you need quickly. I personally buy too much soda and candy there which is not much of a need I love this place!! I just moved to the neighborhood and Mike could not be friendly & welcoming!!! He always calls me by name when I come in & asks how my day is going. If I could do all my shopping here I would :) Maybe if I just keep calling the corporate office until they recognize my voice..."  hot foods and butcher block - but then you wouldn't be cheap The only downside is the crowd. It's always cramped and I feel like I'm in every body's way. I damn sure know everybody is in my way. I don't like dodging people or obstacles. I don't like getting bumped into by carts and huge lady purses. There was even one point after picking up my spinach that I was trapped by two carts. The drivers were oblivious. I stood there  but what you lose in time you save in price." It's a bit pricey...Why so pricey?---I guess for the privilege of buying something healthy?...vs...something fabricated by DOW chemicals and produce shot full of altered chromosomal waste!" "There are certain items that I always buy at Trader Joe's.  My most favorite is their orange flavored chicken.  You buy it in the frozen food section.  It is low in calories and is so easy and fast to make.  I serve it over rice and I have a great dinner.  My husband loves it too.  I also love their ready made salads Go here.  Get some meatless meatballs and some whole wheat pasta.   Have a tasty dinner."  the staff are all really friendly They have new products all the time. I am addicted. Addicted. Is there a 12 step program for Trader Joes? I hope not. It's one addition I plan on continuing to feed." Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA I feel good when I shop here." Just to name a few..."  and always chock-full of obnoxious and/or oblivious people who wield carts like weapons. My favorite is the woman who thinks it's an awesome time to teach little Jimmy how to push his own wee cart and comparison shop I also love that I can randomly grab beautiful flowers on my way out the door...and the flowers are always something interesting and exciting." They also have nice succulents in cute pots outside and their flowers are gorgeous and super cheap.  I always look forward to spring when they have daffodils- something like 10 for $2?  Can't beat that."  along with the pesto. Very very good and at a great price. I wish they had a sales section like my handy dandy F&E.. Ooo.. and I like their honey wheat pretzels..yum! And I think they are only a dollar fifty or so.. Oh  my husband and our dogs here. i like the prices a lot. i like that the people are nice and their eggs are the best tasting in all the land. i don't like that pomegranate seeds are hard to come by. i get sad when they're out of cheese curds. and i get frustrated when it is super busy. but otherwise  better quality food and organic! You can`t beat their fresh flowers and assorted orchids and plants either! I love Trader Joes! Great selection of wine and beer I love shopping at Trader Joe's. They carry plenty of bagged meals for two people that you can just heat up and eat. They aren't full of awful chemicals like at the grocery store Really cool place.  So many yummy things to find there! I absolutely love Trader Joe's!  It has so many more options for vegetarians than other supermarkets.  Their prices are really reasonable too.  you should shop here. Just a fun place. Staff is very friendly and they really seem to enjoy working at Trader Joe's. Great selection of food." Two thumbs up and inflight approved!   :)"  but it adds up if you're not careful." The bottom line - their employee's are just so friendly and always cognizant of check-out line lengths & open up more registers instantly if lines get to long. Keep up the good work TJ's -The parking lot is dark as hell. I had the closest spot to the store and could barely see to get my keys in the door! Its super scary and unsafe feeling."  but more affordable pricing. I love that they always have sampling and end caps that feature all the new products. A HUGE parking lot  and could only get better if they sold something to help me with my game  friendly and helpful.  Check out system is effective and they do a drawing for those who bring their own bags in and raffle gift cards - never won  who doesn't love being recognized and rewarded for using a reusable grocery bag? I just know one day they'll pull my ticket from the fish bowl! ;)" Hell...a few apps and a couple bottles of 2 Buck Chuck and I have a party!"  I am a fan. I've always gotten a fair deal at TJ's even back when I was struggling to make rent on my studio apartment. I felt they were in my corner "overpriced and grocery carts are in the parking lot if you need one. I prefer a Sprouts  especially since they take back items with no questions asked. If you have a bad experience then don't be a hater Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA  I will probably never be a regular here.  The reason I frequent this Trader Joe's is because its A) close to my office  having come out to Phoenix and finding it I was all too excited to check it out. I am very pleased with it. This particular location has that outpost/trader store look and feel. They are basically a mini version of Whole Foods or Sprouts minus all the fancy extras and a lower cost. I love the options. The sparkling mineral water for $.99. The Olive Oil for $4.99. The curry simmer sauce for $2.29. The ground turkey for $3. Organic foods at average prices. I am  not sure how they do it I wish they would build a whole foods nearby..."  and there is a surprisingly diverse selection of good ones here. I almost have to avoid the area of the store completely or I'll come home with tons of it." Love their Cream Top milk and I think Trader Joes is the only place in the Valley to get it.  Makes great cheeses at home ! What's not to love about Trader Joe's? Everyone who works there is really pleasant and their produce and other items are great and reasonably priced. Their Salad mixes are awesome and are what I'm currently hooked on. Suggestion: Go to Trader's Joe's on a Wednesday between 10:00am and 2:00pm and you can take advantage of the fresh produce outside at the farmer's market I heart you Trader Joe's and I'm glad you're right up  the street from me." Will make sure I check dates next time." Bought an apple pie and it went moldy in two days. Brie was expensive and the worst tasting I've ever had. "This is my go to TJ's for the location and service.  Very friendly staff that are always helpful.  Located between home and work These are just to name a few.  Trader Joes knows how to do a unique Who doesn't love trader joes?  a lot of the food items are from China.     I am not digging that. I think they have gotten a little bit better than they used to be with that.    A lot of their fish at one time was from China. You get to fill out a coupon for your chance in a raffel for each bag you bring in when shopping. Which is  always a  good incentive.  Food is fresh and good. Everything is a good price  "I really dig this place.  They have a lot to offer for such a small wittle store.  I am definitely in love with the low prices on flowers and plants Mainly because everyone who works here are super cool ...and will bend over backwards to answer your questions... or walk you to where your object of desire happens to be.   LOVE shopping here!" "Just moved into the area and went to this location. It was so busy but staff was very helpful as I'm not used to this store and couldn't find the things I usually get. One time I went to another store and there was a demo of waffles with pomegranate seeds and yoghurt on it.  At this store there was a  sample with Belgian waffles  and they're a great place to grab a sandwich or salad or whatever if you're running errands on your lunch break. I confess: I have eaten an entire party sushi plate from Trader Joe's in one sitting. No shame. Their chocolate spread is better than Nutella Employees are friendly and I recommend you take advantage of the samples throughout the store. Come hungry!"  interesting and new healthy things to try.  Impeccably clean and staff is always friendly."  but it is all quality ingredients." Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA Only real food left in this country is trader joe unless you run your own farm  but whatever they carry is always fresh and in season. They also carry gorgeous flower arrangements cheaper than most other stores in the valley. I can't do all my shopping here due to the lack of toiletries and cleaning products   and looks cleaner. Love the hummus and wine collection they have here ."  and produce is incredable." Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA  then sprinkled w fresh arugula and balsamic-pomegranate glac.  Omg so good. And then gazpacho.  And wine. Duh." Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA  so check out was pretty quick. There were a lot of people working "Even before I moved to this CenPho neighborhood I've been an enthusiastic customer of this store - most of the times that I happened to be in the area I'd come in and shop. The foods  had some pretty good prices and a lot of the goods. And like the variety of not norm grocery items "What's not to love at Trader's! 5 Stars all around! It is always friendly and clean at this location.  Trader's has a great selection in produce "Everyone I have encountered working here is friendly and helpful.  They were very busy this evening but made sure all registers were open and everything was well stocked.  Great soup sample The staff at this store is friendly and there is a good positive energy as soon as you walk through the doors. This store is often crowded but the line tends to move fast."  and Mango Trek Mix.  Love that stuff.  South Chandler/Ocotillo/Fulton Ranch really needs a TJ's.  This one was similar to all the others Hoping someone in their product development group takes a closer look at this item." Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA Very nice staff! It's always packed in here & I'm not surprised! Quality food! Lots of options! I absolutely love the vegan options as well as the GMO-free foods (all Trader Joe's brand is GMO-free). I have to say the prices are greats as well! Love TJ's!! Friendly associates and unique/healthy food are always comforting to me. I still don't know why they ring that bell. Anyone? Is it a congratulatory jingle for bringing in your own bags bc your eco-friendly? Is it because you were the 100th customer and get some sort of prize? Maybe next time Got a few snacks and crackers for my ride home." This location was quaint and very clean! Smaller than the one back in ABQ but everything we wanted or needed was here as well." -Roasted red pepper soup" The staff is always very helpful!" OUTSTANDING SERVICE!!! Ms whoever you are Great place for groceries. It is affordable which is a major plus (like their .19 cent bananas) and always convenient. I definitely recommend stopping in for a quick lunch. Pick up a salad or a ready made wrap and lunch is as good as done. Plus they have silverware and napkins right by the exit so you are all set! Thumbs up Trader Joe on Camelback Rd!"  and super friendly service. Just the kind of things you would expect at a Trader Joe's."  and they are always willing to open something so you can try it out before you buy it... how cool is that!"  but you get the picture)... and their stores are always clean and tidy.  Even if all you do is walk in and buy a bottle of Cookie Butter (stay away from the cocoa swirl I love Trader Joes. I do all my shopping between here and Sprouts on Indian School. This is the only place I don't feel like a bother asking questions to the staff. They are so friendly and at the checkout they ask questions and we always have a nice conversation. I love that they always have new items as well! PLUS the flowers are always BEAUTIFUL!" "Wonderful TJ's in the same strip mall as Whole Foods.  Wow.  So I got my staples here for my trip to Sedona:  water Great location! It's the perfect walk from our place to grab some lunch. Everyone is always so nice and the food is always great!  I purchased more beer and wine that is humanly necessary. Trader Joe's doesn't need a review. Of course a visit here is wonderful. This is a definite favorite of mine!" "Love love love this Trader Joe's. Their flowers are amazing and CHEAP! They have these little chocolate covered banana bites (""Gone Bananas"" try them!) amongst other goodies that are so yummy. Besides the great prices and unique finds I love this TJ's. Staff is awesome and always greets you with a smile. They all take pride in their food and have some great suggestions for recipes. It's also convenient as it's a great place to grab some food after my workouts since la fitness is right next door! Thank you Trader Joe's for being you This is my stop on the way home 1-2 times per week.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.  We love the natural selections and variety that can be changed up every week or so.  Hope that they get the TJ's Coconut Water in again soon! "I love Trader Joe's and always choose to visit a Trader Joe's in addition to your generic grocery stores. Entering a Trader Joe's is like going on a little vacation. They have unique products at a reasonable price. I always find something new and delicious! Sadly I love Trader Joe's and each visit reminds me why. Great food  this time it was a certain type of goats milk. I called several different grocery stores and none carried the item I was looking for except Trader Joe's!! They also have amazing prices on there frozen fruits for my smoothie. Thanks Trader Joe's you saved the day!" "This is a great location.  It is clean and well organized. The produce is beautiful. The beer and wine section is huge hebXGQk5ggZSwTlUoEcTWQ Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA  unnecessarily-harried luxury SUV driver to spot your predicament and SPEED UP to try to intimidate and punish you for having the audacity to even potentially cause them to slow down in the least.  Once you make it alive you will find that their parking is bad too at Fry's. But the arrogant driving on 20th Street ends in the Fry's parking lot where the piss poor layout necessitates the greatest of community cooperation and patience -- PROVING that the display of arrogance on 20th Street is purposeful.  Why?!!" This is my go-to grocery store and I can honestly say that if they sold every grocery item I need I would probably never go anywhere else for groceries. They have awesome products at gray prices and friendly staff. But for the crazy crowds that inhabit the store most of the time I would have given this Trader Joe's a 5-star review. Be warned this location can get quite crowded on Sundays as it seems a little smaller than other stores I've been to. It can actually be a bit of a nightmare at times All of the employees are always so nice and helpful! Never have to wait in a long line!" They're like a luxury grocer that doesn't make you feel like you're in a luxury grocer  and Trader Joe's got the cracker business on lockdown. The produce is the freshest on this side of town. The pre-made salads and meals are so fresh and out of this world delicious. I can only condone grocery shopping at Trader Joe's and Costco. If you're frequenting elsewhere Watch out for when the parking lot gets busy!"  I rarely have to wait in line too long. It's nice that they offer coffee to sample while you shop and they always are offering a food item to sample. Love me some Trader Joe's!" I go to Trader Joes often and the staff is always friendly and helpful!  You can't beat their wine and cheese prices! At least we don't have lines out the door yet just to get in the store like in NYC..."  I really like this TJ's. They seem to have the same staff working there longterm (win) and they're always super friendly. This store stays well-stocked and I'm almost always able to find exactly what I need." I personally will not be going back to this store. Samantha needs to learn her boundaries as a customer service representative and as the face of Trader Joe's." This spot is a big YES.  Unless you want Doritos and soda!!! (They don't sell poison here.)" But other than that I love that they have orchids that are only $12.99 -- so beautiful. Same ones sold in other grocery stores but for cheaper!" Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA  buy a whole bottle of wine to enjoy after the movie.  I've always been given great assistance in picking out the perfect bottle.  I can almost taste it now...." Great place to sit and drink wine on a Saturday afternoon where you have nothing better to do. Food's average. Lots of people watching which I  love. No indoor seating though so avoid when hot.  Beer and Wine.  Arrogant Bastard is a great beer.  I love it when any product starts off the description by telling you that you're probably not going to like it...."  and just because they are legally obligated to close up shop at 2:00 doesn't mean we shouldn't enjoy the right to buy overpriced liquor from you at 1:55 and finish up elsewhere. This is VERY difficult to do when you close whenever you damn well feel like it all the time I really needed a cigarette at the Vig the other night and they were closed at 11:30 PM on a Saturday night. I'm deducting a star and holding it hostage until the next time I need something and Empire is actually open for me to get it. They were open at about 10:00 PM last Saturday when I got to the Vig. Good on them! Back up to 3 stars! great price to buy lotto tickets for gifts!" Great selection!!  The owner and staff are friendly!!  The prices are great...there is a drive thru and it makes everything easy!  Sometimes its a little slow and the place is a little cluttered...but its alright...go to place...  across the street I see a drive-through liquor store. What a great find all of the finest cognac  and scotch   and craft beer. Stop in and stock up!" "Awesome liquor store. I can't commend the staff for their excellent customer service. Every shift  so this little spot was the first thing to come to mind when I was looking for a bottle of Pillsbury Wine Company's 2007 Diva for a recent birthday.  I found it right away - it was literally the first label I read.  I was a bit bummed because I didn't get a chance to talk to the owner.  The website didn't list the Diva among the wines stocked I stopped in here last week because it is directly across from my dry cleaners. I was having friends over to meet mine and JD's new pup-pup and needed some white wine to serve along with the beers I already had. One of the proprieters was behind the counter and was extremely helpful in picking out just the right bottles for my price range and taste. She told me about the wine tastings that they have as well and that if you go-get there early because they fill up quick. I will definitely hit this place up again for help trying new wines instead of making a random guess at Albertson's.  but they are so willing to help you find what you need and you do not have to be nervous about asking any question. The wine tastings on Friday's are great  it was my Friday evening ritual. I learned a lot as a result. I'm grateful. I'm paying it forward..."  that i dont want anyone to know about because im selfish ha ha. you will always feel wecome by everyone there and be part of the family in no time. oh yeah did I mention NO CORKING FEE. yeah "Quick update to the wine tasting. The wine class now costs $20 per person but you receive a voucher for $10 valid that evening only on any bottle of wine.  All the featured wines are still 10% off. Seriously 