"Love this place.  Gus is warm and funny.  (He is Greek after all).  Not shy about telling you what he thinks.  He'll work with you on your price range.  They run great specials and are quick with the tailoring.  They have suits in all ranges  I took these pants in to Brother's because my husband said they were good and THEY ARE AMAZING!!! The pants were done in 15 MINUTES and when I looked at the hem  price and quality I received were excellent.  My pants were ready at the date and time promised and there were no issues.  I am glad to have found a great tailor close by and will definitely be back." I have a feeling it may have to go back to Brothers a few more times in its hanging career...while my weight changes... like I'm a finalist in the Duncan Yo-Yo tournament." "This is the best tailor in town!  They really can fix anything.  I've taken them all sorts of different clothes from work pants to bridesmaid dresses and they've always done a phenomenal job!  I appreciate their fair prices  Hoa is perfect in doing jeans. Take your jeans to this store and ask for Hoa to do it. You'll love it for sure."  the guys there said they were well tailored suits and not to waste my money. I was amazed that instead of trying to make a buck off of my misjudgment and therefore an unnecessary service  when you come in for one suit he'll ask whether you want 6 or 7. However  but now I know I was sorely mistaken. This guy is going to be making all of my suits as long as I'm in the valley." "I Highly recommend Peter ""the # 1 Son"" he makes buying a suit or just boring alterations fun.  This was my 1st time here    All of the customers love him and his family!  Thank you for all of your help I will definitely come back."  I realized I had forgotten to get all of my work slacks hemmed and tailored! Two tailors in North Phoenix laughed me out of their store for bringing in such a large order with such a ridiculous time constraint. Panicked "My first stop-shop for any fixes and alterations. I have not yet had any major work done here or bought any suits from here  Margarita who helped me in the store is a wonderful host and she is very helpful in finding/tailoring the right clothes for you. For me Brother's Tailor provides a warm and welcoming experience plus high quality clothing. A winning combination!" Bought custom suit and shirt here for my wedding... Peter took care of me. Very happy with product. Phenomenal service.   I returned and exchanged some products with no problems... Better quality and better prices than their bigger competitions like men's warehouse and Macys.   Trust me I looked everywhere.   Stop in and give them chance You must go check them out and tell them Brett sent you!  You love it!!!" I would not recommend them to anyone... very very truly disappointed as I could use a good honest knowledgeable helpful tailor./ seamstress...." Ordered custom suits from here. Very pricey and they're okay. For the money I was hoping to be wowed. The suits are ordered in from China. My husband complains about the suits all the time- the fit and ease of wrinkling. We were promised if he didn't like them they'd buy them back. That didn't happen. Their pants hemming though is quick and good. My only (very minor) complaint is it took a little too long for my liking to actually get the suit after picking everything out and getting the measurements. Plan ahead and get there at least a few weeks early if the suit is for a special occasion."  it's about what he did to make it more than right. I'm more than satisfied and will use them for alterations in the future." "I went to Brother's Tailors & Clothing to have a small but complicated repair done to a pair of ladies' pants.  Gus and his son were very helpful and bent over backwards to make me feel that this little repair  job was as important to them as the custom suits that were being measured  that day too. My slacks had a very quick turn-around time I went in today to get my fiancs pants re-hemmed. They helped me right on the spot and didn't even charge me. The nicest and most helpful tailors. I'd recommend them to anyone!!! Best alteration shop in phoenix. Extremely friendly staff and great custom suits. I highly recommend this place to everyone! I had so many compliments at a wedding in Cabo San Lucas. One guy from NYC asked who I was wearing and his brother walks up and says screw that. Who is your tailor? haha enough said."  fantastic job and polite service. Thank you!"  highly recommended. Got great suits for my groomsmen here. $100 + tailoring...did I mention that the suits were NOT rentals either :) This is a great place "I had a bizarre request as I needed some patches to be sewn onto a baseball hat. I call the store and they said of course they could help. I walked in and was greeted by very polite staff. I said I spoke to a man on the phone about having these patches sewn on a hat. An older gentleman (didn't catch his name) acknowledged that he was the one that spoke with me. I showed him what I wanted and he asked me to wait and he would do it. After 10 minutes he returned from the back of the store and one of the patches was in the wrong spot. He quickly retreated back to the rear of the store and had the issue corrected. When I asked him how much he looked me in the eye and said no charge for a veteran (the hat was for my father and the patches were from his service in Vietnam). Now this may not be the same circumstance for everyone/anyone else there "They should not alter prom dresses. They shortened my daughter's dress way too much and unevenly. We had to go buy new shoes with much lower heels I have been going here for 15 years. I think it's great how they evolved from a small tailor shop to a mid sized men's store that offers something for everyone. It really has the look and feel of a fine department store. They are amazing!!! My family has been going to them for years. Always nice and excellent quality work. I just went in today to get a hem fixed on my pants and they took care of it right then. It was done in 5 minutes and they didn't charge me. Pano's passion for what he does is so very apparent. He is truly an expert at what he does- making people look good!  tailoring clothing that could be saved and helping rebuild a wardrobe with off the shelf clothing and custom tailored clothing as well.  This helps maximize where and how my money is spent.  The quality of the garnets are outstanding and the staff has always been a b=pleasure to work with." "Pano Zistas is a true professional and master tailor. His taste is impeccable and every professional I meet who has used him has nothing but positive things to say on his behalf. If you're looking for quality and a life-long tailor  very reasonable and fast!  I brought in two pair of pants to be hemmed Monday and they were done by Tuesday noon.   If you are looking for a great tailor  and Pete will make sure you are suited to look your best.  I have bought suits from all of the top stores in the Valley and can tell you that none of those fit as well as the Brother's Tailor suits.  I would highly recommend these guys for tailored clothing and any alterations that you may have.  They are extremely talented and work very quickly.  This is hands down the go-to shop for all of my business attire." Great experience at Brother's Tailors! The whole staff was awesome and the suits are fresh! I would like to share my experience at Brother's Tailors at Tatum and Thunderbird. I appreciate when you enter a business and are greeted with a staff that is ready to help you with your needs. What might seem like just an alterations business is so much more. They have suits for every customer from their advertised 3 suits for $300 to custom made shirts and suits. Their knowledge of how to alter a suit to fit properly makes the end result amazing. If they don't have what you need they will show you other options and will order it for you. I will go to see the team at Brother's Tailors for all my business needs. Wonderful high quality suits with excellent customer service. I've been going to Bros Tailors for 12+ years and would never consider going anywhere else. Ask for Vicky! I have been a customer at Brothers Tailors since they opened many years ago. They are FABULOUS! Many friends & family have switched to this tailor because of the masterful alterations Vickie & Marguerite have done for me. I'm very short & ALWAYS need alterations! These girls work magic. We've also purchased several great men's suits & designer shirts from Gus. Great caring family business that will keep your family looking their best! Be sure and ask Gus for some Ouzo to celebrate your new wardrobe of beautiful suits! Thankful for this great shop in my neighborhood!  Dillard's Nordstrom's and so on. You will not find the level of service and attention to detail at any other place like you would here. As a none believer  and hemmed them while I waited. I was in and out of there in 10 minutes. I was so surprised that they could do that so quickly. What a great experience!" This place is awesome... I started having my lululemon pants and expensive Sky dresses altered here and whether the job is small or large - they take pride in making sure that they do a good job at a fair price. One of the people that I work with comes here all the way from North Scottsdale because they are probably one of the best tailors around town...  but they don't seem to care much about female customers needing alterations. I got a very indifferent reception when I came in. A lady had me put the gowns on and marked where the hems were supposed to be. She wasn't particularly friendly or interested in my gowns or my occasion. And then she named the price "Excellent customer service!  We use Peter for all of our custom clothing.  He is stylish "I always have heard Brothers Tailors was an amazing place to go for clothing and alterations and they were right! I highly recommend Mary Zarob. She has a background in fashion from NYC and help me with many pieces as well as altering many of my existing pieces of clothing. She is patient "I was very nervous when I first went to Brothers Taylors about a month ago. I have been self employed for over 15 years and it had been my personal goal to never ""dress up"" as CEO of my business. I met Mary Zarob a few months ago and she convinced me to come in and take a look at their selection and talk to their tailor Gus. I'm happy to say I ended up purchasing a custom blazer Great to see that GREAT customer service is not dead!!!" "This is my third or fourth time doing business with Brother's Tailors on Tatum. Our family has purchased three suits here and love all of them.  They have a great selection and amazing service. On Thursday "Brothers tailors fitted me & my entire wedding party. They made us look great and the service was phenomenal. Peter is our favorite and who highly recommend him. Great sense of style PJplFEJ8ltTIfbabNrYqOQ You'll leave looking your best and feel like a million bucks." Excellent customer service excellence and  a great price! I highly recommend anybody that wants to look sharp and do it at a great value! My highest recommendation!"  you just can't compare. Happy Yelping Phoenix  who actually doesn't do it themselves and outsources it to sweatshop workers.  Look for a private tailor who's prices are reasonable and actually do it themselves.  Trust me on this!"  fabrics and seasonal trends gives me confidence that I will be prepared for any situation clothing-wise. It is also a great feeling to walk in and know that they will greet me by name This place is the best!  Amazing customer service and excellent selection of threads.  I even needed to get a dress tailored for my date the day before and they fixed it right on the spot.  Best part.... Wait for it.... They didn't even charge me.  I a big city it is rare to find this level of service and care.  I really appreciate everyone there for going out of there way to always take good care of me.  I talked to a woman that helped direct me to what we were looking for. I told her of my husbands concern for trying on and hanging out in stores too long. She assured me that she would take care of us. We came in later that afternoon and it took 20 minutes we had picked out three suits and we were on our way. The price passionated in what they do. It's more than just a job or ""work"" for they to find  you the best suit they can on you. This is the best place you can find and I would recommend to anyone about them" "Brothers Tailors will have you looking and feeling amazing. Gus and Peter take so much pride in their work and it shows.  Peter is a professional and knowledgeable on how to compliment your style with your body type and makes it happen on budget.  I recently went in to be fitted for a black tie event.  I was only an attendee at this event and everyone had their eyes on me and complimented my threads.  It feels so empowering to be in a custom suit tailored by this wonderful local business.  Thank you so much for all of your help!  I look forward to picking out my next suit and I will tell everyone  you cannot beat Brother's Tailors & Clothing Co. Vicki is a great advisor and always a great help with all the suits I have purchased there over the last year. Gus and team know about quality "Peter Zistas is a great guy to know if you want to look a little better and a little different. He takes time to get to know your personal style. He makes things right no matter what it takes and if something is not the very best fit "After having my first review removed for not enough detail I will provide more information.  Brother's Tailors did an OK job altering my husbands pants in April.  This service was charged a huge fee over what was quoted. Brothers Tailors may take pride in their work but I think paying $65.00 for a simple adjustment is overpriced considering the quote was much lower.  Also You have lost a customer and I will let everyone know not to shop here." 