 I'm glad to make the drive.  Friends have terrific luck with Pittsburgh Pro I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who's looking for a road bike "I've had mixed results here. I would definitely recommend if buying a new bike I bring the bike into BBB prior to the nice weather hitting Pittsburgh in hopes of trying what people have said is a great bike shop and getting my OCLV TREK 5900 ready for the season. Turns out I don't hear from these guys. A week goes by ...two weeks...I think that's ok I have two or three other bike I can turn to for a ride. Then I wind up going out of town for a week thinking for sure I'll get a call from them re: my bike is ready to roll...but no dice. So I call. Turns out a screw snapped when the mechanic was re-installing the down tube shifter and it had to be tapped out (is that my fault?). He says ""Should be ready in a few days"". So I come in a few days later to this mammoth bill. I ask if I am paying for the labor of taping out the screw? I don't think I ever got a straight answer? I look at the bill and can't see a good breakdown of the charges. Normally I would ""duke it over"" a bill like this but I figured...I had somewhere I to be 10 minutes ago and at least I finally have my bike. I would expect that for that money my bike could have been stripped down to the frame and totally gone over (overhauled). But it wasn't.  Well BBB I'll give you a star because the mechanic did do a good job in that my cycle shifts well and the tape job on the bars looks great (nice wrap). Plus I'll toss in a star for your outstanding selection of high end cycles. Maybe I would have rated BBB higher if I was in the market for a purchase instead of a simple repair?"  due to their general awesomeness.  I haven't had any of the tuneup-related woes that other people have had with this shop  go to walmart. If you want a quality bike that is going to fit you  no service is available at all on the weekends.  the first time I took a bike there to have a rear derailer hanger replaced and re-adjusted (I had already purchased and had the hanger) 11 days went by before I returned to pick my bike up after not being called.  I figured it was just a fluke experience and gave them the benefit of the doubt.  The second time. I took a bike in to have a damaged shift lever replaced with a new 7800 pair. I called after 9 days and they said it wold be 2 days more.  when I showed up 2 days later it still wasn't done When you walk out of Big Bang Bikes you know you are buying a bike that fits YOU!  Glenn is amazing and he will help you reach your specific goals!  He has amazing passion and knowledge to make you more efficient and comfortable.  The best bike shop...by far.  Great prices and service.  We live in the north and won't hesitate to make the extra drive for anything bike related. The one guy in the shop helped pick me a bike for what I needed and Glenn fit me perfectly to the bike. They also helped me with the bike rack on my car and changed my bike saddle for me! Ohhhh and they gave me the best price on the bike and accessories!!!  Wonderful service. Absolutely will go back! ... Can't wait!"  he didn't even ask me about a budget). He just gave me a few things to think about before I invest in something new. He was very obviously focused on getting me the product that will give me the most efficiency and power for my needs. So very impressed...this is absolutely where I will be buying my bike."  go to see Glenn at BBB.  It's very clear that he loves his shop and his job.  I explained my needs and preferences to him and he quickly fitted me with a bike that suited my needs.   I actually bought my Trek 7300 over 3 years ago and I absolutely love it!  He sells only the highest quality bikes and equipment.  Highly recommended."  it was very difficult to find a shop which stocked bikes of quality that I could properly test ride.  Big Bang and owner Glenn couldn't have been more patient of all my questions and concerns.  His knowledge is remarkable and he took his time fitting me and explaining the process. He had several bikes I could demo in my size.  After deciding on a model to order Glenn I am a novice rider looking to customize my bike and very intimidated to walk into the shop. Glen and the staff answered all of my questions and made it so easy to make my riding experience more comfortable. I would recommend this shop to bicyclist of any experience level! Keep up the good work guys"  and great workmanship. This is a great bike shop for any level of rider." Whether you're new to the sport or a long time cyclist seeking a new and better experience The service here was fantastic. I've found my new bike shop. I got great help and advice at no charge when they could've taken advantage of me and charged me a high cost for no real benefit (many places would do just that). In the future I will be purchasing from this shop and recommending them to others. I'll be coming here moving forward for bike maintenance  Glen. Beautiful high end bikes and equipment. This is a must do place for the enthusiastic rider."  and have had numerous service visits for various bikes.  Always helpful and always call to let you know when service is fixed.  If you are in the market for a Cannondale in the South Hills this place has better customer service BY FAR than the other South Hills Cannondale dealer."  they will do their best to get the work done for you.  Reasonable prices  I thought it was great that he was willing to assemble a bike just so that I could try it out to be sure of my decision. He also threw in a bottle cage and kickstand for free when I bought the bike! They may not have the biggest selection Absolute best place to buy a quality bike in Pittsburgh. The staff really loves cycling and shares their extensive knowledge with you to help find the best bike for you. I didn't feel like I was being up-sold anything. I really trust this place. Frequent customer for life.  and I waited around for ten minutes before I left.  I was really disappointed.  It was only when I was leaving when a guy asked me if I needed help.  Maybe it was because I am a woman?  The only people getting help in there tonight were two other guys.  What a terrible experience.  I'm glad I took my money elsewhere."  but this one has that mom & pa feel to it. Plus they have pro gear and expertise.  I will definitely purchase my next bike there and will go here for all maintenance moving forward.  Stopped in to have a tire fixed and i was in and out of the door within 10 minutes.  The guy was willing to share a ton of information and told me about their program where you can rent a protocol bike for an afternoon to try it out before you spend a lot of money.  Great service and happy places like this exist."  don't pull the Gender card on this. It has nothing to do with you being a woman. These guys are bike-minded. It  might be their one drawback. I don't think one of them could run for a political office and win because they just simply aren't fakers. They aren't overly-nice. They aren't gushy. What they lack for in some people's expectations of warmth and courtesy More about Bikes Before Christmas here - http:  iheartpgh.com 2008 11 06 donate-bikes-for-kids "  at less than full list prices.  It really doesn't get any better than this."  this is the shop to go to.  $75-150 gets you out the door with a bike  he has a heart of gold and this place is one of the very best. like best on earth. I always seem to go in frustrated and leave happy. this is likely a combination of the fact that I go with a broken bike that leaves fixed and the fact that the cost of fixing is so..reasonable. I recently replaced my brakes and the ones the old guy gave me were missing a screw so he upgraded me to the next nicer ones for free. this guy is really a treasure. and this place is too. I look forward to the next bike repair because this place is so unabashedly wonderful."  the shop is like a museum of bicycle parts (and the upper stories of the building are reportedly just as full). If the recurring rumors of its closing   Mr. Kraynick's retirement are any indication  a great resource and way to learn a lot and save money if you have the time." I already want to go back. And yes best bike shop in existence is a pretty accurate statement."  and to  borrow a wrench or two.  Gerry is like a wise eccentric uncle.   I remember going there for my first time in the early 90's and it hasn't changed in almost 20 years."  so he doesn't take credit cards.  It's a little annoying considering that you might be spending over $100 on parts and service "A spiritual experience.  Working in the back with fellow bike enthusiasts in a communal  setting restores my hope for humanity.  Jerry is a gift to this city for providing an environment where you can work on your bike  and he is very helpful but the place is a bit messy and you can't always find what you need."  but is willing to help or talk to anyone who wants to learn about their bike or needs help. Supported by the theory that he is not running this business to make a ton of money  I will be hitting up Kraynick's for all my biking needs  the back room was equally bursting with every tool imaginable; none of which I knew how to use.  With the kind help of a few of the guys who were working on their own bikes "my son inherited a crap bike from a friend.  i was wary.. but we took it to kraynick's and for about $15 "This place has everything you need to fix a bike.  I decided to check out this store after reading the reviews here on Yelp.  Jerry was honest and very helpful.  He invited me to come back if I ever need to work on my bike This is really a nice place. Kraynick provdes a place in back with all kinds of equipments for you to fix the bike yourself for free. And the people there are very helpful. It is a place you would definitely want to go for learning some thing and fixing the bike yourself.  and there are almost always people around to give you a hand or make a suggestion. Gerry will sell you any parts you might need and advise you on the best way to install them. It can't be beat." "I am so happy that a shop like this still exists. Jerry is so humble he probably doesn't really care that his business has the highest Yelp score in the city. If you come to visit Pittsburgh check it out! There's no place else like it and there will never another shop like this ever again. It's like going back in time to the 1970s. If you ride in Pittsburgh This place is incredible. I love how willing everybody is to teach you and they expect nothing in return.  and extremely affordable. I can't believe I lived down the street from this place for four years without stepping foot inside! It is a treasure."  but realized he is more into repair.  I guess if I was really into bikes this place would be my haven.  I am a very casual rider and I was looking for one to take trips every now and then.  If I ever need a bike repair I will certainly go here." The two guys I worked with were super friendly and extremely helpful. They even let me take home a $3.00 tire pump thingy on an IOU as I didn't have any cash! So.. a few months later and I'm heading back down to pay them back the $3.00."  fun and professional. We highly recommend Sun City Cyclery & Skates."  but quality inventory. Love the cat roaming the establishment too. Any establishment with a cat gets a star automatically."  the service is super friendly and helpful. I went in looking for the Planet Bike Blaze 1W light set and not only were about $13 less then Machinery Row Bicycles ($62.50 vs $75) they took and additional 15% off because I bought 2 sets  but our experience was that they were disorganized and took three times to get something right."  good service.  We had two bikes serviced there in the fall with the intent to use them as winter bikes.  Once the snow flew we realized that my bike was skipping a gear and my wife's had a brake issue.  We rode down  only because I was shocked to see a bad review for this place and had to voice my experiences. Ive had a couple builds done here and lots of little stuff throughout the past few years and everytime I was treated with respect and offered many options of service "Went in today for a quick brake adjustment and to fix a ripped tube and despite being VERY busy I was in and out in under 45 minutes. I've been going to this bike shop for 5 years and I only had one bad experience (with someone who appears to be no longer employed by the shop). Everyone who works here is incredibly helpful and they will never push you to buy any services or products that they don't think you need or that they don't think are good quality. They are super woman friendly  and helped me find a set that are very comfortable and that accommodate all of the stuff I had on my bike.  They also helped me pick out a newer set of front and back lights (and did not just push me toward the most expensive options  was very detailed in explaining my options when I wanted to add gears to my single speed bike. He even suggested maybe building a custom bike might be something I should consider since my Sanwa is not exactly meant for touring.. A week and a half later (I was out of town)  they even gave my wife a milk crate when we were having trouble finding one for her. Long story short  and all along the way they had resources and words of encouragement. The staff is amazing too. My only regret is that I always have work when their maintenance classes are." These guys and gals a this shop are great.  Fair service prices and will always help you find a way to get your bike going no matter your budget.  I highly recommend.  Cool atmosphere too! Wishing all service experiences could be this  good." Well in the last month we realized the shoe was brushing against the tire and because it was not installed properly . Had to replace the tire. Wanted to support the neighborhood bike shop "Dude made unsolicited changes to my setup and now bike doesn't feel like my bike. It was that way for a reason. Half-hour fix  I wanted to check out Revolution but was a little nervous. I brought my bike in for a minor brake problem that I had tried to fix. The mechanic was extremely nice and took the time to educate me on how to deal with similar issues in the future. It took less than 5 minutes with no charge.  Another staff member helped me pick out a rack by providing info with no sales pressure. It was a great experience  and even though they were closing they still took the time to help me out. I came away happy and grateful."  I still don't always remember the correct terminology when talking about my bike. I mention this because at my experience at other bike shops in Madison (Budget  this time I needed help adjusting my 3 speed transmission on my very old Schwinn Racer. Mitch was the guy that did the initial investigation. He immediately put my bike on the stand and took a closer look. I was surprised because I fully expected to leave it  Amber emailed me to remind me that I had some money due back. I had forgotten all about it. (It was over $600.) She went out of her way to help. Their honesty and integrity made my day way more than the surprise $600 bonus did. These are good people." QMWdcByvCYCrs7-IQyr26w "These guys are great. I moved to town and had no idea where to have my bike serviced.  I took a chance because they were close by and boy am I glad I did. They were friendly "I agree with the previous review by Samantha regarding the service. There are guys who will flat out ignore you and some that will really go out of their way. I purchased my fairly high dollar Kona from them a couple years ago and have been happy with the way they treated me since. Jorge comes across extremely gruff  the prices are comparable.  What you are really paying for is knowledge and service.  The service sucks at the pig.  Buy your bike else where  found out about a local bmx/bike concrete park in the area. Definitely headed there straight after."  and reminded me why it is almost always worth it to seek out small "Rock on Slippery Pig.  I  bought bike for my daughter and within a week  she got a flat.  She was crushed.  It was on a Saturday and I had heard about the Slippery Pig so I took  the bike up there.  The store was busy 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q  some might say they deserve 4 because I am being too tough. I am pretty easy going and patient and the fact that I am still left with a bike that needs adjustment after dropping $70  I want help. The help I got came of as condescending and I left the store with a bad taste in my mouth about coming back. Hope others have a better experience!"  or they are incompetent. I think a little of both are involved. Because of this  as that is when they move into the new place next door to Lux coffee shop on Central Avenue. you should get in there if you need lights or bike pumps  I was told the back wheel was not true.  It was true for the whole short week since I purchased it from Walmart.  I plan to take it to their competitor (Landis) and pay the extra $15-$25) to have the wheel put back to the straight condition it was in when I brought it to Slippery Pig in the first place.   I would never give a shop another penny for an extra service I should never have needed on a brand new bike which coasted perfectly when I brought it in." Definitely recommend them as friendly  etc. Eric even took the time to give me a mini lesson on how to fix a flat/replace a tube and how to adjust the clips on my shoes (after he took the time to secure them in for me in the first place). This was not because his bike shop was quiet and there wasn't any other work to do...this is because that is just the kind of guy he is and the type of bike shop he runs. You might have to wait a while to get help when its busy but they're gonna take good care of you when they do. The guys are a laid back group who love to shoot the shit and talk about bikes  I think I'll bring my bike here for parts and service in the future.  It's closer to my house "I've tried so hard after countless opportunities that you guys had just to be an acceptable go to bike shop...you've failed just about every time.  Horrible customer service countless times  which is really a plus in my book;  expect dogs to sniff your butt and lick your legs (...and more)...while you browse.  Eli and his his Cally are adorable...." Good selection for store size." I had a very expensive and painful lesson in buying mountain bikes.  Don't go to the slippery pigs  aka ""Fat Bike""...  They ""had one that  needed to be built.""  I said: ""Build it and I will come.""  I rode out of there a couple of hours later with the coolest bike I have ever owned.  The staff was totally hip and cool and GREAT and communicating and relating to my needs as a cyclist. I would not go anywhere else.  Do yourself a favor and buy your next bike at  the Slippery Pig."  these people really do have a cool thing going on.  Patronize this place; I doubt you'll regret it." I'll reserve a fifth star for when I either buy a bike or get some more substantial service here. In the meantime 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q Could it be the client service was directly related to my relationship with the staff.  You decide.  Could I have saved more buying on-line?  Sure.  But if you're in the mtb scene it's all about community.  I know the folks at Flat Tire These guys really know their stuff. I really enjoy visiting about bikes and it seems that they do too. They are always willing to offer suggestions as well as give me what I want even if it strays from their suggestions. The owner and sporting professionals that work here are some of the best in the valley. bb.  because your man with the beard right behind you set it up like this a few weeks ago." I'm a slippery pig customer for life!"  one of the techs was cooking some up in the back. So I showed him my ink and he offered me a piece. They did an initial inspection of my bike and told me it would be done by Wednesday. Unfortunately  and always a job well done. Even if it's as simple as a flat tire or a broken chain."  the guy that helped us out said to bring it back tomorrow and they would fix it.  Yikes.  But once we explained that we would be riding the bikes home he let us bring it back in and they quickly tightened the chain.  No problems since!"  great shop and tons of accessories/parts for no matter what you ride. I was very impressed and I plan on going back regularly. I moved to Phx from Tempe and was worried about ho would be my new bike shop."  and they organize night rides which are funnnn." This shop is located close to my house and Eric and Eli are hilarious and also know a thing or two about bikes. They also do a great job of supporting the riding community. I have been to slippery pig a half a dozen times in the last few months since moving in nearby. I have nothing but great things to say about the shop. They are friendly and courteous and I haven't experienced any of that bike snobbery that comes with LBS. I am glad I found a local shop with great service I am a fan and I will be back for all my bike needs." 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q Love this place great staff good prices  the staff is there to answer questions love my local businesses  Landis and PHX Bike. Neither one of these places hold a candle to Slippery Pig. You're greeted before the door even swings shut behind you. Everyone is SUPER nice and knowledgeable. Service is always quick. They even go above and beyond what you ask them to do. My most recent trip brought me in to fix a flat on my beach cruiser. I left it there The second time I came into this shop was because I needed my fox rear shop sent in for warranty work. I gave him the shock and it was sent in to fox. I was told there would be a 10 day turn around to get it fixed and back at the shop ready for pickup. Fox called the shop and told them my shock was no longer available. I was originally told that it would cost $100 to get it fixed with the warranty through fox. After fox called the shop and told them they didn't have my shock any more  or asked if I had any questions about the bikes. They just completely and outright ignored me like I wasn't there. Don't suggest going there if you're a woman because a guy walked in behind me and he was helped right away. If I could give 0 stars I would."  shame on me.  Ignore me three times I'd gladly recommend anybody here and as far as I'm concerned this is the best bike shop in Cen_Pho."  these guys really impressed me with their friendliness and willingness to find out what I wanted to do with a bike. One bike shop I went into just looked at me and pointed out a cruiser  I don't recommend this place."  and were laid back and courteous.  I love that my cruiser feels like new again.  Thanks guys!!  Because of that great experience I brought a newly purchased single gear bike here to have a new saddle installed.  The nice gentleman helping noticed the stripped hex bolt on the seat post and replaced it First ride went well. I will be back to support the shop"  trustworthy and fun to be in. I found a bike home at Slippery Pig. Not only did they beat every shops price on the brand new this year model women's specific Amira but they did a professional fit free of charge!!! That's unheard of. My first 100 mile tune up was also free. I've been back in the shop just to hang out "I have been there several times over the last month since I started biking more. The community is great and they go out of their way to try to get you what you need. Even if you're not a big time cycler He then asked me for an astronomical price for something that should cost very little. I asked what the problem was and he said that this is the special light weight product and that I would probably rather have the standard issue. This was unknown to me and more complicated because prices were not given for these items. He then walked me back and helped me find exactly what I was looking for. I paid and was on my way knowing I would never return to this shop."  brakes readjusted (overfilled) and a brand new chain because the chain was a link too short causing shift issues."  and they went above and beyond what any shop has ever done for me.  I am a loyal customer and will recommend this place to riders of all levels." These guys are great and super helpful!  I am just starting to get into biking and they were very helpful with everything.  They even assembled my bike rack and put it on my xterra for me and showed me how to strap my bike in.  I will be bring friends and family back to shop for their bikes here too! "Terrific service.  Was having problems changing out pedals; took it in late on a Saturday and they changed them out right away "I bought my sister a beach cruiser for xmas and didn't have the tools to finish putting it together .  I took it to The Slippery Pig and they offered me assistance almost immediately.   They were knowledgable "Every time I've come in someone helped me immediately  friendly and knowledgeable. Great selection of quality bikes and accessories too! Eric  and the service was once again impeccable! I cannot rave enough about this shop. Yes they get busy and may not be able to get right to you but be patient as they are very knowledgeable and will never make you feel rushed or ignorant. If your in central Phoenix  but this error has had a major impact on our trip. We are now in Mexico with an ineffective tire. They could have at least offered some sort of discount  I've had to frequent this shop for many different bike needs related to bike theft (Oh A solid experience at the Pig..not sure why its called that but I bought two bikes and was given a host of info and prompt service. I felt like these guys care enough to take care of you after the purchase. Also they were understanding of my beginner needs without making me feel stupid - My neighbor recommended these guys and they didn't disappoint. From my first call the five star service began. I traveled from Chicago to do a Triathlon with some friends. I didn't want the expense or the hassle of shipping my bicycle so I called Slippery Pig on a friends recommendation. I was able to rent a great bike for the event and they bent over backwards to make sure I had everything I needed. The selection of bicycles in inventory was vast and they are really knowledgable. Make sure to stop in!  very poor!!! We bought a bike on Saturday and we had a flat on Tuesday and we were mislead by their salesperson. She said that if we had a flat with in a couple of days of purchase that it would be complimentary to fix.  Not so!!!  We spoke with the owner Eric and he said that was not true.  He mention that he would talk with his sales person.  Eric did not charge us labor to fix the flat just charge to replace the tube.  I would give them no stars but the tech did upgrade the tubing for the standard tubing rate.  If you don't care about customer service or do not care about being mislead then this is the bike shop for you.  However  but now they have a customer - for the future - and I just e-mailed them about renting a bike later in the summer. It is also right across the street fom the light rail I wish I had recorded my experience." I seriously could not recommend this place any higher.  Places like THIS are why you go to the LBS over a big box store." 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q  but Slippery Pig is not that place. The staff are helpful to beginners and still can handle the finicky experts. Regular customers are treated like family!" Great prices. Owner is awesome. Manager is soso. .  Thanks guys for the three new bikes.  and beat his black lab on the sidewalk. Animal abuse is inexcusable behavior. I certainly will not patronize this place again." My advice to management is to keep Employee Mike in the back where he can safely change flat tires These guys are great!!! Eric is great and very easy to work with. I drove by about 6 bike shops to buy my new 6Fattie (Orange) and it was well worth it. I will use them for all of my ongoing bike needs. I highly recommend this casual bike shop that loves mountain bikes. You just want to hang out there all day! This is a little piece of bicycle heaven! Another Yelp score! The guys in the shop greeted me with a smile. They knew exactly what I needed and took care of me quickly. I was really impressed by the service! Came in to have a bike serviced that I had purchased online. Staff was friendly and got the bike running in great condition. Prompt and courteous.  unknowingly they only sold mountain bikes. Tried asking questions to get more information and refused to help."  but glad I did and being very close to home is a plus for my services. Thanks gents!" Lacks customer service and help when shop is busy."  eager to help you or chat about bikes. They fix and repair bikes on the spot  but the service is why Sun has been so successful."  they have an awesome selection to choose from. what are you waiting for? the weather is GORGEOUS outside so let's go cruising! if all else fails  and perfect selection of what they have to offer." These guys are great and I'm so glad I can ride my bike around the corner to the store.  I'll be a frequent shopper!" Great service and I think they have uprights."  and then re-assemble and pimp out the new bike. Totally exceeded my expectations!" But all in all this was a fun detour on our errand day. Great customer service. Amazing bike selection. Cool store. Hey. Maybe it is time for me to get some wheels. Last bike I bought was in 6th grade...a Schwinn Varsity 10 speed...I think it was around $70. I had to dust a lot of furniture at Bernard's to get that baby..."  but in a darling cruiser-type bike purchased from a cute little local bike shop?  The service and selection at Sun Cyclery were top-notch.  Adam was incredibly helpful on each of my (count 'em) 4 visits when deciding which bike to purchase.  Since looks were my main criteria for choosing a bike  which were inflated inside the box to keep it all snug and secure!  Creative attention to detail  hardworking and you feel like they care about you as a person!  I have been back several times and come out a happy camper!  Sun Cyclery rocks!"  you will not go wrong at Sun. Places like this are truly a lost art. They really love bikes don't to go Landis - go to Sun Cyclery." Excellent place. They have some really neat bikes at a great price. Brought my bike in to have them put a new tube in and check the chain and it was done very quick and ran about 25 bucks.  and said ""don't tell me about customer service!"" Wow! Obviously someone needs to tell him because he hasn't got a clue. He could not have handled the situation worse than he did. There are so many great bike shops in Phoenix that thankfully I will never have to support those thugs ever again. I would suggest that  and I bought the like and accessories that I would have purchased at the other shop. and guess what. Sun Cyclery has another loyal customer!" jYyfLGMURG2pQ6k80R4eZA  knowledgeable sales team. Great selection in all price ranges. Big help in picking out the right bike for my granddaughter."  or an urban rider. Great costumer services ; Adam is very nice and helpful! I'd recommend anyone to buy a bike here "Went in to my first bike store to start shopping around and realized I didn't need to look any further! Great help from Adam "Someone climbed up my 2nd floor balcony and decided they needed my bike more than I needed it for work. Joe was great in helping me to replace my Electra Townie. I had been to three other bike shops before I came here. The people just weren't interested in selling a bike or they were skate boarders treating me like I was too old to ride a bike. The selection at Sun Cyclery is vast. I upgraded my bike and outfitted it with everything I need. Joe made suggestions and let me chose what I thought was best for me. There was no pressure.  He was very knowledgeable about  every aspect of my needs. In the future  mountain and road bikes.  I have been to all of the other bike shops in town and Joe and his crew are the most knowledgable.  If they don't have what you need they will order it.  And they will even send you to their competitors if you are desperate for parts. Great selection of cruisers and an improving selection of road bikes.  They now carry a great selection of Cannondale  road bikes.  Looking for baskets and cruiser saddles  a different guy helped us and we were in and out. No wait time. The staff seem very nice and helpful. The price wasn't too bad. When I originally called about pricing "Asked sales associate if they match competitors prices and was told ""we don't have competitors"". We told him if that's the case then we'll just go back over to your competitor and buy from them."  nice guys.  They recommended the tougher inner tubes for my bike  the staff was really friendly and helped find the right bike for her. Thanks cool people at S.C"  harvesting my brother's old bike of things I could use on my new bike." There outstanding customer service has resulted in us purchasing another Electra and a whole bunch of accessories.  We also referred my mother-in-law who just purchased a cruiser there as well. All the guys are super friendly and love to talk bikes. We will keep going back and referring everyone we know"  I decided to come back in a few weeks later with some items that I purchased online as they weren't available in store. Hard to believe because they have a TON of accessories.  Joe was more than happy to install the outside items and absolutely went above and beyond in making the bike look like new again. I mean My double jogging stroller had a flat tire and trouble folding. Their service was excellent and quick! I'm a new customer but I will be back! Thanks guys!!  Sun Cyclery has an awesome selection of bike accessories. Have fun decking out your ride!" Allan came and helped me just as soon as I walked in and was really patient with me while I asked him a slew of questions and gave me the various options that would work best for me.  Great customer service and even put my bike features on the bike in no time and back to the house for a ride I went! I never really intended to buy anything that day but  Allans enthusiasm sold me. I ended up buying a beautiful Catrike Road with some accessories knowing full well that I wouldn't see it again until May when my parents came home. I only wish  I had a shop like this back home." and when I called back a few days ago to ask about my brakes they said to bring it right in and they would  repair it for free.  Worked with Joe today and he and the crew are the friendliest  and most helpful people. It does not get any better then this people. Shop here  If you're in the market for a bicycle or just need a tuneup you should absolutely stop at Sun Cyclery. Say hello for me!" Great customer service. Very attentive. No frills. No pressure. I had a tune up on my bike. They hit the splash guard with something whole adjusting it which banged it up a little bit. That was the only bummer from the whole experience. I will definitely go back. Just bought a beach cruiser from these guys and everything went great. The staff is knowledgable and friendly.  It is evident that They have been there a while and know what they are doing  the experience keeps getting better. Joe once again has gone above and beyond with helping to tend to my bike and ensuring I am safe on the road. All the staff is so friendly and willing to answer questions  I'd first like to thank that tiny part of my sleep-deprived brain that refused to believe options A and B were even options at all. Bravo  and extremely helpful in an honest and down to earth way. Much better treatment than I've gotten at other bike shops in town. Will be going to them first in the future for anything I need. Thanks Guys."  having found Sun Cyclery and met Adam. Check this out! He even provided me with a bicyclist's law handbook and another booklet that includes bikes trails and paths. So thoughtful! He looked at my bike (fixie) and told me the tires needed air. I couldn't believe it until he brought out the pump and showed me the psi readings. The bike felt even better afterwards. Another thing he noted was the angle of my seat being slanted downward. He provided an adjustment to level it out. Also For the uneducated bike user this is a great place for learning and people to tell it how it is! Also for bike accessory  prices I found them to be reasonable - having higher end items in stock but also more affordable options! A+ experience !"  quick and offered advice to help maintain the life of my tires and bike itself. No longer will I waste my money in Tempe  all of them are super helpful and know what they're talking about.  Adam made sure my bike and I were completely taken care of and didn't make me feel rushed even though I stayed until closing time.  Love my bike and they did a great job on the tune up!  Will definitely be back for any and all bike needs and accessories!  Thank you!" jYyfLGMURG2pQ6k80R4eZA Great place. I come here for bike boxes when I need to ship something big. They always come through. I've bought tires here as well and they carry everything from budget minded components up to high end stuff. Very knowledgeable staff...great place to go. Josh and the guys at Sun Cyclery were so helpful with disassembling and reassembling my bike for me to paint myself! I was happily surprised when I picked my bike up to see that they had taken it upon themselves to add reflectors in the front/back and on the front bike wheel just because they are nice guys (I never asked them to nor did I know that was a thing I needed) super friendly! "A+ Excellent customer service and attention to detail! We have purchased two beach cruisers here in the past and had been bad about upkeep and maintenance. Showed up 1.5 hours before closing and were able to get new chain I will never step in your store again."  needed a new tube @ wanted to do A LOT of other things to the bike said it was unsafe. Brand new Motobecane bike. Got the tube and declined on the rest. Paid $32.00. Same thing kept happening to.the rear tire. Took it to Slippery Pig bikeshop said the air valve needed to be screwed shut. Works great didn't charge me a dime.I'm thinken I got screwed out of $32.00. Maybe maybe not. It's the Slippery Pig for all of my future bike needs." Best bike shop in town. Joe and the guys always so friendly and helpful. They take good care of my 2 bikes. Won't go anywhere else. Shout out to Adam who took the time on a very busy Dec 23 to set me up w/ a great Cannondale foray for my daughter. He had it assembled and ready for p/u the next morning. It looked great under the tree on the 25th! jYyfLGMURG2pQ6k80R4eZA  light mint blue with chocolate and pink colored handle bar grips! We didnt have a lot of time and it was in the box still...so they offered to build after they got done with a bike ahead of our new one. They could see we reluctantly said ok becauee we were pressed for time so they went above and beyond and grabbed some more guys and got it put together. Once together  this is the place to go. Shout out to Josh-he was awesome to work with." "Yesterday I went into Sun Cyclery to see if they had a bracket for my bike light that I purchased from Sun a couple of years ago.  My bike was stolen with the bracket attached "My husband and I both just purchased Electra Cruisers here. Absolutely the best place to go for a bicycle. We went to more than 15 shops across the valley and nothing compares. They have the best selection  I needed this bike.  I live in Arcadia and have driven by the Bike Barn hundreds of times... but now it was my time to explore what they had in store for me.  I went on the website and had picked out a fierce black cruiser with pink flames... at the time this matched my mood so I felt that it had my name written all over it.  I snuck out of work and went straight there.  There it was! My furious cruiser staring right at me!  The sales person came up to me and asked how he could help.  I immediately responded with I want this one..... Sadly I was informed that it was a children's bike.  Now you understand how little I know about bikes.  He kindly escorted me to the adult section were I discovered a baby blue cruiser that made my heart melt.  It was dressed in a giant red bow and had white flowers painted on it  with a fabulous rental bike totally fitted for me!  Can't wait to go back to Scottsdale so I can get another ride in."  they won't even try to help you out. I was turned away before they even tried to take a look at my bike because it's a little bit older than most bicycles."  and now teaches classes on bicycle mechanics. For more info email him at bikesintl@netzero.com"  and returned a few weeks later to make a purchase.  The service was excellent.  They offer a free tune-up once you break your bike in.  I have had so much fun on my Townie!  One of my friends bought the very same model  polite and platinum quality service is what you get from Sun.  Avoid Bike Barn at all costs!  Go to Sun!"  but a little bit more expensive than their competitor. I had my bike tuned up here for $60 and they did a good job. However my friend of mine told me that I could have gotten it for $40 somewhere else. Maybe their rent is high at this location. The staff was nice though."  I'll take my bikes to somewhere that knows what customer service is"  there prices were comparable if not slightly cheaper than other places. I have no idea why anyone would think this particular store is more expensive.....Maybe to Wal-mart?"  and searched the computer to find out the availability and prices for 2012 models. She made me feel very comfortable and educated me on bikes and riding.  She rocks."  or the staff is having a good day...good for you.  I won't be back."  but I'm done.  Prices for basic repairs are way over priced and this last time I took one of my bike in they could not fix it and they still wanted to charge me for it!!!!    Then I come home and fix it myself in 30 min!   ---Go to Landis and not this place."  least helpful people I've ever experienced at a bike shop. They were annoyed that we got there 20 minutes before closing and practically shooed us out the door promptly at 5 'til. We rode our bikes there and bought a basket for my cruiser (and a couple other things) and asked them if they had a tool we could use to put it on real quick. They said ""maybe if you got here 25 minutes earlier we could help you."" I mean  so its unfortunate that ill probably never give them business again (unless there's an emergency  because I kept getting flats on my back tire. Ron helped me and was very thorough. Not only did he fix the ongoing problem but he cleaned up my bike.  So I left with the problem completely fixed AND a shiny bike!  That's called customer service in my book-something sorely lacking in the US.   And I just brought it in again on Friday after a long ride because my odometer has not been working properly.  I thought they might be able to fix it for me. The tried but were unable to. Ron once again helped me. He sold me a very reasonably priced odometer that perfectly fits my needs. He did not oversell me. And because I didn't have enough cash on me "Never even been here... I was shopping for a bike at Landis and asked the wifey to go outside and call BB to price shop a similar bike... She was shocked when she came back at how rude the guy was on the phone  and my first call was taken by a female who was so helpful and patient with all my questions. I decided that I would definitely bring my bike and my husband's bike in for what we needed. The next day I called to ask how long the service would take If you are putting a different product than purchased it should be told to the customer and they should not be shamed when asking about it." From beach cruisers to road bikes and all ages this shop is a great place to buy and get work on your bikes. Thanks Bike Barn"  the bike was literally brand new.  They hooked me up with a water bottle and flat kit.  They quickly installed my pedals and made a few fitting adjustments.  I returned the bike about 30 min after my 4 hour rental and they didn't charge me.  Awesome service.  Highly recommend if you are looking for a quality bike rental when visiting Phoenix."  I like coming to this store enough to drive out of my way (I no longer live in the neighborhood) to pick up things for my bike.  I have a new bike now and have had them fit me to it Two years pass by......and I'm happy to report the boys are rockin it hard core at Bike Barn. I walked in the other day and two ( two!!) greeted me.  When I looked confused one asked if he could help me. Mary was still bustling around doing her magic but the Guys added a sense of ease.....and it was nice. So yep Bike Barn... . Love me some Bike Barn.  and I really don't understand any of the negative comments about service  one of the mechanics helped me get some bearings for the headset because one of them was completely rotted! Luckily one of the original ones was still in great condition. I told him I'd like to replace both since I'm re-doing the bike. He said he didn't have those exact ones but had some that will work perfectly. He went to the back & picked out new bearings... Got home and nowhere near close to fitting! Asked him some more questions about other pieces I'd need. He seemed completely annoyed at the questions I'd ask & just working there in general. Seems like he just wants to get through the day just to get to the cold brewskis in the fridge at home. The guy with the buzzed head & lady that work at Bike Barn are super nice. Unfortunately  I bought the bike from them too) and then refused to provide the first tune-up free as they had promised.  I will not be returning to Bike Barn for any future purchases.  They simply are not trustworthy."  that we came back and had them order the bikes for us. Plus they gave us a discount since we bought two bikes. They built my bike in just a couple hours for me Love the staff! Good peeps!"  10 minutes and $15 bucks later I was out the door.  Needless to say they are fast...plus friendly & the prices are reasonable.  I will be back!" Focusing on the important stuff On a road trip and the Thule rack started to lean. These guys tightened it up (w/o charge) and sent us on our way much relieved. Thanks. Brought my bike in to get it repaired and left with both tires flat told that they are dry rotted even though they are less than 2 months old.  I don't believe that my bike was stored in the correct way.  I recommend fixing your bike yourself if you have the tools or the ability which I should have done in the first place I guess * Balloon tires on beach cruisers: They were created for a soft ride and initially popular on the beach. (This store has a variety of styles. I'd go take a peak. I'm not giving you the full answer! :)"  he went above and beyond in making my bike ride-able until I could source repair parts for this 10-yr old bike (e.g. Dura Ace 7700/7800 derailleur and rubber brake hood for Dura Ace 7700 9-spd shifter).  This past week  will probably take it back tomorrow.  They did fix my rear brake for $20.oo very zippy  there was a sign on the door saying ""Computer Down"" and the employee was very nice but said they couldn't help me in any way. Honestly I was frustrated. I know he is just an employee and not an owner but I feel like he could have helped me with two tire tubes and I could have given him cash and we both could have gone about our day. Instead I was refused service because of a computer outage and had to walk my bike home resulting in missing out on a group bike ride that afternoon. Maybe I'm Old School but computers don't have to run everything My girlfriend got some gift cards that we wanted to use for some cycling shoes.  Mary the manager was extremely helpful in getting her fitted with the correct shoe and explaining all the features and benefits.  Based on her excellent customer service I will be using them exclusively in the future/ Also 4 stars for one of the other reps who took my drivers license because I was test riding a bike.  I was about the leave the store and he never gave it back to me. Had to run back in and tell them that he forgot to give it back. Not sure of his name  REALLY don't recommend this shop."  great quality mountain bikes.  Super easy  be NICE to people when they are actually spending their time in your business and SPENDING their hard-earned money to support your livelihood. during several trips to Bike Barn over the course of three years  I fall in love with a different bike. I'm currently eyeing a mint green Electra in the window and have already picked out a super cute bell and basket that would make it just perfection! Their bike accessories are top notch. They literally have every kind of basket that you could want! However "I'm surprised to see all of the bad reviews about this place- we had such an awesome experience with their service center. We found them kind It has a great variety of bikes and loads of parts and accessories. The service is superb and there are no ""bike snobs"". The staff are amazingly friendly and welcome! I stop by when ever I'm nearby!" "I had two bikes in for tune-ups. One guy (initials JF) did a great job of fixing up an old beatup bike and even called me to make sure that some extra work he needed to do was okay. Then another guy (KO) worked on the second bike and replaced two tires instead of two tubes (as requested) without so much as calling me. He tried to lie and say that my phone number didn't work--but it was the exact same number on the other ticket. Then he tried to say that my voicemail didn't work To say that they had poor customer service would be an understatement.  Service did not exist!  I walked around for 10 minutes without even an acknowledgment... Too busy taking to each other to offer even a simple hello!  I won't be back that is for sure! Awesome and helpful place! They have everything to get your bike running again!  this is not the easiest task.  Mary and the great folks at Bike Barn helped me to identify two separate 'tall' models of Electra bikes.  The one I originally decided on actually didn't fit me as well as I'd thought it would  the employees don't want to be there any more than I do. Small talk is impossible and it just lacks the vibe of a cool local shop. I always use this mantra when spending my money: If you can't pretend I am the coolest person on the planet for the short amount of time we interact  because obviously I am no good with manual skills....  I will definitely be back when I need to purchase another bike."  I felt like the only one in the store. Their prices were very reasonable and were not pushy on sales. He made recomendations based on my needs. I am still a novice to cycling Centrally located. Not a large shop. Friendly and helpful staff. They also have the knowledge of the items they are selling. That is always a plus! Definitely will bring the bike back for maintenance.  also gave me the plastic fork support and the plastic axle protectors. I made a donation to their drink fund in appreciation. If I ever buy a bike "You did a great job and made a sale of a Trek Bike.  We got help as soon as we came in  and asked the guy who answered the phone if i could send him a picture of it from my phone. He told me no because he didnt know or trust me. I find that pretty ridiculous and bad customer service." In the end we both came in simply to buy helmets (I'll never understand people not wearing helmets on motorcycle of bicycles especially if you are riding outside of just subdivisions). They staff never pressured us to look at new bikes. They were helpful. We got nice helmets for a reasonable price. And they didn't try and upsale the helmets either. A year from now when we are ready to commit to new bikes SYZe9ds-9aKHFtiyEPmQIA I hope this review does not sound surpufulous. It comes from the heart with all sincerity. Jeff Stop in if you're in the market for a bike."  and new to cycling in general. The team at Southwest Bicycles are very approachable. They are super stoked to help a new cyclist. They made me very comfortable as soon as I walked in the door. No high pressure selling. They just like talking bikes." The real deal. Theses guys are professionals that love bicycles. And trying to find real men to do an accurate job is difficult at best in this day and age (for some reason). I found them. Check then out. I walked in today in hopes to buy a new bike. looking for a Trek 820 I said i didnt know what size bike i would be. Im 5'8'' and Mike said i would be about 16 or 18 inch. he looked for a bike in that size for me to try just for a comfort feel. he didnt find one but he was kind enough to order 2 Trek 820's for me. I plan to come back in a few days once they are put together to try out for the right size. such quick and great help. how have i never gone in this place before. This place is great. Need a few things done to my bike and they are able to take care of it that day. Prices seemed reasonable. I didn't ck other places but the service was great so if it was high I didn't mind Had them do a tune up on my Diamondback bike and it has never shifted so good !  Think I will do this on an annual basis and buy my next bike from them as they include this as a free service.  I have been reading good reviews on the Trek anyways. This is not a store or an owner out to make a quick buck. This is a local business and an owner that wants lifelong and happy customers. Currently I am down 22 lbs. I need to drop at least 47 more to get under the suggested weight limit for a carbon frame bike. There is a part of me interested in a particular bike that SWB does not carry. But after the past few months I am more interested in buying from here. So in about 20-30 weeks I hopefully will get to try out a Domane 4 or 5 series and start doing things I've always thought were impossible.... like hopefully a century ride next spring." Had a great first time experience. Took my bike to get repaired.  Went in expecting to spend about $60-80 and only spent $20. I'm a very happy customer and will return in the future for my biking needs. "Wife let me choose a bicycle for birthday as hadn't had one for years.  Just browsing at this shop since next door to JoAnn's where my wife needed things.  I asked Ted who greeted me about what kind of bike he thought I should be looking for based on my preferences and likely needs for a bike.  He recommended one and ordered the size he wanted me to test ride.  In the following weeks I researched online and compared brands A month later I was in the market to get a new bike and after having a less than stellar experience at a Specialized dealer I decided to stop in and see if they had something that interested me. Everyone was again very friendly and helpful "I've purchased 6 bikes from this shop and really appreciate the service and knowledge shared by Jeff and his staff.  They carry a good line of inventory and also have excellent mechanics on staff.  These guys do a lot of good things for the community also.  I'm a happy customer  patient and accommodating. We weren't really expecting to buy a bike that day and probably not any day at that shop as it is an hour from my Mother's place. But after the 3 of us all took a couple of spins and had all of our questions answered Horible customer service and way overpriced. Looking to get rich on single product. I  Just wanted a pair of SPD cleats everywhere $10-13 they wanted $20 very poor business practise. Never doing business with them. Thank God there are other bike shops... 