 but the work required removing my entire bumper for repainting.  The staff were very helpful in explaining my options and presenting me with a few choices to get the most bang for my buck.  They completed the work in the quoted amount of time and did a great job.  A few weeks later  the quality of their work is amazing. I had a large dent on the driver side front bumper and had to replace my light (they ended up getting an OEM light instead of the aftermarket one because it didn't match) and get a brand new bumper. They blended the paint for me 0hrB2iwQZ52VZcZWYywXrA Joe Dilorio's Auto Body Shop was so helpful when I needed to get windows replaced. The were able to give me a lower quote then competing auto body shops in the area. They were also incredibly friendly and a pleasure to do business with. I'm planning on taking my car here for all future auto needs. This is the best place we've ever taken our cars to. Their customer service is outstanding. It appears that they really like doing what they do because they are always willing to explain everything in detail. I also like that they don't over charge. I completely trust them to be honest and do the best job possible. "This place is amazing! I needed my car repaired after an accident and the guys here were so helpful. They set me up with a rental car as soon as I dropped my car off  I needed some body work done as soon as possible. The other recommended shops wouldn't even make an appointment to see me for days. These guys fit me in that afternoon  and was not done as well as I expected it to be.  I guess they are no longer interested in repeat customers." "SO lucky to be referred to Joe DiIorio's after moving to Pittsburgh. I've been taking my cars here since 2011 and I recommend them to everyone. It's really invaluable to have ""car guys"" that you trust. I could detail many experiences here (in comparison to other chain shops)  and organized that ALSO does good body work is more difficult.  Joe Dilorio's delivers on all counts.  Highly recommended for the next time you -- or somebody else -- make a little mistake on the road." I didn't like the customer service of this body shop.. There price estimate for my repair was outrageous.. They won't be getting my business I've gotten a few more estimates since I wrote my original review.. I found that Joe Dilorio's repair estimate was three times the price of the other auto body shops.. If you don't believe me= check yourself.. Good sevice everytime my bmw is there. Looks like it came off the show room floor after its fixed from a collision everytime.  reliable and an excellent body shop man. When he says he will have the car ready  AND NO BS.  WHAT MORE CAN YOU WANT?" Fair prices and they keep you up to date with how long they need." "Had a fair bit of work done to my car after a winter's worth of ice landed on the hood.  Excellent work Was referred here by my mechanic to have my front bumper replaced. Had it done quickly and inexpensively. Even drove my wife to work when she dropped it off. Called on my way there to pick it up and asked about an estimate on a scratch along the side of my car. When I got there they had an estimate printed out but they just finished buffing out the scratch and touching it up for free. Looks great. Also compounded my headlights because they were yellowing for free. Very impressed!  honest work here and are so friendly and knowledgeable that I know I can come in for car body advice at any time. I wish I could give them more business "Super nice guys. They ended up doing a number of simple things for free and they're not afraid of complex jobs. If you need help with your door hinges 5 5 would come again."  respectful and accommodating. You could tell that they cared about doing a good job. It was fun to talk to Bob. I will go there again for sure and will spread the word about how great an experience I had there."  but the experience is great to. The shop is clean and comfortable. They have a contests with enterprise so you can pick up and drop off a rental there. They even give you a can of glass cleaner and snacks when you pick up your car. They have fantastic customer service."  all pink-themed?  My only small complaint is my car wasn't ready when originally told  as well. Everyone I interacted with was professional and courteous. I was continually updated with progress on my repairs and they were actually finished a day earlier than expected. I hope I don't need to go back to Mike's for repairs I would go back to them again for any car finish needs." "I was rear-ended with not too serious damage in July 2013.  Since my car is new I really wanted my dealer to do the repairs.  Geico sent me to Mikes and since their claims adjuster was in situ as was Enterprise this was too easy to pass  up.  I was dubious but they really did an excellent job.  They finished in only a few days  this isn't the best neighborhood in the city  I took my car in for the repair. It did take a couple days longer than they said Mikes took my car after horrible repairs service from Kenny Ross South.  The service was great and I even got to meet the owner who came out to personally speak with me on a busy Friday afternoon.  Great guys there.  just alright - go here if you're not pressed for time and you've got Geico  it was just as efficient and friendly. Getting into an accident is frustrating and inconvenient and costly but Mike's Auto Body made the process of fixing things and getting me back on the road into a good experience. I wish more businesses treated their customers like Mike's treated me."  gave me a solid estimate and took the car right then. They kept me informed of the progress of the repair. The car looks amazing and they even left a gift bag in the car with a variety of  car care products and other good things as a thank you . the repair took a little longer than originally estimated but the quality of workmanship was well worth the wait. Thank you Mikes!"  rear header panel was pushed in from the accident. Taillights pushed out after accident. Mikes didn't repair any of these issues. Even after I had told them during the estimate. Also found chips dumped out on the passenger side floor. They are truly an express shop. I wouldn't recommend them to anyone."  which completely shattered my taillight and dented my side panel. I'm a college student so naturally I was very upset and worried to see how much it would cost. They made me feel comfortable and gave me a great price for the repair which only took a couple of hours! Definitely would go back again." Ps- they warranty all of their work the entire time you own your vehicle" "Hands down one of the most friendliest and honest body shop around. They look me square in the eyes and told me what was up with my vehicle. I was hit by another individual and their insurance company told me to come here. They are highly regarded in the BBB and I know why. They even washed and polished my car inside and out. Only reason I didn't give it a five was that enterprise was the one who contacted me about my car...and that was because they wanted theirs back. Otherwise f_e6RWJIERK708E4Cod1wg  so Mike's provided me with a loaner car for the duration of the repairs. What AMAZING customer service. I can't recommend these guys highly enough."  resulting in several hundred dollars in additional repairs. Now we have to submit all kinds of paperwork to the insurance company to add a supplement to the original insurance claim. Not fun!" Unbelievable service and professionalism. Super fast work and done right. Thats what you get from a business that spans a generation and is a local success story. My son bought a used Jeep and brought it here to get necessary repairs and inspection.  Kerry fixed everything and the price was great. It's hard to find a good mechanic that is honest and affordable. They are both!!  but he showed up with a positive attitude and was excited to be able to help me out. If the car buying experience here is anything like the service I received from Kerry  which is the day after a holiday! He called the glass place right there and gave me a great quote! I'm very happy about the quick and friendly service! Other places couldn't give me an appointment for weeks "I've only ever had small things (very small) done here (inspection The staff was so friendly and patient. I would recommend this place and absolutely go back! the rest of the staff was also very nice. i haven't had any mechanical work done there yet I went here for auto body work through my insurance- they arranged a rental car to pick me up.  They made everything easy and were communicative via email while my car was being repaired.  Nice friendly service and my car looks great!  and they got my car all fixed up (the whole passenger side needed replaced) very fast AND they detailed it as well! It felt brand new! They also set up my whole rental car process 600 which was $200 less than anyone else offered. They also fix my bumper for free! I would highly recommend this place they are awesome! The people there are so friendly to. They are amazing!!!!"  but was impressed by the staff.  I normally take my car to Lester Yon's but had a problem with my TPMS that they couldn't help with.  They recommended B&M.  They fixed it quickly and the price was comparable to what I've paid other places for the same problem.  The guy there when I picked up my car let me know that there was some damage to my wheel due to 000 worth of repairs I only had to pay $50 from a $500 deductible! They did an awesome job! In fact they fixed my driver side bumper which was the whole reason why my deductible is lowered! They also let me go without the check being in! I can't think these guys enough they did an awesome job they deserve an award! I highly recommend them! It's all the exclamation points exclamation point hahahaha"  they had my car done a day early. Everyone who works there is super nice and I literally have nothing but good things to say about them. They even offer lifetime warranties on their work. Just a great place! Highly recommend." I had both of my card spray painted and they worked with my insurance to fix both cars with no cost to me. It took a little longer than I would've liked but they did good work. I had the misfortune of running into a deer 3 weeks ago and had to have front end damage repaired. I was referred to Liotus & Winter by a co-worker that that had body and paint work done on multiple vehicles there. The work they did on my truck is great. It looks even better than before I hit the deer! The paint work blends perfectly and the fact that the truck was wrecked is not even noticeable. The truck also rides and drives perfectly. They were pleasant to deal with and kept me updated many times throughout the repair process. They were also able to take care of my rental car return for me so that I didn't have to get a ride from someone else when my truck was finished. I would absolutely recommend this shop to anyone. They were very helpful and very appreciative that I chose them to repair my car. "Just to clarify. My original review is for Liotus and Winter. Not Gerber.  I have nothing positive or negative to say about Gerber as i have not used their services since the name has been changed.  If I do  but they also cleaned my car and lent me one of theirs (at no extra cost) because I did not have rental insurance on my car.  This place is family owned and professional." fM5hwoJGY5gn1jEQnKiyDw  and it was great. It looked as if nothing had ever happened to the car. They also fixed a couple of scratches for no extra charge. Everyone was really friendly I highly recommend them to anyone!!"  full if integrity. Plus the best holiday decorations around!" Amazing! I tell everyone about Penn Automotive!  After moving to Pittsburgh I was worried about finding an auto repair shop I could trust but I am so glad I found them! The best!!!! Thanks so much Joel & crew! Highly recommend them. The lady who runs the office is unpleasant and rude. Will not use this garage in the future.  which is convenient for people who prefer this kind of communication." "It is a very great body shop. The people there are generally nice. And they also work very fast. They scheduled my repair in 5 days and finished fixing my car (general collision) in 3 days. And the price they charged are 20% less than the other body shop. Though the other driver's insurance company paid for it this time  they did not check on their previous work and didn't even drive the car around to actually hear what was wrong. They just came up with some excuse. Not to mention when I called them back they just told me to stop by so they can look at it. LOOK AT WHAT?? We found the problem going 65 mph down the highway and if that wheel would have came off we all could have been seriously hurt or dead. The quality here is not good at all fM5hwoJGY5gn1jEQnKiyDw I wouldn't trust these guys to paint a tricycle. Whatever you were thinking of getting done... DON'T DO IT THERE." "I just picked up my vehicle from Maaco on N. Tryon today and am very disappointed in the quality of its paint job. There is paint on the grill and damage from where the tape was removed. Pin striping was to be done. The body shop worker assured me that they would be able to do this. Today (the day my car is ready for pick-up) is when I was notified that this would not be an option. This is the second vehicle I have taken to this Maaco. Both cars left the shop looking worse than they did when they entered. Customer service leaves much to be desired. I would stay far  the pricing was extremely fair and they finished 2 days earlier than we expected. Will definitely go back if we ever need their service and I would highly recommend them to anyone!" Truly the worst customer experience ever. Wow. Beyond unprofessional. Purely shady." The process of finding the best payment options has been smooth "Do you feel like these places typically rake you over the coals?!  Look no further!  I am grateful my friend originally referred me to BWP.  They are honest  just like it did before a tree fell on and I don't have to take the bus to my new job! The customer care his above and beyond that of any body shop I have been to before." Body Works Plus on Parkwood Dr in Charlotte is the best car body repair. We have used them for a couple of repair jobs and they have always given great service in a timely fashion at a fair price. We wouldn't go anywhere else and highly recommend them. You can follow your car's repair progress on their website to stay informed. This is great customer service. "Body Works Plus is amazing and we wouldn't go anywhere else to have our cars repaired.  We have used them twice and they offer great service at a fair price and leave your car looking brand new.  You can follow the progress of your car's repair over the website  honest pricing and great customer service!  Our daughter's car was fixed in two days and looked superb when returned.  Body Works Plus is the genuine real deal!" Nobody wants to be doing business at a body shop for the most part but these folks make it a pleasure. You get text updates on the status of your vehicle and they work with insurance to make the process painless. Don't hesitate to get your work done here if your car gets a boo-boo  and professional. My final bill was was completely in line with what was originally quoted... i.e. no ""hidden fees"" or extras. My vehicle was ready in the time they estimated it would be. They have an option to text you along the way to keep you informed of the status of your vehicle. They detailed the car for me as well  the owner was patient with me and helped me with my car. He knew I wasn't getting it fixed there (as I had to drive to Ohio) but was honest "This place is way overpriced. I got a quote at an equally credible auto shop that I was referred to and he quoted me $1  which is why I'm giving two stars.  After a week of calling multiple times and hearing ""I'll call you right back"" I gave up and took my business somewhere else. Thanks for wasting a week of my time while I drove around in a smashed up car." 400 at another place.  Found this place on ANGIES LIST and they fixed it for $116!!!  Amazing!!  Highly recommended.  Go here first.  They are recommended by ANGIES LIST and AAA." Bodyworks is one of the best body shops in Charlotte. Great customer service. Their technicians are highly skilled and meticulous and the paint work is as good as factory finish. High Recommend! The staff at Body Works Plus was extremely helpful and very nice! Their customer service is extraordinary and they get the job done! Highly Recommend this shop!!  educated me on an unfamiliar process and answered a TON of questions. He was a huge support throughout the whole ordeal. I would 100% recommend this body shop and Brian Davies....he's a stand-up guy!" You will not go wrong taking your car to this shop." These people are contributing to those high premiums you pay for your car insurance. Paying for an estimate would only make you less likely to shop around for the best price so they can charge what they want within reason. It's like being charged to test drive a car but if you buy it  but it seemed reasonably priced. They did an amazing job on the car and had it ready for pick up in a week. You would never know we had the trunk replaced on the car because the paint job is perfect. I'd highly recommend this place."  one of the service writers took it around back and cleaned it up for her for free!!!! I overheard him let her know that he could have taken it in and gotten it repainted for $800! I really appreciate the honesty! I Wil be bringing my car here again!"  I would be hesitant to take my vehicle back to this location of B&R."  and refused to acknowledge when something was wrong and their fault. I was scheduled to bring my car in but it would not start. I got State Farm to authorize towing from the body shop. I contacted Sandra to let her know what was going on and she seemed very annoyed that there was going to be a delay in getting my car there. She said she would have a tow truck sent out to me by 1 p.m. I called her at 12:45 to make sure the tow truck was still going to be picking my car up and she replied that it would. I was at my home at 12:55. Waited till 1:30. No tow truck. I called the body shop and the receptionist said Sandra was on her lunch break THEREFORE 5 STARS*****!!" "I was referred to A-one by a friend of mine who only takes his cars there...told me he does excellent work at a good price. And he was sooo right... owner Bill was awesome & i immediately felt i came to the right place....esp being  a woman i have found it rare to take my vehicles to a place i where i felt respected and that i could trust. Bill was upfront with me and i felt like i could totally trust his advice  but I will tell you that I have NEVER written a review on anything or anyone on the Internet. This place and Billy are the BEST. His work is superb and very reasonable. He will not do work if he thinks you are wasting his time or your money. He is a perfectionist and you will not be able to tell where he started and where he finished. We are very lucky to have this guy in Madison. I have a 1998 BMW that lived in California until 2005. In the past 10 years the drivers front door and a part of the rear door on the same side had started to rust. Not a huge amount  the additional price was worth it:  the paint job was terrific. Bill and A-One are first rate; no one could do a better job.  An adventure awaits you: totally worth the ride. Tip handsomely!" I wish there were more shops like this closer to home!" I will go back if I ever need body work done again." We took our car to gates after a car accident and were given an estimated two week repair timeline.   30 days later we finally got our car back. Feeling relieved we paid the bill and picked the car up later that day.  Let's just say you should be sure to double check their work because after outsourcing some of the labor they sure didn't.  Again we found ourselves without a car since they claimed the car was ready and there were multiple misses on their part. In other words stick with the reputable shops to get a decent job done We saved about $200 to replace the front bumper for our Honda van by having the work done here versus the dealer.  Looks as good as new and they stuck by their estimate.  and saved me $$$!! Only had the rental car for three days. Offered an alternative to a large scratch that occurred on my red charger and saved me at least $1000--and car looks great! Thanks and will recommend to others!"  Andrea & Pete and each of them have displayed stellar customer service. I always feel confident leaving my car in their care. The major hail storm back in 2006 left my first ever Horrible place! Bad service! They make promises they can not keep. I dropped of my car and explained to them I needed my car by a certain date. I gave them 4 full business days to fix my car. They promised to call me and keep me updated and never did! I had to be the one constant calling them to get an update. I called my insurance company to let them know they are bad for business! They don't even deserve a 1 star!  from the guy that towed the car to the receptionists to the guy that inspected the car after the remote problem was nice and helpful.  I would definitely recommend Tatman's to anyone who needs body work done after a car accident."  the van began to shudder and the check engine light went on. When we brought it in on Monday they fixed it that day -- one of the spark plug wires had been bent and/or frayed and the plug wasn't firing. Since there was no way to tell if it was the work they'd done or the accident that caused it I used tatman's to have a few small scratches removed.  The workmanship was alright but the customer service was mediocre at best.  It took many visits to ensure the job was done correctly.  I would recommend you look elsewhere for better service.  much better quality of workmanship and customer service." This is the second time I have used Tatman's and both times I have been 100% satisfied with the results.  This latest time was after hitting a deer.  It was simple to get an estimate and everyone was polite and cordial.  They handled most of the paperwork with the insurance company.  It took a few days longer than expected to finish the car but the results were worth the wait.  My Mustang has an unique paint color and they got it right.  They returned the car cleaned inside and out.  Looked great and all repair work is guaranteed for life.  but they were friendly and quick.  I was also able to get a better price than at another area body shop."  know what they are doing and know what it means to put in the work and get results. I highly recommend them." "Great service!  They repaired the right side of my car which sustained multiple dents.   A couple of weeks after the service Central IL Auto Body did a wonderful job fixing my car. I had extensive damage to the roof of my new Toyota. They replaced and repaired everything to perfect condition! Kept me informed through the entire process which was an added benefit. Great people and excellent service!  so he offered me one after I dropped off the car even though public transportation is pretty good. The estimate he gave was lower than two other shops  but on the back end be prepared to be a little more proactive in getting the needed information. To be quite frank it seems like this is a top notch shop Good service. Charlie is a very nice person. Highly recommended. Brought my mom's car in.  I expected to pick it up the next day. They had it ready to go in just over an hour. The shock was that the bill was half of what I had thought it would be. Thanks Charlie. The only thing I could ask for is that they take credit cards  complete the work as promised and you get your vehicle back beautifully repaired and clean! It is obvious that they really care about the customer  but can't say enough about the experience I did have at Gallo Miller. The staff kept me updated every step of the way. Only complaint was that it took a month to get in  and thank you Gallo-Miller."  and it's what they delivered. It did take them awhile to get it fixed. Several days in a row I got phone calls indicating ""probably tomorrow."" Note I feel the other auto body places were somewhat taking advantage of me I got a scratch on my boyfriend's car and took it into Ivey to get an estimate of what it would cost to fix. He offered to see what we could get out by buffing the scratch. After ten minutes the scratch was gone and he refused to let me pay him for his time. I plan to go to Ivey's for any future car needs. I put one heck of a scratch in the side of my boyfriend's car. I thought Ivey's Yelp review was a little too good to be true but I took the car there anyway. The minute I pulled in Mr. Ivey was there to help me. He wasn't sure how deep the scratch was but he offered to buff it for me just to see what could be done. He spent 15 minutes buffing the scratch and it was like it was never there. When I asked him how much for the service he told me it was free. I offered to at least pay him for his time since I didn't have an appointment and was taking away from paying costumers. He wouldn't even let me do that. He just asked I remember him if I got in an accident. Ivey's quality of work is superb and I can recommend him wihtout hesitation.  door stuck shut because it had been stuck open and I thought I could fix the problem using wood screws. Note to self: only use screws on the material for which they were named.)   Anyways  the part wound up being way more expensive than I anticipated. When I went to pick my car up and pay I found that they didn't charge me for labor  I was very pleased with the work that he had done. I'd highly recommend you pay Doug a visit the next time you need to have your car fixed. He definitely knows what he is doing and is very good at it. As other Yelpers have noted  and brought it back the next week to get it worked on.  The car was finished in ONE day and for the exact amount of the estimate.  No fuss.  Totally recommend." 8gZy9OrA9h__P0TVlElDtw "Great place! Had my entire bumper replaced after a winter collision. Prices are very reasonable. Best price I found in Champaign area. Great service I highly recommend them" I highly recommend Ultra Collision!  They were extremely helpful throughout the entire process (repairs after an accident where the other person wanted to avoid going though insurance companies) and always looking out for my best interest. I felt like they were fair and honest with the estimate and came highly recommended from the auto mechanic who works on all our vehicles (and is also awesome).  They did an great job on my repairs and my truck was spotless inside and out when we picked it up. (That felt like a huge luxury considering I have two young kids and my truck is rarely ever spotless!). I read the Yelp reviews online and decided to give them a try. I was very impressed by their professionalism. My car was delivered as promised and they kept me informed the entire time. I highly recommend them! You can't even tell I had work done!! Whoot Whoot!!! I highly recommend. Great professional service. My car looks awesome. Work was done in a timely manner and when I picked up my car it was spotless inside and out. Nice to deal with local business who takes pride in their work.. Choose Ultra Collision. Fair price for perfect work. Ask for Steve. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!" Just got my VW fixed. Professional service. Good price. Quality work. I am a very happy customer! Just got my BMW back yesterday and it looks fantastic! Very clean and looks like I never got into an accident.  My car was done when Ultra Collision said it would be done.  Very straightforward individuals that work to help their customers!  Highly recommended.  text messages on progress and going the extra mile with the insurance company.   I am so relieved to have a stressful situation of car repair be such a positive experience with Ultra Collision.   Thank you." Something flew off a truck and broke the light cover of my Volvo.  Steve was able to track down a used light and install it on my car saving me a significant amount of money.  not my fault). I called Ultra Collision to see if/when they could fix my car. During that call I also made the comment that my main reason for contacting them again was due to the previous repairs being undetectable. What I mean is "Just picked up my truck from them after having a ""dent"" and a ""dent removal attempt"" gone wrong fixed by Steven and his guys at Ultra Collision...AMAZING...not a super big job but still it's as if nothing happened to my truck! I'm very happy with the work and the price was EXTREMELY FAIR in comparison to the other 4 estimates I got from both small and big collision places!! Love them!" Was the last of three bids I got. Ultra was the cheapest by far. Was on time with great work and didn't try to manipulate the estimate. I'd use them again anytime.  so I knew they would not steer me wrong. My son was in an accident in his 1999 Altima and the car was deemed totaled. I was the original owner of the car so we knew it was mechanically sound other than the damage to the front bumper & right headlight I really recommend these guys if you need any body work." We bought a salvage/restored 2015 Buick Verano. The origional restoration was very cheaply and slopily done. Steve took one look and showed us why body panels didn't fit. We left the car with him for repairs. He even gave us a ride home that day. A little over a week later we got our car back. It looks and drives great. The subframe is now straight and the paint is flawless. All missing parts were replaced. Thanks Steve for the great work done on time at a fair price. I had a couple  of bruises  to my bumper  . It was fixed like new and done timely . The price was as quoted.  Steve the owner was friendly. "My family has been coming here for years. Every time we pick our cars up they look as good as new  the fender had been replaced and the paint job blended in perfectly. An excellent experience."  all the insurance paperwork and the car looked great when it was done. There is no question where I will go or send anyone that asks if body work is needed!! Thanks Steve!! Oh yea the Red Sox and Patriots are bums!!!"  I am so happy with the prompt service that Steve and his team provided. A truck hit my car on the passenger side and I was not able to open the passenger door at all. Steve took care of setting things up with the insurance adjustors and made the whole process seamless. All in all I had my front bumper torn off with significant front end damage.  They did a quick job that looks good. They were friendly and were pleasant to deal with. They worked with the customers wants to get the job done. ps4-uXHymYSa6tjxLVZ-wg Steve and his team were great.   Needed some body work done and they squeezed me in the week of Christmas! 48 hour the  around! Will be my go to body shop in the future. "Recently moved out to AZ from the east coast. I relied on YELP to find a body shop when we caught the side of the garage pulling in one day.  I checked out a few different places that I found with good reviews and ultimately went with Steve and his team at Ultra. When i pulled into the lot I saw vehicles ranging from luxury to your daily driver. Once insurance got involved Steve took over from there "2 weeks into moving here from the east coast I crashed and went to ultra collision based on good yelp reviews. And I am so glad I did - they did not dissapoint! Steve is THE MAN. Very professional  collision company who claimed to specialize in repairing luxury vehicles and the local company with good Yelp reviews/Ultra collision. I chose Ultra collision because Steve was very polite and knowledgeable about my car. He told more about what it would take to fix it than the other shops. He was up front about what to expect. I couldn't be happier with the repairs."  and they even dropped in a headlight component that had failed while they had the bumper off for no charge! These guys will get my repeat business !"  keeping his men late on a Friday so I did not have to pay for my rental car all weekend. Although I plan on moving from central Phoenix to the west valley  and honestly (my car looked better than new). Steve has been in the business for 20 plus years and he is a stand up guy. He keeps you informed on everything that is happening with your car and he won't do the job unless it is done the right way... There is no cutting corners with these guys. The way that Steve handles his business is how every business should. Don't hesitate to take not only any vehicle here but also your high end vehicle as you will not be disappointed. Thank you Steve and your Ultra Collision team for bringing my gem back to life!!" Steve did an AMAZING job on my car after I was involved in an accident. My BMW looks as good as new. Great communication and customer service. The repairs were done very quickly. I HIGHLY recommend this shop!  but the work done was never perfectly - until Andy's! All 3 of the cars they worked on for me (Honda The manager was very friendly and helpful.  I will definitely go back in the future." I would highly recommend them!" "I had an awesome experience at Andy's Collision Center!  They were so incredibly helpful after I hit my bumper and went to them for help.  Everyone that helped me was respectful Great experience  went beyond our expectations great customer service also. I would highly recommend them. I came back again today  24 March 2015 to have them fix my headlights.   I drop off car at 7:30am and it was done by 1:00pm. Service was prompt  but it looks brand new. I would go there again (but I hope I don''t have to!!)"  David Robinson and found his straight forward candor and desire to please the customer a refreshing experience.  When I gave him the challenge that if I was going to pay a $1 So thrilled with the work done on my VW.   I made the choice to do a complete tear/down and respray on my Golf knowing that it would likely cost more than the car was worth - but I love the car and it was worth it to me.   Now Im gonna love this car forever because the paint and bodywork came out perfect.   Bad paint and bad work can plague a care for the rest of its life and Im glad that USA Collision took the time to make it better than I imagined pD5SVf-E3wzC3dk_pn66ZA "I've had great experiences taking my Infiniti to USA Collision. Although my repairs were minor  to find honesty and professionalism is still alive and well at USA Collision! Dave Robinson  just like the day I got it! Hopefully I don't have anymore accidents  so I would rather give them my business. I am sure glad that I did. Dave and his staff was very professional and made my nightmare easy and got me back in my car in no time."  straight forward and honest and does GREAT work. If you're looking for auto body work this is the place to go in Phoenix." I recently took my car here to have my fender fixed and they did such an amazing job! They understood my situation and that I wouldn't have a ride to pick up my vehicle. So he offered to tow my car back to my house for me that way I wouldn't have to worry about finding a way there. Everyone was friendly and very professional. I definitely recommend this place for anyone that's looking for an honest price and great survice. "Fantastic work and tremendous results on a difficult paint job. Fast work This was truly a wonderful experience with a trustworthy service and I will definitely be back should I ever get unlucky with my driving again (though let's hope not!)."  and he had ordered my bumper and got it in faster then I ever imagined.  Price was more than reasonable. Great body shop. Will definitely use his services again." pD5SVf-E3wzC3dk_pn66ZA "I found this body shop thru reviews on Yelp. I had 2 minor repairs: replacing the passenger side rear view mirror & reattaching my rear bumper. They ordered the parts & today I went in for my repairs. In & out in 45 min. I would recommend USA Collision to anyone needing car body repair. Excellent customer service  and they had the best price of all the estimates I had received.  And all of the staff is awesome - super friendly and most helpful with all my questions.  The business and staff gets five BIG stars." Just an aside.... I did not use any insurance.  I would definitely refer USA Collision.  Also "I just want to say how great of an experience I had getting my car fixed here. I unfortunately was hit by someone who didn't have insurance so I had to pay my deductible. Dave was so kind and his crew did a great job in restoring my Ford back to its ""pre accident"" self. I even had an issue with a part and brought it back and they fixed it quickly and took care of it. It is such a breath of fresh air to be treated like you are a valued customer. Very rare to find in the car industry! Thank you!!"  not a flaw in sight.  Well done and may the business of many clients flow your way!  Andy's Collision Center is so deserving of the many more praises that are sure to come.  Thank you for taking the time to care about the repair work of my vehicle and the personal communication that makes your body repair shop so very special."  Tim and his team of technicians went above and beyond!  Highly recommend!!" "We had a great experience here.  If you find yourself in the unfortunate position where  you need an auto body shop after a collision  but I'm so glad I did. I dropped my car off yesterday morning and picked it up after work today. They did fast yet thorough work and went above and beyond to make my car looking better than ever. They even recommended info about getting a rental car and drove me there. Ron was so helpful and a pleasure to work with. I will definitely continue to use their services if I ever find myself needing them again." Rod and Gilbert at Dent Busters have made my 2008 TUNDRA new again!  I highly reccommend them and Dent Busters to anyone who needs anything from a minor dent to major work done on thier vehicle."  and a great place.  I will definitely  never assuming additional work until after speaking with me to get the ok to move forward with it.  My car looks perfect.  I even noticed that Gilbert touched up a scratch on my clear coat that I had accidentally made.  I shopped around and found that their prices are very fair. They have a safe lock-down if your car needs to stay overnight and a nicely set waiting area for customers.  While I hope I never have to see those cool guys again "Decided to drop by after reading the Yelp reviews and had 4 door dings removed in about 1.5 hrs as a walk-in "I picked up my 2011 Toyota Tundra from the mechanic and there were two minor dents with no paint damage. Gilbert Garza assured me that he could remove them in 1 hour. When I returned to inspect the work  and a small 'wave' on the tailgate. It only took Gilbert about an hour and it's perfect - like new." Prices are fair. Recent alignment $100. Oil change $40. Couple hundred dollars to deal with a whacked out cooling system in an SUV that had sat without running for more than 2 years. Most of the time I look at the bill and I'm shocked in a good way - prices are much less than I imagine they will be. Recently we dropped off G's car for brakes and Quinn called an hour later telling me the car didn't need brakes for another 15 Go to these guys for all your auto repair/maintenance needs. They've made me a loyal customer." "This place has done everything right for me. I just moved from out of state and heard a grinding from my brakes. I got a recommendation from a Napa auto parts store and WOW. I will be a loyal customer for life. Price was fair too. Thanks guys you are awesome. I do  entertainment professionally cRfh3GQoNg8mIxB3desv1w Thank you very much for being a real and true auto shop.. its so rare to be able to walk into an office of a shop you have never been to an ask the secretary if she could have a technician come look at a truck I was purchasing and the Guy come out tell me what it is or could be.. I will definitely come you for any repairs and send in anyone that I hear needs work... amazing job to you all "I needed to have a water pump replaced in a 98 Blazer. Called the day before and they said bring it in in the AM. They replaced the pump "I've been taking my vehicles to Armstrong Automotives for a few years now and couldn't be happier. Recently my daughters AC stopped working and with triple digit heat it was an urgent repair that Quinn had taken care of the same day. I had been told by a friend of a friend it was the compressor but it turns out it was a wiring issue and Armstrong Automotive was able to effectively repair the problem at a much cheaper price. These guys are honest And did I mention my car looks like new? I couldn't recommend this business and location more highly." 