 and they are open until 11pm.  What more could you want?  Why an APPLE PURSE of course!  And a nice Earl Gray tea thrown in for good measure.  Wow...I love this place.  I am such a nerd...only a nerd would enjoy going to a book store and reading as much as I do.  The extra amenities just make it that much more enjoyable."  and the prices are pretty reasonable.  Obviously it's hard for them to compete with Amazon.  However since all the small shop bookstores are gone They could use more chairs."  and they have plenty of books that'll help you pass the time."  but I'd rather buy my books from a place that has more knowledge about the merchandise they are selling than a national chain like this." I really hope this store stays here for some.  The prices are also fair and often have great discounts." HwwEfnZKLNOUoqfgcwAgcQ B&N is more of a hangout spot with books in case you want to buy one right there and then. But everything is kind of confusing you always need to ask where something is. I'd rather shop online for anything i really want. It's just not worth it to buy it wholesale." A little band was singing and playing a variety of instruments while I was here. I wasn't very impressed until I realized that they were high school kids. I thought it as really nice that Barnes & Noble would let them perform in the store... and a great way for B&N to get a lot of their family members in the store Parking: the location is within a shopping area..so I wouldn't say it has it's own private lot per se It's a convenient location to come in and kill some time like others have mentioned. There's a lot to find in there so come back and browse!" This Barnes and Noble carries on a long history of excellence. They always have an extensive selection and a friendly staff that is willing to find what ever book you are seeking." The Nook section is pretty much right when you walk in through the main entrance.  I do like this store however I wonder how long it will exist with everything like Amazon and e-Readers changing how people get their material these days." Went to Barnes and Noble Waterfront with 3 books on my list.       First one there were several books by the same name so they wanted the name of the author.  Went to look it up on my phone.....Barnes and Noble wifi had blocked me.  Wanted me to sign it and allow them access to my information....NOT.  Long story short they only had one of the 3 books I was looking for and it was $4 less on Amazon....Lost this customer. Their food is amazing. They have a deal that you can get a soup and salad for 6.95! Also they have drinks from Starbucks and deserts from the cheesecake factory. What I'm eating right now is the tomato caprese which is delicious and their soup which is homemade chicken noodle soup which is awesome and the tiramisu cup which I never had before. You should try it if you're in the waterfront in homestead.  it was not very appropriate to see a bunch of staff standing around the middle of the store while there are a lot of customers around."  and just about anything else you could want. They also offer tarot readings. Make sure you say hi to the cat (I think his name is Baloo) while your there!"  but never again. I absolutely LOVE this store and can't wait to have reason to go there again." "What a hidden gem in the South Hills. This fun Little store carters to a wide range a spiritual curiosities. You can explore your psychic side with a modest selection of power crystals  but the tumbled stones are buried deep in the back of the store in such gloom you can barely make them out.  They also look like they were tumbled by a lawnmower.  It's such a shame.  I wish they would bring the tumbled rocks out into the sunlight and stock up with some fresh stones.  Other than that though I also LOVE how the shopkeepers don't keep a hawk's eyes on you. Instead they allow you to spend your time browsing the merchandise alone. After all  how to rid your home of evil spirits and I just wish she wasn't closing the store when I was walking in. She was nice enough to stay open until I purchased my salt lamp. I'll return and get my fill of this place and look around for four or five hours."  stones and oils over the phone and have it delivered to a sick relative nearby.  Tell them what who you need it for (e.g. a sick friend) and they will personally construct the gift basket and deliver it if not too far away Worked perfectly for me and--again--they are very nice. Ask for Amy." "" but we did not feel welcome at all :-(" Adorable shop with tons stuff in every corner. There are things small and large all over so make sure to come here with time on your hands because you might just miss out if you are in a rush- there are rooms upstairs too! "Moonstones is a really neat little place in Dormont....you wouldn't expect something like this to be in Dormont. You can spend quite a bit of time in there just looking at all the cool different stuff they have! The people that work there are very nice as well. It's not a place a lot of people go into I feel because they think it's ""weird"" or voodoo lol but it isn't  and you can't beat the price.  All of the staff are always nice and knowledgable.  I also really love that they have a store cat." I am entitled not to be made to feel as a potential thief before I've even made it through the doors. I work in the industry as well and know that before you can accuse someone of stealing  I guess that's ok. My problem is I feel like I was targeted. There was another woman with her purse and they didn't ask her to hold her stuff. There was something I wanted to buy but I ended up leaving after a few minutes of half hearted browsing. It just left a bad taste in my mouth." I wish Moonstones all the best in their business and the abundance that may come!" I've been a customer off and on for years. It's easy to get lost in browsing. Do yourself a favor and check them out.  it's the best place to go if you have no idea what to get. You can pick up anything from a barista action figure to chocolate body paint to the complete set of Harry Potter hardback books. And don't forget the fizzy bath salts or the stick-on mustaches. You'll be hard pressed to NOT buy anything before you leave."  there's a wide assortment of knick-knacks and books that are perfect as gifts or impulse purchases for yourself. It's easy to lose track of time as you wander up and down the narrow aisles."  etc... Kards Unlimited seems to take great care in choosing store products for sale. Definitely my favorite store on Walnut." "I regret to say that I have walked past this store for four years and never went in. That's four years of gifts that I could have found in one place. The books  but you can't blame them--there's just so much to see."  etc.  A tiny sampling of the silliness." Much more than just a card shop. A very unique store. Tons of pop culture stuff. Take your time and look around. Bacon Flavored Dental Floss  and I never feel like I'm sifting through a lot of less interesting books to find the best ones. The editions are always nicely designed. There is also a great collection of shirts  they literally have something for everyone.  I go at least as often as I need a card for some occasion and they always have new things. A bit expensive but worth it to support this great store."  humorous and fun: This is one novelty shop you don't want to pass up! I left with unique childrens books & hand puppets for my son ***i'm basically a local now."  Kards Unlimited has the highest quality and variety of cards I've ever seen. Plus wacky tees. Plus random crap usually found in gift shops at the airport You could knock the whole list out at Kards Unlimited 5-1."  and I'm always surprised at how reasonable the prices are.  Gotta love this store!"  which I think all are ordered by the marker of the cards and then by the type of sentiment. Because of the unique and grandiose assortment you can easily spend a few hours easily going through everything from cards and the other odds and ends (books "What more can I say about Kards Unlimited that hasn't already been stated?  The reviews are glowing and well-deserved!  More than just stationary and cards Large selection of unique cute-tastic gifts.  Humerous knick-knacks books galore.  Very adorable and staff was very pleasant.  Looking forward to going back again. Overall fun place. Just be prepared to enter very small spaces. If there are any other people in there (which there normally is) it will be an awkward mess." I LOVE this store. Always have to take a look when I'm in Shadyside or have any kind of excuse to buy a card.  Darren had his face in the graphic novels (him and his comics lol i like them too btw). I was gawking at everything else including Cat Lady action figures and all kinds of silly stuff. They also have a nice book selections and of course greeting cards galore and t-shirts and so much stuff! Even if you don't buy anything  I doubt I'll ever step foot back into a Hallmark store.  Better quality in cards and the staff are excellent."  especially around the holidays. Don't recommend going with a stroller in tow!" December 2102 Yelp Challege]" lvYt45K8Z7za73FZFpq4gQ I like to check this place out every once in a while because I just like window shopping. I don't think I'd buy anything here due to the fact that it's overpriced but I do like to appreciate their merchandise."  but it's the perfect little place to browse on a Sunday afternoon stroll on Walnut Street with a coffee. I lived in Shadyside for a while and grabbing coffee next door at Tree Roasters and walking in here for a peek became a part of my weekend schedule."  I'm sure someone you know is and this would be a great place to find a couple stocking stuffers for them. The only reason I rounded down on the rating was that the prices were a bit high on everything." I think you find something there for any occasion. I even purchased Thank You cards here for me to give to my interviewers after my interviews. I also got a relatively normal To-Do list here  and I honestly don't think it does a good job explaining just how much different stuff you can find in here. I know that sometimes stores that try to cram too much onto their shelves can seem chaotic and disorganized Lots of collectibles. They have cards and humorous knick knacks. I bought some t shirts and they have fictional places travel posters that are awesome. jwxhi--674LLCnvqJL7SRQ Really unique gifts and great cards.  Staff is friendly.  Prices are slightly high. "This place is great! I stumbled in here while trying to kill time before a cooking demo down the street. I was blown away by the amount of stuff they were able to fit into this little hole in the wall. The cards are hilarious  you go to Kards Unlimited not for the prices but for the insanely cool and geeky atmosphere and to loose yourself in all the wonderful things in this shop!" They also have an awesome cookbook section in the back of the store.  It is a food lovers paradise." I usually just go here for the cafe.  And that is always a good experience!  Super friendly team members and a great selection.  I only gave it four out of five stars because it is a little on the pricey side. I wish more people shopped at book stores as they are all slowly going out of business. This one was nice as all of the Barnes and Nobles I have been at are. The coffee was good if you get one. Nice bright store with a great selection of books and gift ideas. Friendly helpful staff.  Nice place to kill time.  it's really hot?  Turn the A C on folks!  Too hot. Why every time I come in here I'll stick to using the store to browse and for gift ideas for the time being." This location has a Starbucks in the center of the bookstore that really gets packed at times.  It is a popular place for friends to meet for a cup of coffee and a chat."  and that makes it solidly A-OK."  if you can find them. Bathroom is clean-ish."  so it's easy to give any B&N a glowing review.  This one in particular is one of my favorites in the Charlotte area (vs. the locations at Carolina Place Mall and off the corner of Sharon Colony).  The reason being is that it's one level  but hadn't gotten a chance to read one. Barnes and Noble had the Foxfire Christmas book at a reasonable price I guess the point of my review is more about professionalism on the job... Happy with the store as a whole Why would I pay $13 more for a book I could buy from the website- & get free shipping? B&N better wake up & price match.  but goodness... Won't be returning because of rude staff. Was told I wasn't allowed to move a table because they needed to push a cart through fHovFhbYJcy6y4oosMhM_A STR: 2812  REGL 001 TRN: 5460 CSHR: Justin S"  so you can feel good about supporting a local Charlotte business while shopping here. Just a sidenote: they will validate your parking for up to 2 hours! :)"  but that's part of the Bookmark's charm. At least for me."  but this is never a store you'd make a special trip for (and I'm sure the owners are not aiming to be a store that people would head Uptown for).  The selection here is so skimpy that folks who stop by more than once every few months will find options wearing thin (and it's not like some other bookstores that have a thin  locally owned bookstore in Founders Hall right in the middle of Uptown. I sometimes forget it's there unless I have to get a last minute greeting card (they have a wide selection) or if I'm bored at work and just need a break. I like to peruse the different sections of books they offer and they often have sales tables right outside the store. Anytime I've gone "Excellent bookstore! It's refreshing to meet a book person who is so knowledgeable. Cathy helped me find 5 terrific books amongst the vast selection BookMark had to offer. This bookstore is independently operated and a real treasure in Charlotte. My tired feet are evidence that this store is a one-of-a-kind bookstore in this busy city.This is simply the only place around Charlotte with such personalized and helpful ""hands-on"" book sense and no nonsense!" When I walk into a bookstore I like to be inspired to read and I want to be excited by what's on the shelves. I could spend hours in a Barnes & Noble just pulling interesting stuff off the shelves and perusing the pages. There's not really an opportunity for any of that at this place."  this shop is every bit as good in terms of books and customer service.  Park Road Books is one of the few remaining independently owned book stores in Charlotte and it deserves our support.  Due to size It's tiny but they are very friendly and you could order a book and just pick it up by the time you have to go to Harris Teeter or otherwise visit the Park Road Shopping Center again."  this store survives and its whip-smart staff really delivers. If they don't have it  it's refreshing to know that an indy is still around. They've got racks of books outside that will charm you and entice you to come inside  but I managed to find some things I haven't seen in the bigger stores.  They had a lot more books of short stories than the other stores.  Which I love because you get to see your favorite authors outside of their usual series and try out  new authors at the same time.  I will definitely be back to see what's new." I am coming back in a couple of days (Sept. 13th) for Henry Bull  it makes up for this with its better browsing ability & excellent personal service. If you're an avid book fan & you're looking for a nice atmosphere to peruse  journals and other gifts.  I love that they have a big jigsaw puzzle on a table with chairs around it if you want to sit down and work on it while someone else is shopping." Finding Park Road Books made for a good stop. The employees were friendly and we felt no pressure to buy anything. Stop by and browse and you may find something you didn't even know you were looking for  it's a well-picked selection that seems to always have what I am looking for.  I have found that emailing this bookstore and having them hold books works more quickly and is generally easier than using Amazon.  Nice browsing selection if you don't know what you want  they usually have carts of formerly leased books from public libraries for $3-$5.  These titles are usually last year's bestsellers that public libraries take out circulation once the demand decreases.  If you've got time to kill or money to blow  independent bookstore! I ventured in here for the first time a few days ago and will definitely be back. It's a nice change of pace from the over-sized mega bookstores out there and has a nice  large for a small store!  Still able to compete with the Big-in-name stores.  This a Charming bookstore I'm so glad they are still in the game!  Extremely helpful and friendly staff!"  but if the person who chooses the stock is sympatico then you will always be able to find something good there.  Such is the case with Park Road Books.  I even look up books on Amazon and buy them at Park Road because I don't want them to meet the sad fate of other indie bookstores."  not to mention keeping your money in the city. With all the author signings  so it was $58. Make sure they put you in their system. Friendly people and good seating area to lounge in in the back."  and nice sitting area to read a couple snippets.   Staff is friendly and they can order a book for you if one isn't available or instock yet.  Beware of the mystery aisle  journals or small gifts you should check here first. The staff is super helpful and have their own recommendation section for books. Great way to support local business!"  support a local bookstore!"  after calling every day since last Friday has reached out to me. The customer service is not what I expected. These books were needed last Friday for a class that meets on Mondays.  I will be two weeks behind since they will not come in until this Monday. This is unacceptable. If I had known that All I have to do is call and the staff will order a book for me (if they don't have it in stock) and a few days later they call to tell me it's in! How easy is that? It's like on-line shopping but instead of buying from a huge national conglomerate Amazon is easier. Barnes & Noble is too. But this store is a gem that deserves our patronage There is a cute sitting area in the back which is surrounded by children's books. I was only there to browse this time but I can see myself returning next time I want to purchase a new book." I asked them for help looking for a gift and they immediately set out searching their stacks for the book or something similar. They always have cute little gift ideas."  eclectic selection with a great selection of signed copies." The one thing I'm sad about that I can no longer find at B&Ns nationwide are pop-out maps for cities to which I travel.  I now have to buy them from Amazon.com.  Sigh..." 8NnFve6QYvTNjrhVc-sepQ 8NnFve6QYvTNjrhVc-sepQ  but I imagine that's because the store is huge. You'll probably find what you're looking for here and if not they'll be happy to place an order and get it shipped to you. The only thing I'm sad about at this store is the fact that I have an iPad instead of a nook for reading because then I'd have an excuse to flirt with the cute guy at the nook customer service station."  as if I'm doing something suspicious.  I also feel like the staff sometimes get nervous when customers are spending too much time walking around the store and not sitting in either the cafeteria or the chairs.  Maybe this is the way that people who steal from bookstores act.  I don't know.  All I know is that I'm not a thief and unless the alarm goes off when I exit the store there's no reason to suspect me of anything." Parking is a bit of a pain - there just aren't that many spots!" You'll also find a smattering of comfy chairs to grab a seat and read for a bit  Barnes & Noble. You own that spot and own it well." I could spend an afternoon in a place like this." My only real complaint with this location is a convoluted parking lot and no traffic light when exiting onto a busy road." "Horrible customer service. The lady working the cs desk is very short and not very helpful when it comes to looking up something (maybe she doesn't know how to use a computer). From now on "Stopped by before dropping my sister off at the airport. I love killing time in a book store. It's fun to browse the sections and skim through a few pages of books I wouldn't have normally seen since I shop on amazon for most everything in the book world. This location has limited parking  tomorrow most likely."  I've always been able to find everything I've needed. I have a Nook so I can read books in store (up to an hour if not paid for) but like to peruse the shelves to scan to my Goodreads app books I might want to read later  reading.  Usually he's wearing the same plaid flannel shirt.  He seems friendly and if you start looking at the running books too long All in all a great place to kill some time or buy a book."  even though I walked out with no book and no Starbucks points. But as rarely as I walk into a bookstore "I special ordered a 2014 calendar from this store and they never called me to tell me it was not available or anything. Once again I love how big this barnes and nobles is! I was able to find everything quickly and employees were available of I needed it. I am see myself spending a lot of time here even if it's just to grab a coffee at the cafe. Of you're a b&n member you get a discount on Starbucks coffee too! Absolute plus. "This store is ridiculous. They need to hire way more people. I was upstairs trying to find an employee to help for what it seemed as if it took donkey's years. I finally managed to locate someone who happen to be on the phone with someone else  this place is great if you can't wait for 2-day shipping... but gone are the days when I used to hang out at stores like this for hours on end." Oh! And I completely agree with the parking trouble that other Yelpers have... Good luck."  but never offered another possibility of making the sale (I.E. Offering to see if it was at another store or could be shipped to my home). I would only recommend this store to someone seeking exasperated and shirt-tempered employees. What a complete waste of time." Love this place. Plenty of books to chose from and always available. Very close to my neighborhood is a plus  I've had to wait over 20-25mins on a pre-cooked sandwich! I chose to eat there for convenience as I was studying and wanted to save out on time versus go out and pick up from somewhere else. It would have been quicker to eat out and come back instead of waiting on the sandwich. The most recent time  all separated into their various sections.  But the whole wall of romance novels kind of ruined it for me.  In fact there were so many romance novels they had to separate them into sections (historical and modern).  Now I have nothing against romance novels  clerk.  They can hold particular books for you if you're looking for a ""new"" book and they don't have a copy.  I asked them to call me if they got a particular book and they did a few weeks later!  Impressive.  Their book buying policy is convoluted-you get partial store credit and partial cash.  So if you try selling books Used Books!  Most of what they have are used books  The store has been in this location for about a year one of the workers told me.  Many people were bringing in their books to trade - Cool!  I Love used book stores! quite little place with used books. I always find things for my toddler.  but it's a great place to exchange books and find new things.  I highly recommend giving it a try. I know one customer complained about there being too many romance novels and yes there are quite a few but honestly they have lots of other things too!!" BR is a book store for cheap book lovers like me!"  great cause. Love picking up books for my toddler." "I love the Book Rack! I recently moved to Charlotte and was on the hunt for a good used book store. They have a great selection which includes an entire bookcase of my personal favorite genre A whole bevy of helpful ladies always seem ready to help. Trade in your old books for partial credit on new purchases. Get your summer reading now!!"  you're probably better off with amazon. But if you want to poke around for a great find on a pretty Sunday afternoon  trade in my old books and get some new ones!  My son loves the kid book area and I find something for me on every visit.  I could spend a few hours in there.  Truly a great place for book lovers!" Amazing.   One of the best used bookstores in the southeast.   Great organization and aelection.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Prices were great.  A must stop for book lovers in Charlotte Stopped in here while on a business training trip to North Carolina. Tons of books to look through. If only i had more time to browse (person i was with not that into books). Great looking store and tons of used books in decent condition (from what I looked at). Couldn't recommend this place more to fellow book lovers."  but there's a book I wanted and there were a million used copies on Amazon. I wanted it right away Pretty good used book store.  Lots of books.  A little pricey in my opinion. I've had good experiences with one clerk who was very helpful and friendly.  clean adult store open 24 hours.  They have a gigantic collection of the typical dildos and videos.  They also have ""viewing booths"" and the staff is friendly.  However they don't have a big selection of anything else you may be looking for.  No Kama Sutra products This place would be better -- and I'm sure they would make more money -- if they got rid of the video booths completely and filled the place with a deeper variety of toys and quality smut."  I came home for winter break from my freshman year of college. I met up with some of my friends and we went to RLN out of boredom. (We went to high school only a couple blocks away so we were well aware it existed and was open 24 7). We were shocked to find our Vice Principal (and father of a student we graduated in the same class with) perusing the dirty mags. It was extra Maybe one of these days we'll see what it looks like on the inside... if it's not still closed for inventory."  but I have heard some crazy stories about this particular one. It didn't seem well monitored. I really hate the selection here and the prices are higher than other's. They seemed to have more fetish stuff than Selective though. So I guess there's that. Overall I'd suggest staying away  with used and new options. Reserving books online was definitely a time saver. It has a year round t-shirt deal  but lately I am so far from a fan. I'm now an off campus grad student and I ordered a textbook for class in plenty of time which they decided to not ship because they assumed I would want to pick it up...umm hello check the adress! So I got the book super late and was unable to be prepared for class which My recommendation: email your professors before the semester starts to ask what books you'll need.  Order the books on Amazon or eBay." But cheap when they sell means cheap when they buy back..."  which is something you definitely notice the few days before each semester starts when EVERYONE's buying their textbooks.  Despite the super long looking lines  but not as nice as IBE. I recommend buying online from Amazon Prime or abebooks.com first. I also suggest students use the rewards card TIS offers to gain an addition 10% buyback rate from the standard 55%." "I wish I could give 0 stars. Two days ago I purchased an iClicker here for $57.50 including tax. This afternoon I attempted to return the unopened product with the original receipt. I was told they could offer me $19.00 for it "this is what i would call a sweet book shop.  i have been shopping here since i was a freshman in college...17 years later i still find myself wandering in here when i'm in need of a distraction.  the staff are very helpful and always amaze me when they are able to locate something.  imagine an old building with a zillion floors  while you won't find me there often due to my intolerance for poor organization  there's an attempt at order with amazing rooms from ""Foreign Language"" to ""Science Fiction"" to ""Medieval Lit"".  Jane "I love taking people to Jane Addams for the first time - it reminds me of my first time coming here and the wonder and amazement I felt exploring its 3 floors of books. I always find something unique when I shop here. Apparently it is now under new management - and the place looked more organized than in the past. I think they are working on a computer inventory of books It's now under new ownership but have no fear! They've already done a great job. They've opened up the space a bit more so it's easier to get around but the selection is just as terrific. They're apparently in the process of building a database of the books so one day if you're not feeling like wandering around but are looking for a specific title they'll be able to tell you whether they have it! Not sure they're there yet but they're trying. I'm just so happy none of the charm of the place has been lost. Price-wise most books are decent Though nothing is amazingly cheap the only books you'll find that are marked up are out of print books and even then it's still very reasonable." "I love used book stores and this one didn't disappoint. I stopped in here looking to expand my Nancy Drew collection and scored four books I've been looking for. And they were only $7 each. A total steal! Plus  let me just say that I adore this place. I'm pretty sure this used to be a residential house or something that they converted into used book heaven. There are two and a half floors of just floor to ceiling stacks and shelves of books. It's decently organized The staff is great.  The inventory is mind-blowing  and now I go regularly again. They've told me they are working to electronically catalog all the new works that come in and are slowly getting up the backlog as well. They know their stock and are glad to help you look for something. But  with books piled everywhere.  Cramped narrow allies between the shelves.  Deceivingly large though.  There are three stories of books in all genres.  The owner is great and she will help you find anything you want.  I have found great gifts here as well as stuff I want to read.  A great location downtown  u could disappear with a book into a cozy corner. they have a giant selection. thie only problem was when we checked out it was raining like crazy and the girl asked if we wanted a bag and then when we said yes she gave us a paper bag. old books An unbelievably charming reading nook that offers an extensive and exciting expanse of reading experiences that seems to grow and grow before your eyes as you explore each new floor. "I love this treasure. I would say ""little"" treasure but it isn't little. Jane Adams has a wildly big selection of unique books. The only problem I ever have if going in and deciding on just a couple" My favorite thing about them is that they have a really fantastic book purchasing policy.  You can get a lot of in-store credit for what you have.  Definitely something I have taken advantage of over the years."  definitely the better foreign-language selection than the one in Urbana but poor organization and prices are a bit high."  they used to have a super comfy couch in the second floor but it's been gone for a while now :( you should still find comfy spots around the bookshop to sit down and read a book."  and well you get it. All of them carefully categorized and well decorated but the sense is as if you've ventured through time travel; each room is very unique and has a vibe similar to its titles  most varied used book store I've found in the Valley so far.  If you're looking in the Valley for spiritual/metaphysical/religious sorts of books in the Phoenix area (and there's a few of them there) just south of Meadowbrook Ave. Usually the store is run by Rev. Dr. John Rodgers who is a little strange but that didn't prevent me from shopping but thought the experience was creepy cool none the less." UPDATE: John and Joy closed Alpha Books this past October 21st but; the spirit lives on via  http://blackcatcurios.com/ as well as http://www.aznewage.com/" My partner specifically came here looking for tarot cards which they had in abundance. The ones he ended up liking they had to special order for him  etc. Nice staff. They have psychic readers available for readings. They have some beautiful bound journals in leather for great prices. Not a large place but very pleasant." "I have been here numerous times. Every time ""John"" is there he finds a way to insult either myself or my wife. Dont get me wrong "I am a Magickal Herbalist and this place is THE place to go for all your herbal needs.  The book selection is stellar and Joy is well...a joy.  She is very knowledgeable and more than willing to help you discover your spiritual path.  The only thing that unsettles me a bit is ""Dr."" John.  The creep factor radar was definitely up there.  He practically followed me around the store the entire time I was browsing.  All-in-all a great little treasure trove of metaphysical delights!"  I hope people will support this business in the meantime.  I know I will do so."  but that's not really their fault -- it's the stupid  construction that's been going on since the beginning of time. And the staff is great. Recommended." This store is no longer open.  It's completely empty and nobody is answering the phone or emails either.  the prices are not unreasonably high. But for items that are more widely available on the internet "Visited 12/31/14 by accident as I  brought my kids to the comic store nextdoor. What I found was a fantastically curated large collection of out print and rare books like something one would find in london or paris. There really is nothing like this place in new york  this is a high-end bookstore. The books in the cases start at $1000.00! The books on the shelves are $999.99 and below :-). We did find some books that were signed and/or special or first editions that did not break the bank as low as $8.00  I'm an atheist and wouldn't buy anything for ""spells"" or ""rituals"" but they offer beautiful and interesting items for decoration." "Nice selection of incense and interesting decorations  make a point to visit!" "Fantasia is easily one of my favorite ""new age"" stores in the Valley. The staff is always helpful and glad to see you and the selection is amazing - it's hard to find stores with such a wide variety of statuary. The jewelry and stone collection is also impressive. The attached Northern Winds store has a great selection of books on all topics as well as jewelry and ritual items you can't usually find. I always start here when I'm looking for something."  this place will likely have it for sale Wonderful smelling incense is sold at this place but that's not the only thing they sell.  I can still smell the essence of the incense at home even days after I burned it.   When you walk into Fantasia  you're greeted right away and everyone is very helpful and friendly.  but I cannot comment more on the topic as that wasn't my main interest for going to the store.  I would say it is definitely a worth a look though  friendly staff. Overall a very pleasant experience...but too easy to spend a ton of money due to their great selection!"  willing and wanting to help. Prices are extremely reasonable.  The only thing I haven't tried is one of the readers or psychics but I have heard nothing but amazing things about them." "I love this store. Great crystals "I have been going to this store since 1992. I had moved here from NYC and was used to going to great crystal and magic stores who catered to serious pagans and other healers in the 1980's. this store is the best in phoenix. If you're looking for books Good to know it's there and I'll definitely be sharing the info with friends!"  I go here for the incense. Sometimes I grab so oil since there a bit cheaper here. They always greet you when you come in and have some palm/tarot or whatever reader on duty. I guess its seperate but there is also a tiny bookstore inside. Once in awhile I'm in and out but with all the things they have you can't help but browse it all."  including some herbs. The staff will typically have very good answers to any questions you may have. There are classes available. There are psychic resdings. I keep going back I went here for my first time today and it was beautiful! Staff is easy to talk to and super friendly. They have so many cool things. Great shop for anybody following a spiritual path. They also offer a wide variety of classes that I can't wait to try out. Reasonably priced and comfortable atmosphere. "This is my spot to get some crystals and other metaphysical items.  They have great loose gems and some pure natural essential oils too!  Love the incense and the chakra gems.  Beautiful figurines too - Buddha "Absolutely amazing customer service. The woman there today was so helpful and I really appreciated it! Great selection  and willing to teach me about the extensive collection of minerals  make a point of stopping in and checking it out."  and willing to teach me about the extensive collection of minerals This is a great shop!" SI3pSSDeGcuY2PyJ0BII5A  CA this thanksgiving and enjoyed stopping here. Wide array of spiritual and magical goodies and tools...i did particularly enjoy there used books and crystals as well as there sweet staff. Great energy here" Great place and reasonable prices. The staff is really knowledgeable as well.  so be forewarned! The more expensive stones and decorative pieces are behind glass display cases; and there are some beauties!. They have a great selection of music  and much more. The prices were very reasonable "This place has a very friendly atmosphere. The workers were so sweet and helpful when I was asking questions. They were also very friendly with everyone that came into the shop. There were tons of books to choose from "Great selection of stones and crystals in all shapes and sizes. Knowledgeable staff. The only reason that I'm not giving a 5 star rating is because I wasn't treated too well upon checking out. After being helped with questions about their items by 2 very nice employees  unfortunately on Saturday the poor counter woman was dealing with a rude customer in a busy store. They could use more help. If you go be patient." "Great place for collectors of Egyptian and Norsk items.  They also have great psychic reading specials 20 minutes for $15.00.  I had a female that was struck by lightning survivor give me a reading.  Unique perspective and did not feel like she fed me a bunch of crap.  She also claims to be a pet psychic This is my favorite metaphysical store by far in the state of AZ. Even compared to the shops in Sedona - Fantasias selection of stones and prices can't be beat in my opinion. The staff is super knowledgeable and friendly. They are not pretentious like many other metaphysical related stores can be. They also have a nice magick herb section. I feel good about spending my energy and money here. I can't say that about many other metaphysical stores. "This was a cute and fun place. The staff were extremely helpful and I found great sage sticks  all of which fairly priced.  This is my go-to store when I am looking for a specialty stone or need a large quantity of stones for grids and gifting.  It is also the only place we were able to find amber teething necklaces for my nephew.  They also have a variety of other items It's not as large as most Barnes & Noble but they are affiliated so your membership card will work here too AND they can get anything any Barnes & Noble can. Its smaller size  and little gifts that are perfect for a belated birthday gift.  Ahem.  They have a decent selection of cards which is also helpful.  Also Sorry they just closed  darn economy"  I'm not sure but the prices are always reasonable.  Most of the time I always know what book I'm going to buy when I walk in but sometimes I just want to roam around and find something unexpected.  Bookstar is the perfect size for roaming.  I've come to realize that I can't handle all the variety of the larger bookstores.  I get overwhelmed by all the options and I make rash decisions then end up loathing my purchase.  Bookstar is never crowded.  You can always find parking in one of the first couple of spots.  Sometimes less is more and Bookstar is the perfect example of that." A big selling point for this location is that it is in the Town and Country mall so you get to walk along on the cobblestone walkway everywhere. It is not a big bookstore but maybe that is what your looking for. They do sell nice gifts for that bookworm in your life (me!) and is overall an okay shopping experience.  though. I was there for a 1/2 hour - even carrying around what i REALLY wanted to buy - and not  one person said a word to me."  too though. And a wee bit overpriced. I might have stayed longer So I am a snob for shopping at a small unique bookstore with merchandise that isn't typical.  Quality means more to me than quantity.  I find quality at Book Gallery.  Check it out!" I had a lovely game of when-was-it-printed judging only by a given tome's binding one Saturday afternoon at this location.  The constant discoveries of interest kept the game going for at least two hours!" Prices are very fair for the kinds of books they have."  but very fair for the quality and rarity of what's offered in this store.  Many of the books are out of print vintage treasures you're just not going to find elsewhere in town aside from the sister Book Gallery on main street in Mesa I continued looking and the man came running over to me and told me in a very harsh tone that the books in that area were not to be looked at. The area I was in just looked like a regular part of the store and there was nothing stating that the section was off limits. The man was so rude and so hysterical that it completely embarrassed me and made me feel like I was doing something terribly wrong. I told the man that he should rope off any areas he didn't want the customers to look at and he agreed. But I left feeling very angry and embarrassed and didn't purchase the books that I had intended to buy."  call the owner and he'll tell you if he has it in stock or where you'll most likely find it!" I went here to get a birthday book for a friend and walked out with 2 huge stacks of books for less than $100!  I got mostly cookbooks and the quality was great as was the prices.  I have a book addiction and am running out of space on my bookshelves but I will be back!  signed by Frank Herbert! I was ready to sign over my first-born on the spot. The only thing that kept that beautiful book off my shelf was the afore-mentioned husband  and a collection of Wallace Stegner short stories that I had never seen before. Maybe the next time I get a bonus I'll blow part of it here."  a polyglot record of civilization for the lover of gilt edges and marbled end papers.  If it's not in stock Mike's got a stack of ""Books Wanted"" requests.  He'll do his best to find it." The selection of rare books is really quite amazing. I have to give a shout-out to the man who helped me  the peaceful ambience of the store was suddenly shattered by the sound of the guy at the desk  screaming ""DON'T TOUCH THOSE BOOKS!  THOSE BOOKS AREN'T ON SHELVES!  Well then why are they stacked up here with no indication that they're off limits?  And as for shelves "Best selection of used books in the valley. Found a signed leather bound copy of No Exit here as well as an obscure book I've been looking for. Call beforehand to see if they have what you're looking for  I will make sure to stop by the book gallery."  it is usually laughable and can be eye-rolled off. Because of the constantly changing selection it is a place to visit often. It also happens to be placed in between a coffee shop and a bar with a nice patio to read on."  I can spend hours there looking through their selection and I support local bookshops as they have a hard time today."  not just bargain bin stuff but first print rarities and a huge selection of books spanning all genres.  There is something for you here - I highly recommend spending an afternoon browsing the store and buying a few books.  The owner is helpful without being intrusive If your are looking for a small cafe and bookstore to hang out with some friends or just relax in yourself than this location is perfect. It stays nice and quiet and there is usually a musician of the night offering some free entertainment on the weekends.Get your read on for free and enjoy some delicious coffee.  you get coupons on a regular basis - which reminds me: today I have a coupon for 40% off any item in the store - now  but if you sign up for their great discount card plan you get a 10% discount! and free shipping on online orders! how awesome is that?"  months....maybe a year would cost you 30 bucks....so naturally you figure if you get 20% off the book you would save yourself 7 bucks or so right. Well that is normally true but now all of sudden that book is 40 bucks and 20% off then sends it right back to the 30 dollar price you have been seeing it for all along.....and in fact with tax it will be a lot more than that. So just be careful and watch for that people but continue to Eat I am certainly saddened that this location is no longer available." "I drove by this location earlier today and was a little sad that they were closed for good... then I realized 