 and they are open until 11pm.  What more could you want?  Why an APPLE PURSE of course!  And a nice Earl Gray tea thrown in for good measure.  Wow...I love this place.  I am such a nerd...only a nerd would enjoy going to a book store and reading as much as I do.  The extra amenities just make it that much more enjoyable."  and the prices are pretty reasonable.  Obviously it's hard for them to compete with Amazon.  However since all the small shop bookstores are gone They could use more chairs."  and they have plenty of books that'll help you pass the time."  but I'd rather buy my books from a place that has more knowledge about the merchandise they are selling than a national chain like this." I really hope this store stays here for some.  The prices are also fair and often have great discounts." HwwEfnZKLNOUoqfgcwAgcQ B&N is more of a hangout spot with books in case you want to buy one right there and then. But everything is kind of confusing you always need to ask where something is. I'd rather shop online for anything i really want. It's just not worth it to buy it wholesale." A little band was singing and playing a variety of instruments while I was here. I wasn't very impressed until I realized that they were high school kids. I thought it as really nice that Barnes & Noble would let them perform in the store... and a great way for B&N to get a lot of their family members in the store Parking: the location is within a shopping area..so I wouldn't say it has it's own private lot per se It's a convenient location to come in and kill some time like others have mentioned. There's a lot to find in there so come back and browse!" This Barnes and Noble carries on a long history of excellence. They always have an extensive selection and a friendly staff that is willing to find what ever book you are seeking." The Nook section is pretty much right when you walk in through the main entrance.  I do like this store however I wonder how long it will exist with everything like Amazon and e-Readers changing how people get their material these days." Went to Barnes and Noble Waterfront with 3 books on my list.       First one there were several books by the same name so they wanted the name of the author.  Went to look it up on my phone.....Barnes and Noble wifi had blocked me.  Wanted me to sign it and allow them access to my information....NOT.  Long story short they only had one of the 3 books I was looking for and it was $4 less on Amazon....Lost this customer. Their food is amazing. They have a deal that you can get a soup and salad for 6.95! Also they have drinks from Starbucks and deserts from the cheesecake factory. What I'm eating right now is the tomato caprese which is delicious and their soup which is homemade chicken noodle soup which is awesome and the tiramisu cup which I never had before. You should try it if you're in the waterfront in homestead.  it was not very appropriate to see a bunch of staff standing around the middle of the store while there are a lot of customers around." They also have an awesome cookbook section in the back of the store.  It is a food lovers paradise." I usually just go here for the cafe.  And that is always a good experience!  Super friendly team members and a great selection.  I only gave it four out of five stars because it is a little on the pricey side. I wish more people shopped at book stores as they are all slowly going out of business. This one was nice as all of the Barnes and Nobles I have been at are. The coffee was good if you get one. Nice bright store with a great selection of books and gift ideas. Friendly helpful staff.  Nice place to kill time.  it's really hot?  Turn the A C on folks!  Too hot. Why every time I come in here  so you can feel good about supporting a local Charlotte business while shopping here. Just a sidenote: they will validate your parking for up to 2 hours! :)"  but that's part of the Bookmark's charm. At least for me."  but this is never a store you'd make a special trip for (and I'm sure the owners are not aiming to be a store that people would head Uptown for).  The selection here is so skimpy that folks who stop by more than once every few months will find options wearing thin (and it's not like some other bookstores that have a thin  locally owned bookstore in Founders Hall right in the middle of Uptown. I sometimes forget it's there unless I have to get a last minute greeting card (they have a wide selection) or if I'm bored at work and just need a break. I like to peruse the different sections of books they offer and they often have sales tables right outside the store. Anytime I've gone "Excellent bookstore! It's refreshing to meet a book person who is so knowledgeable. Cathy helped me find 5 terrific books amongst the vast selection BookMark had to offer. This bookstore is independently operated and a real treasure in Charlotte. My tired feet are evidence that this store is a one-of-a-kind bookstore in this busy city.This is simply the only place around Charlotte with such personalized and helpful ""hands-on"" book sense and no nonsense!" When I walk into a bookstore I like to be inspired to read and I want to be excited by what's on the shelves. I could spend hours in a Barnes & Noble just pulling interesting stuff off the shelves and perusing the pages. There's not really an opportunity for any of that at this place."  this shop is every bit as good in terms of books and customer service.  Park Road Books is one of the few remaining independently owned book stores in Charlotte and it deserves our support.  Due to size It's tiny but they are very friendly and you could order a book and just pick it up by the time you have to go to Harris Teeter or otherwise visit the Park Road Shopping Center again."  this store survives and its whip-smart staff really delivers. If they don't have it  it's refreshing to know that an indy is still around. They've got racks of books outside that will charm you and entice you to come inside  but I managed to find some things I haven't seen in the bigger stores.  They had a lot more books of short stories than the other stores.  Which I love because you get to see your favorite authors outside of their usual series and try out  new authors at the same time.  I will definitely be back to see what's new." I am coming back in a couple of days (Sept. 13th) for Henry Bull  it makes up for this with its better browsing ability & excellent personal service. If you're an avid book fan & you're looking for a nice atmosphere to peruse  journals and other gifts.  I love that they have a big jigsaw puzzle on a table with chairs around it if you want to sit down and work on it while someone else is shopping." Finding Park Road Books made for a good stop. The employees were friendly and we felt no pressure to buy anything. Stop by and browse and you may find something you didn't even know you were looking for  it's a well-picked selection that seems to always have what I am looking for.  I have found that emailing this bookstore and having them hold books works more quickly and is generally easier than using Amazon.  Nice browsing selection if you don't know what you want  they usually have carts of formerly leased books from public libraries for $3-$5.  These titles are usually last year's bestsellers that public libraries take out circulation once the demand decreases.  If you've got time to kill or money to blow  independent bookstore! I ventured in here for the first time a few days ago and will definitely be back. It's a nice change of pace from the over-sized mega bookstores out there and has a nice  large for a small store!  Still able to compete with the Big-in-name stores.  This a Charming bookstore I'm so glad they are still in the game!  Extremely helpful and friendly staff!"  but if the person who chooses the stock is sympatico then you will always be able to find something good there.  Such is the case with Park Road Books.  I even look up books on Amazon and buy them at Park Road because I don't want them to meet the sad fate of other indie bookstores."  not to mention keeping your money in the city. With all the author signings  so it was $58. Make sure they put you in their system. Friendly people and good seating area to lounge in in the back."  and nice sitting area to read a couple snippets.   Staff is friendly and they can order a book for you if one isn't available or instock yet.  Beware of the mystery aisle  journals or small gifts you should check here first. The staff is super helpful and have their own recommendation section for books. Great way to support local business!"  support a local bookstore!"  after calling every day since last Friday has reached out to me. The customer service is not what I expected. These books were needed last Friday for a class that meets on Mondays.  I will be two weeks behind since they will not come in until this Monday. This is unacceptable. If I had known that All I have to do is call and the staff will order a book for me (if they don't have it in stock) and a few days later they call to tell me it's in! How easy is that? It's like on-line shopping but instead of buying from a huge national conglomerate Amazon is easier. Barnes & Noble is too. But this store is a gem that deserves our patronage There is a cute sitting area in the back which is surrounded by children's books. I was only there to browse this time but I can see myself returning next time I want to purchase a new book." I asked them for help looking for a gift and they immediately set out searching their stacks for the book or something similar. They always have cute little gift ideas."  eclectic selection with a great selection of signed copies." The one thing I'm sad about that I can no longer find at B&Ns nationwide are pop-out maps for cities to which I travel.  I now have to buy them from Amazon.com.  Sigh..." 8NnFve6QYvTNjrhVc-sepQ 8NnFve6QYvTNjrhVc-sepQ  but I imagine that's because the store is huge. You'll probably find what you're looking for here and if not they'll be happy to place an order and get it shipped to you. The only thing I'm sad about at this store is the fact that I have an iPad instead of a nook for reading because then I'd have an excuse to flirt with the cute guy at the nook customer service station."  as if I'm doing something suspicious.  I also feel like the staff sometimes get nervous when customers are spending too much time walking around the store and not sitting in either the cafeteria or the chairs.  Maybe this is the way that people who steal from bookstores act.  I don't know.  All I know is that I'm not a thief and unless the alarm goes off when I exit the store there's no reason to suspect me of anything." Parking is a bit of a pain - there just aren't that many spots!" You'll also find a smattering of comfy chairs to grab a seat and read for a bit  Barnes & Noble. You own that spot and own it well." I could spend an afternoon in a place like this." My only real complaint with this location is a convoluted parking lot and no traffic light when exiting onto a busy road." "Horrible customer service. The lady working the cs desk is very short and not very helpful when it comes to looking up something (maybe she doesn't know how to use a computer). From now on "Stopped by before dropping my sister off at the airport. I love killing time in a book store. It's fun to browse the sections and skim through a few pages of books I wouldn't have normally seen since I shop on amazon for most everything in the book world. This location has limited parking  tomorrow most likely."  I've always been able to find everything I've needed. I have a Nook so I can read books in store (up to an hour if not paid for) but like to peruse the shelves to scan to my Goodreads app books I might want to read later  reading.  Usually he's wearing the same plaid flannel shirt.  He seems friendly and if you start looking at the running books too long All in all a great place to kill some time or buy a book."  even though I walked out with no book and no Starbucks points. But as rarely as I walk into a bookstore "I special ordered a 2014 calendar from this store and they never called me to tell me it was not available or anything. Once again I love how big this barnes and nobles is! I was able to find everything quickly and employees were available of I needed it. I am see myself spending a lot of time here even if it's just to grab a coffee at the cafe. Of you're a b&n member you get a discount on Starbucks coffee too! Absolute plus. "This store is ridiculous. They need to hire way more people. I was upstairs trying to find an employee to help for what it seemed as if it took donkey's years. I finally managed to locate someone who happen to be on the phone with someone else  this place is great if you can't wait for 2-day shipping... but gone are the days when I used to hang out at stores like this for hours on end." Oh! And I completely agree with the parking trouble that other Yelpers have... Good luck."  but never offered another possibility of making the sale (I.E. Offering to see if it was at another store or could be shipped to my home). I would only recommend this store to someone seeking exasperated and shirt-tempered employees. What a complete waste of time." Love this place. Plenty of books to chose from and always available. Very close to my neighborhood is a plus  I've had to wait over 20-25mins on a pre-cooked sandwich! I chose to eat there for convenience as I was studying and wanted to save out on time versus go out and pick up from somewhere else. It would have been quicker to eat out and come back instead of waiting on the sandwich. The most recent time  all separated into their various sections.  But the whole wall of romance novels kind of ruined it for me.  In fact there were so many romance novels they had to separate them into sections (historical and modern).  Now I have nothing against romance novels  clerk.  They can hold particular books for you if you're looking for a ""new"" book and they don't have a copy.  I asked them to call me if they got a particular book and they did a few weeks later!  Impressive.  Their book buying policy is convoluted-you get partial store credit and partial cash.  So if you try selling books Used Books!  Most of what they have are used books  The store has been in this location for about a year one of the workers told me.  Many people were bringing in their books to trade - Cool!  I Love used book stores! quite little place with used books. I always find things for my toddler.  but it's a great place to exchange books and find new things.  I highly recommend giving it a try. I know one customer complained about there being too many romance novels and yes there are quite a few but honestly they have lots of other things too!!" BR is a book store for cheap book lovers like me!"  great cause. Love picking up books for my toddler." "I love the Book Rack! I recently moved to Charlotte and was on the hunt for a good used book store. They have a great selection which includes an entire bookcase of my personal favorite genre A whole bevy of helpful ladies always seem ready to help. Trade in your old books for partial credit on new purchases. Get your summer reading now!!"  you're probably better off with amazon. But if you want to poke around for a great find on a pretty Sunday afternoon  trade in my old books and get some new ones!  My son loves the kid book area and I find something for me on every visit.  I could spend a few hours in there.  Truly a great place for book lovers!" Amazing.   One of the best used bookstores in the southeast.   Great organization and aelection.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Prices were great.  A must stop for book lovers in Charlotte Stopped in here while on a business training trip to North Carolina. Tons of books to look through. If only i had more time to browse (person i was with not that into books). Great looking store and tons of used books in decent condition (from what I looked at). Couldn't recommend this place more to fellow book lovers."  but there's a book I wanted and there were a million used copies on Amazon. I wanted it right away Pretty good used book store.  Lots of books.  A little pricey in my opinion. I've had good experiences with one clerk who was very helpful and friendly.  the music they're playing is some of the most god-awful foreign jazz stuff." "I will never do business with any Half Price Books store again after my experiences with the staff at this store. I have been here multiple times and have yet to find someone who is polite or pleasant to talk to. When I asked for help trying to find the cooking section I was told ""Why don't you just read the signs?"" I tried to sell a nonfiction manual and was told it was out of date even though it was the most current edition available. When I tried to protest the woman at the counter told me she ""clearly knows more about this"" than I do. I came back a few weeks later to sell another manual that had ICDM on the front and the girl actually tried to tell me that meant there was a CD that was supposed to go with it. I tried one more time to sell some novels and after the clerk gave me a pay slip he threw my book in the garbage right in front of me. I also tried to sell a like new condition $30.00 novel only to be offered a dollar for it. I asked why and was told ""it's a short book."" I have never encountered anyone here who didn't make it very obvious that it is a waste of their time to serve customers. Even when I greet them with a smile and say ""excuse me  yet a large majority of their books are in almost new shape. Great selection. The last 4-5 times I went to Barns n Nobel at east town and found a book I wanted  copies will go on super sale. I once got 10 of 13 books in a series from the sale rack for less than half the price that 2 other sets of the same series were going for on the main shelves. It's always good to check if you're looking for a specific book." "This place is making me a cookbook hoarder! Helpful Staff. Great deals on books that aren't even an a year old. All in good condition. Everything is categorize for easy finding. They even have music items  they've always been helpful.  Keep up the good work HPBs!" "I really miss this store!  I miss this chain!  I lived in Madison several years ago and would come here often with my parents.  They have a wonderful selection on paper backs  a hilariously dated sci-fi book about the future of gaming from the 80s by Melissa Scott  but at seven to ten dollars for a paperback I might as well just buy something new. What I've been offered for buys is also on the extremely low end considering what they're going to turn around and price the books at. I brought in several best-selling hardcovers for my mom that were in nearly new condition (you'd never know someone had touched them aside from finding them in a resale shop) and I got less than $5 for items that would retail for $200+ new "LOVE this place! Everyone is so friendly and helpful. I can spend hours in here just looking at things that I don't need. I currently have five books that I'm reading and yet I always walk out with with something to add to my ""to read"" collection. They have a great selection here and I have been lucky enough to find every single book on my list so far." I built up my book collection with HPB but now good finds are really getting thin. I stop in every month because they get new books in and it might be one thats on my ever growing list." "I found an original Jimi Hendrix ""The Jimi Hendrix Experience"" album in the bargain section of the vinyls for $1!!!! The cover is worn but It plays beautifully!!!!"  you name it! I always go in meaning to be there for a few minutes but end up with a pretty big handful of things." "I love this store. Been to them in AZ as well and the feeling inside is the same. Lots and lots of titles to browse. If you need help with finding an item help is there for the asking. I love that the help leaves you alone to browse and don't hover. I read a lot of Sci Fi and Fantasy  the only other places I can think of are PrePlayed or Half-Price Books for older cartridge based games. I usually hang around to talk and bring in super random gaming goods to sell or trade! Highly recommended! Believe It!" "It' where you should go to buy and sell games.  Avoid Gamestop and the other chains.  Keep this guy in business.  He isn't always able to buy your stuff  and shoots straight from the hip when it comes to recommending a game. He commented on my fiance's tattoo one time she was in there and sparked a great conversation. He can be a bit caught up in his work if he gets to doing something  most varied used book store I've found in the Valley so far.  If you're looking in the Valley for spiritual/metaphysical/religious sorts of books in the Phoenix area (and there's a few of them there) just south of Meadowbrook Ave. Usually the store is run by Rev. Dr. John Rodgers who is a little strange but that didn't prevent me from shopping but thought the experience was creepy cool none the less." UPDATE: John and Joy closed Alpha Books this past October 21st but; the spirit lives on via  http://blackcatcurios.com/ as well as http://www.aznewage.com/" My partner specifically came here looking for tarot cards which they had in abundance. The ones he ended up liking they had to special order for him  etc. Nice staff. They have psychic readers available for readings. They have some beautiful bound journals in leather for great prices. Not a large place but very pleasant." "I have been here numerous times. Every time ""John"" is there he finds a way to insult either myself or my wife. Dont get me wrong "I am a Magickal Herbalist and this place is THE place to go for all your herbal needs.  The book selection is stellar and Joy is well...a joy.  She is very knowledgeable and more than willing to help you discover your spiritual path.  The only thing that unsettles me a bit is ""Dr."" John.  The creep factor radar was definitely up there.  He practically followed me around the store the entire time I was browsing.  All-in-all a great little treasure trove of metaphysical delights!"  I hope people will support this business in the meantime.  I know I will do so."  but that's not really their fault -- it's the stupid  construction that's been going on since the beginning of time. And the staff is great. Recommended." This store is no longer open.  It's completely empty and nobody is answering the phone or emails either.  lube and toys. Oh the toys...It's a great place to get a quick gift for a fellow sistah. The greeting cards are fantastic. Lots of undies and swimwear (WAY overpriced!). And hordes of really bad clothing. Think tight mesh shirts with really bad pleather pants. What is this Fire Island 1979? All in all I like to support this type of store. Plus there's always the sleazy element of cruising. The tshirts are fun. Staff is helpful and friendly. They're always playing thumping  with lots of emphasis on alcoholism and dysfunctional families. Perfect for me and mine." 4sIK_74UwkKU9YQXIfgCdg  the prices are not unreasonably high. But for items that are more widely available on the internet "Visited 12/31/14 by accident as I  brought my kids to the comic store nextdoor. What I found was a fantastically curated large collection of out print and rare books like something one would find in london or paris. There really is nothing like this place in new york  this is a high-end bookstore. The books in the cases start at $1000.00! The books on the shelves are $999.99 and below :-). We did find some books that were signed and/or special or first editions that did not break the bank as low as $8.00 It's not as large as most Barnes & Noble but they are affiliated so your membership card will work here too AND they can get anything any Barnes & Noble can. Its smaller size  and little gifts that are perfect for a belated birthday gift.  Ahem.  They have a decent selection of cards which is also helpful.  Also Sorry they just closed  darn economy"  I'm not sure but the prices are always reasonable.  Most of the time I always know what book I'm going to buy when I walk in but sometimes I just want to roam around and find something unexpected.  Bookstar is the perfect size for roaming.  I've come to realize that I can't handle all the variety of the larger bookstores.  I get overwhelmed by all the options and I make rash decisions then end up loathing my purchase.  Bookstar is never crowded.  You can always find parking in one of the first couple of spots.  Sometimes less is more and Bookstar is the perfect example of that." A big selling point for this location is that it is in the Town and Country mall so you get to walk along on the cobblestone walkway everywhere. It is not a big bookstore but maybe that is what your looking for. They do sell nice gifts for that bookworm in your life (me!) and is overall an okay shopping experience. Border's isn't evil or tyrannical or malevolent but it is present and pervasive. Wherever you are  purses etc? It's a maze of epic proportions. The signage is everywhere. Hanging from the ceiling. Plastered on the wall. Signs on the register. Too much clutter makes me run out. So "This is one of the best Borders locations I've been to. It is located in Biltmore Fashion Park facing Camelback. The store is two stories and has a huge selection of books  it wants to go to Borders again. I can just feel it. Maybe I'll be real nice and take it there today..." Great place all in all to spend some 'alone' time."  always nice to walk through while walking OFF a big meal next door at Cheesecake Factory.  Good digs!" N_TlJCR5AkZhmrCDqbm2tQ  I had to wait 5 full mins before drinking it.  When I picked the cup also thought it was very light.  The cup was only 3/4 filled? WTF?  The drink was good but the service and quantity in the cup was a totally disappointment."  there's no way you could leave empty handed! Plus there have been some amazing events lately including free performances by the AZ Opera and Phoenix Symphony! Famous profiles have been booking their signings there too including Giuliana and Bill Rancic Another spot where I like to go study and check out some fresh or not so fresh material... The upstairs lounge chairs are addictive... I'll keep to the musty halls of Bookmans and Half Price Books  but mainly for those who can't hear the echoes of the crowds that used to inhabit it."  will miss it since it's going bye bye due to bankrupcy."  except I have to find another book store. Although this store is going out of business Goodbye Borders at Biltmore. I sure will miss you. Thank you for the great sales this month. Books are 40-80 percent off if you want to indulge before they shut their doors for good. This place is going out of business. I have taken advantage of the 50% to 60% off on books.  though. I was there for a 1/2 hour - even carrying around what i REALLY wanted to buy - and not  one person said a word to me."  too though. And a wee bit overpriced. I might have stayed longer So I am a snob for shopping at a small unique bookstore with merchandise that isn't typical.  Quality means more to me than quantity.  I find quality at Book Gallery.  Check it out!" I had a lovely game of when-was-it-printed judging only by a given tome's binding one Saturday afternoon at this location.  The constant discoveries of interest kept the game going for at least two hours!" Prices are very fair for the kinds of books they have."  but very fair for the quality and rarity of what's offered in this store.  Many of the books are out of print vintage treasures you're just not going to find elsewhere in town aside from the sister Book Gallery on main street in Mesa I continued looking and the man came running over to me and told me in a very harsh tone that the books in that area were not to be looked at. The area I was in just looked like a regular part of the store and there was nothing stating that the section was off limits. The man was so rude and so hysterical that it completely embarrassed me and made me feel like I was doing something terribly wrong. I told the man that he should rope off any areas he didn't want the customers to look at and he agreed. But I left feeling very angry and embarrassed and didn't purchase the books that I had intended to buy."  call the owner and he'll tell you if he has it in stock or where you'll most likely find it!" I went here to get a birthday book for a friend and walked out with 2 huge stacks of books for less than $100!  I got mostly cookbooks and the quality was great as was the prices.  I have a book addiction and am running out of space on my bookshelves but I will be back!  signed by Frank Herbert! I was ready to sign over my first-born on the spot. The only thing that kept that beautiful book off my shelf was the afore-mentioned husband  and a collection of Wallace Stegner short stories that I had never seen before. Maybe the next time I get a bonus I'll blow part of it here."  a polyglot record of civilization for the lover of gilt edges and marbled end papers.  If it's not in stock Mike's got a stack of ""Books Wanted"" requests.  He'll do his best to find it." The selection of rare books is really quite amazing. I have to give a shout-out to the man who helped me  the peaceful ambience of the store was suddenly shattered by the sound of the guy at the desk  screaming ""DON'T TOUCH THOSE BOOKS!  THOSE BOOKS AREN'T ON SHELVES!  Well then why are they stacked up here with no indication that they're off limits?  And as for shelves "Best selection of used books in the valley. Found a signed leather bound copy of No Exit here as well as an obscure book I've been looking for. Call beforehand to see if they have what you're looking for  I will make sure to stop by the book gallery."  it is usually laughable and can be eye-rolled off. Because of the constantly changing selection it is a place to visit often. It also happens to be placed in between a coffee shop and a bar with a nice patio to read on."  I can spend hours there looking through their selection and I support local bookshops as they have a hard time today."  not just bargain bin stuff but first print rarities and a huge selection of books spanning all genres.  There is something for you here - I highly recommend spending an afternoon browsing the store and buying a few books.  The owner is helpful without being intrusive "This is one of my favorite places to shop.  You can always find great book bargains "I love Half Price Books! The store is much more small and intimate than most large scale bookstores in Phoenix.  The store reminds me of a personal library someone put together rather than a place aimed at selling selling selling. Most the books Half Price sells are used Love this store - especially their clearance section. I use to shop here all the time when i lived close by. Its a smaller book store but you can find books at some of the best prices in town. I often have payed just one dollar for books by great authors. If you love books and like them cheap this is a place to check out. They do have an awesome $1 clearance section with a shit load of awesome books. If you are a Dean Koontz fan "This store is my new obsession.  I go to the one by Target in Paradise Valley.  I can spend an hour in there  nature and some technology.  I also love stopping in there so I can grab those free bookmarks they have at the register.  Also have a cd  but you'd be getting rid of them anyway so you might as well reap the 50 cents and put it toward your next purchase. Wonderful place to kill an entire afternoon."  the store is very clean and organized and overall a fantastic book store!"  etc.  this is the place...."  not to mention they have a great selection of regularly priced used books... have even found deeply discounted new books in the front part of the PV store.  But by far I enjoy the clearance section the most-- I head straight back there usually Looking forward to my next trip in."  great prices especially on classical literature and history.  Good for home schoolers needing unabridged copies of books." Perhaps HalfPrice Books would do well to offer a tiered trade in program.  If they do not wish to part with their ""cash money""- continue offering a pittance in cash  small place that packs the books Records and so much more into one lovable place.  These stores are few now so the ones that are left should be appreciated.  I hope I don't ever have to explain to a young kid what a book store was like." My father-in-law had run in to the same problems  especially children's book and comics.  I also like the superstation one for it's record selection.  I haven't find specific attractions for me at Camelback bookstore check out their architecture or photography sections. you can get travel books for cheap too!"  I would recommend - other than buying some of their staff a clue - having a ""celiac"" book descriptor somewhere in the shelves. It's nearly impossible to find a book about celiac (and I'm pretty sure there *are* books about celiac) in HBP. Not the best place to go if you're looking for non-fiction books about celiac: lights on  which is what I like to read. I always am able to walk away with 5 titles that look really interesting and are bestsellers. Their new release section also always has some fantastic titles.This is a really great place to get classic books that would be on a high school reading list also  some of the prices are higher than some other places but great selection  these people are such cheapskates it's not even funny. The best they could offer for at least around 60+ dollars of books and video was around $8. Ridiculous  I usually do my buying and selling elsewhere." Mint copies of Essential Pepin (66% off list including the DVD) and Michel Richard Happy In The Kitchen (75% off) and located within walking distance.  I'll be back.  Soon.  Particularly to dig through the vinyl.  you're never rushed and I find something I love every single I visit." Wow!  Nice to see a bookstore that's not too over priced!  The staff was friendly.  I found some unique gifts for the holidays which didn't break the bank.  Lots of used books to choose from and new ones too.  The vinyl section was cool too! The staff was very friendly and I spent about 45 minutes in the store browsing the different sections and reading from various books. There was a coffee and hot chocolate station that I did not take advantage of because I was scared I would have stayed there for hours. From now on I will bee checking out this store first  when I need to purchase a book for their discounted prices without the used book store smell!" Excellent source for vinyl Great location.  Good vinyl record source  VHS (I kid you not) and other electronics and paper products. The best part is that they also buy your old books! Will you get a lot of money for them? No way. Sadly They may not have exactly what you are looking for but it is always worth doing a quick pop in to see. You never know what you may score. Ding! Turn the page."  hard cash. Who doesn't love cash? We recently moved and had a lot of entertainment items we no longer needed/wanted. I decided to try Half Price Books and was pleasantly surprised. They mainly carry books (a whole lotta books) but have some movies  they will rip you off. They will give you 1$ for a hardback book and sell the same one for 20$ the next day. Try Zia record exchange when selling dvds  and I have always found what I needed."  weighed down with the anticipation that you know you're going to get screwed on what they'll pay you. Most of my experiences there have shown the employees to be either a touch condescending Very helpful staff w/ selling and inventory. Will definitely come here again! One of our favorite stores. Great prices. My kids (ages 5-12) love going to this store. It's such a treat to come out with arm loads of books! "This place is just awesome!!  I buy all of my D&D books here and most of my other books too.  The kids section is pretty cool and they have little toys and crafts that you wouldn't find at most other places.  The people who work here are awesome!!  I have never found anyone to be condescending or hard to approach.  Sure  great store with decent prices.  I like to get calendars here because it's a lot less $ than anywhere else.  We also like to root through the vinyl albums and have purchased many.  Make sure you check the condition  I love reading books so any type of book I can get my hands on I'm happy. They have all sorts if authors new and used books. Collectors editions "I love this place! An amazing staff! I can always find something interesting to read and check out. And always what I'm looking for! Movies Side note you can bring your old books in here and get $$ or trade for new ones!" The staff was friendly."  Australia); Sara Gruen's Water For Elephants; Lahaye/Jenkins' Left Behind; Tim Lahaye's Revelations Unveiled; Michael Ondaatje's The English Patient; Alice Sebold's The Almost Moon; Lisa See's Dreams of Joy (hardback); and many more that were in very good condition." I would give this store a five-star review except for one thing that I find very irritating. They are trying to sell a pirated Pink Floyd Saucerful of Secrets record for $150 Plenty of parking and easy to find next to Target." "My new favorite little bookstore! I'm a total instant gratification person and like actually going to the bookstore and browsing rather than ordering online but still like to pay the online price...if you are like me...you will love this place! Great prices   I also bought their book bag  - bib*li*o*ma*ni*ac - for $1. My biggest problem is with donating/selling my books. It's like parting with good friends. If you have not been to Half Price Books - 'try it; you'll like it '. The staff is very helpful." "I love looking around this store. The selection is great Great hidden place for books. Huge variety of books. Usually places like this have older books but the books here were current and in excellent condition. Will be back. Excellent used book store. We must support our book stores. They are disappearing at a very fast rate. Some of our children may never learn to read cursive because they are not teaching it in some schools. Some children are not going to experience music or art because of the same reason. Paper newspapers are declining. I pray that the day never comes when I will not be able to feel the paper of the book I am reading.  etc. you can bring them in here. Staff is always friendly and they have such good selection on books!" If your are looking for a small cafe and bookstore to hang out with some friends or just relax in yourself than this location is perfect. It stays nice and quiet and there is usually a musician of the night offering some free entertainment on the weekends.Get your read on for free and enjoy some delicious coffee.  you get coupons on a regular basis - which reminds me: today I have a coupon for 40% off any item in the store - now  but if you sign up for their great discount card plan you get a 10% discount! and free shipping on online orders! how awesome is that?"  months....maybe a year would cost you 30 bucks....so naturally you figure if you get 20% off the book you would save yourself 7 bucks or so right. Well that is normally true but now all of sudden that book is 40 bucks and 20% off then sends it right back to the 30 dollar price you have been seeing it for all along.....and in fact with tax it will be a lot more than that. So just be careful and watch for that people but continue to Eat I am certainly saddened that this location is no longer available." "I drove by this location earlier today and was a little sad that they were closed for good... then I realized 