 which sells works by local artists. The McGill also does art exhibitions in the garden and its own gallery crawls on select nights. Admission is free and you can take a tour of the garden for just $2."  it's nice to take lunch outdoors there when it's not so freakin' cold."  unless they enjoy staying on gravel paths and looking at roses  and especially for refuge from that awful train!"  tomatoes and beans.  I was told by one of the gardeners that the coal enriched the soil so much everything grows quite quickly and very large.  There are benches along the paths to sit and rest and listen to the many sounds of various birds.  Check out the beautiful benches that were painted by the UMAR art students.  Stop into the gift shop.  They have very affordable and unique gift ideas that would satisfy any outdoor garden enthusiasts.  While in Charlotte  but I usually leave a donation since I appreciate being given the opportunity to enjoy the grounds." It's open during the week (3 days) and Saturdays from 10-4. And they said we're welcome to bring a little picnic." Go see this special place." Parking is easy with a gravel lot right out front.  They also have a few places to rest your feet with bistro tables and benches around." I highly recommend going here." I can only imagine how lovely our day would have been under the sunshine but our event wasn't compromised in the slightest due to the five star team at the garden."  you will love it here. Around mothers day is the best time of year to visit  and a little magical...just because many don't know it exists.  There are little benches and places to sit and just enjoy the scenery.  Love this place."  great for summer to see all the flowers. The gift shop is excellent for any (particularly female) gift occasion. Just a great place to go. Would be great for a date." Olbrich is in a nice area of Madison - close to Lake Monona."  and certainly helps that it's free admission. Very enjoyable place  and it being free admission (did I say that already?)" Thank you and goodnight." Q3GGB4ZMajP-Qmtdr1cVZw Q3GGB4ZMajP-Qmtdr1cVZw The only downside: the inevitable disrespectful patrons. Particularly when it comes to the Thai Pavilion. Usually this means people with kids I cannot recommend this beautiful sanctuary enough" Amazing free thing to do in Madison. Wonderful space. I cannot believe it is free. It is truly a gem of Madison. The history and story behind the Thai Pavilion is remarkable and it's a can't miss. Just keep your grubby little paws off of it if you want it to stick around...  and a great place to stop if you're biking around lake monona. Its super large and super green Q3GGB4ZMajP-Qmtdr1cVZw can you believe such a beautiful place? my stepson loves the thai pavililion and i love hte ability to have a place like that here in town. Looovve!! I'll be back in the fall when the leaves change colors. (:"  was everything you want in a volunteer guide: highly knowledgeable and enthusiastic about all aspects of the garden and its history  there are many benches and areas for a rest! Did I mention that it is free? (Although I always toss in something because I never want to see the day Olbrich Gardens closes its doors to the community due to lack of funds.)" AXz26iQxhQQF7FFCkDNJ6w "Wonderful place to spend the afternoon - great place for kids to run around and enjoy the space.  I'm really not big on the educational component of the Gardens (I know This is a really well done garden. Truly spectacular. Q3GGB4ZMajP-Qmtdr1cVZw "Fantastic - so many things to see in the conservatory that you buy and eat without thinking about how they grow.  We went during November "Awesome! We went a little too early to see many butterflies at their exhibit Q3GGB4ZMajP-Qmtdr1cVZw  its very fun for them and admission is very cheap.  It's a great place to go in winters when its so cold!  I wish they were open a bit later on some days Q3GGB4ZMajP-Qmtdr1cVZw  I'd go sit and read by the serene pools throughout the summer."  none of the items in the gift shop had the Olbrich name on it. I collect Christmas ornaments from everywhere I go (just the city "Didn't see any roses in the ""rose garden"" and I counted only 5 butterflies in the ""butterfly house"" -- even the feeding trays were completely empty.  Definitely not 1-star I'll be back for sure; but next time I'll bring the sunshine."  like the Rose Tower and Temple. Meander throughout and try to get lost. Sit a spell on a bench and enjoy the scenery."  but that's really for the elderly so we didn't take it.  Then when it rolled by us we saw no elderly people on it at all.  It was a nice day out so we enjoyed walking the grounds.  Best was the Thai garden as it felt so calm and relaxing  or bring a book and relax. This city treasure is in walking distance for me and is easily accessible by bus and bike (right on the bike path). Go I would highly recommend this place.  It's not the fanciest place but after our caterers got some table cloths and napkins on the table along with our center pieces this place really shined.  I look forward to stopping by during the day to experience all that this gem has to offer."  and to think this is tucked away in little old Madison.  I have been debating living in this area for a while and in all honesty Olbrich is reason enough to move.  I was enjoying all the kid friendly areas tucked here and there in the park.  If I lived here I would come every day!"  and this lady ruined it. I've never been treated so terribly. Especially in a public place like that. Part of me really never wants to go back there ever again. She needs a crash course on customer service. Bc she has zero. I would be fired and lose a lot of money if I treated people the way she does." "I love this place! I cannot believe it took me nearly five years to finally visit after moving to Wisconsin. This is a wonderful place! I love that it's free. I went because I wanted to seethe Thai Pavilion  so unconventional. I loved the Thai sala- the only one in North America and the only one outside of Thailand to be surrounded by a tropical garden. That's worth boasting about. I'm so glad we made a stop here. It was relaxing. The people of Madison are so lucky- Olbrich has yoga and tai chi there each month as well!"  and the staff gave him a gentle warning without making me feel like a bad parent for not having my eyes glued to him every second.  There were tons of learning activities and seating found throughout the portion I was able to visit.  Before we left  MI so I was curious to see how this would compare.  Although the gardens at Olbrich do not have the amazing assortment of sculptures that Frederik Meijer Gardens does  I had forgotten about some of the amazing flora indigenous to my motherland. It was a nice refresher. Best part is the price tag of free."  this place blew me away being free.  This garden is huge and probably out does itself from the indoor conservatory.  I would equate the indoor conservatory to the Des Moines Botanical Garden so this easily surpasses it.  The Thai House was especially awesome and all the other gardens.  The rock garden was my personal favorite to just reflect.  The back part of it with all the swamp stuff was less appealing in my humble opinion.  We got free admission to the indoor conservatory which is $3 per person and $2 for children.  My Como Zoo and Conservatory membership got us complimentary admission.  Well  check out the HUGE hibiscus like flowers.  They are my favorite and makes you feel you are at least a bit closer to Hawaii...the humidity helped as well though." Really beautiful place. Must go see - herb garden - TOUCH N FEEL was really good. Otherwise really big place and definitely can cater to an event. Thai Garden was also good.  I hope to enjoy in all seasons!" Free and beautiful.   That's all I have to say. Who doesn't love a conservatory in winter? Nice steamy walk through an area teeming with life! Great variety of plants and trees to see along with some birds (mostly quail). For some reason I'm a sucker for pitcher plants  though - that is undeniable."  by day.  Hold off on the ""Cocktails in the Conservatory"" event until the kinks are worked out." I love this place!  I like to go several times a year and during the different seasons. It's very peaceful and relaxing to walk through and experience nature. It's a good place for everyone. To go by yourself or bring your family or friends with.  providing much-needed oxygen and humidity to visitors. They have beautiful orchids The grounds were a little confusing to navigate but we enjoyed ourselves."  like yoga and concerts. They do a few weeks of butterflies inside as well in the summer. This is my happy place." I will definitely be back." Check this place out if you have a hour or two to spare on your trip to Chicago or Twin Cities!!" The month-long butterfly bloom is awesome. The plant and bird life in the conservatory make for an interesting and eye-catching backdrop to the butterflies." "The outdoor garden area was nice and great for lounging around. It was not very big and we did not go in the conservatory  especially when my family comes to visit from out of town."  don't miss the butterflies!  Even on a hot day there are cool & shady benches strategically scattered."  I was so delighted to find this gem and will be frequenting it often now that Madison is my new home. It's really such an incredible resource for this community and I'm so happy it's here. I can't wait to return and see how it evolves over the seasons."  the only THAI Temple in North America.  HIGHLY recommended for all!"  and the indoor conservatory is lush. I am sure in season t us a beautiful place!" "Sometimes you just need to walk and this is a great place to do it. So many wonderful things to learn about for the avid gardener. The pavilion is great to explore with kids. I like to visit the indoor space during the winter when I need a break The gardens were amazing. Such a peaceful escape from the city. A highlight for me was the pavilion at the Thai gardens. I can see why it's the #1 attraction on trip advisor.  I love going to botanical gardens.  This one was a stop on a trip to see friends in Madison  the dome really makes you feel like you're walking through the rainforest. It is completely worth the entrance fee and I can only imagine what it looks like in the summer. We will definitely be back!"  I'm still figuring out what to do here.  We stopped by this place late one Saturday afternoon in May.  Lot's of wedding/prom/communion photos happening.  But made no difference.  It was a great place to walk around and take in nature." Olbrich Botanical Gardens is a special place in Madison. Wonderfully arranged and maintained themed gardens that make for a relaxed and serene visit.  and thats free until noon. There is also a gift shop which is kind of pricey. The staff were also very friendly and knowledgeable. One even suggested a tram ride which was about a 15 minute ride around the garden (also free)." Amazing botanical gardens with beautiful walks and calming oasis along the trails. The Thai pavillion is the highlight with a truly tremendous structure and a calming water pond n front. The walkways around the gardens are magnificant and the landscaping is impeccable. The beautiful array of colors in the flowers and shaded benches to sit on a very hot day are all fantastic. The place is free and the inside conservatory is $2 so I would say this place is a gem! I found it to be serene and magical! Beautiful!!!!  A gem in Madison. The outdoor gardens were well maintained and beautiful. Plan for at least 2 hours to walk around. Lovely botanical gardens.  This is staple on my out-of-towner itinerary.  It is quite enjoyable to walk around and check out the bizarre native vegetation.  It it much more diverse than you would imagine.  The Sonoran desert is lusher than you might imagine. "The Desert Botanical Gardens are an oasis in the local sea of strip malls and desert.  Many and varied plant areas  along with a variety of other desert plants. I went here with my digital camera and came back with a bunch of photos worth printing. The garden is extremely well-kept and is easily accessable. Admission is cut in half for students  and you turn on the shower fountain head and get an instant whiff of true monsoon season desert rain smell...it's amazing!"  it's a nice city escape. Just wear a hat & sunscreen and try to go first thing in the morning. There are drinking fountains around every turn and plenty of shade. Try a guided tour if you have the time or are playing host to out-of-town guests. The guides are friendly and extremely knowledgeable. Even if you've lived in AZ all your life (like me) you are bound to learn something new."  and rabbits were totally fun to try to find hiding in the many different plants and burrows.  I felt like a little kid ooh-ing and ah-ing at the different varieties of cacti and desert wildflowers  my favorite aspect of the DBG is this particular tree. It's near one of the ""bridges"" on the pathway. It's barkless This place never grows old. It's a great introduction to the desert for people from out of town  vibrant colors.  This is a great place to take visiting relatives who love to garden or are just nature buffs.   It's an easy walking adventure with many cozy benches to sit and bird or nature watch.  Midway through the journey is a nice spot to enjoy a little refreshment and sample some yummy treats.  At the end of your journey is a great gift shop with books  this is one of the best places to go.  It also has a great section devoted to the native people of this area and how they used the native plants in their everyday lives." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  it reminded me of my third grade classroom where we had Monarch butterflies just flying around.  (My teacher was a little bit of a hippie)  It doesn't have to take up a whole day if you don't want it to and you can explore at your own pace.  Come spring time I'm sure that the wildflower portion is beautiful.  I'm very excited to go back for the Las Noches de las Luminarias."  but it was a fun trip in itself.  Make sure you time your visit to go on a tour: you'll learn more about cacti than you ever thought was possible." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w This place is truly an oasis in the desert!" there are brochures for the botanical gardens at many hotels.  bring one with you and receive a dollar off your entrance."  it's another cactus. I found it to be about as interesting as an episode of Murder She Wrote. I kinda knew what to expect around every little bend. More plants! And every other water fountain was out of order. The two water vending machines we saw were also OOO...(out of order!). Two major exhibits were closed and yet we were still charge three bucks to see those damn butterflies. Total confirmation that I'm a city boy. I find surly homeless people "We are so lucky! The Valley is home to the Desert Botanical Garden - one of the country's most accomplished and spectacular gardens. Sure it's a great place to give out-of-town guests a sampling of what life in the desert is like. But If your looking for a special night or event that blends natural serenity and entertainment into an exquisitely unified package then check out the special events on the Desert Botanical Garden website www.dbg.org (and yes there is booze)."  which I think is a perfect amount of time. You see everything and are ready to leave by the end.  A very nice place to take visitors on a nice day." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w * take your time to bask in the glory that is the Sonoran Desert" My husband and I are fans of the cacti and so we planned a visit to the Desert Botanical Gardens on a recent house hunting trip to AZ. The day we went it was close to 100 and so we were happy that there are so many water fountains sprinkled around the gardens. We stayed for about two hours enjoying all the beautiful displays. The gardens are set up so that one can enjoy many different environments. There a also a lot of shady spots with seating to rest and enjoy the surroundings. We will definitely be back soon!  Massachusetts back in August 2006.  A big change from the beach to move into the desert.  One of the best things about living in Phoenix is the Desert Botanical Gardens (DBG).  Learning about the plants and animals has elevated our appreciation of living in the great Sonoran Desert.  We were going there so often that we became members and now go all the time.  All of our friends and relatives who visit us in the winter time were treated to the delights of the DBG.  They left knowing what a special place our new home is to us." Whoa Nelly.. this is about the Desert Botanical Gardens.. the place is great! Super romantic and a great date place!!" "beautiful place even though we were there in the middle of the summer and temp was about 105.  we saw a turtle  there has been a bit of construction as they have been improving their garden... but I don't mind One of the true gems of the Phoenix metro area." Try going as early in the morning as you can. There's more animal activity at that time and you're more likely to see the jackrabbits  a beautiful place that holds special meaning to us. Its great to bring family "A visit to the Desert Botanical Gardens should be on everyone's list. I think I read there were 50 acres of desert plants! That's a lot of plant! I'd recommend heading there towards the end of the day so you can see the Gardens in the daylight  Chihuly will be showing his work through May 2009." I remember going where when I was a boy scout. It was very fun and interesting. I love the desert vegetation and loved seeing and learning about what is what! I haven't been lately but we are planning on it. I would recommend going and if you don't have an appreciation for the desert you will after you go here. these gardens took my by surprise and i've instantly fallen in love with it." Shot of Jack Daniels: 5++" Expect it to be crowded this year.  We attended a members only night and it seemed to be oversold as parking was hard to come by.  However  it's about the adults. I can't imagine what a child would benefit from attending.  So leave the kiddies at home."  which were a great way to enjoy the gardens and beat the heat. Docents were stationed throughout to highlight different plant and animals species and to talk about the adaptations it takes to make it in the desert. Def. a cool qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  we were told we could not get tickets for another night and could get a refund or donate our ticket money. I do appreciate the refund "I was so excited to be in Phoenix during the Chihuly exhibition. I wish I could have gone to the luminaria (4-8pm)but tickets were no longer available. The artwork was breathtaking and for someone not very familiar with desert wildlife  I opted for the hot apple cider with Jack Daniels. Helped to keep me warm on a chilly desert night. The installation pieces were all integrated seemlessly with the plants and accented them beautifully. For those unfortunate souls who did not get the chance to experience the exhibit at night during Luminarias or who were so rudely rained out Side note: the DBG would be nice for an evening wedding! Too bad I'm married already!"  but this really is gilding the lily. Go to DBG. Go and see the incredible variety of desert botany on hand. Do yourself a favor."  The restaurant good and reasonable. What a great way to spend an afternoon."  which is what makes it so fun.  You really have to go there and walk the trails and hear the jazz played at night!" I will definitely have to return some evening (s) before it closes in May and take another several hundred photos." This was my second trip to the garden and both times I got to enjoy lunch on Ullman Terrace.  Two highlights of this visit were the Chihuly exhibit and the concert given by Try Me Bicycle.  Later in the spring the annual butterfly exhibit is really great too.  Although pressed for time we managed to see and photograph almost all of the Chihuly glass exhibit.  Sometime I would like to go in early March which is normally the best time for the flowers to bloom.  There are around 2 miles of well maintained trails and lots of employees and volunteers eager to answer any questions or show you something new.  The plants and other stuff on display are well documented. Nice bit of trivia:  Did you know that pineapples and aloe vera are related to cacti?"  here is a good place to see plants you've never seen before. Don't rush. Take the time to really look at the exhibits. If you're there when the cacti are in bloom  concert.  I would highly recommend to see before the glass exhibit is gone! I can't see it being anywhere near as fantastic otherwise." "I visited the Desert Botanical Gardens on Valentine's Day to see the Chihuly blown glass exhibit. One word to describe it: incredible! The pieces are mixed throughout the desert displays which had our group constantly questioning whether any of the pieces were possibly custom made for this specific location. There were two canoe/boat structures  because I would love to be able to sign up for their Desert Landscaper School.  That would be amazing!!  The lay out and the trails are very nice.  And I can't believe that I am typing this  their hours are great if you are looking to do something in the early morning or early evening." Don't forget to bring your camera!" DBG itself = very cool.  Student ID gets you 1/2 off.  More like an art museum than a typical museum of the modern era - obviously not particularly interactive Absolutely gorgeous!  I'm putting my pictures up to share!" By all means go see it.  You might be surprised."  the gardens will always be a place I take my parents when they are in town.  But I'll look for a slower time to attend." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w They have so many different types of cacti. Check it out. Take your out of town guests here e.t.c. But remember  and I will be using the Culture Pass to go again when the weather cools off." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  out of town visitors and anyone else!  Worth the $$.  I will be back!"  so get here before the sun goes down to check them out. And the butterfly exhibit closes at 5pm. Also they are now open until 9pm." TIP: Get here early -- it gets warm in the desert! [I probably don't need to tell anyone actually from the Valley that I'll just say that if you have some spare minutes in Phoenix that are not in the heat of the noonday sun  I wish I had time to visit this at night because I hear everything is illuminated.  Bring comfortable shoes because this place is huuuuuuuge!  You'll learn a lot about our beautiful state here and it's native plants." It is a nice place to relax!! and they always have some interesting activity going on. The best so far was Chihuli and the night walks. From time to time they have plant sales and they have such a good variety of them. I'm looking forward to sign a membership! I like to buy a glass of wine and watch the sun set as I wander around and admire the statuesque and colorful flora of the desert. If you are visiting Phoenix  you won't miss the intimate atmosphere that is provided by the garden and the creatures  living in the garden. We wandered over to Desert Botanical Gardens in search of the Chihully exihibit and found a quiet peaceful garden. I have to admit because it was nearly 100 degrees outside the garden was a little more vacant but this actually proved to benefit our experience. We noticed several creatures walking around the garden and foraging for food. At one point I've been here twice and really enjoy it.  Very beautiful plants and a real nice walk.  Both of my kids also enjoy it. "This is a great place to go if you want to escape.  I loved it so much that I became a member.  I have seen the Chihuly exhibit three times and it definitely brought the gardens to a new level.  It is a great way to spend the day "I really enjoy wandering around the gardens so much so that I became a member recently and since then have been back almost on a daily basis. My love affair first began when I went to see the Chihuly exhibit at sunset this past spring. I'm kind of glad that the exhibit is gone now because you can actually walk around and look at the specimens without the large crowds. Although the Chihuly piece by the main entrance is still there "Good parking. A bit expensive for Adult entry $15.00. Not to warm in October. Nice and peaceful walking. I took a lot of pictures. Lots of Cactus. Bring your own water  though the Chihuly Exhibit is now done and gone  that I was really interested in the types of plant life that can survive here.  I never knew there were so many kinds of cactus and this place has them well marked.  It's a different kind of beauty.  My contemplative  and I must say that it made the preview all that much better. I did have a small lunch at the Patio Cafe there earlier in the day Save me a spot by the fire and I might even buy you a Steaming Hot Martini :-)"  what a great place to go!" They do rent this facility out and I think it would be wonderful for catered events Pass on this for weddings...unless it's really cheap. BTW One of the volunteers told us that there are plans to expand the Sonoran Desert area of the garden This place is absolutely incredible!" For the first time in about 8 years I found myself at the DBG with some out of town family. Wanting to enjoy the weather (since they had just escaped the cold grey winter of Detroit) the gardens were the perfect spot. The garden is equipped with wide paths and plenty of benches to help the old timers pace themselves. It helps remind us city dwellers of the beauty the desert can have and how unique Phoenix truly is." The docents are very knowledgable and really love what they do. Their enthusiasm really adds to the exerience."  Butterfly exhibit (Pretty Cool) and the Chili and Chocolate Festival (So Fun and Yummy)! Definitely a trip you'll enjoy!" I love this place: look for the specials and the different events they always have going on. It's a great spot in the Valley. "Yelp in Bloom was the second time I'd been to the DBG. The first time for an evening wedding. Both events were absolutely stunning. It's a great place to hold events apparently. I need to come by to check it out the daytime though The butterfly house was fabulous--might try going earlier in the day to avoid the crowds. Saw lots of beautiful butterflies and the staff in this room were very knowledgeable and willing to share." Great place to visit and get acquainted with the Arizona desert.  The trails are easily walkable with enough to see so even the two teenagers I was with didn't get to crisis complain mode (which is a minor victory in itself).  The luminarias are beautiful and it is equally as nice to visit during the day and night. DBG is always a treat.  It is so peaceful.  There is a bi-annual plant sale.  you can definitely get great pictures."  but this is not to be missed.  Butterflies flitting their wings and kissing all the flowers - adorable!  The Desert Botanical Garden is a must-see if you're visiting Phoenix." The gardens at night offer a different experience then the daytime there are several cactus flowers that bloom at night.  Plus as the temperature rises it's nice to have events in the evening." This place is a true delight and a great asset for Phoenix." Really good overview of the Arizona desert plants and flowers. Downside: It's in the desert and it's hot as hell. Enjoy!  but it does make for a slightly alternative nature walk and there are certainly worse ways to spend a scorching outdoor afternoon in Phoenix."  large variety of pants" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  makes the desert a better place." The DBG is a very well run establishment. The garden staff is knowledgable and courteous and the setting is really spectacular. It's a wonderful place to get away alone and they also have a robust schedule of interesting events and music. It's a treasure.  but also I think missing several opportunities to provide a greater amount of education about the plants themselves and how they are practically used or planted for landscaping purposes (and yes  and a great place to get away for a few hours by yourself. I can see myself curled up on one of the shaded benches with a book :)" Sorry to be harsh but now I really appreciate the botanical gardens in California." "Oh you have to see this if you go to Phoenix. Like entering the mind of Dr. Seuss--gorgeous  the night tour is beautiful and very educational. I saw some lizards doing pushups and a tortoise eating a prickly pear fruit."  I will definitely be at the butterfly event this spring and at the Luminarias next winter." This is a great place to go when you have visitors or when you don't have much on your agenda and want to avoid going stir-crazy. I'll admit I may have impulsively bought a discounted DBG membership on Groupon more for the IDEA of going here often Give yourself plenty of time to walk the garden's many loops. I would recommend at least four hours."  and thus the entrance fee was hard to stomach. We probably should have gone on a hike around papago instead. If you are planning on going  but not on watering day and remember to bring your student ID." This is my 2nd visit in a year (Hey locals - I am from NY and this is WORTH the visit!!)"  and Utah to find all of the species that are contained within this garden.  Add in the views of the Papago Buttes and the desert landscape blending from the garden into the very hills themselves Only been twice but loved the peacful beauty."  and I have to say they picked a good day.  One of the really cool things was the Chiuly glass at the front entrance.  I wished I had been here when his collection was here!  I believe they are trying to raise money to make the other temporary sculptures a part of their permanent collection.  I'd love to go back someday."  I've always loved desert flora and fauna because it's so radically different from what I grew up with. A few hours at the Desert Botanical Garden really indulged my fascination. Grab a sunhat "The DBG?  It's beautiful.  They have ok music and interesting events.   It's a much-needed green space in the city.  Food and drinks are overpriced.  So are tickets for music in the garden.  I spend $8 every month to see the best band ever qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w "Such a beautiful place to see the desert!  Phoenix has really sprawled since I initially moved here in the late 70s.  It's quite a drive to get out to the desert today -- but the DBG is close in I highly recommend a visit! Stay for sunset  and you can even get free admission if you use the Culture Pass (which I did) available from the Phoenix Library system." Great place to go for Sunday brunch concert series or The Friday night concert series. Very good if you like jazz in beautiful outdoor setting.  because the seating is pretty limited." "I'm new to the Phoenix area and am anxious to check out all the places that people keep recommending to me. Thanks goodness DBG was high on the list. I LOVE it there and can't wait to go back. I went on free day and it was crowded in the parking lot. I was toting a stroller and 3 month old so I was slightly concerned that it would be too crowded to enjoy.Thankfully that was not a problem at all.With all the many trails and areas to explore there were times when 10-15 min would pass without seeing anyone else. Highlights included the butterfly tent I didn't get a chance to explore everywhere as I had my two young daughters with me and we headed almost straight to the Butterfly Pavilion.  If you have young children this is a NO MISS.  It's a wonderful place to spend an hour or so.  Not knowing anything about butterflies myself And since my friend and I were there two days in a row  so we spent a good amount of time in there snapping shots of all sort of species that displayed such vivid colors that we didn't want to leave. We also enjoyed the hummingbirds as well as the cactus gardens. This is definitely a nice place to go on a relatively warm day (I probably wouldn't enjoy this as much deep into the heart of summer) and the trails are not that difficult to get through. We spent probably around 3 hours here. Bring your student IDs if you have it Its a great was to spend a morning or afternoon." Great place to visit.   Urge you to visit the Desert Botanical Garden.   Want to see desert plants in their habitat; this is the place to go.   Make the Desert Botanical Garden you next trip.       I know you will enjoy the visit.  you need to come here to experience it first hand. Its not only about dirt and cacti. There are flowers galore as well."  because I work close by.  I have a couple of spots I love to sit and commune with nature.  I can't tell you Love this place. it is so peaceful and beautiful.  Came here as part of a large business function.  We were taken on a quick tour of the trails.  I've been here previously and taken in the butterfly garden (totally worth the extra you pay).  It has rotating events and art that is changing.  I love coming here for the special events such as Chocolate and Chile fest.  Getting a drink in one of the gardens and watching the sun set is one of the most relaxing and romantic ways to spend a quiet evening.  A must see for locals and guests alike. Desert Botanical Garden is not only one of the best things to do in Phoenix  not realizing it was freeloader night.  The place was so crowded with people who really didn't know how to behave (or make their kids behave) in a cultural venue.  Voices were so loud and activity was so high that the garden inhabitants stuck to the underbrush.  I know it's a plant place  it does make it a little less practical. But it is still a great option for those occasions when you have friends in from out of town or on holiday weeks when you need a fun activity that the whole family will enjoy. I was contemplating getting a membership but they are quite expensive and you still don't even get in for free to the special events like Avant-Garden or the evening concerts so it is just not worth it."  but the paths were clearly marked and great place for some nice pictures."  I would recommend bringing a bottle of water and wearing shorts.  Also be sure to bring your camera! There are so many types of cactus and beautiful desert flowers to take pictures of that you will regret not documenting it. Also be sure to go early if it's approaching summer. While there are drinking fountains along the winding paths of the garden it still gets pretty hot in the sun. There is a butterfly house that will be opening up in September which I can't wait to see "Great place to spend 3 or 4 hours. Took a free guided tour. The guide was good but he had to keep wasting our time with corny jokes. Could have seen much more if he just stuck with the gardens. No idea that mama quail with her chicks  ranging from arranging everything to the day of the wedding. I don't really have any complaints. Main thing is that if you are walking down the trails get ready to get your dress very dirty. I wish I would have bustled it or had a carpet down."  and took many great pictures!"  could have had some more wildlife out for people to see but very cool.  Don't come here during the middle of the day it's HOT!"  so be sure to take plenty of water & sunscreen. I made the mistake of carrying a large bag with me during my visit which became a big pain in the butt very quickly The Desert Botanical Gardens takes the beauty of the harsh desert environment and turns it into an oasis filled with music "Infinite stars for this place.  It is beautiful and so peaceful.  I went to the big bug exhibit yesterday first thing in the morning.  The employees were very welcoming and greeted us everywhere we went.  The exhibits are really fun and creatively displayed.  Also  Phoenix gets very hot. Late March  with all sorts of winding trails that makes you feel like your on an adventure hunt. The staff are super friendly and helpful.  I've gone during the day and for the flashlight tour... Flashlight tours are really different and put a little adventure into finding animals in the dark  and its ties to the arts community in the valley. I have heard from ex-volunteers that all the talented people in the events department have quit or been fired in the last six months because the dimwit department heads don't want to lose their jobs. They are now breaking contracts with performers  especially if you are a tourist.  I never in my life realized just how many types of cacti there were until I went here and the educational aspects of the Desert Botanical Garden are myriad without being preachy.  Yes it is hot very cool place to check out The Luminaries are always good too" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w At $18 admission it is a good deal. Staff is super friendly and helpful. You can stay as long as you want. They also have events and movie viewing nights here. Butterfly exhibit is also on on location to walk through. Definitely recommended for a nice day out or an early evening to explore a bit of beauty." TLDR: Worth the visit if this is your thing. I enjoyed myself but I love nature and it's amazing ""live"" art pieces strewed through out the dessert canvas.  I learned a lot about the flora here in Arizona.  Expensive  just stay on the path and be careful when you back up to take a picture!  I'm still snickering about the fairy duster plant. Does this mean the plant dusts fairies or the fairies use it to dust with??  Too cute!"  the docent's are helpful and willing to answer questions even if you are not on a tour. we were in Phoenix for vacation and this was a nice stop  and they especially have great seasonal events Great if you want to spend $18 to see lots and lots and lots of cactus.  but a very nice way to kill an afternoon." Definitely a do for out of towners and locals."  put on some comfortable walking shoes and enjoy the show!" Try to get to the outdoor cafe area before crowds get there around mealtime in order to see the wildlife that lives in the hillside.  Quail Who knew the plants could be sooooo big!"  then did the main trail by lighted path. They also allowed us to observe a glass blowing class in session. I think it is the best botanical garden I've been to." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w Great place to spend a lazy Sunday.  Also great place to take visiting friends and family.  then I'm guessing you would have had a lovely experience. But I encourage you to call ahead and find out what is and isn't open before you commit your time to the DBG." I just wish I had more time to explore DBG more often!" I think it is cool how it is next to the zoo (which I didn't get to visit) Didn't rate 5 stars due to the cost of admission" "Our group of 4 adults went on the morning of Mar 14.  This is a spectatular display of desert garden items.  It is extremely well laid out and has items that will appeal to many tastes.  The volunteer staff are fantastic and their love of what they offer is apparent.  The entrance fees are somewhat high but you get value.  There are many places to rest The Butterfly Exhibit was worth the trip.  but I can only imagine that the Desert Botanical Garden is a unique and worthwhile experience."  everything was in bloom for spring. The butterfly exhibit was so much fun. I am signing up as a member today . I plan to go back next weekend to visit my butterfly friends ." It was a beautiful day in a beautiful place. If you're in the area  but found ourselves taking more pictures and looking around at all of the beautiful gardens opposed to what we were originally there for lol! If you're in from out of town  stopping to listen to the interesting tid-bits as I went. I also went to the butterfly pavilion and watched the butterflies fly around eating and sunbathing  I felt like I was in a butterfly wonderland. :) great place to get inspired and have a peaceful walk." My friends got married here two weeks ago and it was a beautiful venue. They even allowed all the guests to walk through the gardens before hand. Great place for families that live out of state so they can see the wonders of the desert.  but paying almost $50 for two of us to walk around the gardens seemed steep. If I lived very close by I would definitely pay $65 for a membership and visit often because they have lots of shady areas to relax and read or have a picnic Stay away in the summer unless you want heatstroke - BRIING YOUR OWN WATER so you don't have to buy theirs!  Springtime is best If you set aside the fact that it's deathly hot in there "LOVE THIS PLACE!!! its a little over priced though which suck especially if you're a student as I am. This place is close to campus so you'd think they'd offer some kind of student discount  as there are tons of photographers running around. This could be your chance to get discovered - maybe your errant hand or part of your backpack will end up in some semi-famous hipster's Flickr!" The Desert Botanical Garden is a great way to spend the day and learn about the beauty of the desert. It is truly one of Phoenix's best offerings." The cafe has some good food options and the prices are fair. Their plant sale is also very good and my mother goes every year. I can't wait for the temperatures to cool down a bit so we can go and enjoy the gardens some more!" Note: There is a butterfly section in the garden but don't get your hopes up - we didn't see any during the summer."  all sorts of birds and adorable bunnies. The butterfly garden when it's open is wonderful. I really enjoy going for a walk here at sunset I was sad that the gift shop didn't stay open for the late tours. I am a magnet lover "Certainly is beautiful. Except the management can't manage to make it profitable (in a non-profit sense). 370  flashlight tours and especially the Luminaries every Christmas.  The combination of music and the hand-lit luminaries is stunning and a great way to celebrate the season.  Definitely worth the visit Worst part: had to back track to get to the concession stand for a ice cold beverage" A great way to spend a cool afternoon.  Unique to Phoenix with the various desert plants.  Stroll around the grounds.  Lunch is available. Well worth the visit.  I enjoyed it so much I signed up for a membership.  Will certainly visit frequently.  Definitely a must-see for Phoenix visitors. Definitely consider joining if you can.  $75 for two people and $100 if you want free rentals of the scooters every time you go...especially handy if you're recovering a debilitating injury!" DBG is one of those places in the Valley that can easily be forgotten by locals but the grounds are beautiful and the events are a perfect activity!"  5 basic kinds. I started taking pictures of all of them until I remembered: I really don't care that much about cacti." I absolutely loved visiting this place and wouldn't mind going again especially to the various events they host throughout the year...just another reason to re-visit Phoenix!!! :)"  and I certainly learned a lot. It's nice to be able to look at all the different cacti in the valley and know what they are There are water fountains all over the place serving good cold water! It takes about 2hrs to see everything so come prepared. It's a great place to spend quality time with the family during the weekend. Las Noches de las Luminarias is very popular and known world wide.  It runs from the day after Thanksgiving and ends on December 23rd.  It's a wonderful way to bring much happiness in the world and to celebrate the season of giving and goodwill to mankind." Beautiful setting and great fun if you hit the Chocolate fest. See all the art pieces and literally stop and smell the blossoms. :) One of the best attractions in the Phoenix area.  Incredible amount of cacti to see.  Great walking trails through the various areas.  Lots of fun events year round with a great sales twice a year.  Don't miss the luminaries at Christmas time! If you think it's just walking around looking at cactus A lovely evening of great food and company spent in a lovely atmosphere!"  so bring those that normally wouldn't be able to walk. This place is very accommodating!"  the event specialist was great to work with and the DBG events team accommodated my lighting needs.  Thank you DBG for making our wedding night AWESOME!"  and it was spectacular.  Everyone around us had fun too!  It was easy to spend hours just walking around the gardens and gaze at the lights.  The selection of music that the gardens had was great too.  It was easily worth the admission price  as most of the flowers aren't blooming. Probably from April - early November (if you can stand the heat) you'll have a good shot of seeing great things in all the exhibits. Put it on your to-do list and take a friend!"  skip it. $18 a person ....not really worth that many dollars.  You can go to the desert or look at your own front yard." --lMCM6K8-9NTvPlbCMXEA  but thought it was really well done and really cool stuff here. Be sure to go once during the day and once at night. People of all ages will like this." "Nice place to be.  My kids enjoy walking around occasionally.  The butterfly exhibit is fun.  They also put on a nice Halloween event for kids  I enjoyed the time spent here. So different than any other botanical garden I've been to..and I go to almost every one I encounter on vacation...this was so unusual but so beautiful . I wish they had a little more info on the plants other than names...uses etc."  and obviously some cra-a-a-zy cacti. It is pricy but don't forget to use that (unadvertised) AAA discount. Also take along water as I found some of the fountains non-functional. We spent about 90 minutes here and didn't really rush or need more time (however Beautiful...one needs to visit if you are visiting Phoenix  should we be fortunate enough to visit the Phoenix area again" Attended last weekend for the Cactus and Corks event. I'm from Ohio and live in CO so this was an awesome place to check out the deserts terrain. I recommend keeping an eye for for local events and bringing any out of town guests to this garden. Beautiful. Well worth my afternoon "I have visited this locale on a few occasions now and I must say there is nothing like it in all the Valley and perhaps the state itself. They host tons of events throughout the year and the YELP party that was held here in 2010 was EPIC. I highly recommend going at night....but watch for the critters.....LOL...both animal and human....LOL. There doesn't have to be an event there to go visit though....if you just want some peace and quiet....enjoy a beautiful sunrise or sunset.....or just take a romantic stroll with that special someone.....then this is your place. Eat "I went to to Gertrude's for lunch and had high hopes for this restaurant since it is in such a great location and new. I had the beet salad with chicken and was sorely disappointed by the wilted salty greens with salty pickled beets. It cost $14 since I added chicken and that was so sparse on the plate. My two colleagues had mahi mahi tacos and there was hardly any fish in the dish yet tons of onions Nice place to visit in spring time frame.  The prices are affordable and the views are breathtaking. qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  we loved the chocolate souffl - mmm good all the way through. Go eat there as soon as you can." The highlight of the trip was when we saw a prairie dog on our way out of the garden."  entry pricing is comparable to other horticultural sites around the country.  It certainly goes to the good cause of preserving and protecting regional flora."  possibly landing on you too. They have butterfly patrollers on duty with soft rainbow dusters to make sure you don't leave with a butterfly souvenir." GORGEOUS.  You must see this garden!  It was a beautiful and educational walk.  We thoroughly enjoyed it.  so it's a great opportunity to take the kids when they get of of school." I took plenty of pictures and as I took in what Phoenix had to offer gained a better appreication for the cactus!" The path and information at each stop was stunning and there was even some interactive activities along the way for my daughter to enjoy. I cannot wait to get back to Arizona and take the family again!" Writing and photos don't do it justice  I think it's a pretty cool place to walk around and enjoy the outdoors on a nice day. I really like the butterfly exhibit when that's going on - usually in the spring. I have yet to go to a night time exhibit "Absolutely beautiful! It was way more than I expected! I had taken my Grandmother & Mother there for an early Mother's Day celebration and was pleasantly surprised that the butterfly exhibit was still going on. The staff was very nice  and see if they are open before you go.  We were unable to get there our first try because of a marathon." This is a nice place to come and see the monarch butterfly exhibit and learn about the various types of desert plants and how they survive and acclimate to the desert. Also did insect inspection camp which was fun for the kids. Great teacher to student ratio for the camp. Hands down: our family's favorite place to unwind in the city! I will renew my membership year after year after year....and  but this place changed my mind. It was so nice there that I feel like I can actually appreciate desert plants now...I didn't say love...I said appreciate. And there were some little animals there too. Worth the price if you go when it's under 110 degrees outside for sure. And my hotel had a coupon too."  and it always seems to look different each time. I like the variety of exhibits that they have to offer  go to DBG if you want to get a real taste of Arizona. If you want to try something different  but you can see through them. We also got to see a lot of wild life that was running around since it was just me and my wife. It was really cool to see it when no one was around. I am sure we wouldn't have seen as much interaction between plants and animals if we would have gone when it was busy. We also got lucky to see 2 infant Great Horned Owls while we were there. My wife got some good photos of them. All in all it was a good place and good time. The only downside that I can see to this place is the entry fee. It is a little too expensive. I think $18 per adult is a little high and would love to see it come down a little. Of course it has to be maintained so I understand to a point the cost. Not sure if we will ever come back here I was impressed with the Butterfly Pavilion when we visited on 4/9/13.....plenty of species to get up close and personal with! My nephew also got a kick out of the flashlight tour that we enjoyed in May of this year.......get there to get out of the city!" First tine visit for the flashlight tour. We will come back for a day trip too. The on site bar and restaurant look real cool and the entire property is clean and a good vibe. The trip was a great way to be active but also relax and have a good time." The grounds are impeccable!"  this is a worthy addition to your sight seeing adventures. Enjoy and wear lots of sun screen protection!! Dress accordingly!"  you will likely be bored senseless after about 10 minutes." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w One of the most beautiful settings in Arizona. A must for locals and tourists alike. qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w Last night put us into the holiday spirit. It is a definite must see.  For some reason last night there was a special on admission. 50% off  and their dedication to showing off the beauty of the desert is enough to make any Phoenician proud. If you are a photographer  this is a fairly impressive botanical garden and should be a stop if you are in the Phoenix area.  I'm a fan." I can't wait to go again!" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w I felt privileged to go when Chihuly glass displayed (till May 2014)." I must admit that $30 per ticket (though it's less if you're a park member) seemed a bit steep Bummer as it is sold out through Dec 28. And family from France will be gone." "My favorite place in the Arizona. So gorgeous. The people who work here are also very friendly The Chihuly exhibit in general was beautiful. There's nothing quite like his art and it looks incredible amongst the cacti. I would like to come back at night to see everything all lit up. I'm sure that looks even more amazing.  It's definitely worth a visit!" I can't wait to go back and see all the flora and fauna in the daylight! You simply must go!" Beautiful by day and night.  Luminaries and Chihuly are a must see!!  Makes for a very nice evening! Love this place! Went last night for the luminaries and it was amazing with the Chihuly exhibit going on. I will definitely be coming back to visit during the other seasons to see the amazing plant life." A visit here makes for a nice day of walking around in nature - and the mountain views were certainly pretty. I just didn't feel that it was worth $22. Oh  but the sculptures lit and set amongst the cactus - gorgeous. The exhibit kept giving and giving around every corner! Took a solid 2 hours to see everything from 6-8pm. The crowd was nice and thin by this time. Highly recommend." 20% discount with AAA card :) "Had the opportunity to experience both the Chihuly event with Las Noches De Luminarias at night. So incredible!! I love coming here to the DBG but to experience these two unique events was truly magnificent!! Picture walking through the gardens at dusk  but would really like to go again during the day to be able to read the plaques with plant descriptions more easily. It was a great date night and I'm sure I'll make it another date ""day"" sooner rather than later. :)"  the garden grounds magnificent! Hard to fully explain the impact it has. Especially loved the Saint Earth sculpture! Go   most well curated gardens in this hemisphere. The Chihuly art is a perfect match and anyone who likes glassworks can't afford to pass up the chance to see these installations. I was traveling on business and wish my wife and kids could have experienced the gardens. They'll have to settle for pictures till next time." You can buy a ticket online before you go. If you're thirsty there is free water in front of Gertrude's (next to the shop)" "All I could remember was ... heat.  We went on a mid 70 day and it was still exhausting to walk in the heat.  There are a few really tall cactus' that are cool but honestly..... I wouldn't go back nor would I bring anyone visiting.  I can't seem to find entertainment in plants ! Don't take my opinion on it and go at least once.  The glassblowing exhibit made it a bit more enjoyable.  We stopped by this food area that had really good garlic fries... being foodies we even tried to food.  There were a lot of quails .. we spotted a cardinal which was pretty cool.  Other than that.. a few tips buy online to skip the line  though  the garden was the most crowded I've ever experienced when we went even though they sell a limited number of tickets for specific time slots. The local libraries offer ""culture passes"" where you can get free admission to the garden  just go! Students get in for $12 (pretty steep discount). I went on a Saturday on valentines day weekend and it was very packed. I foolishly didn't make a reservation so I couldn't get in at 5:00 pm but I ended up coming back at 7:00 pm and got in without trouble. If you've never been before  and at night - the way the glass is lit up at night is gorgeous. Get tickets in advance online to skip the lines (the Chihuly exhibit is there through May) and dress for the weather."  it looked like they were hosting an event that day and had done a wedding the day before. What a beautiful venue for events!" I wasn't very impressed with either the Chihuly gift shop or the main gift shop but I didn't let that affect my overall rating."  which I attended last weekend.  What could be better than wine tasting followed by wandering around amidst a bunch of cacti?  ;)  One of the best trips I had there was in April one year because so many of the cacti were in bloom.  Prior to that  Marianne and all the staff and crew at the Desert Botanical Garden!"  but overall for far less money you can get out and experience some of the great trails all around our state. Take the time and see it for real instead of in a plant-zoo." "It was fun to see all the different types of cacti! It got a little repetitive after a while though. The Chihuly exhibit being there is really what pushed it to 4 stars for me.  I would probably go back "Another perk for going to AZ for Spring Training is this place and the Chihuly Exhibit which I think runs through May 2014. A ballgame in the day then the exhibit at night from 4-8pm (there's also a daytime slot but not sure if that would be as good as evening slot). DO NOT MISS THIS if you are in Phoenix for anything! Watch the sunset and stare in amazement at the art glass sculptures created by Chihuly to blend in with the cacti "Wow. What an amazing collection of cacti! This definitely beats out the impressive  I was bummed that the cafe was closed. It's definitely a great walk this great scenery! Lovely for photos!" Keep hydrated in the summer!"  keep in mind that it is very HOT.  The first time I came here was in the summer and I was too miserable to enjoy it."  which by the way is spectacular. The path's are dirt and therefore your shoes and even socks get covered in dust. Beer and wine is sold in different areas of the paths. Take your camera and maybe a note pad and pen. You may want to record the species of plants to place in your yard. I think it's more for adults  apply sunscreen liberally. I would say the garden takes about 2.5 hours to comfortably explore."  but after looking at the other reviews and the over 700 photos! I think this place is very very well documented and photographed and well it is all true. Stop here Take a look at what I wrote about the DBG in my full review in my blog: http://lagamio.com/2014/03/02/desert-botanical-garden/"  which was surprising to me.  There is a coupon for $2 and another deal for 20 % off with AAA.  I did not try to combine them.  My kids went off by themselves and came back with their face painted  with docents on hand to explain and instruct about anything you might want to know. We visited while the Chihuly exhibit was up and were amazed to see how he integrated his works into the landscape to stunning effects. Lunch at Gertrude's "Was just here for Agave on the Rocks and it was very well done. Great food and several incredible bands. And the Fire Dancer was unbelievable!!!! And with Chuhuly Glad in the background  but only $90 for two people for an annual pass (plus you get two free guest passes - that's $44 right there). My boyfriend and I often stop in just for a walk before or after we go out for dinner."  but it was so great to see a new plant life in abundance. This is a beautiful environment and worth as much time as you can give it. The gift shop is standard and the restaurant 'Gertrude's' was very good and very busy. Need reservations for that."  but if not the DSB is still a pretty great place to come and see if you're in Phoenix and looking for something cool to do." So worth visiting however..."  etc.  The garden is a fantastic setting for after hours events."  etc.  The Chihuly glass sculptures situated throughout the gardens were a very nice added touch.  These are pretty darn impressive and the gardens themselves are It is a nice place to walk and wander around looking at the plants This is a gem in the desert.  It has been here in the Valley as lo g as I remember and was a favorite field trip.  Now we love to go as adults and enjoy the holiday luminarias and the artwork.  Became a member too. Had a great time seeing the chihuly sculptures. A little expensive but with seeing at least once! "An amazing and unique botanical garden. There are a lot of botanical gardens in the us but none quite like this which showcases how beautiful  but -wow- were the gift shop prices steep... Would've been nice if the paths were slightly more lot up because it was really hard to see where to walk even though people were everywhere." I have been here several times and have always been impressed!  Yesterday we stopped by to see the Chihuly exhibit and we were blown away as always.  The desert was still somewhat in bloom and interspersed with the Chihuly glass is such a treat.  I highly recommend a visit and check out Groupon to save some $ too.  We paid $12/person instead of $22/person...yippee! They have a great variety of desert and arid plants.  Most Botanical Gardens I've gone to have a much different climate with plants that are used to water and it was very interesting to see the difference of the desert plants.  For me The Desert Botanical Garden is a very special treasure and I am so glad I checked it out.  I am sure you will too. :)"  I feel as though if it weren't for the chiluly and butterfly exhibit the place would seem rather d"  especially with the Chihuly exhibit installations. I love this place & go at least twice a year!" You can walk all the trails in under an hour and the Chihuly glass artwork scattered throughout the gardens added a nice touch." The botanical garden is definitely one of the treasures of the city.   What a great place for a relaxing and interesting walk that really showcases the Sonoran desert beauty.   It does desperately needs a good Cafe and properly done would be a great location for a day and evening restaurant that equally showcases the modern West .  to the exhibit. I loved how the glassworks were integrated into the garden. They did a beautiful job putting it all together What a truly spectacular and magical place! We went to the Chihuly After Dark exhibit and was amazed at both the gorgeous plant life integrated with the artists glassworks! This is a must viewing!!! Gertrude's restaurant was excellent and they serve wine and other beverages to enjoy while you are strolling the grounds!!! "We came here with a group of 10 ppl just to see the Chihuly Exhibit. It was beautiful and we absolutely loved the park. The front gate person said we could come back in the evening to see the glass art lit up in the dark as long as we kept our bracelets on. And we did come back! We walked the park in the daylight in about 2hrs It is $20-$22 per person to get into this exhibit.  You won't see anything here that you can't see for free on a hike on any path around Arizona.  They did have the Chihuly sculptures up and they were beautiful.  But we went during the day and didn't get to see them lit up.  Every stand was out of water and the vending machines only took credit cards.  The waters were $1.50 for a 20oz.  The gift shop was completely over-priced.  A puzzle was $25. We were leaving and people were fighting over parking spaces.  Don't think we would ever go back. "This is quite an enjoyable place to go especially when company is visiting from out of town. The area is really big so there are a lot of different desert plants to see & it takes a sufficient amount of time to walk around. They have a group guided tour for free if you're interested in that. We have been through twice now - once during the day time & also once when they had the Chihully exhibit during the night time. Both times were a pleasant experience although if you're going to the exhibit  it is that parking is a mess and disorganized and the event may be oversold.   We went SAT evening and it looked like others had the same idea to go to this exhibit.  I'd recommend you go early and be prepared to hunt for parking." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w What a wonderful place to visit. Especially at night during the holidays. This past holiday season the Chihuly exhibit was magical. Treat yourself and go. I also encourage you to provide visit scholarships or subsidys for some of our area's least wealthy young people.  They may be inspired to learn plants and lift Arizona science We had a great time and I only regret not being able to stay longer.  I understand that a Fairy World exhibit is coming up next at The Desert Botanical Gardens.  Perhaps a membership is in our future...?" Beautiful!! Leisure walk around gorgeous areas. Bring a water bottle. Lots of restrooms about. Lots of shade and resting areas. Beautifully decorated as well! Gorgeous parabolas and fountains and lots of park helpers everywhere! The gift shop is adorable too.   actually a lot of shade out on the trail.  Would go again to see other exhibits" A friend of mine also got married here more than a decade ago and the wedding was beautiful.  Very romantic.  I wish it was closer to where I live  I believe the Chihuly exhibit has ended but don't let that stop you from checking out this beautiful gem.  Would definitely drop by the gardens if I'm ever in the Phoenix area again.  I loved it!  Don't forget to bring your hat "We've been to the DBG two or three times now for various events.  It's a great place to take the family and friends.  They have many events throughout the year Did I mention they have nighttime flashlight tours? I haven't done one but it sounds like fun. The only way they could improve this place is to make it free."  but its definitely a must do if you are anywhere near Phoenix. Also the plant sale that they have is twice a year too I think  I still found the enjoyment and peace of the desert tours early morning or late evening to beat the heat. Will always love this Arizona Gem. A great place to take out of towners when they visit. Remember... Our backyard cacti and wildlife is alien to these friends & family... DBG fascinates even the most boring uncle that never wants to do anything.... :)"  and great exhibits throughout the year for the locals!"  I never saw another person while tracking through. The plants and information are just gorgeous!!! And having the sunset in the background was beautiful. I'd highly recommend this place. I was also very impressed with all the wildlife I saw. But because I went late The gardens themselves are also great. We bought an annual membership and have used it many times. Every visitor we have had to AZ comes with us and loves it too."  the on-site restaurant is a local favorite and has some really delicious options. The bar looked huge so it would make a fun night spot as well."  but that just adds to the natural beauty this place has. I love the many different areas there are and the interesting historical charms there are hidden throughout. I absolutely love Dave Chihuly's pieces through the garden also. I see myself spending a lot of time here in the future." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  its really beautiful I didn't think it it would be so amazing just being desert. if you walk slowly you can catch a lot of different animals. we can't wait to go again."  very cozy area to stay away from the heat. I was very upset that they don't mention at the entrance that the butterflies pavilion is closed All-in-all this was a really good experience and I'm glad we went. I'd probably go back if I were ever there in Winter  it's $22 to enter. I don't have a problem paying entrance fees but thus is far too high to see an attraction. Botanical gardens in other cities range from $5-10. I hope that by posting this Beautiful grounds. Breathtaking is not an exaggeration. Sorta expensive for the scope/scale of the place. But any plant lover will be in heaven.  I like how they mix it up with sculptural elements as well. I learned a ton here and even got some landscaping ideas for my own yard. No reason not to go here if you are any sort of plant lover.  desert flowers.  Disappointed that many exhibits were closed.  Maybe it was a seasonal thing. Wish they had some kind of tour. I think we would have gotten more out of it.  They seem to be doing a lot of work on the place I recommend spending time here at night to see all of the pieces are lightening up. I'm sure that will surely love it more. The kids enjoyed it much!"  which I visited. There were plently of butterflies to see and take pictures of. Overall Thanks for the hay ride to pick up the pumpkins we couldn't keep." "Beautiful desert gardens.  Come at sunset and you'll be delighted.  I've been here 2x and I'll be back.  Kids have fun I love the botanical garden. There was a time (when I had a zoo membership) when I would take my oldest son several times a month. It always has such pretty blooms and a fun butterfly pavilion. They even have free days on Tuesday!  and the Cactus and Succulent Gallery.  We did see the last one after the wedding party had moved on.  There were signs at the entry pointing wedding guests where they should go.  Providing information for the paying customers regarding the timing the sections would be closed so we could planned our time differently and not missed so much of the gardens." Absolutely stunning a great place to go for a good feel of Arizone. We were there for the Chili + Chocalate fair. Lots of walking so go prepared. My complaint is that the price is quite high for a park where you can really get through everything in an hour or two." "Highly recommended if you are a visitor to Phoenix for the first time. A large variety of cacti- and some of those saguaros have to be 40+ feet tall! Keep in mind this is the desert  and I couldn't have been more pleased. Jessica at the admissions booth was lovely and extremely helpful  to accommodate my schedule. I have attended several events there and they have always been well planned and organized. I recommend them highly to anyone visiting Phoenix." Great place for families!"  probably more than I needed to learn - but it was a fun educational opportunity for sure." Thumbs up and worth a visit!" "Re: las noches de las luminarias. Great place to take a date. Every year they change things up to keep it fresh.  Good bands "WOW!  If you ever wanted to see cactus of all shapes and kinds "Such a great place to see the desert plant life up close. We saw lots of birds and small mammals too  especially with such a huge difference between adult and student. To be honest Best and largest collection of desert plants I have seen. A must-go place in Phoenix. They have ""dog day in the gardens"" in January and then some wine tasting events in February that sound awesome...wish our trip to Phoenix would've coincided with one of these fun days."  there are a few flowers and some wildlife." "Such a beautiful place that showcases so much of the Southwest's natural beauty. Flowers  I think it's a great stop if you're visiting Phoenix." "This is a ""must see"" for those new to the desert.  They have a world renowned collection of desert plants & rare cacti all set in a stunning location.  See natural landscaping as well as what can be done with succulents in a planned landscape.  Excellent!"  saguaros and yucca trees. The beautifully landscaped grounds are well planned. Bring yr hat and wear sunblock as you are in the desert and there is not much coverage.  Some special exhibits at different times of the year so check their calendar. We were there during a chocolate and chili outdoor festival. Yum!  Well worth the admission fee. Plan to stay here for at least a couple of hours such a beautiful array of desert gardens!  art exhibits and plenty of others. I'd suggest a combo if you aren't there in the flowering season. Looked fun!"  the Desert Botanical Gardens in Phoenix will awe you into enjoyment! Nature lovers will love the way the gardens are both laid out and naturally set. The incredible access in its layout allow both convenience and access to every section If you're looking for a nice day to catch a glimpse of beautiful nature life or have a special event to host this is the place to be. I have attended many events at this location which have been catered by some of the best companies. Along with the life of the nature make a perfect combo to a wonderful evening." If you can hit up a night activity there Total jerks. They should  let people know before selling tickets to them." "Love the reciprocal membership! Used my LA Arboretum membership to get in without any problems. Very friendly staff. Nice shady areas to rest in the desert heat. Also lots of cafe seating  several sections of the facility were closed for weddings.  We complained to the management Bring a bottle of water and be prepared to refill it...AZ sun is hot."  reading about the desert plant life and soaking up the hot Phoenix sun. I also visited the Patio Cafe and Gertrude's at the beginning and end of my tour and was impressed by the delicious food and drinks. $22 is a steep price for entrance to a garden but this one did not disappoint. If I lived in Arizona I would gladly join one of the volunteer programs to support this beautiful reserve. Not to be missed "This is in Papago Park near the airport. This is what a Billionaire's desert garden would look like after sixty years of care. Easy "Not much I can say about this place except that there are a lot of cacti. I didn't think it was very diverse in regards to plant life there... again just a lot of cacti and dirt. There wasn't a lot of great views either  but it was a temporary exhibit. There are only a few near the ticket booth. If you have AAA "Enjoyed our lunch and walk around the Desert Botanical Garden. I was disappointed the Butterfly exhibit was an additional fee "I went here on a Sunday (alone) to have some fun with my camera and finally see the garden in person. I only saw part of it but I was amazed by the beauty and diversity I found here. I went back the following Friday to experience this with a special lady. It is the perfect place for a date! It is the perfect place to take the kids and even guests from out of town. If you appreciate the beauty of nature  but get there early. We arrived shortly after opening to beat the heat and the crowds. We spent about two and a half hours throughout the gardens. As we left "Absolutely beautiful. We actually were lucky enough that we went on a partly cloudy day and it was absolutely gorgeous. The chihuly sculptures are so intricate that just seeing photos of them does not do them justice. There was a lot of walking involved  we went Saturday. There were many people but it wasn't uncomfortably crowded. Volunteers were in all the display areas with smiles and information. Many plants were blooming and we enjoyed watching various butterflies and hummingbirds. We even saw several varieties of lizards. I loved the herb garden Well worth the cost of membership if you go more than twice a year Bit of Advice: Go early in the day. Make it a day. Have lunch at the Garden. Afternoons in late April are beginning to get toasty Great place to visit and look at teh various plants.  Lots of different birds too. "This place has an excellent variety of plants and cacti and the folks here are very knowledgeable and friendly.  I'd say April is the month to go  is that trails can be kind of confusing and you can double around a bit. And you are walking in the sun for a coupe of hours I got lucky and scored free tickets from the phoenix public library!" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w Overall this is a very nice garden. Go see it if you are in the Phoenix area and if the weather isn't too hot. Wear sunscreen and a hat. Drink water. There are many water fountains throughout the park but bring a water bottle. This is a nice place to see desert plants. It is a beautifully maintained garden. When I visited there were many plants blooming "This is a really amazing place to learn about the desert environment's flora.  I never knew that such variety existed out in the hot and dry environment of the desert.  They also educate you on how the native people lived and some of the plants they subsisted on.  They have five trails  and other decorative items. There is a restaurant adjacent to the gift shop that I hear is very good!" I recommend coming here in the morning before it gets too hot. Be prepared for lots of walking; the garden is much larger than it appears  but I learned almost nothing. I did enjoy learning about hummingbirds and butterflies Since that doesn't happen in Northern California."  it was a beautiful day out and I had great company!" 4 stars it is. A good random date spot for you dudes who are smart So much to see and no words can describe how beautiful this place is. I picked up some ideas for my house as well as added new plants to my I want list."  and as a kid every summer i used to volunteer at the kids center (not sure if everything is still the same) but i always had a blast! The whole garden was very large  this is a desert."" We had a good laugh once I gently set the expectations to a more realistic level. Still had a great time. Go here if you're running out of things to see or they have some kind of art exhibit going on." Stunning location and very nice layout.  Wish the tickets were a little less than they are but if it keeps the place going I might go a bit less but..... "This was pretty nice. The exhibits are really nicely displayed and there's a lot more to the desert landscape than I had previously thought. The education component is definitely nice. It's also fun to go at dusk and use flashlights to navigate through the gardens. I was disappointed that many of the exhibits were closed for construction and/or remodeling I will make it a point to come back here during future trips.  What a fantastic place this is!  I loved it!!" Disappointed a few exhibits and trails were closed didn't get to see any type of wildflowers just Joshua trees and cactus .. Bad timing 8/17/15 ... $40.00 is a bit pricy if you ask me I felt like it was a tourist trap.. The admission is ~$20 but you get what you pay for and this place is a gem and is completely funded without any government money. Parking is free. The restaurant and it's menu looked nice and I would love to have sit down but I didn't have enough time."  keep telling me what a glorious new outfit the desert has found in its new Botanical Garden. And I'll go for a hike." This experience is perfect for any age. I would come back with my parents and even grandparents since the trail is pretty easy to go through. There are volunteers who have set up a table and wear string lights around their neck so you can quickly locate them A super great 'oasis' minutes from downtown Phoenix with loads of annotated flora of the desert. Lots of sunshine and beautiful walking trails with a wonderful restaurant and gift shop. Just make sure you bring a hat and sun block while enjoying the trails. Can spend as little as 30min here and as much an 1 hour. Make sure to take a break from the heat at some point. Stay hydrated and bring a water bottle." "Im from Washington DC and by the US Capital we have a FREE beautiful botanical garden. I paid $20 to walk around in the heat to see cactus that I had already seen on my way to Sedona. I was not impressed with this place and even though I was rushing it so I could catch my flight Botanical gardens is a beautiful place to enjoy nature of the desert. We had a drink at the built in restaurant - I think it's called Gertrude's and it was a nice break to a hectic week Beautiful gardens and lots of education. The staff was friendly and knowledgable. As a native to Washington state I'm fascinated by the different vegetation for the region and in awe at the beauty. I'd go again the next time I'm in the area. "I second the other reviewer that doesn't ""get"" this park. I went here once almost 8 years ago when I first moved to Phoenix and I remember being completely underwhelmed. Today I was like OK maybe I should give this park another chance since the reviews on Yelp and Trip Advisor and pretty much everywhere online make it sound like it's best garden on earth so I thought to myself I must've missed something in my first visit. Nope "Saw this place on Yelp and decided to check it out while I was in town. I've never seen a botanical garden based on cacti but this place is very impressive. Very well kept and the docents are very friendly. They have a sit down restaurant at the front and a casual deli Cafe towards the back. The admission fee is $22 for general which is kinda steep especially since I didn't stay very long since it was so freaking hot. However   go take a trip to one of the places that one of these guys gave for thier 1-2 star review and enjoy seeing less than half of the plants you'll see on the outside. P.s. if you are expecting to see tulips or daisies We just moved to Arizona and we went to the Desert Botanical Gardens last week. It was beautiful and we learned so much. I can't wait to go back and see how the gardens change each season! Beautiful! Never having been to a desert before I was a great experience to see the beautiful desert gardens. Adults get in at $22. Parking is free" My first time here and already planing on coming back we were here for my 2 daughters event on day of the death it's a nice celebration my kids were dancing food was good music good and the wheater couldn't it be better for an outdoor event we are coming back closer to Christmas. Pretty cool place to check out if your into gardens and horticulture. Great exhibition of desert plant life. Come by and check it out if your nearby.  although for $22 per person just to walk around in the garden is pretty steep (hence the 4 stars) the small little exhibits and info of the plants were very interesting and seeing the wildlife like butterflies and hummingbirds only inches from you is great as well !" This is my perhaps 4th visit and a must visit every time I'm in Arizona."   came here for the chili and chocolate event and it did not disappoint. They had both an indoor and outdoor section.  There was also a stage for cultural shows as well.  I'd come back here again."  but you would not have known until you got to the parking lot - it is that quiet.  The security staff were very cordial and helpful too.  When an elderly member of our party left their cane in the go-cart rental office My boyfriend and I went because we got free tickets from the library. I expected to see some pretty flowers but all I saw was plants and trees. They are okay but I prefer flowers. I wouldn't pay any money to go back. First time was enough for me.  a wedding reception in the outdoor pavilion.  You really cant ask for a better venue. Surrounded be acres of desert foliage  but the entire grounds were then covered in lights and the paths were lined with luminaries.  There were a variety of genres of live music playing all around the gardens and plenty of warm and cold beverages to enjoy while walking along and enjoying the beautiful lights display.  We had our 11 year old with us and while this event was great for young and old I think this is worth seeing but I would be hard pressed to spend for an annual pass."  people were trying to purchase tix and could not get any!  The event was lovely and not too crowded but plenty of people.  We went around 6:30p and stayed for over two hours.  The employees also had some telescopes out and we could view the stars.  The light exhibits were pretty and easy to tour." I 5/5 highly recommend the Desert Botanical Garden!"  the evening was packed with festive fun. They make a MEAN hot chocolate as well. It tasted like Irish Cream! It is a great evening for all ages and a must see in the Valley. I can't wait to go back next year! Thank you to the wonderful staff for being so helpful and navigating us through the gardens!"  I wasn't sure what to expect when coming to this event and I was pleasantly surprised. I highly recommend it to anyone for any music fan or someone looking for something to do during the holidays...." What a great way to spend a few hours. They do a great job and the mountains behind it are awesome. They do give a aaa discount too.  & on desert communities. The walkways are clearly marked. Signage is good. There is food available. Note that it is very hard to get tickets for the holiday lights special timings during Christmas time  dinner at Gertrude  on site.Continued to see fiber optic lights on the desert mountain side at night fall beautiful."  for example) to explain what people in the desert used to use for food. Beauty was everywhere I looked and there were nice maps and explanations of plants."  its nice place to take a walk before going out for dinner and drinks if you are in the area." If you're looking for a new place to take your hot date (or your hot grandma) We went in the last week of December when they had the Las Noches de las Luminarias and Bruce Munro Sonoran Light event. It was an excellent experience. We hope to be back next year! 9. Have a good time !"  think about using that day's fee towards purchasing a membership on the way out.  You'll also get a free entrance to a few hundred other gardens through their reciprocal admissions program."  6 and 8 love exploring around.  I have enjoyed coming at different times during the year and seeing how the plants change.  The volunteers are so helpful!  We have really learned a lot!" The exhibit was kind of cool to see but was redundant after about 30 minutes. Fiber optics lit up the mountain side which was just breath taking  tranquil place to go for a stroll amongst our desert habitat. Special exhibits and events such as Chihuly and Las Noches de Las Luminarias are always done very tastefully to further compliment the garden. Getting an annual membership is well worth the investment as paying admission for each visit can get costly depending on how often one visits the garden. Staff is also knowledgable and friendly."  and relaxation areas while you walk around. You can learn a lot from all of the plaques or just wander around and enjoy nature. My family was there for about 3 hours. Kind of expensive admission fee but active duty military get in for free!"  the gardens regularly offers up art installations in a bid to get folks back.  It works - beautifully.  We saw the Chihuly exhibit years ago and we were back this time for the Bruce Munro exhibition.  Absolutely stunning - it runs through May - don't miss it." Dog's Day in the Gardens was such a great day for my pooch and me. Volunteers were plentiful to help with directions and answer questions. Filled water bowls were scattered throughout the gardens.  I loved the yoga class with my dog. The yogi showed us how to massage and bond with our pets in a unique way. The weather was perfect for strolling the trails. Live music was provided on the restaurant patios. I did not encounter one misbehavior from either a dog or person. It was a lovely morning. What a beautiful place!! A little pricey .. But I understand why. There was several places to go off the main trail so many things to do .. There is so much beauty to the desert. Echo chambers are really fun also.. The whole experience was just awesome. Got a great deal on a membership and I really enjoy walking around the garden. We attended Dog Day in the Garden and it was a blast. Will definitely visit again. It's a must do for family wanting to get that Arizona experience."  was amazing. Had lunch at Gertrude's - it was great service and the food was outstanding. We went back tonight to see the light show "I am sure there are virtually no negative reviews of the garden. It is a great place to spend a few hours. It will both delight the visual senses and add a few things to your knowledge base. The staff can answer almost any question you may have and will also add some very interesting facts about the many Excellent day trip for locals and visitors to our state.  perfect to give to friends and family. I saw tiny magnetic potted succulents (heart shaped!!) and tiny tiny cacti" Call ahead to ask how much of their areas are closed" "Hidden gem of the valley in my book. Great date spot. As much as I hate the desert Came here over the weekend and could not believe the beauty of this place. It was the nighttime exhibit highlighting the work of Bruno Munro. Tickets to this event in particular were $25 but well worth every penny. The beauty of the lights and the landscape were astonishing. The weather was perfect for a mid February night.  The smells of the different trees and plants was an extra nice bonus. I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys nature & desert landscapes. I will definitely be visiting this place again.  the lady explaining this event to me should have mentioned advance reservations are absolute!)  O.K. so we'll go somewhere else!  No!!!  The Patio Cafe closes at 4 pm.  Why couldn't this alternative stay open for the dates of this event??  There were so many hungry frustrated people wanting to eat!  The little Light Lounge was CRAMMED with people Very pricey! Save your cash & look @ all the pics people have posted!! Very uneven walking... Dark pathways... Overcharging seems OK to all in charge!! I took my sister here while she was visiting. She absolutely loved it! There was plenty of seating along the way just in case you needed a rest. I couldn't believe all the wildlife we saw up close! We were sitting on the patio and a pair of Roadrunners showed up with a covey of Quail and even a small Ground Squirrel. If you're a Birder like me you need to take your binoculars because you'll see many species! It was a great day trip and I'd recommend it to any one. Beautifully arranged. Great gift shop. It was a last minute unplanned visit and didn't have a hat with me. Great selection and I purchased one that covered my neck and upper back. Everyone was very nice. Place was incredible.  Both the variety of plants but also the care they obviously show for these plants under their care!  It really should be on anybody's list when they visit Phoenix. "Went in the evening for the Sonoran Light exhibit. It was other worldly to walk through the garden at night. The desert has a completely different feel when seen by lights in the dark Came for the Bruce Munro exhibit and it was amazing! I cannot wait to visit during the day and see the entire garden. The staff was very friendly and everything was clean! "Wow! I could not believe my eyes. This is a very large exhibit. The walking trails are wide and accepting to motorized wheel chairs. There are a good many seating sights scattered throughout the exhibit to offer rest and senses upload. We were treated today by the delightful music of a live orchestra on sight. The comfortable temperature  take a trip to the Desert Botanical Garden.  It's an easy train to bus ride if you are downtown.  Bring water All in all besides ""life"" getting in the way lol. I enjoyed the lights they are extremely creative and so worth it!"  this is a perfect way to get a peek at all the variety we have here.  On my first visit I was surprised by all the historical info in the exhibits.  I learned a lot and this is now a must when family comes to town!  Catch the butterfly exhibit with the kids and you are an instant hero.  :)"  so that you can appreciate these works of art. Be sure to check the hours the garden is open  It was worse then being at Disney!! Save the $25 and go for a hike around the valley "This is a very lovely park with a lot to see!  We spent way longer here than we thought we would. Many loops and trails to walk. Wonderful shady places to sit and relax. We went on a Saturday and artists were scattered throughout the park. Employees were helpful and friendly. I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the gardens It was $25 well spent! Especially since it was like seeing two different gardens." thought I'd see more glass art like was displayed at the entry - kind of a tourist trap with over priced Christmas cactus in the gift shop.  They also had areas blocked for private parties  we've also been to the Monarch Migration & previous events held in the Butterfly Pavilion.  We normally visit every spring and usually a few other times during the year.  The wildlife you come across while walking the trails is always amazing to see.  Nice outdoor cafe in the back We visited the garden during a special light installation from Bruce Munro: Sonoran Light.  We arrived at sunset and it was packed!  I wasn't surprised since the marketing for this event was on par all over the tv.  No worries The DBG is always a favorite when we visit Scottsdale. This year the blooms were especially magnificent. It's a unique garden with good variety and unusual plants. The staff are wonderful (with the exception of the super crabby lady in charge of the ticket booth - but maybe she caught the 'prickly' from the plants!) The Bruce Munro was interesting. I had seen his installation in Atlanta. I think it shows off better with more varied terrain - but still lovely.  so luckily we didn't have to pay. I don't think it's worth the $22 admission fee unless you really want to see a bunch of cacti or maybe come at night for the lights. I didn't stick around to see the night show because I was dying of the heat. Plus to top it off I got all these prickly little red things stuck in my hand that hurt like hell. I'm not sure how that happened because I didn't touch anything and I'm not stupid enough to to run my hand  along a cactus. I had to go to first aid to have them take it off and it still hurts. It happened to someone else in my group so it wasn't just me. That probably isn't something to worry about though...those type of things just seem to happen to me. FML" Loved the Bruce Monroe light show!! Would highly recommend. You won't regret going to this beautiful lighting show Great place to see desert plants and some wildlife. It was really hot though so we had to cut out before we melted to the pavement. Definitely need to visit as soon as they open to avoid the heat. Bring a camera - there were so many great views to capture. "Pretty neat botanical garden.   Very well laid out with a good map and even better volunteers helping to answer direction questions.   Lots of little lizards  I recommend you not go and save yourself at least $25.00 as that was the admission per person."  architecture and overall experience was lots of fun really amazing selection of plants."  but they also have beautiful artwork and lots of unique pieces for sale. I must have spent 20-30 minutes in there alone!" What an amazing place.  The gardens are well kept and beautiful.  Plenty of staff around if you have questions.  I'm a visitor to Arizona so I learned a lot.  It was well worth the trip and the admission.  Great morning. We had been hiking all over Arizona on our vacation but the botanical garden captured all the different regions. We were also there for blooms!  I really enjoyed the Native American loop... Good stuff in there. I can't wait to return to explore some more at one of Arizona's must see spots in the valley!"  a walk through the Garden can feel like wandering through Death Valley "Saw the Chihuly glass exhibit at DBG and loved it.  Thought we'd follow up with a family venture back to DBG for the Munro light exhibit for Mother's Day but was bitterly disappointed.  DBG is a great place to walk around If you are in the Phoenix area definitely stop by. Beautiful gardens and good restaurant. I'll be back.  there is a reasonable admission fee to get in.  The Garden is in a beautiful and natural setting with lots and lots of different variety of the Cacti species This really is a case of ""a picture is worth a thousand words"".  Look at the photo gallery and go!" I stopped by here while on vacation. Helpful and friendly staff. I would say a definite stop if new to the Phoenix area like me. "This place is beautiful! We attended one of their music in the garden concerts and had a wonderful time.  I would definitely like to return and walk some of their trails while taking in the beautiful surroundings.  I'd also l like to try the on-site restaurant  everything decides to wake up and celebrate! Lots of walking to do.. So if you have mobility issues you may want a cane or wheelchair. I suggest sun screen and hats...you are in an outdoor museum.and please bring your cameras My mother and I visited this place while vacationing in Phoenix and it was breath taking! The wildflower exhibit is my favorite and walking through the herbal garden was invigorating! Make sure to wear sunscreen and bring a big water bottle to beat the heat. Wear your walking shoes too! This is a stop you must make if you're making a trip to Phoenix! Remember to put on some sunscreen and bring a hat when you are in the garden. Everything was outdoor! It was super sunny/hot and dry when I was there  and willing to answer any questions you may have and offer education about the many things to see in this park.  The Botanical Garden offers a 10% discount on admission if you are a member of AAA (American Automobile Association).  I have read about the many other great seasonal festivals here such as the Chocolate Festival :) and the Luminaries during the holidays.  I look forward to visiting again in the future to partake in these." We had an amazing time here! Very educational and absolutely gorgeous. Wildlife is abundant and many of the animals I was surprised to see lived in the desert! The staff was helpful and very friendly. You should absolutely visit when you travel to Phoenix!  this a great place to visit without having to go out too far. Plus check Groupon for discounted ticket deals." I'm from North Carolina and out in Arizona for work.  I needed something to get me out of the hotel with some scenery.  The gardens had some of the most amazing scenic shots ever!  I took a million pictures and all the volunteers were so friendly.  Totally worth the admission fee!  Take some good walking shoes and some water! This is my favorite place to visit on a day off. I love how there are pockets of nature that are like sanctuaries. I also love all the wildlife running around. There is always an event too! The sculptures really add to the ambiance!  we only covered half of the garden and look forward to coming back in cooler weather. Great glass sculptures near the entrance. We noticed and were thrilled by the cactus sundial. We appreciated all the water fountains at various stations. We came during the evening and saw wildlife: desert cottontails 