 but this is a smaller alley with a huge upside to it: BYOB. The last time I went with friends we brought a 30 pack and pizza on the off chance that they'd let us  and may you bowl many turkeys." If you can get past the super ghetto and retro stylings you will surely have a great time." "I've been to this bowling alley twice for family events and each time I have been pleasantly surprised with how nice it is. The facility has 44 bowling lanes and a bar with plenty of seating and a pool table. The atmosphere is updated and very clean. I felt they had done a nice job with helping my group to hold an event here as well. The food is a little bit above average for what you expect for bowling alley food and the full service bar is a nice perk. The arcade they have here is pretty small an pitiful Nice clean center priors is good decent food but lane maintenance is horrible screw caps on the lane surface are missing off spot pins ZERO OIL so great for a night out bad for practice But the bowling is good and that's what counts. We had a good time with the few arcade games there as well."  staff very friendly and patient with the students. Would of been 4 stars but some of the accessible bowling Ramps need replaced."  and the staff was great.  I didn't eat from the snack bar so I can't comment on anything the menu.  I got a soda for 2.50 that was free refills!  Overall a great experience ensuring my return."  a nice local joint to remind me how frustrating bowling makes me."  especially after checking into prices at the epicenter bowling alley which were outrageous.  There's a cute little diner in the bowling alley that I always want to try but we've never ordered food here.  There's nothing too special about this place but if you're looking to bowl in the Belmont area this is the place I'd recommend (unless you want to get your drink on in which case you'll need to go somewhere else  but would go back if invited and would recommend for a local or someone like me just there for the night."  & has pool tables. What else could you ask for in a bowling alley?"  where the food is pure comfort and totally cheap! Watch for daily specials and enjoy the nostalgic lunch experience. Recommend everything and don't forget to feed the tip jar!" Please just increase your prices and invest in some upgrades."  togo boxes or anything else you need that is if they will ever look at you so you can get their attention.  It is ridiculous!! They need to find new wait staff who are attentive and friendly!! They do not act like they care about the customers or of the get a good tip!!  Again....food is really good but night and weekend wait staff are just plain HORRIBLE!!"  even if the burgers are a buck.  Expensive bowling Its a hick bowling alley.  Cheap bar food. The bartenders are mainly part timers but are attentive and don't leave you long with an empty glass. During any sport games it takes a little longer but it is understandable with a lot of hometowners in the place"  get some better staff.  Perhaps ensure that your staff can stay sober." Chicken nachos were good and plentiful.  Quarter pound cheeseburger was good too. Service great. Worth checking out if your looking for a burger sandwich...and prices are quite good."  but their prices for open bowling are more expensive and the atmosphere is noiser  but everything fried on a Friday tastes like fish.  Probably not a big deal if you like fish taste  2 stars. I'll go back for the Badger Bus and the bowling  free! Had a burger on last visit which was quite possibly the best I have ever had! Fresh I eat lunch here about 3 times a week.  They have a different special each day of the week Monday through Friday.  Always friendly!  I would definitely recommend if you are looking for a place to eat some lunch. I spent the better part of a year going to MSB with some gentlemen that I support in the community. I always had great service and always got a medium rare burger when I asked for one. Their gyros are awesome too!" The best part about the Sport Bowl is that if you feel some postprandial guilt for your frenzied ingestion of large amounts of fat and grease The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The owners put a lot of hard work and time into this place lN-5-YTsaJr_IByyA476iw "Tried to go bowling on a Saturday night.  Was fairly busy but not packed.  Was told it wouldn't be long.  Went to bar and waited.  2 Tito's vodka and Juice for $16.  Wow.  Ludicrous. After waiting about 1 2 hour I went to check back on our bowling reservation and was told someone messed up and put others ahead of us.  He'd let us know when something freed up. Promptly left We did not have anything to eat at Bowl-A-Vard. It looks like they offer more than the standard bowling alley pizza and fried food. Someone else will have to tell us how the snacks are." bAew9nt-tw8YGjjD64gVWQ They also had a salad bar that accompanied the fish fry.  Sad thing about that was that most of the options were empty or VERY messy.  The manager was even looking at the salad bar and did nothing to address it the entire time we were there.  Very odd."  etc. This place can be busy if a Packers or Badgers game is on. Lots of big T.V.'s as well. I like this place during the week when its not too busy." The prices fluctuate a lot depending on the day you go and what kind of deals they have going on. We always call ahead to see what the prices are that night. There was a deal listed on their website on the second to last time we were there but they told us it had ended and that they wouldn't honor it anymore." If you bowl this place is for you!  Bowl-A-Vard Lanes was the last place my Dad and I spent quality time together (mid Jul-13).  He enjoyed bowling and pool in his younger days so it was the perfect place to take him.  He was amazed and impressed with their 40 bowling lanes.  I'd have a beer and bowl a round there any day. Horrible service in the bar. Went to meet friends for after work drinks. Rude and inattentive bartenders even though it wasn't busy. First and last time I will ever go here.  and myself went there for fish on black Friday. We were surprised that it was not very busy so we thought we would get service pretty quickly. We sat at a table near the salad bar and waited....and waited... and waited. We saw one server and also saw another table waiting for service as well. The waitress never once acknowledged that we were sitting there and she had to pass our table to to wait on another table. All the waitress had to do was say she would be right with us...or SOMETHING. After waiting a half hour with no word from the waitress  15 min after we finished our food a different waitress came with our bill... We were never asked if we wanted more. We told them we were not going to pay for all you can eat when we got the same amount as a regular order. After the whole experience taking over an hour and a half my boyfriend is now sick from the food "I'll admit we have also had some of the same complaints here about service as the other reviews but decided to try again.  The Friday fish is very good and our latest visit was a huge improvement.   As soon as we found a table the server Allie was right there to get drink orders.  The place was somewhat busy but drinks came right out.  Our orders were delivered within 10 or 15 minutes "They have very friendly staff! The lanes are nice and all is well maintained. But I must confess that what I love the most about B-A-V is their Cuban sandwich! I've made it a point to try a Cuban sandwich  and I would never go back for a fish fry again. Very blah. Commercialized. And cold. It's a Wisconsin staple -- you have to get it right!"  and I would never go back for a fish fry again. Very blah. Commercialized. And cold. It's a Wisconsin staple -- you have to get it right!" We try different fish frys every week. This week was a disaster. Sat at a table for 10 minutes- watched a waitress pass us THREE times without acknowledging us- later to find out it was 'because it wasn't he turn'. (how about basic courtesy?) Catch of the day advertised on the menu  except that I'm not very good at it.  Huge place with many lanes for the bowlers.  The terminals at the lanes seem pretty modern.  The animations on the monitors above the lanes are quite entertaining.  Huge bar and entertainment area for the non-bowlers.  There are many tap lines including craft beer selections.  I didn't eat while I was there This is unfortunate. We live within walking distance but have always gone to Villiage Lanes in Monona. The customer service there is much better... steer clear of Dream Lanes."  I love bowling here. Highly recommended!" We go to other bowling places but always return here. We like the laid back atmosphere and usually there is easy access to lanes. Summer specials make it grest for kids. The Pizza Pit inside has a small arcade and decent 'za. Good variety of beers on tap at the bar.  the staff just sucks. Pick another spot to have your event /party/whatever. The staff are extremely rude and not very accommodating. Prices are a bit high too. It kind of explains why nobody comes here." "My partner and I went here on a summer Saturday night around 7:00 and were the only ones bowling.  The bar inside had some customers.  Overall  so that was cool of them. The black light bowling was fun. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them for bowling parties a bit off the beaten track Solid bowling alley. No more no less. The food is exactly what you should expect from bowling alley food (average bar good; the highlight was the pretzel bites). Friendly service.  Good beers (Karbon 4! I love Karbon 4 and you can't get it everywhere). Three stars because it's exactly what it purports to be (a bowling alley) plus bonus star for carrying Karbon 4.  but you know...I still wish I could crash out in the art gallery for a bit. Did we really need that Jamba Juice?" "I stand blissfully corrected - someone just messaged me to let me know that my beloved Union Art Gallery has moved to the NW corner of the Union Great atmosphere-Multicultural-Wireless-Plenty of seating-Hotel for guests-Lounge-Large flatscreen HD TV's-Comfortable temperature-Restrooms-Clean-Quiet-Outstanding maintenance crew! Does anyone remember when the Illini Union used to have a real cafeteria in the basement where the food court now is? They served some of the best comfort food available.  This was 20 years ago!  U of I was a very nice campus  . . did I mention it was busy?" The entrance hall is very relaxing with ancient looking clock and couches." "Illinois' Union building is okay... It has some interesting performances and events every once in a while in the cafe 12. Finally if you want you can even book a room at the Union Hotel for the night"  did I mention that this place is also a hotel? That's right! It is also a great hotel if you are from out of town and want to visit the campus The Illinois Student Senate office is located here as well as their meetings."  but I don't mind that kind of thing so much in a bowling alley.  Hopefully you won't either."  because it's part of the Food City strip mall and there's no recessed step down into the bowling area like most alleys have.  An OK place to bowl  all games and shoes are a paltry $2! Fantastic. And quite simply I cannot bowl without alcohol. It's like some people with karaoke. Of course each time I fell on my ass (and it was frequently) I blamed the slippery floor. It COULDN'T be that third pitcher! I don't know what the drink prices are there "" we were told on our way to turn in our sweaty shoes. ""Aww I'd like to be more like The Dude from the Big Lebowski every time I go bowling I am still searching for a ""GOOD"" bowling alley." I don't know that I would personally return to this location  the best thing I liked about this place was that the Budweiser bottles are shaped like a bowling pin. And someone else was paying for the game and shoe rental. I threw respectably and got to talk smack to my fellow bowlers. That'll do  it isn't anything stellar.  It is clean and they do have a decent beer selection for a bowling alley.  The owner/manager is really nice and helpful which makes me want to like this place so much more.  I feel like there isn't really a good bowling place that isn't Lucky Strike (which tries to be more like a dance club than anything else).  So until I find a happy medium  but it's actually pretty nice inside. It's great for kids...they have light-weight balls and they'll set up the bumpers for you. The food/beer is reasonable and usually after you pay  it's OK and it will certainly do in a pinch.  I really would love to find a ""good"" bowling alley in the area  but its very wheelchair friendly. The staff helps with whatever they can So I would call this an authentic bowling experience whereas Lucky Strike (or even Scottsdale Lanes) is more like the refined I guess just 3 stars cuz of  lack of cool vidoes The staff is nice. The scorekeepers have recently been updated from what I was told and do the job - nothing fancy. If you're looking for an ""old school"" bowling alley - a place to have fun without the attitude or frills then this place is it."  they wont fit the balls.. which in my opinion is like the # 1 thing when bowling... having a ball that fits... oh well. The lanes are oiled to hell and you feel like youll slip every time you go down to bowl.. thats awesome.. pay 15.00 to fit my fingers into smaller holes This place is dated. The bar improvements look nice if the temperature wasn't sweltering...the monitors are old too. I'd much rather go to the alley on Scottsdale and Thomas.  message me if you want more details....I bowl a lot and can help you out! Later fellow Yelpers!" **the only reason they got a 4 and not a 5 star review is because Lucky Strike is a tiny bit better I went here with my family last night and had a great time.  After a warm-up "This place is in sort of a rough area. It's not the nicest bowling alley in the whole world but overall this place is awesome. if you haven't been yet you need to give it a try despite its absolutely terrible location."  I had af fantastic time. I bowled my ass off. I slipped. I guttered. I drank more Bud Light than I have since 8th grade yearbook camp. Damn. I am so bloated. Front desk/shoe rental fiasco with Dave  yes we do have a ball problem." *minus the extra star for not having any matches" The minuses I have to say are the lack of tables at each alley and the archaic ball retrieval machine thingy - which lacked an air dryer.  When it comes down to it ""The Dude abides. . .""" "I've lived in this 'hood for well over 25 years and I've seen this bowling alley go from the ""original"" Northgate to the Sunset Bowl.  Although we mourned the passing of Northgate and one of the finest bowling alley diners in Phoenix in the ""Jubilee Cafe All I really have left to say is that this is the best bowling alley I have ever been to!" anyway it was a good night and i would totally recommend this alley for cosmic bowl anytime." Sunset Bowl is pretty damned close to exactly what a bowling alley should be; and remember ""This is not 'Nam. This is bowling. There are rules.""" Sunset Bowl also was willing to work with our event in advance and was super fantastic. They make me want to go bowling more often." I'm only deducting a star because there is no longer a restaurant there. I was so counting on some chili cheese fries to fuel my bowling." The pro shop and restaurant are an endless revolving door. If you book a party here I was here just last Friday night for a girlfriend's birthday and we had a blast.  It was during cosmic bowling and I think EVERYONE had a great time.  Cedric Ceballos was the DJ (yep Shea Village is kinda hidden on the NW corner of Shea & 32nd St.  You won't see the building right away but you will see the sign  but the ones they have vary. This bowling alley is a good one because it's a little off the beaten path which means you can actually call and reserve a lane at 6:00 PM on a Saturday night for 7:45 PM. The bowling alley is full of hs students You're on the road to recovery my friend...a changed man I highly recommend changing up your evening activity with a night of bowling every now and then... it's guaranteed fun "Just finished a Wednesday night league and everything was great. Just wish AMF had some healthier  it's the third time somebody threw out racial slurs at my group. I am beginning to think the place is for rednecks and the like. D&B bowling lanes are better." Oh & one thing that was pretty annoying was that we all ordered some food to munch on & a couple pitchers of beer. I put my debit card on hold for the tab & when the bill came I asked if we could apply $64 in cash to our tab & I'd pay the rest with my card. After waiting for about 10 minutes I went up to the bar to see what the problem was. The manager informed me that she would have to void the transaction but that the charge would remain on my account for 7 days We had a blast at AMF Desert Hills a few weeks ago! The service was the most friendly I've ever experienced at a bowling alley. They actually came to our lane several times to check on us and make sure we were taken care of. Brought our food to us from the snack bar and everything! Never had this kind of treatment at a bowling alley before! Looking forward to going back for another family night! *Side tip: If you sign up for summer bowling '11 you get a tattoo parlor giftcard. Nifty!!!" If you wanna bowl try the other locations and incase you have to go this one make sure you don''t go for the unlimited pizza (lol) deal and maybe just stick to bowling." Probably better for families or kids outings than young adults or couples." I would much rather go to anyother location."  at a birthday party or a combo of both.  This bowling alley is not amazing but its not terrible either and they do have cosmic bowling if your into that kind of baloney  the people next to us were acting quite immature and not even bowling most of the time.  They were walking down the lane and lying down on the ground.  This was annoying especially because they received two lanes for three people and when I brought this up to the front desk  but at least have some respect for customers by listing times as ""may vary by night and number of customers at employee discretion"" so that we have fair warning that we might not get to stay until the advertised times. It sucks to arrive somewhere to find that out."  which I told the manager.  How disgusting!!  I will NEVER have food there!  The staff just doesn't to care like it used to with the old owners.  Plus now they charge for coffee for league bowlers!  They never used to before.  It's just gone downhill!  If it wasn't for my wonderful team members  we've never had an issue here amd the staff is generally very nice. And if you drink while you bowl 12 dollar pitchers are decently affordable." "My 4-yr-old just had his birthday party at this location. It was a lot of fun. The kid ramps were broken  but I assume thats because its late night? I dont know. My review is strictly on Monday nights after 8pm. Haha"  not a great place to go to since the place looked rundown.  I rather drive over to 19th Ave. & Bethany Home Rd. in Phoenix or Scottsdale & Thomas in Scottsdale.  The machine is hard to figure out too."  the men's restroom did not have paper towels at the beginning of our evening and the seating for the bowlers was sub-par - far worse than other alleys we've been to." Horrible service .... everything here keeps breaking down . I was here for 2 hrs and only got through 2 games because of lane issues will definitely be going to Brunswick now on. Ok i love bowling. And my friends. Wanted to go so i had never been at this place i like it till i went to the bar the first lady was nice. Then i went again and the second. Bartender. Was super. Rude i was talking to someone and asking him why did they close the lil food area and she went off on me she event went to go get the cook so he could tell me. ..... but she was really. Rude cause i wasn't. Event talking to her and ill never go there again the customer. Services. Suck :(   they skipped over me and took the next person... um hello....? I found it very disrespectful. Maybe training staff on customer service is a must... just sayin"  after 10pm it became ""Extreme Bowling"" - which here it means spinning party lights and neon and lots of DRAKE. Why guys? Why?! LOL" Wonderful day. Great bowling experience! if you want to bowl at a legit place go to let it roll instead"  she is an angry person that doesn't care about customer service. Danny the GM and Taylor are hands down the best employees they have. Despite the terrible experience I had they did everything they could to make it right. Great place fun atmosphere but watch out for Karen."  pretzels and a wrap- all were really good. We will be back." The lanes are what I come for and they seem extremely decent.  I am new to league bowling bit at these lanes when you roll the ball it feels like actual bowling. Other lanes seem super dry compared to these.  Now I just need to become a better bowler.  :)  we ordered a few pizzas which tasted great. Two towers (100oz) of Coors Light for a great price. Definitely will come back again." DONT. COME. HERE. Unless you are a ""bowling pro"" cause apparently that's the only way they respect you as a customer." "I am at these lanes twice a week with my family.  The staff has always been super friendly and helpful.  The front desk crew is always quick to fix the problems that can occur when you have youngsters bowling and they go out of their way to give the kids tips to improve their bowling.  Christina and Nick are especially nice!  The food at the snack bar is surprisingly good  though I didn't use that.)  And the prices are reasonable.  If you're going to bowl Had a groupon deal for 2 hours of unlimited bowling and shoe rental and we had a very nice time." "Great experience! We did 2 hours of bowling for 6 of us and we all had a blast! No complaints The people who work there were very inattentive to problems with the lane we rented when we were having problems and the game froze we were trying to find someone to help us for 10 minutes then we saw the  employees walk in from their smoke break it wasted about 20 minutes of our bowling time and we had only rented for an hour that's almost half the time! Very unacceptable with no apologies I wonder what they were smoking out there "This place is close to our house and we come here quite often in the summer when it's ridiculously hot outside.  We've never really had any problems and usually don't have to wait long for a lane 