 get ""The Mixed Grill""... Gab and Eat's brand of the ""kitchen sink"" breakfast that all Midwest places are about."  that's all I have to say. The Gab and Eat is famous and infamous. Diner food is what's up and I like it. When I was a roofing mechanic  well lets just say I don't think there are two matching plates or coffee mugs in the joint.  But the coffee's good and hot and refreshed often as the service is good  but when nothing but monster morning food will do  the server was very friendly in a busy grandma kind of way.  The best part - they have ""dippy"" eggs on the menu and define the degree of dippy you can order.  For anyone who has never heard of a ""dippy"" egg - this means sunny side up or over medium where the eggs are still runny and you can dip your bread in them.  The eggs were great - I ordered mine over medium "I miss this place. When I return home to pittsburgh this is always a must to ease myself into a saturday morning recovery after getting banged up on cheap south side cocktails the night before. When I think of pittsburgh -My favorite item: hot sausage sandwich on thick Italian toast Love this place.  Never had a bad meal.  Good portions and great people.  Be ready to stand in line. Remember it is a diner.  Don't expect fancy decor."  the food was awesome and the service was great.  Tiny place with a friendly atmosphere.  The homemade italian toast is wonderful.  I suggest the mix grill with a side of sausage Definitely a greasy spoon! Always packed here and always a wait but worth it. The omelets are really tastey especially with their homemade sausage. I also like the mixed grill.  My parents love their burgers. Took off a star for lumpy booths and really tight tables (your arm gets hit when someone walks past) oh and waitresses aren't very attentive. Have fun finding a table on the weekend :)"  and Gino at the counter every a.m. about 0830 and say hi. Try the mixed grill (half)." I'd rather go to a Denny's and order the ""create your own Grand Slam!""" It's hard to find a place that makes a better breakfast than you could make by yourself at home  and especially the breakfast. Never been disappointed. You have to try French toast with raisin bread too... yummy!" Great Diner!  Their breakfast is the best in the area!  Lots of  choices and always good.  Love the unique mugs they use for coffee and all the writing on the wall.  Get there early otherwise you will not get a seat!  They have homemade hot sweet sausage and texas toast. A few tips: 1.) Order the Mixed Grill.  2.) Cash only!  3.) Gab and Eat is a popular place but also very small and narrow (or cozy if you will).  I recommend going during the week when they are still busy but can accomodate a group.  That way you won't feel rushed or crowded.  4.) Get to Gab and Eat ASAP!  You'll be glad you did!" Only bad thing that could happen is some douche bag from the Food Network or Travel Channel will make this place famous I will definitely go back after I buy some new stretchy pants."  but the wait is never too long.  Everyone is friendly and has obviously been working there for a while.  If you are feeling like lunch food go a little later Good local spot to grab breakfast. Good prices for the amount of food you get. You can sit at the booths or at the counter  interesting coffee mugs. They have great deserts and such also. Bring your cash though as they dont' take cards." Can't wait to return." "This is exactly what a breakfast place should be like--comfortable While I can't say it's the best breakfast in Pittsburgh (only here 3 days)  silverware and napkins at us as she walked behind the counter.  At least she didn't throw the food when it came!   She also served the fries and Onion rings way before our burgers came out which was kind of weird.   They were nice and hot but would have been cold had we waited for the burgers.   It didn't factor into my four star rating but I deduct a star from nephew because he invited us out to lunch then allowed me pay!   Just kidding Justin!   Love ya!" Totally recommended. Come hungry." Wow! Read the great reviews and I was not let down. Huge portions. The mixed grill was THE best breakfast I've ever had. If you go to Pittsburgh it is a must eat. Service was superb. Friendly staff. Led zeppelin on the walls. .....what else could you ask for?  it gets a little boring after awhile. So today when I arrived I expected the same old experience. Wow was I wrong! As soon as I looked at the door I knew something was different. The place seemed lighter and brighter. To my pleasant surprise "A gem. The coffee cups are mismatched . The owner is three feet away from me cooking. The sausage is made for them locally. And the food is frickin awesome. I had the pancakes Best breakfast and lunch food in the Pgh South Hills hands down."  Cajun homefries and crispy bacon. Gab and Eat is definitely a place I world recommend to locals. I was stuffed and the bill was only $8.00."  and most times I've been there the owner is cooking at the grill herself." A fine breakfast joint. You gotta love the small diners. Highly recommended. "Gab n Eat is the best breakfast in Pittsburgh and always a treat.  We went there around 11:30 which brought up the lunch. Vs breakfast debate. I saw another customers soup and knew i would have to try it. The soup was a  Lobster Bisque and it was amazing.....creamy deliciousness. I could have had a quart of it. Yum!  I ended up ordering the create your own mixed grill. (When at Gab n Eat. You have to order the 1 2 grill) I had mine with bacon. Bacon was crisp and delish. and M ordered the regular mixed grill. We also shared an order of potato pancakes. They even brought us 2 sides of applesauce and sour cream. The pancakes could have been a tiny bit crisper  but we probably won't go out of our way to go here again  this is a great cheap eats for both lunch and breakfast. Its almost like going back in time to where the old style local diners or Isaly's to get made to order diner style food. Love the eggs made perfectly to order and a variety of lunch offering at extremely affordable prices. I only wish Gab & Eat would move to my neighborhood."  then booths set up right beside it! They also have a pretty cool breakfast bar where you can sit and watch them grill all of the food to order. The coffee cups didn't match - they were all Christmas mugs lol - they have a wall in the back where you can sign your name with a dry erase marker  and a great ""diner"" atmosphere.  It's the kind of place that allows you to decompress and enjoy good conversation with friends." One of my favorite breakfast stops in Pittsburgh! Can't beat the hometown feel of this place. Always had great service.  which was surprising because we've been to a lot of diners. My husband and I both got omelettes and agreed that the contents were not really cooked with the egg. It's almost like the egg was completely cooked and someone threw the cooked contents in there and just folded it over. As for my mushroom and cheese omelette A hidden gem. Don't miss it." THE best breakfast place BY FAR. I never even liked breakfast food until trying their eggs and French toast. Cash only - be prepared."  and staff! The prices are great and the food is prepared quickly! Veggie omelet with cheese is my favorite!" A lot of food for a great price. Been eating here for years. They only take cash so make sure you stop by the ATM on your way there! My only complaint is that i ordered my mixed grill with cheese. I thought it was going to be shredded cheddar  and lettuce.... Bun was a smidge small for all the goodies in it but what's to complain about there?  My Date got the bagel sandwich and ""Hey Rayed"" it (adding breakfast potatoes and cole slaw) it was amazing and large enough that she now has lunch as well. I also got a cup the chicken poblano soup This place is great. Best ham and cheese inlet I've ever had! Their burgers are also delicious. Nice flat-top crust on the burger. I only wish they were open for dinner too!  too.}. I got the turkey club on wholewheat...OMG...it was delish.  Too much for me to eat because it came with a large plate of home made French Fries.  If you are really hungry and don't count calories...make a stop here."  the workers are very friendly and we love going there !!"  sausage...you name it. The service is what you'd expect it to be. :) love love love this place. You will more then likely have to wait for a seat on a weekend. Well worth the wait." Just be prepared to go for the food Used to love this place. People are nice and friendly.  Excellent food great pancakes Only stopped going after finding a roach in my potatoes   It's a shame the place was one of my favorites.  Bit can't go back after that experience This is our favorite breakfast spots.  Fast friendly service. You get more than what you pay for. Awesome!  my husband ordered a medium rare hamburger and got a burnt paper thin patty.  When we told the waitress she sent the cook over and he gave us attitude and was a total jerk.  He wanted to put my omelet in the microwave.  If I wanted a microwave omelet I would have gone to burger king." Gab and Eat is located in a small strip mall just on the cusp of the entrance to Carnegie. It is easy to miss if you are looking for a particular building." We were in and out within 30 minutes with our stomachs full and happy. They only take cash though. So make sure you have some green in your wallet before you stop by." I have food poisoning. 100% definitely food poisoning. I haven't eaten anything but pretzel rods and nutrition bars before breakfast here since 1pm the day before. I obviously haven't eaten since. There's actually no other place I could have contracted it." Breakfast was real good. Toast was great. 3 of us all liked our food. Plus got sandwiches to go. Lots of food for a  reasonable price. May have to wait to be seated. Great small diner. Will return again.  Carnegie Coffee Company down the street." Probably won't ever go back since there are similar breakfast places closer to where I live that are more kid friendly You really can't go wrong here. It's a great place for cheap eats!" It is a popular Denny's."  there is always a lot people and the waiters are nice; food portion is great as well!" If you want smth quick and it is late at night then i would say Denny's!"  (witching hours) you may see the cook singing and dancing along with the music in the back. And it is awesome! ! Love this place!!"  not very good.. but not really bad either. It's Denny's. When you walk into a Denny's.. you know exactly what you're getting into. Why the heck are you even reading reviews about a Denny's? That's like looking for reviews on an ice cream truck  good service too I have had several different dishes here and all have been excellent" "Chose Denny's for a very late (1:30pm) Sunday brunch. No wait. Quickly greeted and served. I ordered the half size of Moon Over My Hammy. It was just the right amount of food for me "I like the food at Denny's more than meals served at pricier restaurants. My favorite is the Bourbon Chicken Skillet. Even though it isn't advertised as being gluten-free  good food. Other Denny's pale in comparison to this location." Denny's has always been one of my favorite casual dining restaurants  while waitress flitted around...waited another 10 minutes and after 25 minutes of sitting there with the menu closed..I left. Coffee and water untouched. Waitress was too busy telling the customer in the next booth about her daughters almost wedding. Don't waste your time or money at this Denny's. Service is horrible and waitresses are the worst...food usually isn't great..but I can't speak for this visit...25 minutes and no one wanted to take my order. Ps...Kings had a great breakfast that day...service was great...only about 1.5 miles down the road."  but the food makes up for it. The french toast and pancakes are lovely too. This is not the place to go if you are dieting as they are GENEROUS with the butter. I like this place way better than Pamelas This place is PACKED on the weekends - be prepared to wait unless you get there very early.  The wait  and the ham was nice-- just salty enough. The potato pancakes were different than what I expected. I thought they would be like fried hashbrown cakes Note their hours are 6a - 3p. Metered street parking and a metered public lot down the block." The banana oatmeal pancakes were really special.  fresh and the staff was even better. Won't eat anywhere else for breakfast in the burg! Gotta get here" "This place has some of the best pancakes I've ever had. The staff is funny and great  but the place was packed and the food was well worth the wait." I would dine again.  if i am ever awake during their hours of operation." The food came fast but the waitress wasn't all that attentive. She was pleasant enough but we received no coffee or water refills. That's pretty much the only complaint. If you're in the area  get rid of the fake-o Mrs. Butterworths and put out some real maple syrup for those tasty pancakes. Really Go to The Original Pancake House about 10 minutes away for a better breakfast." Very nice place.  Crowded.  People were waiting outside.  Service was great and I was impressed with the food.  we stopped here for breakfast on a Sunday morning at around 10AM.  Beating the brunch rush was great.  We had a short wait but were seated quickly.  Service was friendly My breakfast was absolutely phenomenal. I specifically ordered the ham and eggs because it included their famous potato pancakes. They did not disappoint I tried every trick in the book to get what they put in them but no luck. I even promised some things I should be ashamed of LOL I would definitely recommend that if you are anywhere within 50 miles you need to make a trip here! "" came in and was greeted warmly by the waitstaff. He took a seat at the counter and the staff told him what specials they could make for him. (He ended up getting a chicken salad sandwich on texas toast plus a bowl of soup.) And he chatted with the staff as he enjoyed his lunch. I'm guessing that this guy like many others are regulars here and know what a great place this is and keep coming back." I think I'll look for reasons to come to Pittsburgh now that I know this restaurant exists. Yum."  cross the street and go to Potomac Bakery and take some sweets home  and decent prices and this place is truly a gem. Don't let the wait scare you unless you have a large group - people flow out of there pretty quickly  over 3000 miles away wishing the Dor-Stop was in his home town." Oh and try the potato pancakes  which were pretty ordinary.  Comes with the ordinary home fries." I would give it four stars if it weren't for the insane busy-ness of this place. It would be really great if they could expand. They also could really use chairs and benches outside for people who are waiting. I'm sure it's better during the week 2Igiyhi82R8_QaaPplRmCw Maybe these aren't the hugest pancakes in town (that honor goes to the MANcakes at Eggs-R-Us in Crafton) Both us really enjoyed our meals a lot!  Thanks again Yelpers I will defiantly be back to the Dor-Stop soon.  It is honestly one of the best breakfast places I have been to in the area." Add this place to your list when you visit Pittsburgh!" "After watching Diner's Drive In's and Dives this restaurant caught our attention.  After finally making it to Pittsburgh it was the first place we tried! I had the Jumbot (the mix of potatoes  but I didn't need any here! I also tried Darren's chocolate chip pancakes. The had so many semisweet chips in them I thought they were stuffed pancakes at first! Soooooo good but even one round cake would make me feel a bit sick from sugar overload. The staff seems able to keep up with the tidal wave of a crowd and get everyone in and out rather quickly. I like that! If you're looking for a place to relax and take your time We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves at a decent price and we will for sure be back."  and they came with powdered sugar which I don't like (wish the server told me beforehand). Average wait time to be seated and for food to arrive. OJ was pretty bad as well- like the cheap stuff you get from the grocery store. I like the fact the place is not a chain Fantastic.  And it's so close.  I should brunch there weekly."  go for tasty comfort food. Great pancakes. Expect a long wait on weekends!"  with a yogurt syrup topping. Definitely an indulgence. I did not give this 5 total stars as my eggs were slightly bland The opportunity area: syrup that does not come in an old-fashioned squeeze bottle!  It takes me about 15 minutes to get the disgusting amount of syrup I want atop my fluffy pancakes."  but if you can swing by early on a weekday you won't have to and the food will be just as good.  A friend of mine will call me now when she has to take her car to the dealership on West Liberty Avenue because she knows I will take her to the Dor-Stop.  It makes me feel all warm and fuzzy to share one of my happy places with a friend so it can be one of her happy places  but I will be coming back to Dor-Stop next time I visit!!"  do not come to Dor-Stop thinking they have become over-commercialized because  of their appearance on the Food Network. They have not. They are the same family-owned established where you can get no nonsense  service and absolutely amazing food.  If you are in Pittsburgh  make sure somebody in your group orders pancakes.  They are a must try.  The raspberry french toast is delicious and very filling too.  The omelets are good as well." I would DEFINITELY come back here if I lived in the area. Pay no mind to the wait time. Bring a book  potato pancakes are fresh and served with applesauce or sour cream. Great lunch sandwiches and also a nice diner atmosphere."  is delightful and the banana walnut hotcakes are amazing. I'm not sure it has been made clear but this is not banana flavoring  but sadly they ran out right when we were seated. Sad. :(" Bonus game!: How many times were pancakes and breakfast mentioned in this review? Points to the winner!"  I'm not sure what the big fuss is all about. The food was only fair and they don't even have real cream for your coffee. It's that nasty fake nondairy crap. It also gave me the heebeegeebees due to the ""Christianesgue"" motif."  but there was a LONG wait and two of our party had to sit on a window sill next to our table. We would go back again if we could get a better table. It was very similar in theme and everything else to Square Cafe in Regent Square. The joint had a larger seating area. Would hit up the Dor-Stop again though." Great staff and a good price.  Highly recommended." Here's another pile-on review- the Dor Stop was awesome.  but the food was absolutely delicious. More than made up for it!"  my wife says he makes the best over easy eggs she's ever had.  The breakfast meats are awesome and so are the pancakes.  Prices aren't too bad either.  Staff is fun too - they'll start to know you after stopping in a few times I will never stop praising the Dor-Stop.  This little gem of a place is what Pittsburgh is all about." Absolutely amazing! Best. Pancakes. Ever." I also had the opportunity to try my husband's banana chocolate chip pancakes. Although they looked delicious with the bananas and chocolate chips baked into the pancakes  I'm partial to breakfast." Our (two) meals cost $22.17 with tax (but before the tip).  The restroom was clean A local place run by a local family of friendly people. Affordable prices  and I'm so sad to now live 30 minutes away. The pancakes are definitely the best item at this dive - the chocolate chip and pumpkin are to die for! Service is also pretty quick for a location that has such a cramped dining room and tiny kitchen space. Plan to wait a bit (maybe 30 minutes or so) for a table on Saturday mornings!" As always the restaurant was packed and loud. I love that about the Dor-Stop b c it's so Pittsburgh.  Did I mention how much I love this place?!?!" I'm now looking for an excuse to get back to this part of Pittsburgh so I can eat here again."  we frequently hit restaurants covered on DDD but I no longer trust that show based on some of my experiences and the Yelp reviews I've read.   I now will look up the Yelp review and ask locals if the restaurant is featured on DDD before going." Excellent breakfast. Regular pancakes rocked. Staff was super and we were seated immediately on a Saturday. So lucky. My first 5 star rating on Yelp. "Was really crowded...almost claustrophobic.  Food was good 2Igiyhi82R8_QaaPplRmCw I will be back.   (I recommned going around 2pm since they close at 3pm for easier seating)." Great food and great place for breakfast meal. Pancake is great!! Service is excellent too! Went there with a friend. Had egg Benedict and did not like it. The turkey meat smells funny. And the waitress kept rushing us. Not sure why it's so crowded. Will not visit again.  for sure.  The breakfast is GOOD and I think most places that attempt to serve breakfast should be GOOD." Best thing to do is get there right when they open.  Don't be surprised if there isn't already a crowd standing outside.  If you do have to wait for a table  and Dives. Great breakfast place for decent prices. Portions were huge. Got the eggs benedict and banana chocolate chip pancakes. Pancakes were a little too sweet and was sickening after a while but benedict was delicious. The ham was extremely large and juicy. The eggs perfect sunny side up (I love it when you stab the yolk and it runs all over the food). I liked that they used some kind of toast instead of regular English muffins. The hollandaise sauce was rich and buttery  but this is one of those times. I recall my mom once craving crabs from a crab shack in Ft Lauderdale for over 10 years after having them once. I feel like Dor-Stop pancakes will be the equivalent for me. My God "What's not to like about this place?  It's a friendly  I recommend you check to see if there are spots at the bar (first come first serve)." Oh my! The banana chocolate chip pancakes are to die for. And the oatmeal raisin ones? You won't believe something that is that ""good"" for you tastes like that!! And the raspberry French toast? Amazing - but only if you can afford the calories! But do it at least once! And their egg scrambles with your choice of ingredients? This is breakfast nirvana. None better in the city. None."  and don't be freaked out at the potential of long waits. We waited 20 mins at 10 am on a Saturday. You'll be fine." For an great little breakfast stop I highly recommend." I'll be back to sample a more lunch-y entree. In the mean time "I typically enjoy my visits to the Dor-Stop.  The banana and chocolate-chip pancakes are probably the best pancakes that I've ever tried.  I appreciate that they have some vegetarian breakfast options.  The line at this place is always crazy  and glad I did! Oatmeal Raisin pancakes were unbelievable! I don't where they get their eggs but they were huge and fresh over easy for me! Must stop if ever in Pittsburgh!"  but who knows if I'll ever even experience them... how can I with those pancakes!"  definitely worth the wait also the banana walnut pancakes rocked"  party of 2?""  That's me!  I look forward to any Sunday I get to dine at the Dor-Stop.  Sometimes you've gotta go where everybody knows your name..." Best breakfast ever ! Get the pancakes ! They're all amazing. And the breakfast burrito!  and the pancakes to share with my husband. The burrito was fantastic! The pancakes were so thick and had a cakey consistency. They were very filling. This place has been on Diners Pancakes looked really good too."  and that is a very good thing. We showed up on a Tuesday morning at around 9:30 and there were plenty of open tables. As noted by almost everyone else here  you will get a more or less solid breakfast that is above average. Again  I seriously can't walk out of there without having them.  They are also quite famous for their regular pancakes white are deliciously dense Now I understand why food network made a pit stop here! Awesome breakfast - I highly recommend their pumpkin chocolate chip pancakes and German potato pancakes. It can be a wait but quite worth it! Great food and diner atmosphere. Well worth the wait if you come in on the weekend. Everything is fresh and made from scratch. We will be becoming a regular at this place for sure It was reasonably priced and very cute. We were fortunate enough to get a table right away but I've heard there can be a pretty long wait. Sometimes out the door which makes perfect sense after tasting this delicious food."  lunch is great.  If you go on a weekend don't let the line around the block scare you.  Seriously I would certainly go back to this place and hope that I do the next time I am in the Pittsburgh area.  So so good." Fantastic. Best hotcakes around and I've never had a bad meal here.  The staff is friendly and personable. "Writing the review for this place is pretty cool! I've wanted to go here for a long time.  I'm from New York and visit Pittsburgh frequently because my gf current is here! I've seen this place featured on Diners Drive In's and Dives and love all the food places I've been to in Pitt! I've tried a majority of the Pittsburgh staples for breakfast but the Dor Stop by far is the best breakfast I've had in the Pitt! The Orders were Vickie's Jumbot and their famous pancakes (apple walnut) the Jumbot features a mix of eggs veggies home-fries ham topped with Italian toast! Was very good ! The pancakes were amazing filled with hot apples and crushed walnuts them to were amazing... The only thing I was upset about was that they wouldn't allow substitutions and were gonna try and charge me a ridiculous amount to sub turkey for ham at like $5.99 Another great thing here is the down-home feel of the place- everyone is very friendly. While we were waiting in line (which by the way  fluffy and large. . Everyone else was satisfied with their meal. If I were to get here again I would order just pancakes or some of their french toast. My omelette was good but nothing amazing. If you want good pancakes and french toast then I would go to Dor-Stop their eggs and other menu items weren't terrible by any means just nothing to write home about."  considering that it would have been a sore spot (too sour) if it contrasted too much with the sweet consistency of the dish. In general this is a great breakfast spot to hit up ... oh and also a decent joint for sandwiches Just finished the best wedding soup I've ever had. This is my first time for lunch - breakfast is always outstanding. Best pancakes in the 'burgh. Wow!!  My wife and I had breakfast at the Dor-Stop this morning and it was outstanding!!  We had about a 20 minute wait to get in but it was worth it.  The service was fast and the food was great.  We will surely return...... This place was fantastic! My boyfriend took me for breakfast and OH MY GOD! He had the Guy Fieri version of the Italian Jumbot and I had the Apple Cinnamon pancakes. Neither of us have ever eaten such a delicious breakfast! Go hungry but make sure you bring everyone with you when you put your name in.  but didn't question it thinking that since it was a ""specialty pancake"" I was suppose to only get two. It couldve been an honest mistake The best breakfast ever. Choc chip pancakes did not need syrup- bacon suitable crisp and flavorful. I stopped by for lunch and had the steak salad.  It was pretty yummy but the steak had too much fat on it. The reason why I am giving it only 4 stars is because my steak was not done the way I requested and our waitress had zero personality.  I recommend going here for breakfast and not for lunch. LOVE this place!!  Awesome pancakes.  Awesome food.  inexpensive and the service and atmosphere were great.   I will be back for brunch some weekend." Other than that: favorite. breakfast. restaurant." I am always up for trying out one of those places featured on food network. The wait to get into this place was long and goes out the door. Its a very small restaurant with about 15 tables at best. Its one of the divey places where the staff clearly knows what they're doing and does it right. when we finally did sit and order service was fast. I had a meat omelet with hashbrowns. Im not much of a breakfast person so I wasnt overly impressed with it. Large portions though. I would come back here to try more of the menu.  we all LOVED our breakfast and I was full for hours after.  YUM!  Can't wait to go back!" Everyone should definitely make a trip here once! Pancakes are to die for!!" Yes... Dorstop was on the Food Network but I believe that the show has brought too much business to the local breakfast lunch restaurant. Most of the time the servers are cranky and rushing so they forget items or customer needs and the food isn't as good as it used to be. Either they need to expand their staff and restaurant or many others will see what I have. Folks this is very overrated.. they had Guy's Diners Drivein and Dives there only because Guy's parents knew owner. This is very avg food at best. Its nothing special.I wont go back.. Very small and uncomfortable. They have a large sign in window to play on Guy's visit a number of years ago. Dont fall for it.  but the servers were unfriendly and slow. Disheartening and not really worth dealing with for some pancakes. Try it out for the legend  the service is notoriously horrible and unacceptable. Also the food was unpalatable. I order pumpkin flavor pancakes and side order scramble eggs. I was too full and their portion is huge so I left two pieces of pancakes. The waitress don't even bother to ask me if I need a box to take it home or if everything is good. Although she did refilled my coffee once Dor-Stop seemed like just a convenient spot to fuel up for a day of tourism but turned out to be a damned good spot with memories of its own: the best pancakes I've ever had."  I adore the dor stop. Super cute and always delicious. A favorite for sure." I definitely plan on coming back here as soon as possible to try the other great options on the menu. The raspberry stuffed French toast looked amazing!" Great place for breakfast. Made to order. Pancakes are to die for. There is usually a line on the weekends. Great nostalgia on the walls. Nice diner doing a good job serving the community.  The food is probably somewhere between 3.5 and 4 stars but because of the intangibles it gets rounded up."  EVEN THOUGH IT DIDNT SAY THAT ON THE WEBSITE! Such a waste of time. If you're going to go I dunno. Maybe the waitress was having a bad day. Maybe she gets asked that question a lot (by actual impatient people) and is sick of hearing it. But we were very polite to her and didn't deserve to be treated like that. I don't care how good your food is (and for the record  but it really just tastes like any other breakfast food. Not worth the hour wait and the claustrophobia within the walls."  though. There's no free parking (meters available and a lot around the corner isn't enforced on Sundays) and there's always a wait. The wait for two hasn't been too bad for us- usually 15-20 minutes. Service is pretty good overall and it's definitely worth it!" Upbeat atmosphere and very good breakfast! The home fries and banana oatmeal pancakes were sooo delicious! Crowded but serves a killer breakfast...highly recommended  and ham for a slightly higher price. This was my second time going actually and if I could go every day I would! Highly recommend!"  and mayo. In the fall I love the pumpkin pancakes! And if you're in the mood for something sweet you have to check out the raspberry stuffed French toast - just unreal. Not to mention that the servers are incredibly friendly. This place is family owned and has such a great vibe." Best pancakes in Pittsburgh besides DeLucas. Always delicious and the service is nice.  German potato pancakes were a little under cooked but great tasting.  Service was quick and brisk Love these hot cakes. A must do when you are in Pittsburgh. Get there early always a line. It's just that good! come with a big appetite these hot cakes are HUGE!!!! Service was as friendly and informal as yo"  and the service was awesome!!! I will definitely be back." Will definitely return for another delicious breakfast one of these mornings." I couldn't choose between pumpkin or banana pancakes so the genius waitress suggested pumpkin banana pancakes and she was right. Great service and really great breakfasts. If your every in Folsom Cali try Mary's gold miner cafe.  The bomb!" All in all this place is an A-. The only downside for me was not having The cast from cheers welcome me by name. But the food is remarkable." I love the Dor-stop and highly recommend it to others!" I have been here many times. This place lives up to the hype. You have to get the hot cakes. Try all of the flavors over several visits. I haven't has a bad pancake here yet . The flavors and consistencies are excellent. Easily the best pancakes on pittsburgh. They also have great French toast is pancakes just aren't your thing.  but are really sweet like a donut. You have to be in the mood for them. Like I said they are very sweet. Only negative of this place is the restaurant is small and crammed  the server had large sections (two servers splitting the entire floor.)  but they were surprisingly on top of us The BEST pumpkin pancakes I have ever had! Service was fast and the food was delicious. We will definitely be back again!!  greasy spoon diner. Always give the special a shot."  but this was on point. The service was quite friendly and always there for a refill of a drink or to see if we needed anything at all. I enjoyed the cute small town diner atmosphere. It's definitely cozy This place is truly heaven in Dor-Stop. Make sure you arrive early on a weekend morning to avoid the crowd! Or wake up at dawn on a weekday and partake (as I have been known to do from time to time!)"  the short stack they served me were lousy pancakes." Drive ins and Dives had been there. Pancakes are very fluffy and waffles too!" Don't get scared off by all the people waiting too. The girls working the register and seating are awesome with making sure the place moves smoothly!" "Fantastic! Not from around here and felt right at home!! Food is amazing "Great little local diner!! Must go if your in town.  Food was amazing and all made from scratch!!  Had the Pumkin Stuffed French Toast today!! Perfect size portions. Wait staff super friendly. Gets crowded If I was going to complain about anything it would be that the seating really isn't the most comfortable on the planet "We love this place!! My daughter and I stop her every now and again and they have an AMAZING breakfast spread. We both got our usuals today...kids chocolate chip pancakes and bacon for her and the egg breakfast for me. The most perfectly done eggs EVER with tasty sausage patties We didn't order anything that they could impress us with I suppose.  It's not like we went with an item like hotcakes or a skillet or anything like that just a relatively conservative breakfast.  I did have some of my wife's potato pancakes and ham and they were both very good.  My breakfast was just as I expected nothing out of the ordinary but still very good."  for brunch. Loved the German potato pancakes - worthy of 5 stars. But I'd give the Eggs Benedict only 2 stars. I'll be back to try more of the menu and get some more of those potato pancakes." If I'm ever in Pittsburgh again This place is only AMAZING!  They seated us as fast as possible despite the long line out the door!  The food was nothing less than amazing (definitely try the French Toast and the sausage gravy and biscuits!).  Their waitresses are also 100% efficient without losing that caring touch! Our waitress was extremely attentive which is not something you expect with a place that's this packed and has all the hustle and bustle. Definitely  coming back! Expect a wait - put your name on the list & expect a minimum wait of 30 minutes. We took our hockey team and they were very accommodating in separating and seating us at several tables when they were available." The banana walnut pancakes were fluffy and flavorful! I almost didn't even reach for the syrup they were so yummy. Eggs made to perfection. There are several specialty pancakes on the menu...I'll definitely be returning to try more!  I got a spot at the counter right away. I had a clear view of watching the cooks flip up pancakes and scramble eggs- pretty fun. The food was good. I found out about this place from DDD. If you are in the Pittsburgh area and have time to stop  and prices reasonable. I got the chocolate chip banana pancakes and my husband got the west coast eggs Benedict. It was definitely worth the trip to Dormont from the north hills. Recommend getting here before 10 because the wait seemed to be quite a bit longer when we left a little before 11." Both times are service was pretty good.  Our waitress was on top of it and friendly." "I love everything about the Dor-Stop. This place is a neighborhood staple that always delivers. I've only eaten breakfast here. You can usually expect a bit of a wait  etc) the staff makes sure you feel comfortable and always keeps your coffee cup full! Definitely would like to return!"  you need to go get pumpkin pancakes.  You can even call ahead for it to be ready for take out and avoid the mess of hungry Dormont-ers along the Potomac sidewalk 2Igiyhi82R8_QaaPplRmCw  and pancakes with ham and cheese in them--again so much we had to take them home. Coffee cups stayed filled  I have heard that this place has great potato pancakes but I couldn't care less. Why? Because I eat the same thing every single time I eat there. I have no time to be bothered by some silly pancake when there is serious business  there's always a seat ready when you go to walk in.  It's like magic.  This is an essential Sunday breakfast spot in Pittsburgh up there with Pamela's.  More than affordable you will leave stuffed."  and you can bet I'm ordering the pancakes again!"  don't order grits north of the Mason Dixon line. I keep forgetting everybody does instant or minute maid grits without seasoning or butter. My bad on that. I have to try the oatmeal pancakes and give this joint redemption. Service was very good and ambiance was perfect  I had the stuffed raspberry French toast.  Everything tasted so fresh and delicious   with local advertisements all over the top of the table. I got their (apparently) well known Jumbot - a dish with everything thrown in - eggs  and the food is wonderful." Hit this place up anytime you can...I wish I still lived in Mt. Lebanon so that I could roll into here each and every weekend." "This used to be one of my favorite places for breakfast but the quality has diminished noticeably. Eggs over medium were runny and the pumpkin pancakes  and the ambiance was cheerful and light-filled--exactly what I'd expect in a diner.  Even though we both felt a tad out of place among the clientele  and prices were reasonable. This place merits the high rating it has received." The service was prompt and friendly and the food delicious.  Also cheap as hell.  We always try to stop here when in Pittsburgh." "The chocolate chip banana pancakes are to DIE for. Plus the environment is fun and kinda retro. Other people in my party had the veggie burrito "The food here is amazing. I've never had something I didn't like and the serving sizes are enormous! The place is a little small  solo and for hangovers." Would give 5 stars if the place was bigger.  You are practically sitting on top of people there it is very tight and the seating is not comfortable." Been to a lot of places in the burgh for breakfast. This place is the best. No questions asked. Pancakes are to die for and the Guy Fieri jumbot is insanely delicious. The place makes Pamela's and DeLuca's look like the McDonald's drive thru.  and were very helpful in choosing what to get. The pumpkin pancakes are the best I've ever had. Ever. They are an absolute MUST. The banana chocolate chips pancakes were amazing. I ordered the jumbot with no meat and it was amazing. Their coffee is great too. What more could I want in a breakfast place? Will definitely come back if I'm in Pittsburgh again  now I don't expect every place to be trader joe's type happy but don't act like we are bothering you for coming here. She took our order and that was last we saw of her. Someone else brought out the food and no one ever came back to check on us. I could see the waitress go over to her other table (she only had 2 tables) and check on them multiple times. We didn't get any refills on our drinks and every time I tried to motion to her she would turn her back and sit at the counter and talk with the other waitress. We never even received our check and had to go to the counter and ask for it our self. We were then told to wait because they needed to check someone else out first. After standing there for a couple minutes we were then given our check. No apologies or anything.  I won't be back."  the atmosphere. We loved it from the moment we stepped in to when we left. We got there around 1:30 and got a table immediately. Moments later it went to a 15 minute wait. If there was free parking we didn't find it."  I recommend giving them a try" My suggestion would be to come during off hours or non-holiday especially if you want to have a nice breakfast or lunch. They are only open until 3 in the afternoon. We had a wonderful time!"  no doubt. The pancakes are the best I've ever had. French toast is amazing as well. Friendly staff. Just go you won't be disappointed. There's usually a bit of a wait on Saturday and Sunday mornings so I recommend going on another day. But even if you have to wait it's well worth it." It's in a neat area too so come for breakfast brunch then take a walk."  this visit wasn't worth it for me to make the 20-25 minute drive out here. The service was fast and efficient  drive ins and dives so maybe my expectations were too high for a breakfast dive. Service is a little on the slow side while you get pumped with coffee "Best pancakes I've ever had. Literally they're amazing "Yummy breakfast!!!!! Very small place but very worth it! Love it Great breakfast!  We arrived on Saturday around 1PM and were seated immediately. The place was packed with all ages of people- toddlers to seniors.  The atmosphere was energetic and lively with friendly and quick service.  My husband ordered one of the specials- The Benny ( eggs benedict made with potato pancakes); I ordered  banana and chocolate chip pancakes.  Both were delicious- my husband loved the potato pancakes and the benedict sauce.  The pancakes were very good- had that natural banana flavor with large slices of bananas throughout.  We'll be going back to try other items. One of the best breakfast places in Pittsburgh!  Yummy good food!  Worth a visit.  Always been able to find a spot to park. Prices are good and the service is great. Would make the trip again to go there!" DorStop is my favorite breakfast spot but on this visit I was extremely disappointed.  I stopped in on a whim alone and sat at the counter.  While I was eating my delicious breakfast a dishwasher stood in front of me and spit  in the garbage can on the other side of the counter literally a foot away from me.  I immediately wanted to throw up.  I did not finish my meal and got up and paid and left.  They were too busy too mention something and they never asked how everything was or I would have said something.  I am not sure if I will go back which is really a shame.  I love that place. Our bill was under $20 so it was a quality meal for a very very low price. No complaints on our end  and some type of cheese (tasted artificial and powder-based). The eggs were wetter than I prefer when I order them scrambled. Maybe they added water? Several pieces of ham I ate were very gristly and inedible. I ate less than half of the meal and left. I wouldn't go back." Definitely a great place to eat and socialize! Even the guests were friendly!" Dor-Stop Diner is a gem!  Make sure you come hungry.  The apple oatmeal pancakes were delicious and perfectly prepared.  My friend had the raspberry French toast.  Both were excellent choices.  The waitress was super nice and prices were very reasonable.  Great spot and a fun new find!  I'll definitely be back.  and even made his own dish ""Guys Jumbot"". That is what I opted for during my visit. It was excellent! They have a killer list of creative pancakes that I have not seen anywhere else! This place fills up quick on weekends; but definitely worth the visit" This is the perfect local spot to get breakfast and or a delicious lunch. The food is 99% of the time perfect. The staff ranges in age but everyone of them is nice and kind. Great place to take people you bring in from out of town. It's a laid back atmosphere. Best part you won't break the bank on food but maybe the button on your jeans.  the wait was long but worth it. I think we about ordered everything b c we couldn't choose and it was all good from the eggs to the pancakes. I will be back." Definitely another good diner that is needed!" "The Dor Stop is exactly why I love Pittsburgh and it's precious collection of hidden gem diners and eateries. The Dor Stop is just that...tucked away on Potomac in Dormont (duh) serving the most magical plates of breakfast and lunch you can imagine. Each dish is fresh and homemade so I promise you won't be disappointed. Heck  but only recently did I bring my 4yr old and 3yr old nephew and niece--a dangerous proposition at many restaurants. We were greeted with a smile upon arrive and the children received special placemats and crayons to keep them occupied while we waited a short period of time for our breakfast. The children's selections were appropriately prices and portioned and at no point in time did I feel as though I had made a mistake bringing them to one of my favorite breakfast locations."  to hard to decide on 1 ... Got to get stuffed raspberry French toast ! It made national television :) get there early it gets busy fast"  but that's not the end of the world. I also got to taste the chocolate chip pancakes (they call them hotcakes) and some kind of strawberry french toast 2Igiyhi82R8_QaaPplRmCw Had the steak n' eggs when we went there.  I prefer the same thing from the diner around the corner.  Apparently this place is known for their pancakes.  Maybe I'll try that next time. A consisteny line of yinzers around the block can't be wrong. "I've been coming here for years and you can't go wrong with anything from their menu. When I heard they were under new management I left feeling empty in my heart Everything a breakfast place should be (if only it were bigger and or less crowded). Their eggs benedict could feed a family. The service is friendly and fast. Everything is fresh and made to order. "This is probably our favorite place in the area for breakfast. Be prepared for a wait before being seated. Most of the items on the menu are pretty good. Service has declined a little over the last few years. The wait staff is a little pushy and outspoken- especially the one with neck tattoos. They could use to leave sweeteners on the table. Those are the only two reasons that I didn't give this place 5 stars. Otherwise "Best. Pancakes. Ever. If you're looking for a good pancake look no further fella We like it - great meeting place - maybe a little over rated on quality of food. Good but nothing to write yelp about. Pancakes didn't excel; eggs were just fine. "Recently visited the Dor-Stop for Sunday brunch and my experience was phenomenal.  It was busy but the turn around time is super fast so the wait isn't long at all.  Food was great.  I recommend the French toast (just the regs nothing fancy). And ps- the home fries are ridiculous "Oh my gosh! Best breakfast I've ever had. I had the raspberry stuffed pancakes and bacon. The bacon was perfectly crisp and tasty - just a bit too salty. The French toast was absolutely incredible. They must dip the bread in some sort of crispy breading because it's delightfully crisp. There was raspberry sauce and raspberry drizzle and if it wouldn't have freaked out the other customers and my husband Service was friendly." I would definitely recommend trying Dor-Stop..they are quite popular around here with the locals."  I would rather Tom's Diner across the street.  The Dor-Stop is A-OK but nothing special." "Diner in my sons neighborhood"".  Insistent  standard diner breakfast fare.  The potato pancakes tasted a little sweet Loved the hometown feel of the place and it was a nice stop before we headed to the movie. You defiantly won't leave hungry here!" "Best best best! The pancakes are good thick American pancakes. Not crepe like ones you'll get elsewhere. My sister loves the raspberry French toast. Beware of the church rush on Sunday mornings. You'll be waiting a while; it's a small place and not a lot of counter space. For a weekday breakfast stop it cannot be beat! Seating is close together so large parties are hard here but they will gladly accommodate you All in all hope I can come back and try other things! They have burgers and other more lunch ish items that looked appetizing!" The price is reasonable and the portion is just about right."  fast friendly service. Just an FYI to other patrons. .. it is NOT ok and very rudw for you to  watch YouTube videos in the middle of a restaurant. I WISH someone other than myself would  have asked them to stop.  Also $30+ for breakfast is a bit steep HOLY Mother of god. This is the best diner in Pgh. Try the Western Benedict. I'm definitely coming back here." This place is great to have down the street from me. It was featured on a food network show so it's very popular. There is ALWAYS a line. Do not expect to walk in and be seated immediately unless you're there first thing in the morning or 10 min before close. They are worth the wait though. Best to go with 2-4 people and if you bring more than that it will be very difficult to seat you. They have tiny booths and tables only. Once again...it's worth the struggle. Their French toast is to die for and I constantly order the West coast Benedict.  but it's worth just ordering it as a side. I'm too fixated on the breakfast items to branch out into their other menu items but I'm sure they are also amazing."  and speedy service. I've eaten here 4 times and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a down to earth casual dining spot."  it's a good version of a community diner.  The menu is pretty big and it is very popular.  I am not sure I'd wait regularly though."  that was a flapjack reference.  The crunchy on the outside coupled with the chewy middle were a serious but welcomed surprise.  I had no idea pancakes could have this dichotomy!  I polished off my stack and finished my generics with delight.  If these pancakes did not floor me "The Dor-Stop is a must visit while I am in Pittsburgh. I visited here again on my recent trip.  The food is still fantastic.  The omelette special is great and the potato pancakes are some of the best I have ever had.  It gets really busy on the weekends  price was not bad.  It was very busy and the service was good.  I would definitely go again. They offer the standard breakfast Our food came out promptly too which I was surprised since everything is home made but I think we just caught the tail end of the lunch crowd. I highly reckoned this place and I will be eating there again!" "A little gem...great service and food. Raspberry French toast "Best pancakes and breakfast in Pittsburgh.  I get the Egg Combo (2 eggs  and the cook with the mustache is rad.  also  the only good thing was that it was open when I wanted food." I understand why some wouldn't find this place appealing. My circumstances were slightly different since friends of mine literally live across the street on Liberty Ave from the place. So I picked up the food when it was ready rather than waiting in the small dining room."  flaky and greasy and crispy all at once. Yummy. Just uh... don't come here on a day when you want to eat healthy. Come here for a hangover brunch  and the omelettes and potatoes were delicious. I will return."  the prices are fantastic. It's the definition of town diner. Can't wait to come back and try everything else. Also they have grits Don't let the outside fool you! My girlfriend used to live in Bloomfield and we discovered it by just walking in looking for something cheap. The place is tiny but it doesn't matter because the food is good and the portions are big and most importantly it's cheap. I always got the $3.95 breakfast at least I think it was $3.95 all I know is it costs less than $5 for a meal. The staff are friendly and you don't wait long for your food. Wish I could go more often but I can never remember the hours as they are open later at night than during the day.  B.O. is a thing down there. Don't let anyone tell you different. Not always  I recommend eating at the counter. The people who work there are great to talk to. As others have mentioned When Ritters doesn't tickle your fancy I find the Bloomfield Sandwich Shop a great substitute for a decent burger or some late night breakfast. The small interior is enough for a handful of late night munchers. But keep in mind one cant be super picky here. There is no I want it that way or this way. The way they serve it up is pretty much the way they serve it up. Be lucky that you have the option of late night dining. Which is few and far between in Pittsburgh.  it's a little corner diner but their coffee is very good.  Better than some of our local coffee shops even.  Their breakfast is much better t"  I chatted with one of the cooks and another person next to me. Everyone was super friendly. I'm glad I noticed that they are open late-night on the weekends.. gonna have to check it out!"  they easily remedied that situation. I took my first bite and ta da! The light bulb went on. I suddenly understood why locals would keep coming back to this place despite the decor- if you want to call it that. They quite possibly could have been the best pancakes I have ever eaten. The fruit was fresh. That's right  great sammiches- they always aim to please."  although I've seen a few unsavouries. I have tried to like it...I have friends who love it. It just isn't for me. I can appreciate the local pull and wanting to be supportive "Ate here this morning with my dad for breakfast. I've lived here over 3 years and have never been here but was glad I came. I ordered a veggie omelette which came with hash browns or home fries and toast and my dad got the spinach and red pepper skillet which had the hash browns already in it and toast on the side. The food and coffee were both awesome  take a pass- your insides will thank you in the morning.  The times I have eaten here have induced self loathing  of the worst kind..  the only thing worse are the stomach cramps brought on as a result- but I was drunk and it seemed like a good idea at that moment."  and a home away from home experience. Place puts a smile on my face every time."  marvelous food.. Pancakes are f*king awesome!! As big as your plate."  marvelous food.. Pancakes are f*king awesome!! As big as your plate." The price is great and the silver dollar pancakes are soooo good." Great food fast service great price. The local friendly atmosphere is everything you love in a place like this. Not the best looking atmosphere but you can not beat the friendly staff. My goto quick bite place in Bloomfield PS.. This place only take cash." I get the best service here.  More so  than any 4 or 5 star dining place." best open late spot in Bloomfield. Because who doesn't want a cheesesteak at 3am?  but I hadn't had anything that resembled home cooking in a while and I needed this place. This is now a must for anytime I'm in town." I try never to miss at least going once a weekend.  Best breakfast in the 'Burgh. I'll be sure to pay Mama Ros a second visit if I'm ever in Bloomsfield again. So should you." "This place has the worst french fries I have ever tasted. They were literally BLACK. All I tasted was burnt oil. My photo is the zucchini planks and that lump of blackness are the French fries that I was sent home with. I could not even eat one! I also ordered the zucchini planks and a grilled cheese on rye with bacon. The grilled cheese was incredibly dry and the cook put the bread together upside down  the owner couple were welcoming and chatty. I heard all about their thanksgiving. They were closed Thursday and Friday to serve or deliver 300 meals to the needy in their community. 130 deliveries and others picked up. The community supports them financially but they cooked for nearly two weeks to make it happen. 100% gratuity well deserved. Keep it up mom!" I would be remiss to review this place and not mention the free Thanksgiving meal the Sandwich Shop does for those that have no place to go The food is made with love and it shows.  The owners and staff are good people.  You can't go wrong.  The prices are very reasonable."  with dinner AND a show!!! Can't wait for the next visit." I don't think I'll be back as I'd rather try some other place and take my chances than to just have okay food again here."  don't get me wrong the sandwiches are good too! There is just something about a fluffy stack of pancakes and the most perfect bacon to start of the day! Love love love!"  if you're looking for cheap and plentiful portions of basic diner fare done well served up by friendly owners I would recommend  the hobo sandwich- two eggs with your choice of cheese or breakfast meat between two buttermilk pancakes." AMAZING food. A cute mom and pop ambience. And bottomless coffee and tea! College student affordable and better tasting than any fancy coffee shop sandwich  welcoming atmosphere.  The owners really appreciate their customers and strive to please them."  the inside of the Shop is stifling hot.  We enjoyed the outdoor seating  I am saddened that The Sandwich Shop is now closed. =  The food was otherwise delicious."  after breakfast or brunch you can stroll through Shadyside. Sometimes you do have to wait but its never been outrageous and I'm not sure if I've ever had anything I didn't like!  My husband prefers the Oakland location but Shadyside is my pick.  (Its because of the shopping  the pricing really is low when you're lazy. The wait is ridicious at times. I would recommend the Shadyside location over the other two. It's more clean and better parking. Cash only." kinda overrated because its like the only brunch place in the immediate area... wait is always long and food is pretty mediocre... plus shady side has really declined as a shopping district... BR has gone pretty useless now that its so expensive... who would pay $17 for a thin T-shirt made in malaysia?  and they've been unrivaled in my quest for the perfect pancake. They're fluffy in the middle  including plain ol' scrambled eggs and fried eggs.  The coffee here is decent   I must ask: what are ""honks of butter""?" Try DeLuca for a diner experience or Crepe Parisiennes for a good crepe and coffee instead."  because you're not going to find a better breakfast-only place."  and expect to wait for a table on a Saturday or Sunday." "I am not a pancake person and I absolutely adore their pancakes. Their other food is just as good if not better. Pamela's is a true gem. Breakfast is easy to make  crepe-like a little on the greasy side (in a good way). Quick service make up for the long lines.  Weekend specials are a must have.  My favorite is  the chocolate chip banana pancakes.  There is no place like Pamela's "Definitely a great place to go if you've had a long night of drinking. They even have a special called the ""Morning After Breakfast"". I found the food greasy  the line runs out the door but you better believe it is worth the wait.  We had a table of three and we waited no longer than 10 minutes.  The chocolate chip banana pancakes are heavenly!! Everything comes out quick Best breakfasts in the Pittsburgh area.  Just make sure to bring cash - they don't take credit. "Been to the one in Sq. Hill were there is often a line in the morning on nice weekend days. I've only been there when there was no line and I despise myself each time I finish my food thinking ""I could have gone home and put extra scoop of lard on my eggs and it would have cost less than 1 4 of what I payed at Pamela's""."  reasonable prices. Classic." if i'm going to put pamela's into the regular rotation  but these were great!  I think I can only go here like once a year though Great place for breakfast! Love the crepes and corn beef hash. They don't take credit cards so bring cash. Parking can be tough. Wish they would expand a bit. Great food and service!  this diner is a classic.  It's managed to outlive a lot of other local businesses while the larger corporate chains have moved on the street.  Perhaps it's the presidential influence I think the next time I have a serious pankcake-hankering They get very crowded and they will not seat you until your entire party is ready to be seated. Also The breakfast special here should be enough for most people. The pancakes are great. The service is generally very good too. The only bummer is the lines for this location (and all Pamela's locations in fact) are super long around brunch lunch times.  my pick for San Jose is Stacks and my pick for St. Louis is Rooster." The only downside of this place is that it is cash only."  this is where he would go! The only thing you should order if this is your first time is the Strawberry Hotcakes! Be prepared to go into diabetic shock and a food coma immediately after wards! Good stuff!"  is awesome) and both work hand in hand to yank you out of your hangover (there's also something about pittsburgh that inspires beer consumption).  must tries: the pancakes and the hash browns.  awesome!" "Clean place.  Pancakes a bit too buttery for my taste (and health!).  But the vibe was good "I think it's the lack of breakfast places in Pittsburgh that makes Pamela's so popular. I couldn't find anything special here except the value. You really get a lot of food for you money  i like this one the best. this is also the place i mist most from pitts=( it's soooooooooo greasy delicious awesome." Anyone know fof a place like this in Orange County  I would rate the place with only 3 stars considering all things.. However "The hotcakes were good but not special enough for a trip across town or a long wait.  My bacon is thin Coffee's kind of weak. The servers are the sweetest people you'll ever meet. Cash only."  this is Pittsburgh's answer. Their pancakes are the best I ever had. I had banana walnut once that was unbelievable. I am a sucker for corned beef hash and this was the best I've had as well. Really There's nothing THAT great about Pamela's.  It's like breakfast at most any other diner." "Absolutely delicious pancakes. I can't wait to return to Pittsburgh for these pancakes. The word on the street is  I think I'd rather eat the completely boring and institutional breakfasts at Eat and Park than go to Pamela's again.  At least they have heard of this thing called ""butter."""  a former cook will give us their recipes." Another help wanted sign and closed Memorial day. Ahhh  and a faintly salty flavor along with a crispiness on the edges.  I tore that shit apart."  and pancakes deal. The protein wasn't anything special but the pancakes were delicious! They look huge but are crepe thin. The edges are crisped and taste almost carmelized."  they stand back and let you marvel at the good food.  i would definitely return to pamela's on my next trip to the 'burgh." Best Breakfast in town for a cheap price  but order the sausage over then bacon and skip the home fries."  I still go to Pamelas too often for my wallet's liking."  which says a lot because they're Asians from Asia and typically don't like greasy American-style brunch foods. I'm an Asian from America and typically don't like to agree with my parents Oh. you have to pay with cash. And this location is also pretty packed so there is usually a line up outside. But it's so worth it."  bc they are closed) bc it is mobbed on the weekends. Wish they were open past early afternoon this is a cash only restaurant so make sure that you have plenty of cash in order to pay for this meal. I really liked the western style omelet that i got which had chorizo sausage in it. so good"  and reasonable place to go for a filling breakfast. The place was packed. That speaks for itself. The wait staff was excellent." "Cash only! We had an excellent brunch here. I was very pleased with the crepe-like hotcakes (they're a necessary sampling if you've never had! a tad overbuttered but soooo good)  the hour-long wait does provide you will ample time to find a ATM because they only take cash. If you want to wait in line for an hour for food that is both good and unique I have eaten here each time I've visited my sister out in the 'Burgh See you next time Pamela's!"  I'm still looking forward to trying some the other recommended food items... But... If you want really good authentic corned beef hash: Tasty Diner in Silver Spring "I live a few blocks from Pamela's and each time that I walk by on the weekends there seems to be quite a few people waiting (and others have raved) so had been wanting to try it for a while. After waiting 30-45  minutes on a Saturday morning for brunch  like they're intentionally not serving good coffee.  It's the only thing from keeping Pamela's from being a 5-star breakfast place.  Regardless PS: This is a CASH-ONLY place and setting is very much like a diner  we'll definitely stop by for breakfast -- early so we don't have to wait!" But get a credit machine! It's not like you can't afford it! Stop abusing your customers!" TxKmAsKQjND5vbhBdUSyIA  and hardly worth the wait.  But Pamela's food is as close to perfection as you'll ever get  so this was a place that was above your normal diner. Cool. I still crave those crepe hotcakes...."  and the staff is rather friendly. Apparently this place is crowded for brunch on weekends One of the best breakfasts ever. Awesome diner feel. Friendly service. Delicious corned beef hash. Addictive. And the best pancakes i've ever eaten - really unique and perfect texture. I wish i had a place like this near me. As good as it gets.  I *highly* recommend you try Pamela's.  I know I'll be going back when I can." "How Pamela's became a Pittsburgh institution is completely beyond me. The food is average at best (think a step or two above Denny's or Waffle House). Pancakes were soggy and bland and the veggie omelete was chocked full of processed  kick that up 10 more times. And there you will find Pamela's nestled between strawberry crepes and banana chocolate chip hot cakes. If you're in Pittsburgh Huge delicious servings. My wife and I were blown away by how good the food was and how huge the portions were for the price. Their crepe pancakes rock especially the banana pecan ones. "Iv'e been to better places. I always forget that they dont take a card so I have to remember to get cash out when I go there. I usually order their omelets. The veggies are always crunchy so I taste more of a raw onion than I do my omelet. The food comes out fast which is great until I tasted the food. I checked it out three or four times  to see if it might be different but the omelets were the same. Raw and crunchy. overall  nice atmosphere Disgustingly amazing breakfast as usual. Order what you want and accept you are done for the day! *I recommend the Shadyside or Squirrel Hill locations over the one in Oakland." OMG best pancakes ever. Do yourself a favor and get the nation's greatest pancake ever - banana chocolate chip. I still have fond food memories about my single Pamela's experience - almost 4 years later. I need these pancakes back in my life! Definitely check it out when you're in Pittsburgh!"  so Pittsburgh. Do yourself a favor and try the Banana hot cakes. They're freakin' unbelievable. If one dreamed up a perfect diner experience they would dream up a place like Pamela's. Lovely servers too."  and whipped cream in a delicate tasty pancake - if you like banana bread - you will probably like this - maple syrup wasn't needed but I used some anyway - it is better than delicious.  The eggs and sausage were good too.  I came for a late lunch during the week and did not have to wait.  Service was efficient.  I enjoyed the ambience of the diner and Walnut street - so much fun to hang out here." No credit cards this place is cash only"  great prices. That's definitely where the 4 is coming from. For me "Decent breakfast and great service. I found the much touted corned beef hash to be too salty but everything else we ordered was great. Overall  the pancakes can be a little too greasy.  This place gets packed  quick service.  Always on my must-visit list when I'm back in town."  don't judge a book by it's cover. the food entirely speaks for itself and makes this place a 5 star worthy breakfast joint."  but nothing to write home about. Years ago I worked for a grumpy penny pincher who had been swindled into buying a 3 year supply of prepackaged coffee Yo! Fucking brown sugar and blueberries in my hotcakes? Legit! I like that they have rye toast. I don't like that they have Pepsi products and super rude employees. Ya win some  crispy bacon toast not bad either. Came here for breakfast while visiting family in the area and really enjoyed the meal. Only draw back is parking sucks the lot is ridiculous and street parking is hard because of the traffic. Also cash only.. sort of annoying.. but would totally go back and recommend to all ." Blueberry pancakes were amazing  but amazing blueberry and strawberry pancakes. I fought to go here and waited about 20 mins for a table (weekend) but it was totally worth it."  I know these things) in the middle of both crepes. Dusted over the top was a thin coat of granulated sugar (it may have been turbinado) and just a hint of course sea salt. The texture and taste was amazing! The menu was interesting with omelets The jumbo tossed salad was built for a king - it was brought out in the large mixing bowl that they tossed that sucker in. I asked for cheddar and dressing on the side and it was quite scrumptious." It's cash only but there are multiple ATMs close-by so no excuse to not try this place if you haven't already!"  but it just didn't have much flavor.  The only annoying thing about this place is the wait.  Get there early or be prepared to wait  we found ourselves very underwhelmed with Pamela's. Our search for a good brunch place continues."  except for coffee refills. Almost felt rushed because the bill came so quick; probably had something to do with the busy line in the waiting room. And why  the corned beef hash is very good. The service is friendly and the space is nice. Protip: Go when they open to avoid the line because they fill up fast."  and you better stop at Pamela's. There might be a wait "Ok! The best hash I have ever had. Their potatoes are ""bananas!"""  but there are other places in Pittsburgh that have much shorter waits that I prefer." Great place for brunch. I love the breakfast specials  but today in Shady Side.  I can honestly say that Pamela's is by far the best breakfast restaurant I have ever eaten at. Their ""crepe"" pancakes are awesome!  I Love how the outer edges of the pancake are crispy and buttery and the taste of the pancake itself is just fantastic. Their potatoes (lionized ?? Potatoes) are outstanding  but still completely worth a visit (or many).  For the price you can't beat the offerings Not great food   not a lot of bang for the buck   3.0 from me"  and college grad students on a budget and naturally appreciate the large quantities of food for cheap prices.  This place is just ok for me.  I'm still searching for my go-to-brunch place in Pittsburgh.  I do recommend trying this place out and making your own judgement  and order it. It's guaranteed to be de-lic-ious. I ordered almost everything off the menu during my summer here. I MISS IT! :'("  Rachel turkey wrap. Made w real juicy roasted turkey  come here for some of the best breakfast comfort food that Pittsburgh has to offer." Expect a bit of a wait ...forgot to mention it took no time at all for 4 giant plates of food to reach our table." I also didn't love the service we received. The server came over with several plates and was extremely rude about us not speaking up enough about whose food was what even though we were telling her it was ours. I wanted a refill on my orange juice but the next time our waitress came around she gave us the bill - thanks!" Oh my goodness I absolutely love this place! Strawberry hotcakes have brown sugar creme cheese and whipped cream! Also love the chorizo sausage with eggs n hash! Fresh strawberries year round wonderfully delicious !  this branch on Shadyside is a nightmare to go to on the weekends. It takes FOREVER to get a table here every time. There are mounds of people that line up on Walnut Street to get a table. After spending the time outside The food is great and I was happy to finally experience this Pittsburgh gem. Prepare to pay more than your typical diner I once sat next to Franco Harris at the next table.  If he and Obama eat their hearts out here  at reasonable prices.  Bring a big appetite.  Their omelots will fill you to bursting even if you don't eat the huge slices of bread and hash browns that come with them.  And The place has packed for a reason and they're not all tourists because Shadyside is a nice cozy neighborhood.  When locals pack a place consistently the reason is simple... the place is +++" This restaurant has quality food in a great neighborhood. "3rd time I've eaten here and can't wait to return. The best reason to visit Pittsburgh.   We had Blueberry  as the dining room fills up quickly. Cash only (PNC ATM is across the street). They also grossly underestimate the wait times when I went on busy Sunday mornings."  the food came out almost immediately making the wait time more worth it. The hot cakes were delicious but be prepared for more buttery goodness than one should consume in a month. The potatoes were also half butter. I thought they tasted great if not a tad salty. The orange juice is more affordable than in most breakfast places but it wasn't mind blowing  it's all butter. Our party also tried the French toast and hash browns and those were super greasy too and didn't taste good at all. The reason it's so busy is because it's the only show in town. There are a few of them and there's really nowhere else to go. It's sad. Being from NJ and having many diners that compete with each other  I thought everything was really tasty and a great spot for breakfast brunch  but the big portions made up for it...almost too big...IS there such a thing? I had the pancakes that are sort of mixed with a crepe "Came here based on the reviews and OMG Pamela's did not disappoint! In a cute quaint area with nice shops all around & is a retro but contemporary feeling decor.  and the food was the BOMB.COM with super fast  but then again I can't eat their famous hotcakes because of an allergy. They look so delicious and I'm sure they taste better than they look. I love taking my family here when they visit from out of town. Pamela's is a Pittsburgh classic."  finally I came here today for my dear friends birthday. Food in here really amazing and served very fast. Associates in Pamela's also very kind and sweet. But they only receive cash no credit card such a pity.  Love this dinning experience and will come back very soon :D"  came out hot. Service was also very good. Waitress came back to top off coffees more than once. Prices also good  and sometimes will get just the chocolate chip hotcakes with whipped cream which are both equally delicious! The service is good as well  we stood over vent outside Prantl's to stay warm and enjoy the bakery aroma." "Deliciously hearty breakfast foods served up diner style. Service and turnover is quick so you never have to wait too long. The crepe style pancakes are a must have. Anything with their signature potatoes is a must have. Juices are not fresh squeezed   and I'm usually pretty easy going with coffee."  and sausage. Everything was cooked properly and was tasty in its simplicity. I'm not a big pancake fan Lovely warm place and nice staff. Beef corned potatoes are very good. I have been their twice and still want to go again. ONLY CASH IS ACCEPTED We liked everything except the bacon. Another waiter recommended the ham for next time. If you like potatoes be sure to ask for extra crispy. The crepes were great come in a stack of three. I'd suggest getting one or two only. The fresh strawberry were great even though out of season. Definitely will eat here again. "Not sure what was worse the waiter's B.O. (which was akin to a Mumbai locker room) or the fact that this place is most likely owned by the Gambino Crime Family....""Cash Only."" The wait is probably the most enjoyable part of this restaurant...which is at least 15-20 min. Our food arrived before we could take off our coats and the check came before I took my first bite of grease. The corned beef looked like mashed goat brains and the pancakes reminded me of Ethiopian sponge bread (apologies to Ethiopia). This is my second time at Pamela's (the first being above average) and most likely my last....unless for some reason I crave food poisoning." "Mmmm. This place is a must visit breakfast spot. I could go on about the chorizo hash with two eggs over easy  we split so we could try both. The Greek wrap is full of flavor. The portions are huge and the price is very affordable. We will definitely come back."  but not unreasonable.   Payment is CASH ONLY and I'd be sort of surprised to hear that they don't have a lot of people walking out without paying.  You have to sort of fight your way through the crowd of waiting people to the cashier in order to cash out."  and delicious food!!!" So good I didn't stop to take a picture of it! Sure it was worth the wait.  Pamela's is a nice breakfast place. It is not a place I would regularly frequent  my opinion was immediately changed. I'm not sure if the reason was because I went to a different location but I'm definitely a fan. My breakfast of choice was the strawberry hotcakes and I hit the jackpot. My love for strawberries coupled with slightly sweetened hotcakes hit the spot on the rigidly cold day I went. My friends ordered the chorizo breakfast special and also loved it! If you have a hankering for awesome breakfast food  I find it highly over rated and have since seen the light with regards to other brunch contenders in the area." Delicious breakfast menu in generous portions.  Loved the crepe style hotcakes filled with fresh strawberries or blueberries.   Excellent friendly service.  and delicious food!!! It's definitely worth waiting to try the hotcakes here!"  I mean why do people even go there when Pamela's exists. No comparison. Just go to Pamela's already." Any pancakes that are President Obama's favorites are great in my book as well! I will definitely be back! Feel free to check out the rest of my review. Heres my post Pamelas Diner and the best french toast I've ever put in my body. Founding Ms.Lydia : Pamela's Diner!!! http:  t.co MFcI1eAIjF"  but as Yelp has yet to let us designate half stars "Amazing hotcakes. It gets busier the later you go  since almost all the reviews were mentioning them. I had the banana-walnut hotcakes and my daughter the chocolate chip hotcakes. Both were decadently delicious This is my favorite Shadyside breakfast brunch spot. The food is amazing and doesn't take too long to be served. My personal favorite is the strawberry hotcakes. It's a cash only diner though so make sure you have cash before you walk over. The line can get pretty crazy around lunch time especially on the weekend.  I feel like the Lyonnaise potatoes are my absolute favorite thing. I am craving them right now." "After reading about this Pittsburg institution we had to try it! The portions are huge and get ready to run a few miles after digesting as the food is super greasy and rich but totally delicious. The strawberry hotcakes were amazing! The crispy edges of a thin pancake crepe were soooo good!!! Also we had the famous corn beef hash and it was impossible to finish The only thing to remember is that is cash only like the other Pamela's." Hotcakes with whip cream and strawberries. Enough said.  :)  and highly recommend it if you're looking for a solid breakfast spot. FYI  check Pamela's diner out. They have 4-5 locations within Pittsburgh. also  there are other breakfast brunch competition in Pittsburgh that will continue to get my business over Pamela's." "Outstanding breakfast! Had scrambled eggs and chorizo hash....yummy! The hash was nice with a bit of spice  once to ask for more coffee and once to pay....I thought we had to be on Candid Camera it was so ridiculous!  I give them one star because the food was so delicious...  We tried the location on Murray Avenue and the food there was just as perfect along with really efficient and kind service....go to the Murray Avenue location ....line is long for a reason but it moves fast...  The corned beef hash and pancakes are the best anywhere." "Farewell lunch with the college daughter.  I had corned beef hash and Swiss omelet.  The corned beef was great and fresh.  Lyonaisse potatoes lived up to its reputation.  Hubby and youngest daughter got banana chocolate chip pancakes which were super sweet and  Crispy.  Oldest got blueberry pancakes.  It was filled with giant blueberries and brown sugar and had a slight saltiness to it. Yummy! Food came out fast tho our server never refilled our drinks despite us asking at the counter  the wife had French toast and my son had the short stack of pancakes. With two coffees and a chocolate milk My first time trying croissant French toast and I must say the best French toast I ever had! My waiter was very welcoming and sweet she was prompt with accommodating everything I needed. It was pretty packed that Saturday but it's things to do in the area while waiting. If I'm not on my usual diet I would definitely go again when I'm visiting in town! Restaurant also had a sign ""cash only"" by the entrance. Not sure if they normally don't take cards or if it was a one time event  but the hype is probably undeserved." You just can't go wrong with Pamela's. The blueberry hotcakes were unbelievable! The lyonnaise potatoes were also delicious. Definitely worth the wait. "Hands down the best ""hot cakes"" I've ever had. Hot cakes are a cross between crepes and pancakes and they are delicious! Fairly long wait here on a Sunday morning so come prepared to stand around for awhile. I also tried their famous potatoes (I forget the name but they have cream cheese in them) and they were amazing as well. Great place and I will be back!"  which came with potatoes and toast. The food was good so was the service. The restaurant isn't fancy but it is popular.  Good food at a great price. One thing you should know it's CASH ONLY!"  we won't be going back for quite some time!" One thing I did find a little strange is that the restrooms are upstairs.  But you get to walk through a pretty cool foreign gift shop to get to them so all is good. Sorry Good food at a good price. I ordered the Gails breakfast: ok scrambled eggs with delicious lyonaise potatoes and really good wheat toast. I'd definitely go back again  some of the best home fries I've ever had. The first day we came it was about lunch time so my eating partners both ordered the diner burger and they absolutely loved it. Today they both had the chorizo hash special which was also amazing. Needless to say anything you get is going to be great. The staff is nice and you can get in and out really quick if you need to. There were no waits either of the times we came through. If you're in Pittsburgh this place is not to miss!!" It is definitely a must-visit stop in the city and never a disappointment!"  I went to Pamela's just about every weekend for their AMAZING crepe style hotcakes. I have never had anything like them - nor have I been successful in trying to make copycat recipes at home If you love breakfast than this is the place for you. There are three locations so be sure to go to the one closest to you! the pancakes are so delicious that you can't possibly have a bad day if you're starting with a plate of these warm and crispy flapjacks. They have special way of making breakfast potatoes such that you will understand the lines outside on a Saturday. It is cash only but also fairly cheep! it's a fail safe for everyone.  and good service. My the one complaint I have is that there was nowhere to stand when it's  crowded."  but this was my first trip to this one.  It's the same great food.  I love Gail's eggs and the crepe pancakes.  The restaurant is smaller than the strip one.  It's clean and the staff were friendly.  You must try it!  Bring your cash  she asked the White House chef to get the hotcakes recipe to make for her at home. The hotcakes are truly decadent and probably have more butter and saturated fat than everything you've eaten today combined. But it's a wonderful calorie splurge every once in a while! Know that the wait is typically long (especially for Saturday and Sunday mornings) and it is cash-only Spouse and I wanted lunch while we explored Pittsburgh waiting to catch a ball game.  This place came recommended but a way long wait and not the cleanest place I ever saw - plus tables and people jammed in - we wondered why it would be so popular.  Then we ate the food - fantastic diner grub - the real thing including a gruff but sweet waitress.  We would go back despite the jammed noisy ambience  as well as the general hustle and bustle going on all around us. It was fine though Always have to come to Pamela's when I come back to Pittsburgh. Always crowded for breakfast on the weekends but so worth it. And the prices are right for the amount of food you get!  the cup of coffee was weak.  My food was cold within 5 minutes of arrival thanks to the overdone air conditioning. My husband and I had to raise our voices to speak over the music... very loud in there. Sigh. Not keeping with the the 4 star yelp review that brought us here."  cash only!  ""The morning after"" is a good choice which is a sample of all breakfast foods."  cash only!  ""The morning after"" is a good choice which is a sample of all breakfast foods."  a great breakfast spot w  crepe style pancakes. Service is great and the price is right. Cash only!"  I've been to Pamela's three times. Can't visit Pittsburgh without coming to Pamela's. This location is nice and small with a pretty cool retro-ish theme going on. The hotcakes are one of the most unique and special items they have. Highly recommended to get at least one hotcake (it's pretty big). Also tried their corned hash which was pretty good but not nearly as special. The location is pretty fun as well especially if you're not from the area since it's on a street with a decent amount of shops to walk around." If you come at peak hours be prepared to wait a bit but what can you expect with such a popular place? I felt like it was worth the wait and it's a plus that it's on a nice street with lots of unique boutique shops where you can look around. The only bummer is that it's cash only." The breakfast crepes with the soytang sauce are enough to drag me out of bed on the weekend that's how good they are.   And let's not even talk about all the sweet crepes full of chocolately goodness that you can order.  keep in mind you'll be waiting in a line to order- the line does pause until more tables open up  but even he likes this place. alot. we live right around the corner from this place; can't believe our luck! and tea drinkers--this is your spot! lots of fun mags  all of them are just plain great. The restaurant is actually a tiny basement of a Shadyside-style home. They try hard to make it feel like France by making it narrow Salmon dishes or anything with nutella is amazing. They also have Orangina!"  my wife got up and we walked out of this place. The food could very well be good - but with waitstaff like this woman - there are plentty of other places around town with not-so crummy service that I'd prefer to spend my money." A + check it out next time you are in Shadyside!"  and they are closed for some inexplicable reason. Or they're super crowded..." Man I miss this place."  well maybe this is part of the authentic Frecnch experience.  You do feel the need to eat quickly because of  the other customers eyeing you up for the precious few seats available.  Outside of the venue and service the crepes are the best I've ever had in Pittsburgh and if the service and venue was better this  could easily be four or maybe even five stars.  I had the smoked salmon with creme fraiche' and it was perfect.  It had great quality ingredients and was truly delicious.  A friend had the ham and cheese which was also excellent and another had  just a  traditional crepe with maple syrup.  This was also a smashing success.  I think the owner needs to share with his young staff some of the hospitality he showed my friends My mouth is watering just thinking of the yummy food!" I had a salmon crepe here & it was delicious - broke me out of the habit of mostly eating dessert crepes. The only downside is that they only take cash... but there is an ATM just down the street. This is a great place to meet up with an old friend or acquaintance.  but it does need a little updating.  Chairs are uncomfortable.  Service isn't that great.  But "Crepes Parisiennes in Shadyside is absolutely scrumptious and many people agree because this place and the Craig Street (Oakland) location are always busy.  It's the perfect place for a light brunch or lunch with a couple people (whoever since it's casual... friends  I usually decide it isn't worth the bother and go somewhere else."  and as long as you don't go there during a peak period "Nice cozy underground restaurant that serves crepes and a great Cafe au lait.  They have plenty of sweet crepes and a few savory ones.  They could add a couple more savory ones My party and I left to go to another restaurant.  I've not eaten any crepe in the world that would justify a long wait under such annoying circumstances  Chicago).  The guy who makes the crepes is a true expert and watching him whip up dozens of crepes is so much fun! I get the egg and cheese crepe with added mushrooms and order with the garlic oil base.  They serve all of the savory crepes with a tiny side salad with mandarin orange slices.  Although it's small  I did go to a place in Key West of all places that used some sort of Buckwheat or whole wheat batter for their savory crepes that was really really great.  It would be great if Crepes Parisiennes could adapt that.  My only other issue is that the place is a tad pricey." P.S. - BRING CASH. They do not accept credit cards."  but the dessert crepes (chocolate and orange! banana!) are also delicious. The little salad of greens and orange slices that comes with the savory crepes is a great addition. Go here when you're feeling cosmopolitan."  but it's great to have the restaurant to fulfill crepe cravings :)"  quite a lovely experience but I'm not sure it was enough to lure me back to the dark side  it seems that their attitude is to give any rudeness you give them right back.  Be polite  the staff is extremely rude and LOVES to make loud examples of people not familiar with their system. I've chosen never to eat here again due to the staff." The Savory crepes were better than the sweet crepes which were a disappointment. The service was suprisingly snooty considering this is low key place.  and I plan to order a savory crepe every time I go back (with cash in-hand)!" cmGR1HS9ms233roSllcglw They may have some mildly unpleasant unpopular 'rules' but I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal here and plan on returning." Love Crepes Parisiennes  too skimpy and thus overpowered by the crepes wrap. But it was the attitude of the owner that turned me off the establishment. I was in Pittsburgh visiting a relative with terminal cancer at the nearby hospital ; she had requested a breakfast crepes so I found Cafe Parisiennes through Yelp. We were in a hurry because of limited visiting hours. The sign said the Cafe opened at 10:00AM "Closed on Monday's? And closed 5 30 to 6 1? Wow. The prices on the menu don't seem that bad. But i still cant get over the fact there closed on Mondays. There is a sign posted ""help wanted"" so if anyone reads this and needs a job check this place out. And tell them to open on Mondays. BOOOOO  or are visiting you are doing yourself a disservice by not treating yourself to this absolutely fabulous  those crepes are really damn good.  I'll go back soon."  and normally behind the crepe maker.  This is a great place to have brunch or dessert- they also have sweet crepes (Nutella and banana is my favorite)- so be sure to check it out. It's right off of Walnut Street  and there was no such thing as atmosphere.  I could be convinced to go back and give it another try if a friend wanted to check it out  nothing special.  I've had much lighter (crepes here were a bit heavier than they should be) and more authentic crepes elsewhere.  The other thing I do not like about this place are their hours. They are closed by 4pm and on Mondays This place gets packed on the weekends yet the service has always been impeccable. They even bring my dessert crepe out after my meal!"  I would recommend giving it a try. On the other hand  but the staff knows that and won't make your food until you have somewhere to sit so it's not like you're standing around with food and nowhere to sit."  Pittsburgh has cash only parking meters. The meters on Craig St. are 1 hour max but I absolutely love Paris and so was glad to see that there was a crepe place near me. I've been to both locations of Crepes Parisiennes though the other on Craig Street feels less comfortable and homey than Filbert Street. There are more props up in the Filbert Street and I'm not talking about the stacks of nutella that they have. I've had both their savory (comes with side salad) and sweet crepes - which are all delicious. Not exactly like what you would get in Paris at a food stand (sugar crepe wrapped in paper) but is enough to bring back nostalgia of my visit so I am a fan. The wait has never been terrible and the staff has been friendly. I believe they are cash only which is a bit of a bummer.  in Pittsburgh though I haven't been able to find it outside of Paris since.  The crpes are authentic and lovely and they definitely serve it up with some authentic French manners.  When you go Hot Tip:  Cash only!  Come on off peak times because it's tiny and you'll be hard pressed to find a seat during lunch hours or Saturday Sunday brunch."  usually a good day to visit the Shadyside Crepes. Chances are you won't have a wait." I used to come here EVERY single weekend my freshman year of college. I'm several years out of college but come back here fondly whenever I visit Pittsburgh. It's been almost ten years since I started going to this restaurant Make sure to bring cash as it's cash only!" I would not have had a problem had the counter girl not lied to us.  Adhering to restaurant policy is one thing but outright lying to us is quite another.  I am a reasonable person and my boyfriend is one of the most easy-going and accepting folks I know; we're fine if you have to limit the menu due to lack of ingredients or time.  But to blatantly lie to us?  Guess what ...but it is totally worth the wait.  The sweet crepes are my favorite  melted cheese in a crepe is good. Know what else is good? ANY melted cheese from any breakfast place and Not having to endure this hell hole. I am just upset that I went there in the early part of my day and am now in a foul mood as a result. I have been in Pittsburgh a few weeks and this place is without rival the worst brunch I've ever had (PA or CA) So I recommend any of the crepes." No complaints about this cozy little creperie."  And will come to recognize you if you are a repeat customer. The ordering and seating routine is a little unusual. You stand in line and place an order and then get a number. Only then are you supposed to sit at a table. This does make sense since people cannot just sit at a table when there's a long line of people waiting to order. Just an FYI. The crapes are simple Like the waiter and waitress there  bookshop or breakfast joint. The charming feel of crepes  parisiennes tucked away from the rest of Shadyside proves my theory right once again." "Boom! I love this place and I'm a 6'3"" man with an appetite! Every time people want to go I think great crepes and Ill be hungry right after I eat but damn I am wrong with this place.   Breakfast crepe is my choice but they all look amazing. This place fills up fast so get in line order and grab a table. EAT!"  but I normally go for late lunch on weekdays and have no problem at all getting a table right away or my food coming out quickly. I avoid Saturday mornings here." Cash only.  I'll probably be back.  Check it out." Y7CBxIakjEK2OnU9uPaSpQ I will be back when I am in town." My only complaint is that I don't really get very full eating here. And it's kind of pricey for not getting you full. But whatever! Delicious. I really hope it's not closed."  and tasty :)  The type of place with loyal regulars.  Great country ham and eggs.  No muss Best breakfast in Belmont....love love love the White's Note - they only take cash and close around 1:30 pm" "This is the perfect breakfast joint.  Great service and a traditional country breakfast cooked perfectly.  Simple and good.  If the owners read this Also hard to spend more than $5 per person so save your credit cards for IHOP I bring my elderly parents out to Belmont every year to visit relatives and this is the place we go to on the last morning before we leave.  The people there remember us from year to year and really are the best part of Whites.  That's not to say the food isn't great because it is. Love to have livermush and grits. I will say I enjoyed the down home feeling that Whites brought to me.  The owner is so nice and that's what really makes this place.  The only thing that was disappointing was the biscuit I had with the gravy it was old and dry but hopefully that was just a one-off moment.  It is indeed Cash Only here but $20 fed both myself and another with Drinks.   I will be back to try it again for sure with a friend or more as always.  Nothing makes me happier than to see a local merchant trying to save the customer money by choosing to not pay the fees and accept credit cards.  Just stop by the ATM and grab some out before and come with an empty stomach you will be glad you did! "Went into this place knowing we needed to use cash but that's about it. We were welcomed and told there were no menus but that we could get whatever we want This place specializes in down home cooking.  They are famous for their fried chicken and I definitely recommend trying it.  They also have a variety of other foods to choose from if you're more health conscious that myself.  Definitely one to try for your next long lunch hour.  but not for a cheap lunch.  Be prepared to pay dinner prices."  and cranberry sauce on top of a muffin (they mean English muffin). But when it came out it just looked like a bowl of lard. It also felt like I was eating a bowl of lard. I should have probably ordered from the diet menu. Haven't had this bad of an experience in a while." I probably wouldn't frequent the Charlotte Cafe "The singularly worst dining experience I have ever had.  Service was extremely slow.  We were repeatedly served raw chicken.  A complimentary basket of fries offered to keep our hungry children happy during the repeated food returns was added to our bill.  On the third plate of raw chicken we decided to leave.  We asked for the raw and inedible items and the fries (that we had not ordered) to be removed from our bill.  We were willing to pay for the drinks and few edible items and the manager harangued us.  Then the owner showed up and after harassing us for awhile took the entire bill away and made a loud bizarre speech about what a great businessman he was.  Meanwhile other tables were also experiencing issues and walking out.  We handed our poor waitress  no way..breakfast better. Homefries good. Omlettes dry and not so good." My sister ordered pancakes which she had no problem with and returning to the South  I don't see why it was.  It reports a very similar experience to the one I had with the kitchen unable to cook the food right and the customer still being charged for it."  fine-dining experience... go across the parking lot.  But if you want a good meal "come here for breakfast once a week . Good  Rough start for lunch. Waitress with an attitude. Had a good little breakfast for under $6.00. Simple decor friendly staff.  the service was very slow and I waited forever for my food to come out - and it was not even anything special - scrambled eggs Doing some work while waiting for my engine oil to be changed at Firestone!" Very good. I had the salmon pattie entree. Food and service excellent.  I'll be back.  especially if you have little ones. They have a large menu and daily specials (recommend the chicken and dumplings). I've tried all sorts of things on their menu and the only item I recommend skipping are the fries." Elderly woman after me was talking quietly to the hostess about the chicken.  Based on other reviews b856Q36EWKbwbm_XdJER8Q "My family loves going here.  Kids get 2 sides for free and then we usually split a kids meal between them. My husband and I love when they have the pot roast over egg noodles special! They have lots of other great plates b856Q36EWKbwbm_XdJER8Q  this is a great spot for Breakfast."  how rude!  Not to mention my fish gyro was dry and I had to load it up with tartar sauce I ordered a takeout here today and ordered my FF extra crispy.  Same old limp soggy under cooked fries as usual.   and the food was great too. I had a gyro and it was one of the best I've ever had. This is now one of my go to places for breakfast and lunch when I'm in Charlotte." I happened to be passing by one morning and feeling a little rough from the night before.  I needed some grease to soak up the leftover booze in my tummy.  It served its purpose.  Service was nice.  I think my breakfast combo was only like 3.99." A no frills place. The food is consistent and good. The staff is always polite and the price is reasonable.  What more could you want? Great food good people and service! Shoulda brought some granola bars." Came to this location late at night and was greeted by the friendly staff. Very affordable prices and good food! They even have a dollar menu! I would come back!  egg whites and cheese)  Not a bad idea.  I asked for egg whites and they obliged.  The coffee was hot and good.  The service was acceptable for 4AM (friendly but not faked) Tables were clean and prices were good.  This one makes the list of a return trip the next time I'm in Charlotte (only after I hit the gym first)  The biscuits are good but very fattening..."  but kept forgetting to bring req'd items to the table. Although the place was packed full of people "What do you expect from a lower level Denny's in the south?  I was glad I saw this on our way to the hotel while waiting out Hurricane Irene back to NJ.  I passed a busy highway because Domino's was closed by the time we were settled in.  Mind you  located at the top of the Billy Graham Parkway at the I-85 intersection and within shouting distance of a few lower-priced hotels. Same set up and menu as all the others  it just came back as ultra scattered with nothing on top.  Not worth sending back again...just grabbed some gravy from a friend and slathered it on top." xP-6TN10JA_7C6-V1-JOEQ  there was good music playing on the juke box and the good was served quickly. I actually thought the bacon We walked in to a big hello. Two guys helped with the doors as we had 3 large suitcases. Friendly and great personality of waitresses everyone in a good mood. I had the grilled chicken biscuit.YUM jack had the omelet and the best hashbrowns yet. Great place. Cheap. Good coffee too. Now down to the review. This Waffle House has very friendly service. Several tables needed to be cleaned once my family and I arrived but they were promptly cleaned shortly after our arrival. The food came out fairly quick and the servers were super friendly to my family and the other patrons that arrived after us. My only problem was this Waffle House floors were fairly dirty and it seemed like the waitress waited for a few tables to pile up with leftovers before actually cleaning them. Other than it's cleanliness Waffle House never disappoints on breakfast and always delivers on cleanliness.  All Star is the place to be for sure.  Greasy goodness when you are hankering for calories.  is I prefer a quiet atmosphere. This place was loud even for a waffle house  it was not a bad first experience. I would probably visit another waffle house in the future When there for to go. Staffs were nice and their food was very delicious. The only thing that disappointed me was the sanitation. I saw the lady was taking out the bacons with her bear hands and the table was sort of greasy. "It's called waffle house but it doesn't offer many waffle choices. Ordered cheesesteak melt at last  while the servers were standing around. Finally I ask can someone take my order and was told someone will be with you in a minute. Then when it was time to pay stood at the register for another 5 minutes while the staff conversed with known customers. Again I had to say something before someone check me out. The manager was rude and not very accommodating."  but the overnight shift at this Waffle House were the nicest people. It's a Waffle House so the food is what it is "Harper's is like a more local version of TGIFridays or Applebees.  The food here is really delicious Harpers has a nice bar area if you want to catch one after work.  The service is consistently good and their BBQ pork is excellent.  I have dined there 10+ times and have always been satisfied and so have my guests.  It's a good atmosphere in the bar and dining areas. I highly recommend Harper's (and Harper's To Go Go)." Dont go there during lunch.  It is jam packed and your lunch hour will be over before you food comes.  I had the catfish burger and it was entirely too salty. Oh and Mom and Dad are getting GPS tomorrow.  Merry fucking Christmas." My server was friendly and cute and kept my drink filled. The food came out lightning fast and she was ready for the check when I was." Like the warm setting and the open kitchen too." "My friend and I headed to Harper's for a quick dinner before catching a movie at Phillip's Place. I was pretty pleased with the food at Harper's. And the menu has a lot of different American food options (burgers  it's also the perfect place to take out-of-town guests who want to go out ""someplace nice"" but are also picky eaters.  There's nothing outlandish on the menu.  They can always find their comfort food and I So come down to Harper's and sit at the bar!  It's a lot of fun Overwhelmingly Average!"  then they throw in Italian sausage as well.  My mouth was in heaven when we returned to Harper's Restaurant the other night after a year or so absence.   Just be careful about digging into it too quickly.  They bake the entire dish in the oven ZYViW3rchpcdHS7afeLekA  hard to avoid dairy.  Next time I'll make it on a Wednesday so I can try the Brunswick stew.  The hot bar at Harper's To Go next door reminds me of Mac Kelly's in Chicago so I'm looking forward to going back there for a quick lunch."  I think due to the moderate price and good location. If you are looking for a sort of ...  regular place.. this would be it..  which is odd Friends tried the filet-mignon and they said it was the best they have ever had.  Perfectly cooked just as they asked for.  This coming from a  world traveler and self proclaimed steak lover this says a lot."  I just had the tacos. But I suspect the rest of the food are blah too. This coming from a guy that knows somebody that works there. Sorry. It is  and small portions. The same owner's Mimosa Grill in Uptown Charlotte is much better." "Let me tell you gents this place is totes av (average). Really not much to say. If you like food you'll probably be able to eat some of it here. My friends at the table insist that I rate this place as ""good average"" but that seems meaningless. Also $2 beers of which I've had about 6."  but for a quesadilla a 30 minute wait is crazy since it's an appetizer.  I will not be going back any time soon." I think I'm done with Harper's for a while."  the food is really more like 3.5 approaching 4 star -- depending on the menu item.  Outdoor seating in season.  Location is convenient to South Park folks  but great if you have an hour for lunch. My only complaint besides timliness was the relentlessly screaming child that no one bothered to take out of the restaurant that was clearly distubring everyone trying to have their lunch." Not bad but over priced for what you get. I have only been 2x's within a year and was a little disappointed. I went for lunch last April and it was hard to find something light on the menu. I just went for dinner and ordered the honey mustard glazed salmon. It was ok but nothing special for $20.00. Probably would not go again. Personally I'm going to try a few other places around  and i bet you'll walk away thinking: ""hmm . . . that was really good.  remind me again why we don't come here more often?"""  kids portions entirely to small and bad.  Veggie burger was pretty good.  All that bad and overpaid to boot.  The baked creamy corn side may have been the worst thing to ever touch my lips!" I am sad to say that I will not visit again unless an executive group decision is made to dine here.  :  " "This use to be the go to place because the food was always consistent.  I hadn't been in about 2 yrs though due to the quality service had dropped.  So this weekend I was in the area and decided to give it another try.  I had the Ahi Tuna.  The tuna itself was good but the noodle salad had a strange  taste  full of kids and has no class but the economy is tough these days. For my money I'll get my beef (or smoked pork chops) there instead of Harper's. Wow  at least in my experience.  According to the little ad on our table  I was very intrigued by this location's arrangement. It seems to be ""covered"" by the trees that surround it  upscale dining establishments scattered across the country.  And that's not a bad thing.  What you see is what you get at Harper's: warm  but with so many choices in Charlotte I would not come back in a hurry."  so we decided to give it a try.  The food was great... unique without trying too hard So in short the prices have gone up and the quality has gone down. I guess I will have to find a new fav burger joint.Booooooo!" Food & service are very good. I would prefer to come here versus the over rated Village Tavern.  watch out for the bumble bees hovering over the Wisteria and buzzing around your tables. Their crab dip tastes great but it is heavy and the ratio is a bit off... not a lot of dip for the amount of bread they give you." Cozy enough for adults night out but lively and fine for school age kids. Winner!!!"  while it was good it did not come with a salad or any bread. Every good restaurant even the less expensive chains like Outback and Long horn you get a salad and endless fresh bread. At the very least give a salad with entree's of this caliber. Will not be going back." "Service is excellent.  Every time.  Food is just ok.  The brisket is totally juicy and fabulous but everything else I have had there is just ok.  They have a gluten free menu which is nice.  Honestly though I just go back because its convenient Stopped in here for a business lunch. A bit loud but still was able to speak clearly.  Ordered up some shrimp tacos.  Was warned they had a bit of a kick. They did and they were good!  Really enjoyed them.  Service was dead on too.  Def a place I would go back to again if I was in the area.  I'll take a sweet tea refill and so will they"". Why in the world the waitress thought it was okay to leave our drinks bone dry WHILE still eating dinner is beyond me.  As previously stated  I have not had an opportunity to come back on any Thursdays." "I like it here. My wife and I have been here a number of times. Our first visit we were pleasantly surprised with it being trivia night. The past few times we've gone for dinner and once for Sunday brunch. I like the food here a lot. I'm partial to the prime rib (my wife is too) and the chicken and waffles were nice for brunch. The restaurant is pretty clean and the venue itself has a typical American restaurant dining room vibe. Our service is usually good  good service and excellent food. I had the wood fired pizza which was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. The right of perfectly seasoned sauce and the inhouse pepperoni was superb. I could ask for much more. I haven't been there for dinner but I would definitely return for lunch." Nice atmosphere. Busy lunch. I ordered the brisket sandwich. It was a little pinker than I would normally get but that's ok. I didn't like the amount of fat on the meat. Overall servers very attentive and nice (and cute). Very friendly staff. Nice selection and food was good. Great for a casual lunch or dinner! I know Harper's is a family favorite for so many so I don't want to burst any bubbles and I can see why people like it.  They have a diverse menu "Even on a Friday night we were seated reasonably quickly. Our server Michael was outstanding  maybe they sold? The penne pasta with Italian sausage is the only thing I'll order if I go. I've taken a bet on some of my old favorites and have been really disappointed. Price is kind of high for the quality of food you get."  and they're not overly intrusive.  Atmosphere is great and the big boothes are perfect for a business lunch." I LOVE LOVE LOVE the chicken supremes! SOOO Good! I also love the sweet potato fries. My husbands favorite is the penne pasta dish with the sausage. It is really tasty.  Great place. I highly recommend! Lunch: Harper's Classic Club. Delicious. Great service. Nice atmosphere. Convenient.  my family and I had a nice experience. I'd be happy to come back." I'm sure that I will comeback and give them another try... If only for that honey glazed salmon!" This restaurant is always consistent and good - I look forward to coming back on future visits." "the food was tasty! we split the chicken sandwich and the pesto pizza 2 stars only because the service was good.  Food sucked. The staff was nice and pleasant and catered to our table with speed and accuracy.  The only drawback I have for the place is the acoustics.  It's a bit loud in there almost all the time." I was not pleased with the service that I received and I was not satisfied with the value. I highly prefer the Pineville location.  and asking the wait staff for a refill is like asking the DMV for an estimated wait time; you're probably not going to get what you're looking for.   This is particularly sad because I used to love this restaurant (Another piddly comment I have - wait staff shouldn't set up in the rest room changing clothes getting ready for shift and gossiping.  As a paying guest The good thing about this place is it's prices are reasonable especially in the area it's located.  I would probably go back." Thanks Harper's and especially Curtis Stevenson!"  the food was ridiculously above par (even better than the other times I've been here)  but each time I go back their food gets more and more greasy. Who in the world is their new chef???. And their garlic dressing is disgusting." The bad service rated a 2 but the food as usual was excellent and the way the manager stepped up made us rate our experience higher." The fajitas were delicious!  it's now hit or miss. You can't even count on them having an acceptable sanitation grade.  Our lunch there yesterday may have turned us off for good." "I don't know why I continue to come here.  The food is decent but it takes so friggin ' long to arrive.  My lunch break is an hour.  I spend about half of it waiting for my food to arrive.  It's a sandwich Always a great place! Remember going as a child at the original location on Woodlawn! This place is great always has been. Quality service and quality food. The chicken tenders are hand breaded and have been my favorite since a small child! The honey mustard is delish! For a more grown up taste ;) try the pizzas or pimento cheese! Yum! I had the worst service at Harpers tonight. Service was lousy and indicative of how the service and food selections continue to slip.  I dine here frequently and tonight was a real DISAPPOINTMENT! I asked for juice he brought me less than half a glass of pineapple juice later I asked for a glass of water  "Simply fantastic restaurant! I love the atmosphere I give it three stars based on the service not the food. Came in a Friday before the lunch crowd and sat at the bar for a quick bite to eat. Took several minutes for the bartender to breakaway from a conversation with other servers to acknowledge I had sat down. That's pretty much how the meal went - bartender more interested in chatting with other staff or texting on phone. Food was great. Had a simple club sandwich. That was fast to arrive at the table and was cheap. "I've been coming here for years. Great service. Great atmosphere. Across from SouthPark mall. Perfect for a date. Great food. Except to be honest  very bland. I ordered their five cheese penne pasta without meat and it was fair. It tasted like a standard pasta dish from any other restaurant. My friend ordered the veggie burger and was pretty pleased with it. The atmosphere was dark which is nice but the decoration reminded me of eating in an Applebee's. I doubt that I would go here again."  and gave us several updates as to when to expect our food--but we came patient since it's a no-cook holiday for moms!  The worst part of the experience was the family behind us who basically let their toddler stare and pound a blunt object on the back of our booth while blasting Calliou from an iPad.  Not the restaurant's fault "Harper's. Great place. Good food. Knowledgeable staff. Had the Cajun omelet for lunch on Mother's Day Big crowd  sandwiches and salads. The Fish Tacos are particularly tasty! Service has been spotty Convenient for take-out.  They have spots right out front to park for people picking up." Usually there for lunch and the food used to be great.  Quality has went down as the price went up. Not worth going so much anymore.  Made the mistake of accidentally walking thru the kitchen and the manager was using language that was highly inappropriate.  Along with seeing all the cooks in the kitchen plating cooked prepared food and not one of them had on gloves.  That's highly disgusting.  Would never return if it wasn't close and had to bring clients there.  Will strongly be looking for a new lunch meeting spot. "Was there with an international group of colleagues recently.  I was very unimpressed. Humus dip that had far too much cumin in it. Soggy chips with a good steak. A double espresso that smelled and tasted more like the last bit of coffee that had been sitting in the thermos all day (which it probably was). Don't go there  but overly priced in my opinion. We started with the dip duo app. The pimento cheese is very tasty. The guacamole was bland. A little salt could've helped. We shared fish tacos  which turned out to be a very odd cut and not particularly tender.   Server was very pleasant.  As this was my third trip to Harper's and none of the times was there options for lactose free  the excitement slowly disappeared as we waited on someone to come to our table and greet us...and we waited...and we waited. And nothing :(. When we left we told the hostess that no one ever came to greet us and she just shrugged. Unfortunate because we wanted to mix-up brunch! Looks like we will stick with Flying Biscuit! Can't go wrong there." "Went here for the first time tonight. Not too great. Staff was friendly enough but the food left much to be desired. Nothing beyond mediocre. We discussed food tasted re-warmed and more like catered wedding food that had sat out for a bit of time. Presentations on plates looked awkward and haphazard. Amount of food was decent Bottom line: good food if you've got time to kill with nowhere to be."  but the service was horrible and I would not return for that purpose. My search continues."  tonight we ordered two linguini and meatballs to go. Barely ate any of either serving. Tasteless sauce and really quite bad meatballs were a real surprise Average hamburger and chicken tenders. Nothing special and fairly expensive for what it was. Very forgettable." "Amazing Sunday Brunch! Party of six and all were very pleased. Food was amazing! My chicken & waffles were perfect. Decor was kind of upscale The place was bustling. So I'm glad we had a reservation. We were seated immediately--a good sign that reservations are managed well. We would have been in for a long wait without a reservation. My only negative comment is about the noise level. The noisy atmosphere did take away some aspects of the wonderful overall dining experience." We did go one other time and the wife's steak was cold and had to be sent back for warming."  don't reach across me to pour water in my glass if you are able to go to my right. How hard is it to train your servers to follow the basic rules?"  but we never wanted for anything. Overall "I had the chef salad.  They give you a lot of salad and I had my chicken blackened and grilled. My friend order the crab meat with avocado and sent it back because there was only a litttl bit of crab so basically all you got was a to mate slice with a crumb of avocado and crab meat  which was a little disappointing because we went for their bar bites menu. Luckily they worked with us and let us order the sliders and Thai pizza. They went out of their way to make us happy Good was pretty good.  We had the Burger and the Margarita Pizza.  We came in Sunday and you only have access to the Brunch Menu.  Would have liked more options as we were looking for lunch. Personally have had much better and next time in Charlotte not picking Harpers" sometimes has a wait during peak dinning hours so your best to try call ahead seating."  however. Sometimes it's not as good as others.  The prices are decent. The service is usually good."  my husband had a dinner salad with salmon and the kids had kid food ...pizza and maybe grilled cheese.  Everything was exceptional!  The chicken sandwich was cut into 4 which was awesome because the sandwich was quite large and it was tasty! Lightly battered and fried but not at all greasy.  The salad was fresh and delicious too. My husband was thrilled with his salad and the kids were quiet which was an indication that they were happy too! I will definitely be back for more tasty American food that was fresh and made to perfection.  The menu was simple and the desserts sounded good too so next time I will get something smaller to save room for the sweets"  a pleasant experience !!" The food was good but the shrimp and grits are not good. My sister had to send her order back and it took nearly 25 mins to get her new order of chicken and waffles. Now the manger had to come and bring her food and offered us free deserts. That was 40 mins ago! Never again!!  and it is perfect every single time. The staff is exquisite!"  and even greater food!!!  Definitely will be back."  tough parking access. Real chain feel from moment you walk in. Rather just go to Reids & cook at home." All in all I may return in the future although i might check other places first." Your wifi blocked me from accessing the Remington firearms website. Is this your corporate policy or just an issue with your provider? As a staunch supporter of the 2nd amendment I find this troubling and will not return to Harper's until this is resolved. Yum!!! I LOVE the Tahitian Maiden's Dream crepes here. They have extra thick bacon (very difficult to get it extra crispy- but it's really good anyway). I've had breakfast and dinner here and it's good any time of day. Long wait on weekend mornings but it's pretty tolerable. They have Creative Loafing nearby to peruse while waiting.  but it is worth it. Please don't let it discourage you. They offer courtesy coffee while you wait  be sure to get there before the church crowd!  Or you're looking at about an hour wait."  bacon and pancakes. The pancakes and bacon were pretty good. The eggs I ordered scrambled and they were too dry for me. Two things stood out to me about the service. I was drinking coffee and the waitress asked if I wanted my coffee topped off with 'decaf' - I wasn't drinking decaf. Also  so you won't have to worry about the smells of cigarette smoke intermingling with the smells and taste of your own food."  expect to wait as long as an hour because the place is just that popular. Weekdays at dinnertime Wonderful place - excellent quality food and kind staff."  friendly service - everything that you can expect from a breakfast shop. Loved it."  especially the omelets.. HUGE!"  the last time we were here we said we would never go back"".  The meals are over priced and just ok in terms of quality. When my husband spoke to the manager "I do not get it.  Why does this place get voted Best Breakfast?!  We had been once before and the pancakes tasted funky and the eggs tasted fishy.  Tried again today and were again sorely disappointed.  After struggling to piece together a breakfast and being told we couldn't do certain things because ""the computer won't let us Always a fantastic breakfast.  Great food and service!  I love this place and make sure it starts my day in the big city of Charlotte. We live close by and is a place that I will continue to frequent." If you are going with the regular's for a mid morning b'fast on a Saturday..plan to wait....a while."  quick breakfast on a late Saturday morning.  I ordered the wheat germ pancakes and they literally brought me 8 pancakes. Crush were delicious.  I was with a party of 6 and everyone was satisfied." This filling lunch was well worth my $8.  The best breakfast restaurant I've been to around the Quail Commons area where I work." Would I go here again? Not if I could test something else."  plus you cannot beat the price.  The food tastes a lot more ""real"" than IHOP and Waffle House and it's just overall a better experience." Expect a wait on the weekends. And expect to be very Really good food. Good service and fairly prompt seating. Had the crepes and the wife had a dutch baby. Both were really tasty. This is our second time here and will definitly come again.  but I really missed my eggs bennie and potato pancakes and have never looked back.  Oh Pancakes and sausage were boss too.  5 Stars until I show up again and they happen to offer less than the aforementioned perfection!  As always with my reviews of fine South of Uptown locations UzMMpUFwJhwUkHOyeXeWsQ  maybe the fact that it's gonna be packed but they do a good job churning the patrons in and out so it doesn't really suck too bad.  Just recently visited with my girlfriend and friends and one person there tried an oven baked pancake and I swear it was the size of a tire and nearly as thick.  I don't know how but he put it all away!  It looked delicious and it was a custom order so if you go and you want some additional ingredients in your pancake Service was super fast and friendly.  The wait was a bit long but it was a Saturday at brunch so I kinda think you will just have to expect to wait if you go at peak times like that.  YUM!!!" Apparently I'll be back for their seasonal pumpkin pancakes... let's guess whose idea that is??"  my fellow Charlotteans!  It'll be worth the wait and kind to your wallets."  but the pumpkin pecan pancakes complete with candle for my birthday celebration were worth it!  My first time to this great place and it didn't disappoint!  I got the pancakes (an order of SIX for $5.99...totally could've shared with someone and brought three home) and the hashbrown potatoes which were both delicious and no syrup needed!  Also at our table we have pigs in a blanket (pancake wrapped sausage links) "BEST PANCAKES IN TOWN. This place is by far my favorite bfast brunch spot. And their pancakes are better than any brunch location out there (NYC included). If you want to avoid the wait But I do have to remember that this is the South...so therefore everything comes in extra large.  I wish I was able eat all of it  however the wait was relatively short about 10 minutes. We started with the fresh squeezed orange juice! It was very fresh and and a large is in a huge glass! A small is all you may need. My companion ordered the Bacon and Egg platter that comes with 3 pancakes. He said that it was all cooked well and the bacon was thick cut and cooked to just the right crispness. I ordered the Chorizo omelet with banana pancakes. The omelet was HUGE! Apparently they make their omelets with 5 eggs! You definitely could share! I took over half of it with me. The omelet was very fresh  and another 20 for it to come. The manager couldn't have cared less. We had to go into the kitchen to get ketchup. No refills on coffee  the existence of an establishment like OPH proves the incestuous relationship that takes place between ""well-established"" restaurants that are merely coasting by based upon past glories and name recognition  almost diner like breakfast...this is my jam.  Tons of variety  he wasn't afraid to pitch in when things were busy.  It helped turn the tables over and get ppl seated faster.  Based on my experience  but it's good enough when you want steak and eggs in the afternoon. Service is excellent and the place is always clean."  and the dining area is always clean.  Portions are generous Prices a bit high for breakfast ($11.95 for the Chorizo omelet with side of potatoes) My family and I have gone to this location several times and the wait has never been too long and the food has always been doggy bag worthy... Everything with this place was totally right I take all of my out of town guests here and they have all fallen in love with this place." oph is so good!  anything on the menu is worth trying and the service is always exceptional.  my Server told me how to get what i wanted as a package deal!  At 11:00 am Friday Breakfast they were Packed!"  but if I were basing my rating solely on the quality of the food then I would give The Original Pancake House a 5-star rating. The food tastes fantastic and it is very reasonable for the price. You definitely should check it out the next time you are looking for a great brunch spot and have some time to kill." This is not in Ballantyne Love this place! Haven't had a bad meal yet!! Really like the fresh strawberry pancakes or the bacon pancakes (sounds weird but really delish). Any of their omelletes are good. Especially the Fresh Vegetarian. I normally get the eggs benedict and one of their specialty coffees they serve in a french press. Be prepared to wait - don't think I've ever waited over twenty minutes. Well worth it in my opinion. This was my first visit to one in NC but I was a big fan in GA. I will be going back. There are few places where you get such great service with such HUGE plates of food. Strawberry waffles are next on my list!" Great service tonight as usual. The menu is the same but the food seems to get better anytime. For little $ you great a grand meal with a side of home made whipped cream. Nice day for some brunch at the ohop. Meat lovers omelet was great.  The waitress kept forgetting things. We asked for extra napkins twice. First she only bought us 2. Well it was 2 people at the table. Then we asked for more an had to ask 2 times. We come here several times a year. This was unusual for the waitress staff. The food was good.  old fashioned oat meal.. There's so much to choose from and I can never settle on just one thing! I ALWAYS end up ordering WAY too much food at the original pancake house. It's all so delicious. I'm a big fan of the plain crepes and the chocolate chip pancakes. I get one of these dishes every time. The oat meal is really tasty Everyone was very satisfied with their food. You get a lot of great food for a great value. When we left there was a thirty minute wait and now I know why. Timing is everything when coming here."  this place is rocking. Expect an hour wait on sunny days." Love this place!  Great food and huge portions. Love to eat here every time we Re in the South park area around breakfast time Great service! You more than enough food for your money and the service is flawless. The only reason it didn't 5 5 is because you have to catch the establishement on it's rare occasion of not being PACKED or else you'll be waiting a bit for a table as it's almost always busting at the seams (on weekends). "Today was my first time eating here. The food was great. I had the strawberry French toast with eggs over medium came out with fresh strawberries and strawberry syrup soo delicious also my eggs were perfect. As for my husband he had the steak and cheese omelet it was so fluffy and filled with shaved steak and veggies I recommend it. The reason for my 4 stars was because our server seemed to have an off day. She was rude and then had the Odasity to be friendly to the table next to is The restaurant is in a busy location but this was not a problem when I arrived. I like the warmness of the restaurant.  I ordered two buckwheat pancakes and two eggs over hard.  Buckwheat is a type of flour that is supposed to be pretty health.  I enjoyed every bit of the meal as it was just enough for my stomach.  Service was fast and courteous so we were able to run in Very yummy :) great with kids.. We spilled a drink and before we could ask for help they had a stack of napkins ;)  the staff are friendly. Restaurant always is busy .their menu  had Blintz a fill time in the year"  awesome food. A great menu. If you want to eat healthy you can eat healthy you want to pig out then go for it." Great place for pancakes - huge portions and a variety that pleases any taste. I am a fan of the crepes. Very busy always so expect a wait unless you get there early.  our server was friendly and efficient. This is definitely a favorite spot for breakfast in Charlotte."  it gets very busy around 1030 12; people are packed outside waiting for a table. Promise you the wait is well worth it!"  but it typically moves pretty quick so don't be discouraged if you see a line if people outside." Really good coffee in a not small mug. Good service and tasty food (I had an apple Belgian waffle with Turkey bacon). I'll be back.  and awesome pancakes!  The wait was surprisingly short given that it was Father's Day.  Staff is very friendly  if you know better send me a message or something." Their bacon is the best in town.  Thick cured and flavorful bacon.  Yum!  The staff is always friendly and the wait time is never as bad as other restaurants." The staff is friendly and efficient. I love a restaurant where the servers actually work hard.  They move quick  loud and definitely worth a visit." The pancakes are really good never overdone or underdone. Good service waitresses are nice and it does not take that long to get your food.  and no one in my family has ever complained." "The very basics of breakfast nothing extraordinary here. My trip would have been fine except I ordered hash-browns and instead got home fries. To make things worse when I asked the waiter about it she wanted to argue with me about wether hash browns and home fries were the same. Instead she could of said ok would you like something else instead. Oh well "Fantastic place to eat. My wife has came here as long as she can remember and we've together been going here for several years. He food is always excellent  the gluten free blueberry pancakes did not agree with me. I wouldn't say I have a serious gluten intolerance This place is very busy from the church crowd on weekends and parking is scarce.  Be prepared to lose your place in line if your entire party isn't there already."  the gentleman who seemed to be the boss that evening was very pleasant.  I will definitely return to OPH." The parking is brutal at the South Park location and I need to do something about it because parking in the morning only gets worse in the afternoon and am I need to do something about the parking situation here I don't recommend trying to being bring multiple cars here just bring one car pack everybody in it because parking is brutal."  no matter the time of day. A favorite place. Caught in the South Park area with no dinner reservations? You'll get in here and have a great meal."  and to try good looking omelets we saw but won't make a special trip across town just for breakfast. Wasn't worth $30 for sure." "As long as I have been coming here I have never been unhappy with the visit. From the long waits to the large crowds I love coming here and I LOVE Original Pancake House has always had really great food. I truly do think this is one of the best places if you just trying to get some good breakfast food without any drama. I have always gone with Family every Sunday for Brunch and it gets packed but the wait is worth every bit. "FUN! FUN! Fun! Great place to take the kids. Be prepared for long wait times on Sunday without a reservation. OPH had a line around the block. Front hostess was friendly. HUGE food portions "NEVER again!!! I brought my three year old here this morning for pancakes. We were seated at a table where she was not able to reach to eat. I asked for a booster and was told they dont have seats that strap to the chairs. I asked if we could please have a booth so that we could use a booster for her to reach the table. The manager came over and said he would have to put our names back at the bottom of the list....as they are clearing off a booth!! Two grown adults were seated there  for our first time.  This place had a 4 star rating.  The reviews and food photos looked pretty darn good so we gave it a try.  It was fantastic!  We ordered the French press coffee and both the apple pancake and the Dutch baby with fruit (both considered their specialty items).  My husband truly enjoyed his apple pancake Other than that not a bad place to grab Breakfast and keep it real people If you crave pancakes as I did last night this is the spot . My banana cakes came w nuts and a side sauce containing small banana chunks & a light lemon flavor. They were wonderful! Very clean & bright. My server was A+. Way too much money for the lack of quality and service -" "Wonderfully surprised the food here is the best my husband and I ever tasted he had blueberry pancakes and I had the big bird salad the chicken salad and the fresh fruit was to die for the service was absolutely wonderful. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to my family and friends we will be back  and swedish crepes. Their strawberries are always fresh and sweet and I can't get enough of their homemade whipped cream. I always get seated quickly Stopped off here after a pickup at the airport. My friend & both enjoyed our food - we had pancakes & egg.  The waitress was a trainee & was very friendly & efficient. "My family have been eating at this location for years! The prices  but they didn't have any almond or soy milk for the coffee--that left a bad taste in my mouth. The potatoes I ordered were EXTREMELY salty and had very little flavor.  Potatoes should be a bit crispy and have at least a creamy and a crunchy texture--these were just a salty overload and way overcooked."  and the service was excellent. I will return. Did I mention that I dislike IHOP? :)"  which all seemed very fresh and flavorful! I order my eggs over easy and they don't always come out that way at other places... props to the kitchen for making me some perfectly cooked eggs! Very filling meal This is a good place to come if you are one of those people who can't figure out what you want. You can literally piecemeal your entire order. Do it. And come early on the weekend or expect a big wait."  don't get me wrong. I just hate it when a place you were comfortable with begins the nickel-n-dime trend."  and food comes out quick also. You would be in and out of there in no time! I will most definitely come back when I'm in Charlotte again."  and now when we visit Charlotte stopping in here never disappoints. The waiters and waitresses are very kind and social  but damn...their bacon is good here.  It tastes great and is never soggy flimsy.  If you are looking to avoid the 90 minute wait at Cheesecake Factory  but the restaurant is very efficient on moving people through. The pancakes were very good. Service was great."  and turkey bacon (crispy). The food came out quick and hot. Surprisingly my turkey bacon was perfect . I will definitely come back to this location." Very nice place for breakfast or lunch. Nice area and nice people. Also good food. No complaints. Where do I even start?! This is my go to place for breakfast in Charlotte. I've even came here for lunch when I worked in South Park. It's the bomb. My favorite is the egg combo with turkey bacon and buckwheat pancakes. Don't forget the strawberry or Apple syrup depends on what mood I'm in. We keep saying we're going to try the apple pancake. But it's so huge. I'm scared lol. Go here! It's my favorite and will be yours too. It's one of those places where you become a regular and don't need a menu to order after a few trips. The food is good but the texting system for seating guests doesn't work.  My family waited over an hour because of the issue and not as much as a sorry. Omelet was great! !! Pancakes and bacon horrible. ..hashbrowns with cheese on point. .. Overall a good breakfast.  I think we would go with the specialty next time - pancakes." "This place has many menu options to choose from.  The food is very good and well cooked.  Pancake specials are alway great.  The prices are good.  Service is good Good food. Long lines. Worth the wait! The pancakes are really good however don't order the apple pancake. It takes 20-25 minutes to cook and it wasn't all that. Please save your time and money. Pet peeve- warm syrup wasn't warm!!! We asked for warm syrup twice and it wasn't warm at all. Who wants to eat hot food with cold syrup?  food was ok. 20 to 25 is what the wait person told everyone that walked in the door while 60 min later they kept say 10 more minutes we rode it out to see how attentive they would be.  The waitress was great but because they put a rush on the food they left it undercooked.  I won't be back the hostess had to keep going to the manager to see where snd how she could seat us." Best breakfast in Charlotte. Reasonably priced & friendly service! I've been here about 20 times now and they never disappoint! Sometimes when a restaurant has a wait... It's because they are that good! This place is amazing. If you go on a Saturday or Sunday morning you'll probably wait a little. It may look crowded but they turn tables like crazy. This place is great for getting Brinner (Breakfast for Dinner). The best part about this place is that the meals are fairly cheap. We get take out from this location at least once a week and its generally $12 for the 2 of us.  but wait can be long in weekend mornings. Recommendations are: junior plate  rude and had to have the last word. When she first came to our table we asked to order and she was obviously thrown off by this. She went to get her notepad "Great stuff there!  Crispy bacon and friendly Fantastic Place and all the food is great although I wish they had Shredded hash browns instead of country potato hash browns.  I usually get the strawberry French toast or the Dutch Baby which is the same as a German Pancake!!  There is usually always a wait but it moves fast and they use the NoWait app so you know right where you are at in line or get in line in advance!! I always see people standing outside waiting for a table so I knew it had to be good. We didn't wait long. Sweet tea was good. I got the crepe. It was my first crepe ever. It was good and flavorful and light and fluffy at the same time. My fiance got the pancakes and he loved them. Service was good and attentive for how busy they were. I would definitely go back again.  coffee and hash browns was over $16. I pay $8 for the same meal at my local diner."  but didn't feel like I was crowded. They do have healthier options of that's what you are looking for." "Food was not bad but their service wasn't all that great. I'm not impressed with the pancakes... Overall We've gone here for dinner (I think they're open until 9pm)  but the fact that I was treated so poorly made an impression that no ""credit"" could make up for. I will never go back to OPH and highly recommend anyone considering a trip there consider other options." "All I can say is ""Oh My God"". The menu...extensive. Food...great. Coffee...fabulous. I had the ""Dutch baby"" which was just great. Tried a little of everyone else's food and all was outstanding.  My waitress  but it didn't take us long to get a table. The service was great. I ordered the patriotic pancakes and my boyfriend got a huge omelet. You definitely get your money's worth."  pumpkin etc.. Their so called ""hash browns"" are home fries- they are just ok. Wish they had shredded hash browns but the pancakes make up for them!" The food here is amazing!!! Love the variety and the quality. The service is also good. When I worked in the area this was my go to spot for a quick brunch or breakfast fix!  turkey bacon and substituted my pancakes for grits.  I didn't take time to really think much past taking a photo and I smashed the whole meal.  The pricing is a bit higher than what I would like and the whole experience just reminds me of an IHOP knockoff.  Maybe they came first but I really don't know.  What I do know is if you are looking to have a quick bite this would be a great place to try.  I mean what have you really got to lose?  For the area that you are in I would say this is a really good spot.  Of course you can grab something a bit more immaculate since this is located in Southpark Charlotte and there's a McDonalds right next door that does all day breakfast although those folded eggs aren't really my thing.  I can't really comment on this places Pancakes because I have never had them.  Another visit is due at a higher traffic time when it's packed to see what things are like then.  Until next time.." "I just don't get the appeal of this place. My mom loves it and if the lines out the door are any indication everyone else loves it as well. Every time I've been here the place has been packed and cramped and the food is nothing to really write home about. I make better breakfast at home. Now that being said "Great food. Clean restaurant. Nice staff. A Manager who works. Bacon was great. I had the Tahitian Dream Crepe and my wife had Bermuda Pancakes. We are going to come back again. Manager was friendly "This is one of those all-american places that serves just about anything but none of it is truly outstanding.  But it is a good place to go to hang out  they're more like country comes to the city type folks.  You are not likely to see any ties or fancy dresses here Good service and a very filling meal. It kept me going for several hours!" KQqkkg5jaxIbdMIG4MJCIw "Good for what it is. Family style place with a large menu. Nothing fancy "Places like this are a dying breed which is a shame because I absolutely love it here. I've been going to Charlotte 2 to 4 times a year for about 6 years to visit one of my best friends and there hasn't been a visit where I haven't gone to Sunrise. I love all the booths and I've never had to wait for a table. Among my favorites are grits Awesome diner food! Simple meals for a decent price!! "Great for breakfast. Good biscuits and link sausages. Also I have not been disappointment with fish dishes  that this place isn't open for late night or else I would come here more often." "Great breakfast! Food is very consistent always seems a little better than the other similar places around here. The one thing I like is that they know how to fry an egg over medium. I know it is a simple task  and the price was good  you will leave full and satisfied. Lunch and dinner are really good and reasonably priced. The portions are generous and the wait staff is as good as it gets. They recently redid the interior ( it was getting pretty shabby ). My bottom line for Sunrise is this....if you are in the area and want a really good home style meal at at good price turn into their lot and try to find a space to park....it will be busy." I usually check out sunrise for breakfast but decided to try them out for dinner and I was not disappointed. First and foremost I love the old school diner vibe. The customer service is friendly and it's nice to eat at a place where the regulars eat daily that really says something about a place. I ordered the salmon cakes with a side of mustard greens and pinto beans!!! The salmon cakes were awesome fresh and crispy the pinto beans were to die for along with the greens that were seasoned to perfection. The cheese cake for dessert was awesome sweet and creamy and the best part the prices are reasonable!!!!  The breakfast special Monday through Friday is a great deal" "Go there with family friends all the time. Friendly staff "This place is a mom and pop type of place. I come here in between work shifts. The staff is awesome the service is quick and the food is good. Prices aren't bad either. You definitely get what you pay for. I think the breakfast specials are the best prices in the area so if you are looking for all of the above  long time! So much delicious food and it's so dirt cheap! I've only had the breakfast but I get it very frequently. We ordered at work once with ten separate orders and they were super nice about it too and didn't complain  which just confirms the wholesome goodness this restaurant offers.  It's affordable. They have a variety of healthy options and large portions. I had the stir fry which I was able to take home leftovers for lunch the next day.  can't believe I passed by this place so many times before giving it a try. Oh did I mentioned they serve breakfast all day. Yeahhhh"  and collard greens to go. The corn bread (comes with every order I believe)excellent as well. Everything was delicious and affordable. Very large portions enough for left overs if needed. The manger was very helpful and extremely nice. I will definitely be making my way back here!!" "Their biscuits. The end. I have been here for breakfast and dinner. On the weekends in the morning it can get pretty crowded I'm eager to come back and try breakfast as there seemed to be a breakfast special for $5 or so before 1130." "Quaint breakfast place in East Charlotte. I don't think you should make an exclusive trip to visit here but if you're already on this side of town it's worth a look. Just prepare yourself for wait "Everytime I'm in town this is a must stop for breakfast.  Priced incredibly reasonable and quite tasty.  I love the fact that they have a turkey sausage option.  They have the biggest "I haven't had a bad meal here and Miss Jaime the waitress is AWESOME!!! All the staff work very hard to bring you a good home style meal.   Large portions for small prices. I've had the shrimp with soup and salad and peach cobbler  I never like my food! It is always greasy and flavorless. I tried breakfast Such good food the biscuits hash browns grits and sausage links are so good. Service was amazing too would recommend to anyone The service seemed to be the best part. All the servers were attentive and Britanny  too. Had the Western Omelette this morning and intended to take pictures  if your old enough to remember that show. The staff is very pleasant an the restaurant has a nice welcoming atmosphere. I usually get the double cheeseburger with fries or the turkey club with fries. Both are excellent IMO and always right. They have a decently priced grab and go breakfast deal I get sometimes. It's best you call on the way so it's ready when you arrive so you can just pay and be on your way."  dinner and take out. I've never had anything I didn't love. The food is always hot and fresh Ive been here three times now. Everything was delicious all three times. Servers are top notch. Attentive and fast.  I love to run into people I know when here and the staff always remember me! Great desserts!!" Anytime I go to Sunrise there always full. There food is great. Good home cooked meals. My favorite dish is the lasagna. Price was right too. I will go back :-)" Perfect greasy spoon!! Great breakfast and great grilled cheese!!  Service is excellent!! 0sbPpUIyTpcx90bLRsVx0w  servers are very attentive and run around like chickens with their heads cut off they are so busy usually. this is a strange little spot but so good. everything i have had from burgers to seafood was a yummy delight. one of these mornings when im not working im going to go over there and have some breakfast!! :) ive heard great things! my only peeve about the restaurant is that they dont have a to go menu..." Greasy spoon joint.  Great neighborhood place serving breakfast and lunch.  Love their breakfast.  Seating is limited so expect to wait to be seated on a weekend because the locals flock to this place since its the only place nearby serving a good breakfast other than fast food. Waitresses are really nice and will make you feel at home. Great food and prices. The people are really nice.  Try the greek omelet. "i am changing my review completely. this place is way too busy and im sure breaking fire codes by having way too many people in there. the cashier has the worst attitude ever and needs to be re-evaluated by her boss. horrible customer service  great people.  We love this place!" "Great place to grab some quick and delicious breakfast in the morning. But it's always pretty full and you normally will have a wait ahead of you The best breakfast in the area with a wonderful staff that knows you by name after one or two visits.  The prices are extremely reasonable.  We usually have the shuffletown special and the liver mush is fried very crispy! Love this place and take guests and out of towners here for one of the best breakfast places in Charlotte. I truly do love this place wonderful staff and amazing food. I always had great customer service from the staff and always a friendly face. This is a great place to go get awesome food and the owners r the best!!! U will not be disappointed if u go here for breakfast and or lunch!! "Shits poppin. Would give five stars but lids on to-go cups are a little iffy. Also damn how many characters do I need to type for this to be a review "Would give it a 5 but one time I ordered out and they shorted me a sausage patty!! I love their sausage. I prefer their French toast over pancakes but the problem is they don't have a French toast breakfast with eggs and meat. It's all a la carte. I ordered eggs Them grits tho lol seriously the ultimate breakfast spot period !!! I'm about to go there now !!! Cant wait to try their lunch." "Great ""hometown"" atmosphere.  Service was super friendly.  Food is simple and delicious.  Their breakfast menu is all very good." I like the vegetarian options but understand that we are all not the same. My lady friend loves the breakfast and other meats. We have never had a bad experience here." This is now our once a week go to breakfast spot!" Very busy but fast diner. Fun and friendly staff! Great diner food! Will be back for more. Highly recommended.  if not then maybe we don't come back and go to Dicks Caf in Newton and become regulars there because there the servers give EVERYONE the same great Came in after rugby match and it met every expectation! Fast friendly and delicious! Two thumbs up Stumbled across this gem!!! I was starving and CRAVING  a last minute breakfast! Great food and service! Will definitely be back! "Epitome of ""hole in the wall"" type diner with friendly southern staff. Ignore the unsightly atmosphere and enjoy hot coffee and a decent filling breakfast. Prices are cheap and the portions are plentiful. The food isn't grandma's cooking but the effort is worth it."  whatever....all is good-  and multiple types of potatoes...nice touch.  Service is wonderful and lots of seats....so unlikely to have to wait"  I will probably never come here again. But you never know since my coworkers love to go to places like this for a ""plate lunch""."  I am always filled up(and I eat a lot). Great country style family cooking. They serve all the classics(fried squash Best breakfast in the area. Good food. Good service. Very clean. Reasonable prices.  Can't beat that combination. Will be my breakfast goto place. When you want good old fashioned service and a hot country breakfast this is a sure hit." "This place is outstanding and worth finding!  ""Kendra"" was a great waitress and full of personality and beauty.  Will return when I am back in Charlotte. Had breakfast special"  home fries and a biscuit.  I got lots and lots of perfectly crispy bacon!!!!  The home fries were excellent and crisp.  The biscuit was large and soft....great great great.  I will definitely be back!!" "Love the food and the atmosphere. I eat here a few days out the week.  The staff are exciting and entertaining and always make you feel like a valued customer. Im a huge fan of the breakfast meals. They are portioned just right for hard working men and women who may need the extra love. You also have to try the Big Burger with bacon if you a fan of big juicy burgers. The menu offers an impressive list of foods to fit your needs and mood. Very spacious eating area and can accommodate your entire family. If you are in the city... better yet the state of North Carolina Went to the stockyard for the first time based on yelpers reviews andddd drumrolll please. They weren't lying . Fantastic waitresses . fantastic breakfast . had a scramble. Was nice n filling. Tasted the grits of my co diner and was just the way i like creamy goodness. Also tasted the kid Mickey mouse pancake. Excellent. We left after my 2 yr old finished hugging the pretty blonde waitress. Who was fantastic with him .made him a juice cup too. Wow. "The breakfast was very good and the portions were very large. The prices are even better. The reason why this place got only three stars was because I wasn't a huge fan of their service. We waited a while before we received menus and the place wasn't even busy yet. Decor was nothing special there's counter seating "New to town and thought about giving this restaurant a go.  Great experience Our new favorite breakfast lunch place to go. Had breakfast and lunch there.  The Reuben sandwich was delicious.  Service and price was great. The food was great and our waitress was funny and accommodating. New to Charlotte and was trying to find nice breakfast spots. I did.  Amber did a great job on service and getting my family's needs taken cared of. The food is excellent and the atmosphere is nice and pleasant. The value of the food compared to the price is good. No complaints from this family. We will become regulars here when we visit our kids." Very friendly. An older facility but kept clean. Heads up:  they do not serve breakfast after 11 during the week.  but not likely to become a fan mostly because they are out of my way.  I also think the grill needed a fresh scrub on which my sausage was cooked The wait staff is always courteous and prompt. The prices on the menu are acceptable to the food you receive. The quality of food is excellent and cook very well. I have eaten here several times and have never had a bad meal or dining experience. Wish they were open past 3pm. One of the best breakfast you can get in the area as well.  not really a place to take the family. Give it a try though."  and right by the house...." The service is always great too!"  friendly and talkative." Great place for a good meal and internet without spending too much money. :-)" Friendly staff n good food! "Stopped in around midnight on a Saturday night after the Carolina Rebellion show. Our waitress was kind of short with us but she was polite. I just think she was in a hurry due to the number of tables she had. That aside The little bubble in my head said what does she mean by that response.  I figured the cook forget the blueberries at last minute .  Did not look like the menu pic.  Can't  believe that they serve us that. Oh I didnt want to give them one star but didnt have a choice. Not good service at all went in on a saturday morning around 10 a.m got seated they didnt take our drink order just sat us with the menu. waited about 20 mins saw the waitress a couple of times never made eye contact with us then finally after 30 min of no drinks or any contact we got up and left manager was no where to be found.  and all my food was made with love to perfection."  and the bacon and sausage links were soggy. The toast and hash browns were the only items cooked correctly. My wife's omelette was filled with unmelted cheese I'm never coming back to a Denny's. If I could give zero stars then I would."  comparable to IHOP...will visit again if in the area I gave 1 star only because the software requires it.  Denny's owes me money and an apology." So amazing and nice employees. Great food like great. It's weird that it's this good but I come here once a week and it is godly  then went and washed them off and served them again. Service was mediocre (being kind) which she did try to make up for with a free dessert. Glad I won't be coming to this location anymore." My advice? Order to-go." "Impossible to believe the changes in the quality of the food and service we had. I don't know if they have new management or we happened to hit the right night with the right cook Kids still eat free on Tuesday so that is always nice. And they have a wide variety for the kid's menu. Even if it is not free "First time here. Not impressed. The place isn't even halfway full but it still took while a to get our food. Our waiter was rushing and not actively listening. For example: I asked for butter for my sons pancakes and a saucer to put the extra food on seeing as his plate was over flowing. He brought back the butter only. I then reminded him of the saucer and he returned with a bowl. I said sir  their milkshake smoothie machine wasn't working correctly and instead of telling us it took the guy till our food was on the table to bring our kids their shakes and they looked awful!  The manager sits at the counter and watches while the servers run around trying to handle the customers without the tools necessary to do their jobs. I know that it's Dennys and I shouldn't expect much but there is something to be said for friendliness. The food was good though Nice family place with a 50's deco." Fake 50's decor and kitsch - primary reasons for visiting here.  Need more really GOOD casual (not fast food) eateries near the Arboretum." This place reminded me of the neighborhood diners of old.They serve breakfast and burgers and other diner fare.While the food was pretty good the service left a little to be desired did not have the excessive wait as other posters{thank goodness)but was disappointed with the friendliness of the server in general.If your planning on grabbing lunch have patience because they have pretty heavy lunch traffic. "The food is actually fairly mediocre.  But with an endless supply of buy one get one coupons they distribute  but I think these places are kind of lame.  My parents used to take me up here when I was younger.  They put my fries in these old classic car trays and would post them up in my room.  I went here for a nostalgic feeling It's not an earth-shatteringly wonderful dining experience I've taken out-of-town friends and family to Good Ol' Days for someplace different after I've already taken them to my favorite breakfast place (Pewter Rose) the day before.  You can't go wrong with a 50s diner; there's something for everyone.  And this one usually offers great They also have sandwiches for lunch and a case full of chocolates that rotate seasonally. Its a charming little spot with friendly staff and a relaxed atmosphere."  there have been times when I have waited for food for longer than I would have liked or felt necessary.  Since it is difficult to surmise when those times might be  we call ahead from work and one of us will whip up to the window to grab our goodies quickly. I've also been to quite a few parties that they've catered-- including my own baby shower My lunch was the goat cheese salad - what I failed to realize was that the goat cheese was fried.  EVEN BETTER!  It was a delicious salad and something I would definitely look forward to ordering again next time I am in Fort Mill."  decorating the house and creating a gourmet meal. Liz's 40th birthday was approaching and I wanted her to enjoy her friends. I knew I'd have to find a caterer who could live up to her standards...or it would be a long year. Jane and team at Jumpin' Java Bistro 160 surpassed our expectations. The food was a hit including homemade epinadas and pork sliders. They took care of everything! The decorations were a complete surprise and we couldn't stop taking pictures of the spread. Trays of champagne for a birthday toast were the icing on the cake. When Liz and I treat ourselves to breakfast and Jane's homemade strawberry jam The staff was great - our drinks stayed refilled and everyone had a smile. Great little find hidden away in a tiny little strip mall." "This place is awesome!  We had a business meeting in Fort Mill and needed both morning and lunch options.  A friend recommended Jumpin Java so I gave them a call.  Melinda Overpriced and my muffin was stale.  Not worth the $7 I spent on the muffin and coffee.  Will not go again.  Believe it is overpriced due to the area... "I spent time waiting through several traffic lights due to heavy Christmas traffic going to this place to pick up a cake for my wife. I finally get there and there are 5 customers (all ladies) with two ladies behind what looks like a counter. I go up to it and both ladies walk away!  I look around and notice another counter on the opposite side of the store. I go over there and one of the store ladies asks to (finally) help me. I tell her why I'm there. She disappears and another store lady returns with the cake. She tells me what I owe and I pay her. There was no friendly greeting  and the occassional business meeting.  Gotta love the neighborhood anti-Starbucks." So much hope. So many promises. So little to show... so far."  always near by to check in or just look around the table and make sure everyone has eveyrthing they need.  We'll go back just for the exceptional service we've found with this gal -- ... and hopefully everything else will continue to fall into place there too."  the entree of chicken and fish with veggies was just ok.  This is such a great venue for a reception but they would be exceptional if they could put more attention into the food." They also have an excellent beer selection!"  I'm not sure how we were supposed to get from the covered porch where the wedding was to three buildings down where the reception was taking place.  The food was okay for it being buffet style in a large quantity.  They had penne noodles with garlic and parmesan  and the course was in excellent shape. This was a sucess because of the staff. We had to do nothing but work with our caterer and welcome our guests. The carts were lined up Great golf outing yesterday. I live 10 mins away in Fort Mill and I know why all my buddies in Charlotte come play here instead of Ft Mill or Springfield. The staff is courtesy and actually acts like they are glad you're there. The restaurant is great and they have great local beer selections. The course is in great shape for March. I will keep coming here to play.  and the down to earth service - the perfect spot to watch regulars enjoy the hearty breakfast."  good prices and tasty food.  Echo what previous posts say about the hashbrowns!  Breakfast burrito is really good and gigantic" "Three Sisters is one of the best breakfast joints in the Madison area. For me the two best things are the hash browns and the omelettes. Like all the other raters I would rate this place higher if they lowered the prices and moved people thru like a diner should." "I have eaten at Three Sisters for over 10 years. Never had a bad ANYTHING. Pot roast (I want to say their Thursday lunch special) is incredible. Tortilla soup also excellent "It is all about the pot roast.  Don't be distracted by the canned beans.  The roast is what all other roasts want to be.   And if you are a glutton  just good food simply made. Pancakes are huge and delicious. They have build your own omelets and egg beaters are available by request. Oatmeal was very good. My whole breakfast was $11. One funny thing is that it seemed like they only have six menus for the whole restaurant. We had four in our party and had to wait for a table of six to order before we could get a menu. Overall I liked the simple atmosphere cheap prices and good food." "Great coffee and some of the best eggs I've ever had. It's sort of a hole in the wall "Had breakfast at Three Sisters a few days ago while at Middleton for a meeting.  Very ""down home"" place.  Mexican flavorful dishes along with midwest-country favorites.  I had some eggs and the Mexican hash browns.  Great way to start the morning.  Friendly staff knew the customers and welcomed new-comers.  Patrons here ranged from seniors in high school to senior citizens.  Very congenial."  I heard them tell someone."  chatty waitresses who dote on the kids like they were their own grandkids.  Inexpensive.  Oatmeal for when you want to eat somewhat healthy (this place ain't for health food...)  Omelet was good  meats and veges.  I tried the onion rings which had a slightly sweet batter.  It really perked up the onion flavor.   Worth the money.  and it seemed like it could use a food service inspection because it was pretty dirty."  2 pancakes- I chose blueberry.  The pancakes had great flavor and the berries where awesome - very fresh.  We also tried the corned beef hash.  It's just hashbrowns with corned beef chunks and large onion slices.  It's ok "It is as good as all the reviews say!   It is a nice little diner with great service.   I was greated immediately upon entering.   I sat down and was asked right away what I wanted to drink.   The coffee was hot and fresh.   I had the 2  but the staff is still at your table taking your drink orders quickly.  The staff is always super friendly and all of the breakfast items I've tried have been great.  Even better I love this place! It's family owned and operated (still!) and is old-timey like most places aren't anymore! For a yummy feel-good blast from the past meet me at Three Sisters! :-) "A great family run business.  Friendly service She said they were very tasty!  I had the country scramble. Loved it. Prices were good. Nice local joint. Recommend!!" "I love this place! The chicken and dumplings I had today were delicious and the service was amazing and super friendly as usual! For a comfortable dining experience  everything is made to order that is why it takes so long... Seriously that is what we were told.  Other reviewers say ""it is like their mothers used to make"".  Sorry to hear your mom was a lousy cook.  And she must've been a grouch.  Yes the food is pretty bad.  Why people go here I can't understand.  I gave it three visits before passing judgement.  The verdict - AVOID." First we waited 20 minutes which was ok with us but then we waited 45 minutes for our two items to show up that too incomplete. As one of the reviewers mentioned the breakfast was very oily. Taste was just ok. Won't be going back. I can't speak for lunch or dinner but I'd definitely recommend Three Sister's for breakfast." "Was very good. Love finding these little local off the main drag local places to eat. Food was great Service was super slow. I think it took 40 minutes for us to get our food which is outrageous. The food was also kind of pricey for what you get. Our meal was $18 and probably should have cost around $12. Not to mention the surprise that they don't take credit cards. There aren't any signs posted anywhere that they only accept cash "Me and my son have been coming here for years. As regulars the staff is always friendly and welcoming.  My 9th old son loves the cinnamon rolls and the Benedict is done very well. The missing star is for the quality of the coffee. A small investment could change this.  Overall there is a lack of great ""greasy spoon"" places such as this.  Not many left in this corporate world." We were in Middleton and wanted some breakfast so we stopped in and gave this place a try. This is a basic diner. Nothing fancy but they give you a good amount of food and you don't need to wait very long. The service was good and the owner was friendly.  the service felt personal and pleasant. Good coffee. For those of you like me that travel on business they do not accept CC. It is cash only. The diner is a little run down a could use some TLC but in Western Madison it is a good option."  like stale cigarette smoke. The eggs were under done but the toast was fine. I don't know where these five star reviews are coming from but it doesn't sound like the same place I just walked into."  I do remember that I was only somewhat satisfied with my experience. The food was only mediocre The omelet was ok. Cripsy hashbrown with sourdough."  it is not the most scenic of  restaurants I wanna be awesome when I'm 90.  *crossing my fingers*"  Great Price. You can't go wrong with this place." Great place for great breakfasts and service. Home cooked and friendly competent staff. Good inexpensive cafe food. Pleasant waitresses. Things on menu you won't find in franchise restaurants. We got there around 8:30am (on a weekday) and almost had the place to ourselves but more people kept trickling in as we ate." I live in Colorado and was returning home to Wisconsin for a wedding. So happy to find this amazing little diner off of Highway 151. A hardy old-fashioned breakfast with real food and friendly service "Stayed at the hotel across the street and found this place. Wound up going twice. Good service  one of the other 3 tables in the restaurant had to interrupt them to ask for more coffee. We sat waiting for a few more minutes for someone to take our order but finally got up and walked out. No one said a word. I'm not even sure they noticed. Skip this dive and go to Sir Hobos. The service at Sir Hobos is always prompt and friendly; their food and menu options are great!"   booths were filthy (could you vacuum the crevice of the sears??)  Prices were up "Solid little country diner in my opinion. Don't go in expecting glitzy decor or anything fancy. The food was good enough to take me back to high school when we ""ruffians"" would hang out at places like these. The service was good too. Fast and friendly "I used to go to this place with my mom when I was younger. Recently started going again and literally nothing has changed. Food comes in generous portions for a low price. It's always the same fast  was able to get a seat and asked what I'd like to drink and served very quickly. Service was on point and spectacular My family and I have been coming here for years!!! The staff is soooo friendly and the service is top notch. The food is very good and the portion sizes are fantastic for the price. The country fried steak and the ranch are my wife and I favorite meals. I love that it is family owned and they treat every guest like family. Such a great atmosphere and everyone is always helping or doing something. If you are looking for a great meal at a reasonable price and a good Family atmosphere this is definitely your place!  coffee was nasty. Could have been a bad day but will never come here again. Threw up in parking lot right after eating. If I could give zero stars I would...." This restaurant is good to average. Better than Pine Cone truck stops. AWESOME country fried steak but not many if at all gluten free choices.  it's not trendy but everyone is welcome and the owners Jo and Tom are there to make you feel at home and wish you a good day!" I wish this gentleman had shown the proper level of professionalism and taken my call more seriously from the outset.  (He assured me Really efficient denny's! Great in a pinch. It's Denny's.  What can I say.  Typical chain food.  Service is good.  Kids love it.  Comfortable atmosphere.  Prices are low.  fearing that the Kitchen (shielded from view) would be worse than what customers are able to see.  I would recommend someone inspect the air quality and cleaniness of this establishment."  literally.  This place is UNDERSTAFFED!  It took two hours to eat breakfast this morning for three adults and a child.  I have never had to a wait upon entering a restaurant not because there were no tables  shitty service.  I'd say I won't go back to this location but I think this is just a matter of Denny's in general.  In middle school I was at a Denny's in Philadelphia and this dude came in with a bloody rag over his hand asking my sister to help find his girlfriend.  Actually I should review that Denny's.  Why do I like this place?" "Horrible service. We waited 35 minutes to get waited on and waited 35 more minutes before we asked to see a manager. He then was the one to bring out our food well after we'd been there over an hour. Other tables which had arrived after us in the neighboring ""section"" had already been served Went here on a very busy Sunday morning.  We did not have to wait long to be seated.  Our waitress was wonderful.  I had some kind of a skillet and it was very good.  I tried to eat it all bu failed. Can't really go wrong with grabbing a bite here "I've been realzing I tend to review mainly when I'm upset and working on it but I'm not even upset right now and need to give this a 2..solely based off my past FOUR experiences Can't really go wrong with grabbing a bite here  and it does this well.  You can also find some interesting items in their huge ""country store"" "It had been quite a while since we ate at a Cracker Barrel. We stopped there when shopping at East Towne Mall. I ordered the pot roast and my husband ordered chicken and dumplilngs. Yuck! It had more salt than you'd find in food at McDonalds. The meat in the pot roast tasted processed. The dumplings were slimy. The vegetables were so salty  she simply shrugged it off. When my friend also complained that his berry dessert was only half of what it should be (completely deflated and only half the bowl) The only thing that saved this place was the chocolate bar i purchased in the store area. That shit was good." I reserve 4 and 5 stars for upscale and gourmet restaurants but is give the CB a solid 3 stars." I am always happy with their bottomless coffee and affordable prices. Our waitress was friendly and efficient. When my husband found a hair in his food she promptly took it away Good food at a very reasonable price."   but it's never been good.  Last time I ordered french toast.  Got 4 slices of soggy french toast. The egg wasn't even cooked on it! Potatoes and grits were very bland. But I love the golf tee game!" I was bringing my family to Cracker Barrow today a group of 6 but after hearing they fired a 73 year old Vet for handing out a Corn muffin I changed my mind...... I hope others feel the same way...... I won't be going back. No matter how stranded and hungry we are." I paid $8 for four pieces of french toast with cinnamon apples QF14BFUVHRODxGNVflgm3A  usually later in the evenings. Service is usually slow and the wait staff seems to be inconvenienced when you show up during their closing hour and more concerned about leaving work than giving proper service. *News flash wait staff* better service=bigger tip. Keep coming for the consistent food. (Which is ok at best) better service in the mornings as long as you beat the rush "Had the Tuesday special of meatloaf and mashed potatoes. It was great! Super fast and kind service. Loved it Was totally embarrassed because we told our friends what a great place this was.  Not going back."  but it's comfort food in large portions at a very reasonable price. The service was great and everything ordered was correct . This location has always been consistent!" I don't know what others are complaining about I went down to Cracker Barrel for dinner over the weekend. The service out there was pretty good. Didnt have to wait for long. It is near the East Towne Mall. The food was decent too. There werent a lot of people so the place was generally quiet. For dessert I had the baked apple dumplin. I have to admit that is the very best I have ever eaten. If I do go back to a Cracker Barrel it will be for the dessert. "Ive been here a couple of times and ive never been disappointed. The service is always pretty quick  the restaurant wasn't packed yet we waited 25 minutes for a table. Another 20 before our orders were taken and drinks brought. The restaurant itself was truly filthy - stained Thanks International House of Poop!!!"  or freezer.  Parking is very limited.  Not a fan." It's old.  It's small.  The staff was attentive.  Food showed up quick and tasted like IHOP food.  but the staff all seem used to it and so it isn't the worst thing ever. I've never used the restroom so can't comment on that." The pancakes are so fluffy and good. The service is excellent and it is fun to put a huge amount of unnecessary syrup on the cakes  but that nothing was being done about the noise because the manager didn't hear anything.  So my complaint was without merit and the loud group shouldn't have been told that other customers were complaining about the noise they were making?!  What an incompetent manager!  The food was merely meh.  Other than the noise issue  telling us we had a wait time of 10 minutes! I had to raise my voice to let her know we had been there first and had been waiting several minutes. I went there again 2 days ago. My friend got her food about 10 minutes before I got mine & the waiter had just walked past setting the food on the table without even asking if she needed anything else right away. She had no silverware and our waiter then disappeared for 10 minutes until he brought my food Server was ok. Nothing special. Should have been a little more attentive as it was fairly dead in there. Today I ordered the bacon temptation omelette. I'm still not sure how I feel about the cold tomatoes on top and the cheese sauce. Overall it's ihop. Not bad prices. Kids eat free which is nice. We'll be back at some point but there are definitely better places out there to go.  that this iHop is still open. The location must be the key. Their third and final chance came and went without me getting so much as coffee. I was seated and given a menu "They seated me and then forgot about me. The waitress was inexperienced and ran around like a deer n a headlight. When she notice she had forgot about my table she asked the manager to serve us. Cause she saw the mean looks on our faces. PS I felt bad because the waitress appeared to be the only one there at about 7:30 am and there were about 8 - 10 tables full of customers. I would maybe recommend hat they have at least 2 people on Ok I've gone to IHOP for years all over the country but today changed all that for me not only was the service horrible the food was less than microwave quality I will never ever go to this IHOP again. The manager should be fired as well as the entire staff. I know these are strong statements but that's how bad it was my fiance tipped only out of obligation.  if the fam wants to do breakfast out  we had to wait for the only two waitresses to ring up one customer. I'm not sure why it takes two of them when there was no problem at all. We're eventually seated and I noticed the cushion on one of the booths had a huge rip all the way across the top. You can see the yellow stuffing coming out. The one we sat on was on its way to looking just like its neighbor. It's clear that whoever owns this place doesn't care about maintaining the looks. The service after we were seated was good  and disgusting. Food is poor quality. Service is terrible! Will never be back. Go anywhere else but here."  so are easy to ignore.  A packed place on weekends - so call ahead for seating or get there early!" It will be hard for me to pick something different from their menu when I go back  and not like the other wanna-bes."" Absolutely correct. And there's no need to do too much flare on the decor when they got the fantastic view of the private planes against the blue sky. I will be back for more for sure! Maybe a sunset dinner for the next time?" You'll also be interested in the proudly presented amateur photos of Air Force One from when President Obama visited Madison in Nov 2009 BUT: you can eat breakfast and watch planes take off!!1 so fun!!!! so that makes it pretty awesome."  it was quite crowded but Pat O'Malley was hard at work accommodating us as best he could. We sat at the bar and had a fantastic breakfast. Pat took the time to ask our names and he was always looking out for everyone on his staff. You should definitely place this restaurant on your list as a must do! Not to mention the ambiance/view is fabulous." Gets busy on Sunday mornings!" "Hard to find a good $100 burger (airport restaurant). Had an awesome BLT with great service and an ice tea for $10.90 plus tip. Place really hops at lunch time "Not as good overall as I had expected.Pretty average basic breakfast. OK service...Enjoyed ""aviation location""." I loved the view and would go back the next time I'm in Wisconsin." "Short review. One of the top five breakfast joints in Madison breakfast rocks here! do it!  it was close and this place did not disappoint. It is inside a flight services building but the place is really clean and a nice view of the runway.I had the BLTCE and my wife had the flying fish sandwich and both were really good. We will be back "Great morning breakfast spot. Take the kids  so call ahead or expect to spend some time looking around the building."   and the food as well.  There can be a wait so do not expect to get in an  out very fast.  I recommend trying the Jet Room." "very good food.  excellent service!  eggs benedict is the specialty here and it's excellent.  decent coffee and a great view of the tarmac Cool for watching planes especially with kids!  Solid breakfast and great atmosphere. GO TO THE JET ROOM! That is all." It's a busy place on the weekend but you'll be entertained while waiting for your table.   Plenty to look at."  excellent food! Very reasonable also. I would highly recommend to give this place a try. I had the veggie eggs Benedict on an English muffin. Fantastic! They offer dishes like salmon omlettes And there are planes!"  fun decor. Son absolutely loved watching the planes land & take off. Best moment was seeing plane land & pilot came into diner- was very cool for him. Had California Benedict which was good not great- not best Hollandaise but wasn't expecting gourmet granted. Liked fruit cup that was offered Highly suggest checking this place out if you haven't yet." all breakfast from omletes to skilets to eggs corned beef hash pancakes only had lunch here once very good burger and club sandwich kids love watching the planes come and go always have had excellent service excellent food at reasonable prices can't go wrong" "We were in Madison for a wedding and chose Pat O'Learys based off proximity and Yelp reviews. We were so glad we did! We liked it so much we came back the next morning. A unique dining experience being able to see all the small planes and hear the pilot talk among the patrons. And the first day we met both Pat and Pam as we were checking out Best part are the giant windows that let you see the private terminal tarmac of the Dane County Regional Airport. We saw three or four planes land Minus one star for no booze or high quality bloody (that I can recall)" Oh and Shannon gave us excellent service!"  that she would be back then as I have to go make salads.  Based on this experience I will never make another cross country flight to KMSN nor would I recommend anyone go out of their way to only to be treated so poorly."  the price was worth it. Our server was also great.  She brought out pancakes with a candle on top because we were celebrating a little one's birthday."  old farts up at the bar (full) and lots of older folks and families. Husband got the den and I the veggie Benedict (some reason I figured the spinach would be cooked but I still really in joyed it. Boys split 2X2X2 and loved the pancakes. Waitress checked on us couple times and our coffee was always full. The bill seemed right with what we got. This is not some cheep greasy spoon I love this place! It's so cute Inside and so fun to see all the planes while you eat! This place is always so busy so expect to wait but they have a comfy waiting area with free coffee and cookies and you can watch the planes while you wait. The menu is large and priced good. The food is amazing! The staff is so nice! -They take reservations-yessss  I ha"  but their lunch items all look really good. The crab cake benedict is really good. All their skillets are great too." "Wow! Such friendly service and that crab cake eggs Benedict is AMAZING! Once you try this place once I've been coming here since I was a kid with my grandparents. Even worked here for a little. The food is some of the best breakfast in madison and the quality of the product is top notch. The staff and ambiance is warm and inviting. Smiles everywhere. The owners are always hanging around to promote the team atmosphere and show they care. Hard find. If your ever looking for a great breakfast destination spot. It's here.  but knowing this little gem is out there  and wait staff are all awesome. Easily the best eggs Benedict I've ever had."  watching the planes go by (or the plows shovel the tarmac) is always fun!"  but seeing the planes taxiing in and out (plus cookies) made the time fly by.  Service was timely despite the full house.  Friendly staff.  We'll be back for sure." No wait this weekday morning. Amazing views. Salmon omelette was delicious. Reasonable prices. What a fun breakfast spot! Lovely view and solid food w generous portions. Pat and Pam are super friendly. Read about them in a Mary Bergin book and was delighted to finally go.  I do really like to eat here.  It has a great down to earth diner atmosphere.   And the food is well done (for what it is). I know we will be coming back here from time to time because it really is a lot of fun Great atmosphere!  At private plane side of Madison airport. Watch Air NG jets while you enjoy really good home cookin'!  Very friendly staff!  their breakfast food is the best and watching the small airport traffic and airplanes from their airstrip - side tables is a fun experience.  The prices are on part with the diner vibe and setup they have setup.  If you haven't traveled outside Madison for a visit  nothing.  We adore this place."   It is pretty classic diner.  The kitchen and waitstaff are both very efficient.  We sat at the counter and my wife said it was the best eggs benedict she'd ever had.  The wait for us was 30 minutes - apparently they take reservations too.  The scenery is general aviation.  Airplanes  but one of the really neat things about this place is the view as you wait and as you eat. Lots of small private planes  but the kiddos just love watching the airplanes go by in front of them while they eat. They each get a little cardboard toy airplane to take home with them. The servers have always been warm   but it's been hard to get the car to make that turn after a bad experience."  for a lunch spot when driving through Madison!  It is right ON the runway with a wall of windows so you can watch the planes come and go; my kids absolutely LOVED this!  We even got to see a group of Air-force jets take off from the runway right in front of us.  If that is not enough Pretty busy and the service was great. My pancake was okay but everything else was wonderful. Fun eating at a fbo Been here twice in the last month for a late breakfast early lunch.  Both the the food was really good and the service was excellent.  The kids really love to watch the planes come and go too. "Hands down one of my favorite places for breakfast. Try to go on a weekday or prepare to wait--but the wait is worth it. Good food and terrific Old school greasy spoon food and very nice service. It's a throwback to another time and a good one at that.  for breakfast and lunch."  good service. Simple little breakfast diner. Down to earth and delicious. If I lived here I would def b a regular!" 7w-xUbtFFCQeAyrKhCykcA  but well made and cheap. Really cheap. Nothing over $8 on the menu and most things in the $5-6 range for breakfast which is served all day. I recently went here on a weekday morning that I had off work and the place was mostly filled with older guys sitting around in groups drinking their coffee discussing the weekend football games. You can tell this is the type of place that people visit every day to chat with neighbors and have the community feeling. Service is prompt and efficient. On weekends there can be a short wait "what a great place...the owner is very friendly  go to The Original Pancake House in Monona." Came here a few times and always had really good food and friendly service! Thanks again!  parking is tough.  There is only one shared lot."  just great traditional breakfast food at great prices."  they really get it right.  The food is the biggest hit with lots of basic American breakfast fare options.  Expect to leave stuffed as the portion sizes are pretty big.  The coffee service is awesome and the whole staff is quite friendly and efficient.  You get all of this at a super reasonable price." "Incredible service and amazing food! Eggs Benedict meal was one of the best ones I have had in a long time! Prices are very I highly recommend Cottage Cafe for all greasy spoon restaurant lovers!" "You will never go away hungry...and your wallet will not be much lighter.  Good food I am very much looking forward to finding myself in Cottage Grove soon so I can have this dish again .  The service was great and my meal fantastic!"  I will be having breakfast here"  great service including the young man at the cash register!  Highly recommend :)" The staff are always friendly and speedy. The food has always been great and the prices are right." The biscuits and gravy were a hit - smooth and creamy. At one point I managed to get the over easy eggs and hash browns all mixed in with the biscuits and gravy and added several shakes of hot sauce... Delightful. I'd been hankering a big sloppy breakfast for a couple of weeks and the Cottage Cafe did not disappoint!"  cutting-edge fare? Not by a long shot. They do Come on - you know exactly what this place is all about before you even walk in.  A lot of these cheap diners make you feel like you're gonna get sick eating their food.  The Cottage Cafe is one of the good ones.  The food is decent The place is great for siting down meeting friends and enjoying great food." One star deduction because no calendars on the wall and giant potholes in the parking lot. Bo knows." Go to Cottage Cafe and get a meal that will fill you up for cheap without feeling awful afterwards." The place was full but the acoustics allowed us to chat away without a din in the background. So all in all it was just right!" "Nice neighborhood resturant. Good food at reasonable prices.  The regular pancakes are plate size Over all I'd come back when we are in town."  went.  Cottage Cafe is a throwback diner that serves up great breakfasts and lunches at a very reasonable price.  Do not let the outside of the building discourage you.  It looks a bit long on the tooth  like bold and rich flavors-so it could totally be me :)"  I definitely foresee myself returning here anytime I'm in the mood for a no-frills breakfast."  and the waitress never brought it to me. By the time I realized it  and wonderful service. Reminded me of a place my grandparents took me to regularly when I was a kid. Warm The food was very good! I created my own omelette. The staff is very friendly and you can tell they have good management by the vibe the staff has with one another. Skip the chain breakfast restaurant and head over to Cottage Cafe!  it's a nice place to unwind after a shift. A good place to frequent if you live close."  love the servers.  Kind of place everyone feels welcome. Breakfast go to spot when looking for the basics." I will be back.  I will venture into the menu a little more.  But remember where you are going and what to expect; good  the menu is pretty extensive and includes all the basics. The one thing I would highly recommend are the potato pancakes. Delicious crispy and cooked perfectly. We also tried the malt waffles and the quiche  and there's one of those ""use the claw to grab a stuffed animal"" machines in the back if you're interested." It's a rarity to find a place like Merry Ann's in Chambana nowadays - best to enjoy it while your stomach can handle it!" Open 24 hours a day with almost most things on the menu only around $5 "The stack after 1am is the only thing I ever really came here for.  But it sticks out in my memory.  Ah the goodness.  I also went to the other newer location in downtown Champaign.  But its almost too new and clean to enjoy properly.  This place is dingy and small  the diner stack? If you're looking for a fast track to a heart attack after a game at the Assembly Hall (Second note: Make sure you go to this location and not the one in downtown Champaign.  The downtown one is too brightly lit "I first went to Merry Ann's the night I craved The Home Stretch Haystack. Merry Ann's version paled in comparison. I gave them another shot a few weeks later  because it reminded me of a Waffle House.  I know Waffle House is generally pretty disgusting  a great cheap place to go."  though.  It's a diner.  Word of warning to you U of I students--there is a one-hour table maximum from 9-3 (that's a.m. AND p.m.)." The staff when I was there was older and not college-aged kids  and our food arrived promptly. It was delicious and didn't leave me with that greasy what did I just put in my stomach feeling that I was expecting (from past WH experiences). I will definitely come back. The only thing that could have made my experience better is a big bowl of cheese grits..."  and needed a late night place to haunt  and there is a good mix of locals and students.  My boyfriend and I used to always go here to study  smothered in artery-clogging country gravy heaven.  It's really the gravy that sets this breakfast delight apart from the rest.  Guaranteed to take the edge off that night of heavy drinking - as if one indulgence weren't enough."  man have my waitresses been bitches." Sigh. Oh well. Am still on the search for a great breakfast nook in Champaign. Any suggestions?"  but it moves pretty quick and it worth the wait IMO. Service is your typical diner service so not bad."  you're better off making it yourself or even going to Steak 'n Shake." Highly recommended.  An institution in Champaign."  it's just a diner.  not me.  yeah it was far.  yeah it was never really clean.  yeah it was just diner food.  but to me it was more than just that.  the time i spent at merry ann's was always...comforting."  I like to make at least one trip here.  Just take it for what it is; cheap  I suppose I owe them at least an extra star in asshole tax. An average diner with good service (by this I mean they dont kick people out who clearly need to be put to bed). I suggest the Diner Stack with Lipitor for dessert." Walked into Merry-Ann's for breakfast on Saturday.  There was no sign to indicate method of seating.  I stood there while several staff stood idly behind the counter.  They looked me in the eye but never acknowledged my presence.  I waited a bit and then left.  I will NOT return.  and being casual about it definitely doesn't appeal to some people. But being that it's 24 hours (and there are few of those places in Champaign) this will always be a favorite of mine."  OK stack.  I wish the hash browns were a bit more crispy Pros: Everything except the bacon and the awkward time when we had to stand around and wait for a table to open up. Oh  Champaign has a lack of diners and 24 hour restaurants.  I usually get the Diner Stack or the Hangover Stack if I go in past midnight. Both are pretty average with the sausage gravy masking the rubbery taste of the hamburger and the hashbrowns tending to be the best part of the meal. I don't necessarily think that Merry-Ann's is bad  attached to the property. The Hilton razed the restaurant as part of its renovation. Too bad. The Merry-Ann Diner is not suitable for breakfast at any time of day." Merry-Ann's Just doesn't do it for me.  I'd just assume walk to Subway or Peking Garden when I'm looking for a cheap lunch. 1st off I have not eaten here in over 10 years. I got the fish sandwich Which was 2 frozen fish pattys on a bun and plain fries. I could of ate cheaper at home with the same ingredients. My kids got the #2 breakfast and the grilled cheese sandwich which both of them loved. I give it 2 stars the kids give it 4 stars so we gave it a final score of 3 stars  atmosphere 2 stars. Overall 2.5 stars." Everything... besides the hotcakes."  it's a diner. I still go back for friendly people "Just a fantastic establishment with friendly people. I have literally never ordered anything outside of the breakfast menu Just okay food. I can make better food at home for cheaper. "Average small-town diner feel in all the good and bad ways. Food tastes pre-cooked or frozen Grilled ham and cheese 4.00" Best place for a hangover meal! The omelet are always on point amd you can't go wrong with the diner stack! the people are super friendly and the atmosphere is just a classic diner that you can walk in in last nights clothes with no shame. Love it.  it's a diner! It's suppose to be that way. The breakfast burrito is very good. It's huge so I got to take it home which is always nice for a college student. Cheap prices "We were looking for somewhere to eat after 9:30pm on a Sunday night Unless you're looking at somewhere like Le Peep to get brunch with your parents  but it's your stereotypical diner fare. I'd recommend the breakfast burrito. It was pretty sad seeing some worker sitting down on the floor behind the counter just texting on his phone the whole entire time."  it comes back with ham. Server was very nice about remaking it. It comes back-- ham again!!! Left hungry. Not coming back."  and are within walking distance of the local bar scene. That's about the best I can say for them." Food was ok. Service was slow but once we put the order in the food came quick. Better for the fact that it's open 24/7 than the quality of its food. Merry Ann's is definitely a place to recover from a rough night. I just love breakfast.  and cheap. What more can you ask for?" "Food is good for a classic sit down diner but the customer service was horrible. Waitress took our order after she had taken someone's that showed up 10 minutes after us and we didn't even have drinks until she put in their order and come to us. I watched her not pay attention to some of the other customers trying to get her attention as well. Even though the food was good  classic feel....tradition!   A lot of late night college crowd after 12m to 2am and mix of all ages on Sunday mornings.  Grab a Sunday Newspaper and a cup of coffee and order from the menu of ""breakfast classics"" - something for all ages "What more to expect for a diner--great food and a relaxed ambiance. I can sit there for two hours with my buddies and have some coffee after our bar hopping night This place was so good. Almost reminded me of the Waffle House back at home. It was clean and the service was so nice. Our waitress kept asking if we would like refills or if there was anything else she could get us. It's always pleasant to find a good greasy American breakfast joint! I'm thrilled that we found this place; it is a treasure!  My friends and I will now never have to argue about where to go out to eat Do not leave Sam's without trying the pancakes. Even if you don't care for pancakes The woman who started the menu recently emigrated to the US after the tragedy in Lebanon. Go support local business!" There are three Lebanese ladies who do the whole Lebanese dinner thing (Sam's cafe doesn't cater dinners on any other night other than the mentioned two). They were friendly and nice people."  and I don't doubt that the college kids roll in here starting mid-morning." They have a really good breakfast special. It is cheap and good. At the end of the meal we realized that we didn't have any cash and Sam's doesn't take cards.  Because my boyfriend was a regular in his college days  it epitomizes what I think of as a greasy spoon cafeteria but the food is great. You can't beat the $3.70 breakfast special (two eggs  and they don't take cards.  Bring cash.  It's not like you'll need a lot of it!" Now if it would only move toward Urbana..." What a cool place. Seriously. It's one of C-U's little gems."  is pretty poor. But when your meal is less than $5 (with a drink Bacon was fresh and the right balance of crispy without being overdone. Scrambled eggs were made of real eggs and the hashbrowns (American fries) had a buttery taste we loved. Unpretentious  is to die for. Also great to eat the ethnic food in the evening when available."  CLOSES AT 2 PM (I think - it's been a long time since I was there. It's either 2 or 1...)"  this is one of the best of breed for greasy delicious breakfast food at low low prices." I went here for breakfast and I was quite happy. I had a bacon and cheese omelette and hash browns. It was inexpensive and very tasty. It is a no frills greasy spoon type of place but I kind of like that. "This is my favorite place for breakfast in Champaign. It is a comfort-food-greasy-spoon restaurant. I recommend doing the breakfast before your shower in the morning and then go home for the shower afterward or you will smell like the restaurant all day! The food is very inexpensive and it has the best french toast in town. The seats are quite uncomfortable but fit in with the ambiance. For a while they served Lebonese food on some evenings but stopped doing that. I wish they would bring it back. It was excellent  breakfast special is $4 and it runs all day! Service was as quick as you can get and still have been freshly made! The decor is diveish but you aren't paying for a formal French you are paying for good cheap food fast! Also the french toast is dipped in pancake batter and is really delicious!!!! I know I will be going again!" My husband and I moved away from Champaign in 2007 but make a point of having breakfast at Sam's whenever we're back.  There are better-for-us breakfasts in Champaign.  There are fancier breakfasts in Champaign.  But there's only one Sam's  even.  I'll be back...for more decadent french toast...and scrumptious hash browns..." excellent service very honest waiter Wait staff is friendly and efficient.  This is a great place for friends to grab a some food before heading up to a tailgate or after a great night out in Champaign.  Sams is definitely a diamond in the rough." It is a small crowded place serving inexpensive and ok food. But I think it is over rated in yelp.  get some cash (you won't need more than $15 for two) and head over to Sam's cafe and order the french toast!"  not oily coagulated cheddar. And I swear these has browns are from scratch. Deeeeelicious!"  but nice.  Food was great for this greasy spoon.  We had t-bone steaks and french toast for breakfast.  Small place Best French toast in town!!  freshly cooked. The kids split an order of french toast and I had the breakfast special. I think next time I'll skip the pancakes with the special and eat the 1/2 piece of french toast that the littlest one left on her plate. It's not much to look at  the vegetables were soggy and the entire omelet lacked seasoning of any kind.  Totally bland.  The American Fries were a soggy mess and also without flavor.  Had to have at least a half order of their much ballyhooed French Toast after reading the rave reviews here.  Blah!!  Did these reviewers eat the same stuff as I did?  There was nothing remotely commendable about it.  It was soggy and relatively flavorless.  I tried it with and without syrup.  The syrup at least gave it flavor  and apparently I'm going to have to try that one day. But the thing I can't get over is the PANCAKES. They are absolutely delicious. I lived in Chicago for six years and found only one place that rivals Sam's pancakes in that huge city. As others have said You get what you pay for but the food is cheap quick and easy. There's an 80% chance that Sam could be serving you. Say hi."  you probably already know what you're going for. It's not for ambiance or subtle flavors or lunch... it's for delicious breakfast food. It's not exactly a new trend to sing the praises of small greasy-spoon style places  I heard them talking about being out of biscuits and gravy about 20 minutes before they actually told us they were. Granted French toast was hidden like a pancake."  you won't regret it. And if you do regret it Met Sam as he was busy at the grill.  Paul and I went in to order some burgers.  The staff was very attentive.  I borrowed a pen to start my food diary. I really would like to see some Lebanese cuisine on the menu although Sam doesn't think he has the right clientelle.  He is a very sweet man and his brother was just in from Lebanon.  I noticed a Saint perched above the grill. He offtered to share one with me for protection.  He said I should place it above a door way of my home.  How cool is this guy anyway..  everything done the way you would want it.  Don't even bother with Merry Anns just come straight to Sams.  So the food is greasy... if you're not into that you can order it light on the butter/grease.  They make everything to order (duh).  Sam and his family are some really hard working people and it shows.  I'm just so happy at Sams Sam's Cafe has great breakfast food and very friendly staff at a good price.  What more can you ask for?  I had the corned beef hash with two eggs and toast - just the right amount of food.  I've heard the French Toast and pancakes are also great. Any kind of breakfast to be had. Pancakes were my favorite!  and the food was brought out quickly.  I'd highly recommend this place for a low-key diner-style breakfast." Parking is kinda difficult sometimes and only takes cash."  so if you don't want to spend a lot on breakfast then I GUESS you should visit this place. By the way  and the staff was great and kept my coffee full!" I got Sam's French Toast with a side of eggs and the eggs were fine but the french toast mostly tasted of everything else that was on the grill. I think if there were separate grills for meat vs other items it would've been better. Friendly service though.  and two sausages or bacon. It costs $6 if you want to include the misnamed American fries and coffee. Their ""American"" fries is actually very soft hash browns." Service is ok at best but wth?"  but you could tell the guy at the grill had the experience of cooking many a breakfast like this over the years. Very inexpensive too. You find the bathrooms by going through back door to storage area and it's to your right. Simple food but simply good too." They have the  best French toast. My husband always ordered Denver omelette where we were here. The price is also very reasonable :) 1/2 star reserved for the inconvenience of not accepting credit/debit cards - that would make this place 5 stars! For now "I was skeptical the French toast could be the best in the world. Not anymore though. They were amazing The only downside is that the seating is very small. They have a good amount of tables but they are tiny."  and pancakes. And they use REAL butter. No other places that I've been to have quality food for a price like that. The place is pretty small so if you have more than 6 people Stopped through champaign on our way back to Iowa from Indiana.  Whole family had breakfast.  Every item ordered rocked!  French toast was unlike any I've eaten... Was simply amazing! "The service was excellent and the place seems to be busy every time I visit. Have always gotten breakfast "great little greasy spoon here in champaign. delicious and cheap pancakes.  only down side is they only take cash  not a take a # go get a coffee wait) and its cash only so be sure to stop at the ATM on your way." "Good food. Inexpensive. The breakfast special is worth the price as the portions are fairly large. The restaurant was crowded upon arrival Cheap and delicious. Try the french toast.  it is just a below average greasy spoon with a staff that is apathetic or bored or both." "This place gets so much hype on Yelp that my friends and I decided to try it. Sam's Cafe is super cute-looking from the outside. But that's where the good stops. Well  all covered with plates and trash. We were told it would be awhile because there were no tables. Incredibly rude Took my dad for breakfast and even he noticed it was dirty and that's saying something! The wait person was prompt and friendly. The food was just s bit too greasy and eggs were over cooked. I don't think we'll be back.  is they only take cash.. so remember to bring Cash with you." Absolutely love this place! All walks of life commingle here...I was kind of scared when I walked in how the food was going to be bc it doesn't look like anything has been updated since it opened in the 60's but was literally the best breakfast joint I have ate at in years! Coffee is always hot and fresh and the French toast is to die for! A must try  and sit there patiently watching Sam do his thing while listening to the soft hum of all the people around me. The food isn't anything you'd find at a Bacarro or a Radio Maria True diner with good food at a very reasonable price. Traditional breakfast options and it won't kill the wallet. Plus they know how to do grits right and that's not common when I travel north.  I'm back...$10 for the meal and the meal was just as good as if your granny cooked it. One less point for being cash only."  for $6 which is kind of pricey. Don't let the cozy ""mom-and-pop"" atmosphere fool you into thinking the pricing is generous. Toast itself isnt bad  but everything else tasted like crap.  You mileage may vary." KUpdnQi16DGP54FlDWOJ6g "This has to be the friendliest Bob Evans I've been to in a very long time. From the time I walked in the door we were greeted warmly  a good travel spot for decent food."  still delicious.  We had french toast and an omelet.  Both satisfied the breakfast craving.  Service was good and fast." "A solid breakfast choice if you are in the area. While I can't recall anything being particularly amazing  because it never sits well with me afterwards.  I once ate here for breakfast before meeting with a professor Cleanest kitchen I have ever seen!  so it did it's job.  But it was one of the greasiest things I've ever eaten in my life.  Took about 15-20 minutes to get a table  the green beans were stringy & the baked potato was cold.  I have had good breakfasts here on occassion but for the most part it's just so-so.  My daughter had the pancakes with link sausage. She said the pancakes weren't the best she has ever had (she is only 9) but the sausage was good." Love the fresh dinner rolls and the orange juice."  mashed potatoes and green beans.  This Bob Evans was like the others.  Average chain service.  Good when needing something familiar :-)" Decided to try lunch to go today.  I ordered the ham & swiss grilled on sourdough and vegetable soup.  It's just OK.  The ham is a fat piece of ham but the sandwich itself was not bad.  I liked the bread and the swiss cheese.  The vegetable soup was ok but it had a lot of corn in it.  The people working at the counter were very nice and the service was speedy.  I don't feel like I should change my rating because there is nothing stellar about today's visit and quite frankly I have experienced better.  the food is good the prices are good if not comparable to most places. If you don't want to wait in line this is the place. This place was empty @ 5:30 and  it was for breakfast. I had a waffle with sausage and added a side of hash browns for a few dollars extra. The food tasted really good Everything was a bit too oily for my taste I will still give them one more try for breakfast/brunch but may be not in Urbana area." Gravy was good & workers were nice."  unless you are interested in enjoying a full sized uncooked onion as a part of your omelette."  the meal satisfies.  I think they could let their hair down a little more by putting some riskier things on the menu.  Good selection of wines and beers Radio Maria has great and unique food! I went on a date here and absolutely loved it! Every dish is most likely something you would never think of creating but it will be soo good!  The selection of wines is excellent as well! "Nice restaurant in downtown Champaign.  Has a really nice atmosphere.  Good selection of wines.  I really wanted to like this place but in the end  I could never afford a real dinner experience here on my student budget.)"  walnuts=better than average.  then shared a few tapas with my friend.  we had the pita triangles with hummus and the tuna salad sandwich.  the portions were acurately small.  flavor was good but again AB5RgQ0ZnMThdqgFS3cPuw  but they are overpriced considering how little you get and that I could probably grill salmon and put it on a stick myself. The exception would have been if the little dishes displayed exceptional artistry UPDATE: Went to the tapas-bar portion of RM the other night and was really pleased with the dishes.  A few traditional tapas but mostly inventive twists using spanish ingredients  renovating a decrepit downtown location to expose the brick walls and original tin ceilings was a new idea. They kickstarted a great trend. Downtown Champaign wouldn't be what it is today without Radio Maria. I remember going to that space to pick out wallpaper with my mom and dad back in the 80's. Radio Maria is a vast improvement."  while the other is more casual and laid back. We sat across a huge purple bar. The menu was much different than I remembered.  Instead of entrees like half chickens with grilled plantains My bloody mary was top notch; I'll have to do some serious research to figure out whether it surpasses guido's for best bloody mary down town."  spend a few more dollars and get an exceptional meal   and some good servers.  Then things starting going south as more and more better-quality eating places opened downtown and elsewhere.  I feel they often try too hard with their entrees...too many conflicting influences and tastes.  I am all for fusion cuisine done well  which is a pretty good deal considering the quality of the food. The service has also always been good.  4-1/2 stars."  Radio Maria is not to be missed."  but it is an excellent addition to this fusion style restaurant. My favorites were the egg plant frittes and the seared scallops. Hopefully it won't be another 3 years until I am back!" Whether you're looking for a place to loosen your tie and grab a drink after work  but I AM willing to try their brunch and/or tapas  fashionable chefs always deliver. Expect to spend $60-$80 on food for 3 courses for 2 people in the restaurant  they have awesome sangria and great sunday brunch.  The fig appetizers on their dinner menu are fantastic The restaurant itself is still lovely. I just wish they'd shape up their staff so it wasn't so depressing to interact with them." Will prolly go back and hope that it's a little better. I really did like the atmosphere I would likely go back for the brunch  and lack character (a good example is the bar across from RM).  I make a point of going any time i pass through town and find myself craving Radio food when I'm away for too long."  but I wasn't in the mood for it.  I don't know if I would recommend this place.  Maybe once just to go...  but I think once is enough."  and it was delicious.  not very unique but good eats.  i came for dinner the same night and enjoyed the pan seared peppercorn crusted tuna which again was not a unique dish by any means but solidly executed.  i recently went back for the tapas - their piquillos rellenos were flavorful and the portobello entree was perfect.  what i admire about the food here is that they aren't scared of flavor  with their goat cheese boursin stuff in lots of things.  Another reason going there is their great bar that has a beer selection which will please anyone who is as geeky about american craft beer as I am :-)"  but their Valentine's Day Dinner left a very bad taste in my mouth and it wasn't the food.  Radio Maria is my favorite restaurant in Champaign.  The food is top-notch and the atmosphere is one of a kind.  But my wife and I had their Valentine's day menu this past weekend.  The food was great  not amazing but definitely among the better culinary experiences available in the Urbana-Champaign area.  One caveat is that the portions are rather small." if you want differential treatment AB5RgQ0ZnMThdqgFS3cPuw This could only be mistaken for sophistication by people who have never been anywhere sophisticated.  Stay away!"  we just don't have the variety (and therefore competition) to create a large foody restaurant culture. I also think they need to stop being so negative. I've had a lovely meal and experience every time I've been to RM; I believe you get out of a place what you put into it (as long as it's moderately good I will certainly try out lunch here at some point.  In the meantime My only complaint is that the service was painfully slow.  There seemed to be one server for the entire place.  We sat there forever just waiting to order our food.  Not the type of place to go to if you are in the rush Our lovely brunch was reasonably priced as well.  I treated my two friends (yeah The best part about Radio Maria is at night; not content with being just a cultured restaurant  but in hindsight it's the too cool for school attitude of the waitstaff that stands out in my mind  but my friends say they have one of the best-stocked bars in town and the weeknight bartender is excellent." Will we go back?  Well....no." The sangria here is awful. I think it was a tequila sunrise. The food is greasy and not in a good way. The only thing good was the goat cheese. But it is goat cheese. How can you mess that up?  this is one of the best ""date places"" in Champaign.  The food is amazing and priced very well.  The bar is a blast and the staff is very friendly."  but for now I'm giving 2 stars (4 for the restaurant + 1 for tapas)/2 = 2 when rounding down)." "I am straight up in LOVE with the fried goat cheese balls at radio maria. i was super excited to go and enjoy some of the deliciousness that is the food  so that may be why I can't give them a decent description. The cheesecake was delicious. I drank orange frescas Good atmosphere but the food is overpriced and midiocre.  I had a collection of appetizers at the bar that were not large enough portions.  We were ignored by the bartender for quite a long time as well; and the place was almost empty. Highly recommend the pita chips and hummus. The chips were thick I'm always pleased with the specials.  The service is attentive without being overbearing.  I would recommend RM for couples wanting a nice dinner out." We'll definitely be going back and try some other things.  Radio Maria's has a pretty extensive breakfast and lunch menu."  but it is not as consistent as it was a few years back."  beer and food without the snobby attitude usually associated with such quality." "My meal here was phenomenal. I got the Masa Boat Surprise. My wife got the fish tacos. The masa boat was nothing short of amazing. It looks beautiful before you start eating Quick tip to first-time diners: Free parking is kitty-corner to the restaurant in a third-party lot. Spaces numbered 1 through 30 are reserved for this restaurant's patrons."  I hoped the tonic wasn't as flat and flavorless as the last time. It was. I ordered a Bell's HopSlam the next moment I saw the waitress  don't loose heart - it is way better than some chain restaurant - it doesn't suck.  I can see that a lot of people are eating there  dcor-wise--it's the kind of place you walk into and expect to be treated with a bit of a condescending attitude by the staff. But thankfully this was not the case! We made our way to the bar where we were greeted by a friendly barman who presented us with a very nice cocktail list while we waited for a table. I chose the Dark and Stormy I didn't think Champaign had cool restaurants with awesome food...was I ever wrong!" The parking lot attendant was rude. Couldn't wait in my car to wait for my friend to arrive. Made me not want to go into the restaurant  it's a great spot to go on a date. Everything I've had there was suuuuper delicious. I also love their specials and they seem to have new ones all the time."  this is a great way to learn about beer and get drunked. 3) Their kitchen stays open all night. 'nuff said. 4) Radio is one of the very best places to sit outside on a nice summer night. Get a table at dusk "Nothing at this restaurant warrants the cost. The tapas servings are tiny (for tapas); brunch is inventive but disappoints. The staff always act like you're wasting their time. This place sells an image of Euro-trendiness  there was a good amount of duck on the pizza but the whole time I was craving more brie!!  They could have seriously doubled the amount of brie on the pizza and it still might not have been enough If you are trying to go there for good drinks this is an OK place to go to but the food was horrible. The tapas ceviche was $10 which came with 4 shrimp and was topped with popcorn (I have no idea why). If they were trying to go for fun and innovative food this place completely missed the mark. The potatoes and chorizo came in an extremely small portions and where bland. Not to mention the paella which was $25 and the rice was not well cooked. This place takes small portions to a new level. Overall I left that place with $80 less and still hungry. Not worth the money and the food was a complete disappointment. The only reason this place is getting two stars is because of their drinks." They clearly know a thing or two about food in the way they pair ingredients most of the time but sometimes it's a miss. To some degree  and the portions were small. I feel like that summarizes this restaurant adequately. Better places out there. ESPECIALLY for mexican food." Always a good place to go with friends/family from out of town for it's vegetarian friendly menu. Overall it was an amazing dinner. Go to Radio Maria and order their dinner specials. You will not be disappointed."  I don't see how they can continue this based on anything but location and alcohol.  Pity to see an old favorite fall this far."  and The Virginia theatre. VERY highly recommended!"  but the potatoes were AMAZING!  They were crispy and had a delicious flavor because they were hickory smoked.  They also came with a delicate drizzle of the most delicious sauce  4 stars. Take your date here. He/she will thank you."  it started out wrong.  The employee seating us went to get us a table and was sidetracked by another employee at the entrance to the dining room and let us wait for at least 7 min. while he carried on an obvious flirtation/personal conversation with the other employee.  He finally looked away and saw us standing at the front door and that reminded him that we were still waiting.  I'm a relatively patient person but I was considering walking out at eating next door at Bacaro at that point - not because the wait was so long  the entrees were good enough to warrant a return trip.  Hopefully on my next trip to Chambana the kitchen will be less burdened and I'll be able to enjoy my meal at a slightly less leisurely pace."  and the only poor experience I had there is when our server brought me a splash of Tempranillo to be passed off as the glass of wine I ordered.  This was a one time fluke Service was a little slow but great food and an interesting atmosphere.  but worth the money. I think that it is a great place to relax and spend some time with some great food."  and angels singing to you as wish that the chef could accompany you along the path of life." "A grad school fav... This place has stood the test of time  I was one of six sitting at the bar. Two bartenders and 1-2 servers were working and it still took them 20 minutes to take my order. With the downtown Champaign scene evolving  it was a Saturday night.  The server was personable and ready to provide recommendations though.  The place itself is beautiful and modern Huge wine list. Great service.  Brunch menu is fantastic.  Love the Masa boat and the Mexican Cofee! The service was good.  I would suggest going here for brunch.  Dinner is also good I had the brunch and enjoyed it thoroughly. My friend took his gf here and said he blew 30 bucks each on a small portioned steak dinner and sides. Moral of the story: Come here for Brunch and not dinner. I have tried Radio Maria on visits to CU. The kitchen is inconsistent to the point you flip a coin and gamble I guess. Lunch on one trip was nothing short of inedible. Dinner one night was nice but over priced.  but other than that I try to steer clear of RM and either go to Carmons for food or Quality to drink. The food seems uninspired and the quality of ingredients is average. I do like the decor of the bar. What happened to this place?"  especially because we saw these beakers mounted to the wall in the bar area Forgot to mention  the interior design of this place was very attractive and comfortable"  and fast. I had the Smoked Pork Torta and it was fantastic. The only minor complaint is that the mojito was too sweet and overpriced for the size. Would like to go back again." "Unique place.  You won't find anything like it.  Has a full resturant and a apas bar.  Great food  or myself believe the reason that this place gets any business is because their bar service on the patio after dark." Had brunch there on Sunday with 8 people.  1 vegetarian and 1 very picky eater.  We loved it.  Everything was spectacular.  Only downfall - not enough of the potatoes which were incredible!  Had the smoked trout omelette which was soooo good.  and not at all a traditional paella. Perhaps they were trying to be creative  this food is nowhere near ""normal bar food"".  The sea scallops and the seared tuna will make you crave more.  The bartender can accomodate any request  a good meal.  We have eaten here twice  we will be stopping back next time we are able to come through Champaign!"  just right for me. Their seafood is nice and fresh and the chocolate molten is a good finish for the meal.  I like the vibe in the restaurant and the outdoor seating is a plus to the the restaurant" Restaurant seems to run pretty smoothly...service was decent as well."  love the atmosphere.  Ate off the Tapas Menu....Food was the best!!! The Scallops melted in your mouth! Wine was great...service was great!  Can't wait to go back!" AB5RgQ0ZnMThdqgFS3cPuw I am having a hard time deciding between giving Radio Maria two and three stars.  Ultimately I decided on three stars because the service is decent.  The food is nothing to write home about.  We had a couple of appetizers that took a long time to bring to our table.  Our server was pleasant but seemed bored and/or distracted.  I don't plan on going back any time soon.  There are several other places downtown that are much better (i.e. Big Grove and Bacarro).  Not a bad place but not great either. "Great vegetarian options and large beer selection! Highly recommend! Heard there was salsa dancing in the evening on Saturdays as well The food was good but each dish was made for two people rather than four. As we were finishing our plates  as were the beignets. The tart was made of corn bread and I don't know that I've ever had a more dried out piece of corn bread in my life. It totally overshadowed the crab. The beignets were huge Our overall rating of the restaurant is 2-star."  my friend asked her about the gelatos of the day and she did not know what they were. My friend decided to order them anyway. The dessert took 20 minutes to come out and when the waitress brought it I feel like Radio can't decide what it is. A fancy drink bar? A tapas bar? A haute cuisine restaurant? It does all those things fairly well This is definitely a place to check out downtown.  An interesting mix of different bar and restaurant concepts.  Good beer So grab a group of friends and head over to Radio Maria soon; the availability of food at all hours makes it a great place to start or end a night downtown!"  it is unlikely I would go back to Radio Maria or even recommend it to other people.  I will be here for several more months while I study for the bar and even though I always thought of this place as one of the nicer restaurants in town  and efficient wait staff. The food is always amazing and the drinks are delicious. Brunch is especially delectable." Seems like the only Spanish restaurant in C-U area? Foods are good. But the price is a little bit high since it locates at downtown Champaign.  and my friend got the lobster omelet. The beer bread and potatoes that come with the omelet were so good! We also tried the mexican coffee. It doesn't taste that good with the food. It tastes better on its own. It's something you won't regret trying. It's sweet and has a strong cinnamon flavor. Service was pretty slow Definetely one of the best places downtown. Unlike that filthy cowboy monkey." Enjoy the brunch here on Sundays but that is usually the only time we eat here. The Lloyds omelet is great and you can sub grits or a biscuit for beer bread if you ask. Good draft beer selection.  50/50 good bad. This was my second visit and I definitely trust Radio Maria for a night out dining."  even for a vegetarian like myself. I can't get enough of this place. I will say that the service was nothing to rave about - but it wasn't horrible. It also can be difficult to get a reservation/table on many nights - but that's a testament to how great it is." I believe they got a new chef semi recently... Didn't think much of this place a few years ago but now think it's one of the best spots for a good dinner in c-u  can get really pricy for the portion sizes. This is what tapas is about I suppose The service was incredibly slow. It took at least an hour to get our food. Biggest complaint of the night  I felt others were very overpriced ($13 for basically four bites of salmon)." By far our favorite spot we've eaten at so far in Champaign. Our server was a little strange - definitely new to the job - but the food was excellent and the service was completely reasonable. Very large beer selection as well. Highly recommend - we'll be back!! -Would definitely return! Especially for date night  unique food. Awesome atmosphere. The hummus is fantastic 9wgA-ExyfuqA_r_pDrcONg  a little pricey but worth it for a nice dinner out"  not excellent. Prices seem high for the quantity and quality you get. The bar and wait staff could all really use a lesson on wine - I believe I overheard 4 staff persons who could not respond on their own to questions about wine. Fun atmosphere and decor."  as were the mango mimosas! Would absolutely go back" "One of the best restaurants in town. Eggplant Frites-yum! Great date spot. You can choose from the casual ""lounge"" area or they have a more formal dining room for seating! Service can be ""meh"" at times but the bartenders are always on point. They'll mix up anything for you I can't think of anything I didn't like at Radio Maria and would strongly recommend it!" "Brunch was delicious!  I enjoyed the scrambler - all components were cooked perfectly.  Loved the beer bread.  Others in the party recommended the omelets as well.  Generous portions Order the coffee rubbed filet - you will not be disappointed. I have had it 3 times in the past 5 years and it continues to be outstanding. 3 of our 4 diners ordered it - all had spotless plates.  and pork tacos. They also have charcuterie and cheese plate type tapas dishes that work very well as starters. The wine and beer selections are also substantially larger than the average restaurant. Anyone visiting Champaign or locals that have never been to Radio Maria should definitely give it a shot." We really enjoy this place.  Service is great.  The Sunday bartender makes the best bloody Mary's and the food is not bad as well.  We have tried several different things on the Sunday breakfast menu and have not been disappointed.  We usually sit at the bar so we see all the servers.  All are very nice and friendly.  Things appear to move quickly and efficiently from the kitchen  but the decor is great and service has generally been strong."  Radio Maria is definitely on my go-to list." Addicting Brunch. MANY veggie options "First time here...and I've heard great things about this place. First impressions were pretty good....the ambiance was good and the restaurant had a good amount of people. We started off ordering a tapas as our appetizer...the apple salad. It was very disappointing. The apples were not cut to order and were not crisp even though it was stored in a container of lemon juice. The bacon was not reheated...I mean who likes cold bacon? For pur entrees we ordered the scallops and duck meatloaf. The scallops were good however I personally didnt appreciate the jam that went with it...could have done with a spicy savory sauce. The duck was unknowingly served with the same exact jam. It was a tad too sweet for our tastes  the atmosphere was okay. The food was awful.  Everything contained way too much garlic. You could smell and taste the garlic in everything. I think it's an okay place to grab drinks and sit outside on a nice evening -My omelette was far too salty."  and was decorated with interesting Hispanic things that created an unique atmosphere that made it ideal for 1 on 1 dining. Definitely would return to this place next time I am in town." I ordered huevos rancheros with chorizo which is something I thought was hard to mess up. After the wait I was expecting greatness but this restaurant did not deliver. Eggs were over salted and the presentation was not appealing. Don't think I'll be back again." Overall... meh. I could overlook the service issues if the food were truly crave-worthy  I don't think you'll be disappointed here. Solid 4/5" We went there for dinner and heard that the tapas plates weren't worth the money so we went with full sized entrees. Every dish was delicious and the flavors are surprisingly good for being in a small town. They have an array of holiday drinks that weren't bad. Pricey for being on a college student budget but delicious nonetheless  the rice still comes back partially done. We ended up canceling the order. This is unbelievable. It seems that they cannot manage to get the rice cooked and the chef failed to solve the problem! We were very disappointed at the paella and will definitely not come back to the restaurant again!" "This place is pretty awesome in downtown Champaign.  I had the torta maria out of sheer curiosity for what sweet potatoes  but they were good. Brunch was awesome though. Small menu but so delicious. In summer you can sit outside and it is something I will definitely repeat." "Love their sides!!! Corn bread..cinnamon cake..fried banana...French toast!!! We almost ordered all the sides!!!! I love the cream cheese on the cinnamon cake!! God!!!it was fabulous!!!! And for the drinks..Turkish coffee tastes just like unmelted sugared Americano.....lol...My cousin and I shared salmon omelette  the adventurous one and biscuits and gravy for my boyfriend. The Flaming Frida is delicious. Don't waste your time on the bloody mary bar. They never have any garnishes that are worth the money - no meats and cheeses here. Thats my main complaint  but I enjoy their brunch. It is likely the best brunch in Champaign-Urbana. The french toast is a huge serving and delicious. The omelettes are nice as well. To avoid a long wait on the weekends  tapas and entrees represented...all were excellent.  Seems like this is a never miss option for a great time in a cool atmosphere with tasty food and drinks!"  goat cheese. This place was out of this world with the creativeness of the appetizers. I'd definitely go back there and continue to explore their menu. The drinks were very good and from what I can remember there's more I need to explore on that front also!"  one bizarre thing that I can't get past - their cheese plates. Who puts feta on a cheese plate? There are lots of good cheeses around this area  but they fixed them immediately & were very nice. Very pricey For dessert we got the bread pudding.  It was a solid if unexciting example of the form. The cherries were quite nice One complaint is that the menu is rarely updated. The last time we went they added an acorn squash risotto to the appetizer list and it was fabulous but new items are super rare." I had a great experience. The food and drinks were great. The ambience was great. The waitress was very attentive to the party. Very eclectic and interesting food and drink choices. Especially the Tapas. Tapas Bar! Sat at the bar with a friend and the bar tender was AWESOME! He was so nice and let us try a bunch of wines until we liked one. The ambiance was great because it was dark with cool lighting. It was open late which worked because it's a quiet town. Highly recommend this place! "" but your meal will be ten times as good. Getting there at 10:30 on a weekend morning and sitting outside off North Walnut Street is a pleasure unique to Champaign "Radio Maria is typically open at 4 on Sunday's. I made my graduation dinner for 4:00 A MONTH AGO and am just being told four days before my graduation that their kitchen won't even be opening until 5... Therefore leaving a bunch of reservations at a complete loss. For a restaurant they exhibit AWFUL hospitality given that they are typically open at a specific time each Sunday. When asked why they didn't call sooner they mentioned that they just ""didn't realize."" This is humorous given that they double booked reservations two years ago on graduation weekend and bumped probably even more people. They clearly need to get their management/ organization in check. They have completely put a hopeful customer at a loss  in a moderately busy bar for a whiskey soda (don't judge us for loving whiskey. It's always 5pm on Sunday Funday). No biggie though. My steak and poached eggs were not hot when delivered to my table. No biggie though. But when one of my girlfriends ordered a salad with slide of shrimp and was brought 2 shrimp ... like what?? (Look at the picture!) In what restaurant world is this ok? $3 for 2 shrimp? They should have brought her 3 oz of shrimp (an actual serving) for whatever the cost. But 2 shrimp? Don't be petty. That's so petty The food seems extremely simple for their prices. I have eaten brunch and dinner here and the food is really not that amazing.   The drinks are always good and I never go downtown without having a little white lie!  or stopped by at 1 am drunk as a night-cap.  It's a very versatile place that can appeal to a variety of tastes.  Definitely the most unique place in town  quick. We were in before dinner norm hours.  Small portion on garlic shrimp  "I had a boss who was obsessed with this place.  They have good hummus and I like the fried plantains.  Otherwise "Best unique and fancy restaurant I've been to in downtown champaign. Service was excellent. Interior decor was vintage/very dark (the more difficult it is to see your food  I would recommend the pesto omelette!! If you go there at night you've got to try a beer that you have never had. Love the selection and proves are reasonable." I really need to try their tapas and meats. I have a feeling I'm gonna bump this up to four stars when I do that!" "" but I was not quite as impressed. Got the vegetarian paella and fried chickpeas. Neither were as flavorful as I would have expected. The chickpeas were dry and bland and I normally love chickpeas! Would get the paella again  so I would make this the place to go when you want to treat yourself."  I'd say Radio Maria has a lovely atmosphere and great food. Even if it is crowded and the service is slow  I make it a point to swing by Radio Maria. Really great food and some great options if you're a vegetarian." "Food and atmosphere was excellent. Wife and I went with another couple and the food was great Not my first time here and not a best either." What a gem! This is our new fav spot when we come to town. Thanks to all for wonderful food and service! s2XtSlslD9c-e59_IVC0tA The food was good. The Migas were crispy because of the cooked in tortilla strips.  It was a good amount of food and very tasty.  I would definitely be willing to try Radio Maria again if I was in the area.  Hopefully the slow service was just a fluke (I got the feeling the waiter was new as he couldn't tell us anything about their waffles as he hadn't seen them yet...)."  a drink and a dessert. The check arrived and I felt disheartened by the total which was 70$+ for two still very hungry people with the worst part being that I rarely complain about the smallness of food portions P.S. I've heard from a number of sources that their weekend brunch is both delicious and slightly more affordable than their regular weekday selections. If/when I verify this I'll make sure to update my review."  was a little lacking.  The servers were not all that attentive to our needs and our drinks were never refilled through the meal.  This place is a local favorite and definitely somewhere to visit."  patient and polite. I had the lobster omelette and my daughter had the lobster eggs Benedict. I would only suggest that they increase the lobster to other meats ratio in their omelettes. The greatest discovery was their Mexican coffee which reminded me of a blend I drank before in my home country of Guatemala. Thanks Radio Maria Prices: Pretty expensive for the amount of food you're getting"  and the food is great. All of it. Brunch especially--I got the pulled pork sandwich with sauted kale "Had brunch here and was recommended lobster eggs benedict. Their Hollander sauce was pretty good but the dish wasn't anything exceptional and the portion was really small. For a $13 brunch dish "I came here for brunch on a Sunday morning. The wait wasn't too bad for two people close to noon. There are tons of delicious sounding options on their breakfast menu  but the food is delicious. Such a fun place to have tapas. The paella is a MUST."  always have always will speaking of Will really disappointed to know he no longer works there def a huge loss he was a great server. Glad to know Doug and Steph are still there. They make great drinks and are great for business. Food is good I like the changing menu. Can't go wrong with the fried goat cheese!"  though! They also have great wine specials and the tapas is worth the price. Radio is definitely one of my favorite regular places."  this is the closest thing to a Spanish or Latin American style tapas-and-wine experience. The tapas are great The tapas menu is really good... and the ambience is really good. Choose a different drink or a different place if you're in the market for Bloody Mary." Overall the service is alright and the ambience is really adaptable - I've come here for team dinners  decent service. Took us a while to get our food but when it came it was excellent. Portions are great and very filling. I had the breakfast burrito and it was massive; it was like a shoe horn for my intestines. I've been on the toilet since I got home and I feel great. Great atmosphere too! Would definitely recommend this place."   and especially this place.  I felt like I was back home in Chicago and not a college town.  This restaurant was just add good as the better places at home.  The dishes were original and delicious with fresh ingredients and flavor.  This will be a restaurant i will visit next time I'm here." I went for brunch and got the migas dish. It was very flavorful. I really liked the table and overall interior decorations- very old-timey and vintage. I would definitely come again! AB5RgQ0ZnMThdqgFS3cPuw A gem in Champaign! If you love Spanish cuisine then give this place a try! My favorite restaurant to date! Just got up and walked out on Mother's Day. Thanks Radio."  the hostess still hasn't seated us. Her attitude was despicable and she insisted that reservation only means that you get priority over walk-ins and NOT a seat of your reserved time. Does she not know what the word reservation mean??? The point of making a reservation is getting a table at the reserved time!" The food was amazing we had Pork Tacos !!  So delish!  I had the ""Sea Glass"" Pinot which is new for me but so smooth and pleasing.  There was a guy in the corner which started putting on some enticing music!  Our Bartender was on top of it!!  I just can't recommend this place more highly!!  Check it out!!"  but subject to inconsistent execution. Some of the menu dishes are downright bad by any standard. A vanilla cream sauce doesn't complement goat cheese Pretty solid experiences all around here. Go IHOP!"  covered and filled with some ooey gooey cheese sauce and it's like the size of a small cat.  It's huge and I can barely finish a third of it.  Their waffles are pretty good too  but the whole staff seemed to have smiles on their faces while we were there. We kept noticing and commenting to each other how odd it was to see happy restaurant staff (how sad is that?) I can't remember the last time my boyfriend and I went out for a meal and called the manager over to tell her that we were thrilled with the service. On a $22 check The food is pretty good. So kudos to the kitchen staff also. The place is always clean and neat no matter how busy. The location is prime Horrible experience @ this ihop. Server spilled soda all over the table and the food took over 45 minutes to get to us. Never going back P7wKlbSRsoRrfH3DFOY08A  plenty to choose from :)"   We both like to order the Chicken Fajita Omelette with the wheat-grain pancakes...Very good.  I sometimes order it with all egg whites.  The poortions are are a nice size. Always feel full when we leave there.  The Good Egg just up the street...the portions are always small and I would not feel full when leaving there - If your schedule is tight or you've got a half-hour lunch And it does beat that hideous BK up the block."  was amazing. I asked for water with lemon ( I love extra lemons) I didn't even have to ask and she put at least two in each glass that she promptly refilled just before I needed it. She didn't seem irritated one bit by the fact that we took a while to look over the menu. Candi was all around a great server.The greeter/host which I'm assuming was the manager by the way he was dressed was very friendly and welcoming as was the rest of the staff. GREAT service Holy bad service! Ran out silverware. Forgot order like 3 times. Food cold. Go elsewhere on a sunday morning.  not to shabby for a late Saturday night. Especially since all I wanted was pancakes. I was a tad bit colder in there than I would have liked  & food was cold. Plus he kept looking at me every time he passed by our table. Not checking me out or flirting but ugly looks. He's lucky I didn't have a little walk with him outside the ihop for disrespecting me. Lucky for him I was with my sister."  the beef tri-tips were a little under seasoned but a nice way to start the day. Pancakes excellent!!" "Working 3rd shift and this is the closest place that is open. Overnight staff is quick and nice. They don't mind that I order to go  put it on a plate and serve it to the people behind us. I'm not sure if my upset stomach is my mindset or bad food. We should've gone to TJ's. Won't make that mistake again."  he didn't leave a dime to the waiter ... What does that tell you??? Never going back if we come this way again!!!!" This place does not even deserve one star. The place was dirty and the service stunk.  however I made an exception for IHOP and I was pleasantly surprised. The server on St. Patrick's day was great. She let me order off the kids menu and I was very grateful. The food was normal quality chain food  I realize that our server was (by his admission) new. Doesn't excuse the fact that we didn't see him from the time we ordered to the time we got our check. Someone else brought our food. And the manager just blew off the mistakes. I wouldn't bother." Clean enough.  Decent prices." Go to Matt's Big Breakfast!!"  the waitress was 10 years past retirement and my breakfast was delish.  IHOP never disappoints." The hostess tatiana was extremely rude. She laughed at my coworkers name. Never had i seen or heard of such blatant disrespect from someone in the food industry. Obviously the managers need to be more careful if they want to start hiring residents of the nearby ghetto. I got sick afterwards but since my coworker didn't I won't blame ihop. One star for not getting me sick . Minus four stars for service.  and an improvement over last time I ate at this same location quite some years ago.  I'm fairly sure there are no hand-picked-by-the-chef truffles personally-massaged-with-organic-certified-prepubescent extremely virginal olive oil or the like on the premises  we inquired how long and it was like ""your waiting for a table?""the kept sitting people at the tables that only could accommodate large groups. How can you not remember a group when they take up the whole lobby? We called a near by breakfast place and they were thrilled to have our party Paul was an awesome waiter..  Very friendly professional and took pride in what he appears to love doing..  Food was fantastic too..  Thank you Paul  and plates cleared. Food was fresh and hot. Honesty best dining experience at an IHOP I have ever had. Keep up the great work! I would definitely go back again!"  the biscuits were undercooked as well as the hash browns being too soft for my taste. The benefit of coming here is that its open 24 hrs. Nothing else around the area was open at 5:30 am."  our food was OK but everything else was not pleasant to say the least."  we waited another 30 min for our food. Getting irritable and upset is really easy when its this early in the morning and all you want to do is eat... we decided that we couldnt wait any longer and rather get Jack in the Box for the convenience and quickness. I told the manager that we were leaving and she hurried our food out just as we were getting up so we decided to stay. But as soon as we wanted to dig in  you have to be a total loser to mess up breakfast lol. I got the raspberry peach pancakes and they were very good...I don't visit IHOP often so it was a nice experience especially being on vacation  the food is great and you definitely leave feeling full and satisfied." Never disappointed with IHOP. I always asked for extra strawberry sauce for my pancake. It was awful 35 mins for a drink  and the waitress was over welm the manager never came to apologize and when. I brought it up to his attention he seemed mad like it was my fault ! Never going there and telling my friend avoid this location !!!!  and we just began eating! I will never go there again! They were packed so I could understand a little delay  and it was pretty much the same service as this one.  It looks like they were a bit overwhelmed with the free specials they offer but at least "Stopped in today and had the Strawberry Crepes!OMG soooo good  she's been amazing. Every insane request of my friends has been answered and then some. Her service has been outstanding. Not only was she attentive but she had a good sense of humor. Her service far surpasses the establishment she is in. I can only hope she is compensated to the degree for which she works." IHOP used to be pretty decent. No more."  but usually very busy. I attend often." Best place in town. Friendly staff great service! Can't ask for more. We love this place we come here often and will continue to go. Hope to see you there! Poor service and dirty pretty much sums up this experience. Asked for a water with lemon. No lemon. Lots of staff working here just walking around attempting to avoid the 6 tables in front of them fill with garbage and unfinished plates. The service here needs a facelift. "My waiter was great and super attentive. I'm full and happy. I came in and right away I was greeted with a smile and I was seated promptly. I was able to order my drink right away  drive to another IHOP. It's worth the it to leave.  The managers and staff all need to be fired and start over with all new crew. The worst ever!!!"  there are about 10 tables of seated customers. At least 5 of them had no food and 4 of those didn't even have drinks yet. There is 1 couple waiting to be seated ahead of us. We wait about 20 minutes to be seated. The manager finally seats us at a dirt table for 6. There were only 2 of us and plenty of 2 person tables avail. We didn't complain. Another 15-20 minutes goes by. The manager comes back to us and see we haven't gotten drinks. He asks if we have even put in a drink order..nope. So he takes our drink order and send a waitress over with our drinks about 5 minutes later. Who bring us each our drink and a second drink each. (knowing she wouldn't be back in time to give us a refill) at this time we place our order. We wait and wait and wait for about 45 minutes. Many more people have arrived and been seated by this time but still there same 5 tables that didn't have food when we came in still had no food. So about an hour since we had been seated a waitress walked by and we asked her how much longer our food would be. She said it should be ready. We told her to just go ahead and box it up. By this point it was almost 4am and lots of obnoxious drunks being loud. She gladly said okay. About 10 minutes later she bring us our bags of food and says its on the house. We were so upset at the whole situation by this point but we nicely said thank you and left. Got back to our hotel to eat our cold food and none of it was even right. I don't know who's order we got but it wasn't ours. We attempted to eat some of it but it tasted horrible. No flavor just plain bland cold rubbery eggs and bacon. TERRIBLE. then only reason we stayed was because we were starving and it was all that we could find open. I don't know how this place is still in business or how the IHOP chain hasn't closed them down yet." Seems like every time we have been here they are out of aomething. So sadml." So I gues I will start out with what occupies by mind so with that being said ... on the yelp page for Ihop I noticed the red box which says Today is a national holiday.... wow I must not be in the know about this that and the other but I'm pretty sure Valentines Day is for sure not a national holiday but I could be wrong. Just had to mention this because its left me right and then left .... right and left... more left me thinking I need a serious update with the ever changing world we live in or have I been asleep at times when I really should have been awake.... hummmm so this location is centrally located in central Phoenix a lovely hotspot I call home... this particular location is conveintly located just north of Downtown Phoenix.... nice! Lots of parking and friendly staff always clean!! I may be back next year (and maybe even annually?).  See you there..." The food is awfully made. My French toast was poorly made and soggy. I feel like this is a disgrace to all breakfast restaurant. OH.. did I include the waiter was taking her time delivering our food. I do not recommend this place for you breakfast lovers. It did not reach my satisfaction. The chicken strips was very disappointing and especially cold because our waiter totally forgot about us. It wasn't busy and they still didn't have the audacity to apologize. She also did not give us the check so we were waiting for hours. I don't think I would come back here. P7wKlbSRsoRrfH3DFOY08A "I've been to this location several times and it seems to hit or miss here. I've showed up for a to-go order to find that my order was never placed. I've waited over 30 min for a single order. On this visit in particular Visitando Phoenix y Usa por primera vez.  Esto fue una horrible experiencia para mi y mis amigos. Mozarella sticks que saben a pescado frito. Ensalada con los vegetales totalmente viejos. Solo por mencionar algo. Informamos que bamos a fumar afuera y cuando regresamos nuestra mesa estaba ocupada. No sugiero que vengan ac Advice to management: replace your crew and yourselves."   everybody's order was messed up . Our waiter was serving the whole damn place ."  it's cold.  IHOP needs to visit this franchise and either give them an ultimatum to start operating by their corporate standards or shut them down.  Bathrooms are filthy  but today's visit was horrible!  The lady that's sits the patrons walked past us and ask the people that came after us if they needed to be seated....completely ignored us!  The other customers told her that we were here first.... She takes us to our table  11:30 still no food. Asked for manager and no manager ever came. Got up and walked out at 11:37. This place is ridiculous. Save your time go to Denny's." IHOP was a great place to eat and I showed up very late in the evening. The chicken fried steak was on point and made fresh. Gets the bump to four stars for having some cool photographs of Phoenix architecture through the centuries."  great atmosphere and great location if you work in the downtown area." Downtown Deli is in a good location situated downtown (how clever is that?!)  The staff is friendly and the place is bustling with business at the lunch hour.  They are quick Warning: This is not the place for people who are looking for a light meal or can't stomach a Motha of a sandwich. You will get dirty looks from waiting patrons and you'll throw the line cook off his game if you ask for a healthy alternative to the specialty sandwiches. Stick to the menu and you'll be just fine except for needing to take your belt out a notch; no harm in that." And the best part is that the service is so fast you can get in and out for lunch quickly." "I was walking by here today and some saw friends eating out front. They welcomed me over to share lunch with them. I'd been planning on another place but as soon as I saw the pastrami I was hooked. I got in a short line (although about 20 people got in line right after me) and checked the menu. The way they were throwing the sandwiches together reminded me of Primanti's in Pittsburgh. They had a no nonsense-we know what we're doing-kinda attitude. There was no frufru on the menu  I could afford to eat meals like this because without a car I walked an average of 3-5 miles per day.  There is simply no excuse for this type of excess in a driving city like Phoenix.  You'll spend 2 hours at the gym to burn off lunch here.  My prediction is that 50 years from now I just love The Downtown Deli. It makes be feel very metropolitan and sophisticated. Because Like a Deli straight out of New York. Make sure you go Hungry because the portions are very big!" This is definitely one of my favorite lunch time restaurants."  what a rip off!  The food wasnt even that good. Im not even excited to eat the leftovers when I get home.  this place isn't what I remember it to be  but I can't imagine anyone being unhappy with their meal here."  they aren't high quality ingredients so you can't expect too much.  Some of my classmates ordered some of their fresh sandwiches and those actually looked a lot tastier.  I did enjoy their fries  it's one of my favorite places to eat in Downtown Phoenix." Now I have ""half"" a sandwich (technically a whole) left for later...." One tip: You'll want to bank on taking an extended lunch because digesting a Downtown Deli sandwiches is a real chore. Of course I mean that in the very best way."  but I did not like it.  It seemed too salty and smokey.  I loved the pickle and french fries.  The pickle was nice and crisp and the fries were bad-for-you goodness.  I called ahead for my order so I did not waste my lunch hour in line.  Next time  but you don't ruin an omelette by nuking it after you cook it in the grill. That's just weird." Food was meh. Bread was cold and stale. Pastrami was nothing special. Don't bother."  local bite when you're in this area of Phoenix."  but highly recommended if you want a real deli style sandwich. This place has been around for a long time  we ate here a couple of times. I'm sorry Alex P. felt that he was getting attitude. One of my coworkers asked if he could have the daily special from the previous day because he had liked it so much. They told him it wouldn't be a problem and fixed it right up for him. The food was good and reasonably priced. I was there in April and enjoyed getting to sit outside on their patio and enjoy the awesome weather."  but they filled my cup with ice from ice maker in back and quickly filled machine with more ice."  as I couldn't fathom ordering a half pound of ham with my order (actual delicatessens are rare out here). They do make a good meal and pretty quickly as well!" I drive all the way from N Scottsdale to downtown Phoenix for their fresh deli sandwiches.  I always get the poor boy with everyhting...they always put the right amount of dressing and veggies and of course fresh meats - it's huge ! so come here with a big appetite - one of the truly REAL New York style subs...going to get one right now ;)"  only problem I had was deciding what yo eat.  You walk in and the smell of great food over comes you.  Staff was very helpful and the food was very good and lots to choose from The only positive thing I can say is that the place was very clean 9BH18avE46LlHMvJn67MaA  but the list of menu options works for a restaurant of this size. This makes for a good and convenient lunch destination if you work downtown and want something other than a burger or a sub "Quality was okay and food is kind of bland. You can see the sheriff come in here quite often during lunch time. Don't try to get breakfast menu items past 11 The food was decent but if I had another chance to grab lunch in downtown Phoenix "I visit this place here and there with co-workers and have never been disappointed. I am not very adventurous so I usually get a turkey sandwich on kaiser and fries This place is near work and decent as far as lunch and being able to find a place to sit.  They are average as far as cost but food consistently meets expectations with generous portions.  Nice to browse some of the old photos on the walls.  I liked that! I spoke to the gentleman behind the counter and asked him what the most popular item was and he said the Pastrami or the beef brisket. Since the boyfriend eats anything I got him the Brisket and he offered up some fries with that. I had a hard time understanding much of what he was saying like types of bread for the sandwich or whether I wanted a pickle with the meal but no big deal. Well to put it lightly the Brisket was friggen amazing. I am a very picky eater  pretty darn good and really filling especially with the fantastic fries. I try to bring lunch with me most days but once or twice a week I buy lunchs  but don't worry - they PILE on the good stuff. I tried their Chef Salad and it was pretty tasty but was a little disappointed they used mainly iceberg (I'm a spinach/Romaine girl)." Some drawbacks was the parking - there's no where close and it's all pay - and the tables were really sticky. I didn't see anyone wiping them down so who knows how dirty they were?" I also like all the historical photos of downtown Phoenix and the owners' story. Mix of all different business types  Glenn asked me how I heard of them and I raved over the ham sandwich! I was pleasantly surprised to see a box lunch right on top with my name and inside was a ham on Kaiser just for me! The oatmeal cookie was nice and soft and well appreciated for the mid-day snack crave! Thank you again for your thoughtfulness and on-time delivery!" "I was delighted to find this genuine deli serving delicious authentic food. It is an oasis in a land of franchises. Corned beef on rye and lox with cream cheese on bagel were soul satisfying. If I lived in Phoenix  but I was let down when I saw her scoop some meat off the counter that may of may have not been sitting there for a while. The next disappointment came when they started stacking the meat...since the sandwich was about $10 I expected it to be so big we could barely fit our mouths around it (which has been my past pastrami experiences) but it was pretty damn small. We ended up sharing it Overpriced and underwhelmed." I always enjoy seeing a thriving family owned business. We ate the New Yorker with fries and it was delicious. I enjoyed the coleslaw on top of pastrami. The French fries were crispy and appropriately warm. The staff was also very friendly.  it's just the man w/the moustache who is a bit prickly. He has a sour scowl on his face everytime I'm in there." Amazing pull pork on onion roll. I eat a lot of bbq and this has been by far the best and a very healthy portion. Such great service. I am new to downtown and didnt realize they were closing and they still made me lunch. On top of that the owner talked with me for a while about downtown and their food quality and process. It is great to hear from someone who loves their business that much. So I would say stay away if your on a budget or want more for your money." "I've eaten here a couple times. Breakfast ends at 10am(?) so no ham n eggs today. Got the panini special it was ok. Came with a dill pickle slice and some good French fries. This is old school NYC food here Fastest place to grab a bite during lunch hour food is good prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly.  so it wasn't crowded at lunch time. We got our food fast John was really nice about my off the menu request for just brisket and cheese - no bun!   great food and friendly people. I had the ultimate grilled cheese sandwich.  The price was great for the amount of food I got. Will recommended" I always get to talk to someone and place my oreder right away and they make sure to repeat everything and ask about dietary needs such as a veggie sandwich or extra tuna for dieters.  Very dependable and delicious." First time here for the final days.  Line is out the door but the food is worth the wait.  I will miss this place just like everyone else who is waiting 30 minutes to place an order!  Please reopen soon!!! Skip this one and go to Denny's at least the suckage won't surprise you there."  Matt's and 5th Avenue Cafe for my weekend breakfast."  and my friend's crepe-egg thing came with this amazing poppyseed dressing.  It's not exactly a ""cute place"" but the food is solid and prices are reasonable." Fuck this. I'm going to Denny's."  nasty substance they are passing off as country gravy. The only thing that is prepared close to well in my meal are the poached eggs. The turkey sausage is gross and the bacon is somehow not right- it's not crispy and the taste is off. The biscuits taste like they are from a mix. To top it off  although my business group meets there every week. Nico did point out that I have been here twice now and have yet to actually try any EGG dish. Maybe next time..." "Umm I'm unclear as to what all the hatery is about. (I know thats not a word) but I can say I enjoyed my meal here  both the traditional and the interestingly unique.  Good value; good service; and good food.  My preferred breakfast place in the Phoenix area."  we went to AJ's next door where they were cooking their weekend omelettes with Gourmet coffee. Next time we'll just go to AJ's instead and be happier.  But at least the company I had that day was awesome!"  but the waitress gave me awful regular with hazelnut creamers. I was not about to argue because I was tired and all that was on my mind was the antique shop across the way."  she must have seen the famished look on our faces and seen we were about ready to walk out.  She then took our order and we recieved it relatively quicky (within like 15 min of taking the order or less).  Thankfully we had no where to be in any specific time.  We left full  I won't be back. There's too many other amazing breakfast places in Phoenix and way too few precious available weekend mornings..." The service at this Eggery is always friendly and fast; the food is always great. All of the egg dishes are tasty as you'd expect from the name.  Their pancakes--both whole wheat and buttermilk--are terrific.  and hope that you do too!"  service and price.   I was extremely pleased." "I have been coming to this restaurant for years!                                                I have never been disappointed. The wait staff has been the same for quite some time and people usually stay working there for a long time. This is normally a good sign. Always busy another good sign. They give you full carafes of coffee and decaf.   Lots of safe parking in the lot.... The best part                      ( THE FOOD) if you can't find something that you like here SkNUbFJiJtbZjY-S_S0u7g I think people need to give this place another chance. It's no longer called the Eggery  all dishes become scary.  I have been here every week for more than 5 years and it doesnt change. this was not an isolated incident." The decor has got to go..or at the very least wipe down all the dust..  I have to say the food was good not great but good.. The staff all seems to be in some other world though. So depressing all of them like they hate their jobs.. What a way to start my morning.. MANAGER if you are reading this I would say a cleaning day is in order.and something to boost the moral of your employees..as I saw you yourself acting the same way just depressed. All that feeds of to your customers.. I well give this place another chance and hopefully the experience will be different.. Tip: Try and sit in the solarium area. It's only a view of the parking lot  and massive. I also got a side order of pancakes...my total was like $16 for that. Way too expensive for a basic breakfast diner. I have gone to gourmet breakfast places and paid less for much more impress food. The staff and service was great..but the cost just really bogs me down." We had a fun relaxing time my friend had the caesar salad it was fantastic my bf had  ham X it was good and I had the sweet n spice asian salad it was out of this world and our waitress was awesome "We used to go to the Good Egg on central but figured this was closer. We have been here quite a few times and had gotten consistently poor service except once. The food is as great as all other Good Eggs  and their Crunchy Apple Crepes the second.   Enjoyed both.   Wish we had someplace this good back in the Twin Cities." "Went to the good egg on camelback at 1:30 pm on a Friday which might have been a mistake as my waitress Lindsay was not pleasant in the least. It was like I was inconveniencing her "I'm sure that some of the patrons of this restaurant are not going to agree with me but I can not for the life of me see any difference in the Good Egg from any of the other chain breakfast joints Denny's  it looks like they just sprinkled the onions on top! The only reason I gave it two stars is because the apple juice and coffee were both good!!" Great service fair prices. This is the location that still has the old woodwork and marble top tables. I hear the rest of the good egg places have updated innards. I though am a fan of this old style. Plenty of parking as aj' fine foods grocery is here too. Just a block away from the light rail station at central/camelback.  unless I have a craving for 1970's school cafeteria food." This place has good accommodations to what you want to order!! They are great!!  waitress brought potatoes.  Coffee was lukewarm at best.  We had to ask for a pitcher of water.  My boyfriend asked for a to go cup for his soda but she brought him a to go box instead.  It seemed as if she was ready to leave as it was towards the end of their day.  I think we'll stay with our normal location as they seem to have the service down to a fine art." Breakfast at 2:30....  Holla!  and multiple servers/runners/bussers passing me by multiple times for 10 minutes without so much as a check in or glass of water "Good breakfast and lunch choices. I love the eggs benedict and they have many varieties of it.  Also if you order an ice tea or soda which was delicious. And of course we couldn't go wrong with a Santa Fe Straw!"  you know what that means people.... three strikes you're out! (oh and the water pitcher that half of which was spilled all over...the water was unfiltered grossness...boo :/ )" SkNUbFJiJtbZjY-S_S0u7g  what? I paid almost 30 bucks for this? The food was bland and not good at all. I couldn't even finish my meal it was that bad. I'll never go back. How disappointing. Maybe you should stop recruiting your employees/chefs from McDonalds. The good egg has really let itself go."  service & etc.. It is comparable to a Denny's  and would eat there again as its a convenient place to have breakfast downtown and not have a wait for seating." My friends and I go to this location all the time. Not just for the food but for the people that work there! It's always so clean and nice! Always friendly service. April always greets us with a smile and always checking up on us.. When it's busy the service never seems to fall short of anything! I recommend this place and location. Had breakfast with the boys for one of his birthdays! It was great! Service was always there when needed! April is always with a smile and making sure your well takin care of! This is the only good egg that I come too! You should stop on by just for the service alone! The food here is also great! It's fresh and yummy for your tummy! :) Luv this place the staff n food is so great espec. The manager she is very friendly n professional.this is my fav. Breakfast place I have started to come every weekend to thia location cuz the staff . Food is perfect. I recommend everyone to come out n have a good experience lole I have n will cont. To here. Just perfect! My associate had Eggs Benedict and also was impressed." Luv this place the manager April is great she has great customer service n manager skills she has a great staff n you can tell that they all luv the customers will continue to come here every weekend for my breakfast with my family n friends great atmosphere n great  staff n food xoxoxo With the addition to the hash browns to their menu has been one of the moves thus far! I've never been more happier than I feel right now!" Best food staff and place will continue to come here every weekend April the manager is sooo great  she makes you feel like family she has her staff we'll trained where you feel they been there forever since they know a everything on how  the food is n what's. All in it n how it's made. I know every server/waiter/waitress should know this but really I know personally I have gone to a lot of places where they don't know or do all thus but here at this location I have never had a problem with this also I stay on the other side of pix n pass up at least 2diff locations to get to this location n it's well worth it like u said they are the best! Will keep on coming back as long as they don't continue to do what they have always done" The service here is really good! The food here is also very good! Of all the other good eggs this one is the place to come too! They have so any different options to choose from.. Best food staff and place will continue to come here every weekend. The add in for only $1 for any type of pancakes n $2 for French toast is so great! I love this place. I come here every weekend! The service is great the food is fantastic! Come on down and give this place a try!!  they gave me a discount and a stamped card for a free meal. I went back after 6 months to give them a second chance and my biscuits and potatoes where cold upon being served. I noticed discoloration in my scrambled eggs and everyone elses eggs where bright yellow. .The food is over priced "We tried this place this morning and we had a great experience. Our server was great and recommended a few things to us. We tried the Sundevil omelette and the pesto eggs Benedict. Both were great and exactly what we wanted. We also got a side of bacon - thick  prices & atmosphere make this the best breakfast value downtown. If you're looking for good food at a reasonable price and no long wait this is where to go." So of you're in the mood for something different the southwest chicken Philly sandwich is fantastic!  and greeted by our server promptly.  We were even offered a free pancake for it being our first visit!  Definitely try the berry one.  Freakin fantastic. My new go to breakfast spot"  and music. Plan on going back there very often. It's a great place to have breakfast or brunch. They do close at 230  has also changed and is now called the Wild cat...what's that about? This is sun devil territory! The service was fantastic  the food is good and the service is great! I highly recommend the protein pancakes!" This isn't my first choice for brunch "Great food and great service. I will definitely be coming back here in the future. Although  I've always loved it and the menu has changed but they are great about making things they way you want them. However this past time i was there they had really gone downhill This is my go to place for breakfast while in scottsdale. The  banana and pecan pancakes are the best. Service is friendly and efficient.  You really can't go wrong here.  and a couple of obvious 5-star reviews coming from employees. Seems suspiciously like something a failing business would do to manipulate their Yelp rating upwards. Pathetic "I guess this is why I always go to the Good Egg on Central. It is always packed so I decided to try this one. It was quiet inside....no surprise. Food was decent. Service sucked. Took forever to be acknowledged for seating. Then the waitress just continued to disappear over and over again. If we needed anything...ketchup We will be going to other locations."  but it's pleasantly decorated. And the food quite tasty. This is my first visit to The Good Egg and I will have to keep it in mind for future breakfast visits." This location is closing. It has been my favorite place for breakfast . Staff is friendly and takes good care of us . I normally order egg whites and turkey with bacon bits and fresh avocado.  The have good  breakfast potatoes or fresh fruit. We will miss the restaurant Love the classic French and skillet of seasoned potatoes. Also try the hot sauce on the table.  but I'm sticking with them for my weekend breakfast and I recommend them to anyone in the Central Phoenix area looking for something better than your other choice.....IHOP." I want to try lunch here but never seem to make it." I miss the chicken on Central Ave.  :(" I still miss the chicken on the road waving at everyone from Le Peep on Central.  is a great place to go 24/7 when you and the guys are done going to Amsterdam or Charlie's. The food is nothing special (nor the inside) but the atmosphere and the employee's really make this a place to come and be seen."  scope out the MUCH smaller late night menu and have fun. :)" It's simple lady's and Mary's..... if you have been to this Jenny's (thx Brian) at 2am on a Sat night I do not even need to continue. If you haven't....I recommend that you do. Nuff said" [ ] Half-drunk valley girl frantically slapping her boyfriend in the face. Whether it's to get him out of his drunke"  but it just sucked.  There's no reason for crappy service with a place as empty as it was." So Jenny's has a place in our hearts. Not on Valentine's Day. Not on the books for New Year's Eve. But  the service is always atrocious. I'm sure staff is primarily prioritized by demographic  so we had a whiskey and coke at home and headed straight to gay denny's. Ahh... so much more entertaining then the lame-o stilletto wearin FKHv7FkblONv9qqBndJUrg The food is not ""world-class cuisine"" it does not need to be He offered us ONE comped meal.  Bill still came to $15 for one breakfast and drinks.  Yikes.  For this kind of money I will stand in line at Matt's and know that eventually I'll get food worth having!" Jenny's though has actually prepared me many a fine meal with fine service (or fine enough at least). Its a great place."  who was impressively a bilingual white chick! We will definitely be back!"  you know you're not going for the food in particular but for the crowd and maybe some people watching if you're into that sort of thing.  If you're looking for a great place to get some post clubbing eats Genny's is a hoot! I'm def Straight but NOT narrow.  and no one expects much from a Denny's so that's saying a lot. not only did our server jump in our faces to rush our drink order he didn't let us finish it before walking away and not getting what we requested. ignored us until our cold food showed up and it wasn't even what we ordered. he threw extra napkins from someone elses table on ours in a ""don't want to put these where they really go mannor"" and didn't show up again until he dropped our bill which charged me for the food I ordered bit didn't get. maybe he would've been a better server if the apparent drugs he was on weren't a factor They know how to cook eggs!  and always an interesting time on a late Saturday night."  etc. It usually takes well over an hour for all of this. Under normal circumstances I would walk out of a place like that. If the servers were all really friendly it might make up for it but some are nice and some look like they'd rather be anywhere but there. Which is understandable I guess but still. I do agree that it is fun to people watch here." Other reasons that I go? My friends are poor and Denny's open late. Otherwise  and I. I ordered the grits and some other sides. To make a long story short the waitress brought the grits out as i then salt n peppered it. I then took my fork out to fluff my grits over and a wire about 1/2 inch thick and 2 inches long came up from under. I flipped out Had some great breakfast service. Spacious. Good pricing. Clean.  same decent fries etc etc as every other Denny's. If you want a late night hangout this is awesome. If you want culinary uniqueness it's not happening."  as was the remainder of my sundae."  the service prompt and courteous.  The dining area was clean Great experience. We are not in this neighborhood very often but we will certainly come back next time we take our car for service : )"   i  think they  come out of  the bars.     and the  food is not good at all.    the service was  fine Denny's is always been a favorite places  easy cheep and  great service. "They've just finished a major refurbishment.  Looks pretty good.  The food is typical Denny's P.S. I love the new decor"  updated menu.  Enjoyed my tilapia & veggie meal." FKHv7FkblONv9qqBndJUrg I cant tell you how many times ive eaten at Jenny's late at night on various substances and completely enjoyed myself. The service at this particular dennys is exceptionally friendly and the food is way better than ihop  give this one a try.  You will be pleasantly surprised.   Remember I have eaten here many times the staff is great and friendly. The remodeling gives this place the old time at home dinner feeling. Love to meet here for business or just meeting friends. Wish the rest if them were like this one. Can't beat the speed of service any place in town. This location is one of the after bar stops and gets extremely busy after 1 am nightly. It is well worth th wait.  but the service can be dodgy. Tonight it was beyond good and Rachel rocks!!!" Jenny's/ gay dennys/ or just plain 7th st dennys. However you know this place "A centrally located store (a.k.a Jenny's / Gay Denny's). We've been eating here for decades. Nicely remodeled with Starbucks-style colors and treatments Taryn has to be the absolute best server in the history of servers. She always makes me feel like a best friend every time I come here to munch on some good eats. She is always so insightful on what would be best to order if you ever have questions.  It was nice. my Mom and I had great service with Crystal. Food was fresh and prompt."  she owned up to it.  Food was vreat.  Will continue to support this establishment even at 1 am." "I will NOT go back to this Denny's. Me and some friends walk in and get seated last Saturday night. We waited about 10min for a server to approach us. It was late so we wasn't rushing them or anything. It was probably 2:30 to 3:00am. The waiter finally comes over...doesn't say hello. Goes straight into our drink orders. We place our drink orders and once he's done I ask the other 3 in my party if they are ready to place their food orders as well...they said yes. So  and manager was very nice. One of the cleanest Denny's in the valley and I recommend this location." "I've passed by this Denny's about 1000 times.  Went in for breakfast with my wife and son and had a Great experience.  Service was excellent  was very knowledgeable and an excellent server. The GF girl got the fit breakfast with a gluten-free muffin much she enjoyed. I had the grand slam breakfast  so they must be doing well.  I also have had good experiences at the location for my past couple birthdays and therefore may eat there again for my future birthdays!" "Had brunch here ordered in and food was digusting this is my second time eating here last time my son got sick threw up at the restaurant that was a couple of years ago we were in the neighborhood and against all warning we still stopped I ordered the ultimate breakfast skillet which had ordered at my neighborhood dennys and always superb here was very disappointed skillet wasn't even sizzling  and pleasant and attentive.  She got all our orders correct and was fast and efficient.  The restaurant was clean "Not too happy with the service last night. Waitress was kind of mean to me when I asked about the wifi. I actually drove out of my way to go study there as well as have dinner and drink coffee. Once I found out the wifi was down and they weren't going to restart the wifi router or attempt to turn it on We walked in and the first thing we smelled was sewage. We had to get the host attention to be greeted and asked how many were eating me.  We asked to be seated away from the smell and they tried sitting next to the bathrooms after making it clear that we were displeased with it.  than this Denny's location. I haven't been there since moving to Phoenix from Pennsylvania in 1977. Friends had taken me to see ""The Rocky Horror Picture Show"" for the very first time. I expected to be frightened Happy eating ppl of the Yelp world!" -2 for the huge cockroach."  ad dessert  buffet.  The buffet was better than the entrees but everything was very fresh.  Drinks are very expensive but what the heck  along with a constantly revolving tasting menu. Wine list is terrific and the food is very fresh. I understand they buy from farmers directly  cuss strewn restaurant gang. And they put us in back. Didn't matter. The entire room was magnificent. Carved concrete block. Mission style furniture blended with contemporary. Three ambiguously sexual servers. Really. How can you tell now days? But the food. The art on a plate. Sublime. And I don't even know what sublime means. I heard it on TV once. Just sounds good. Like the food I fed my pie hole last night. Perfectly seared sea scallop with a corn succotash This is definitely the place to splurge on yourself.  All the suggestions from our server were on the money  silly good. The selection is perfect. The summer tasting menu was delicious and gave you a taste of the abilities of a staggeringly good chef and well executed kitchen. We had scallop appetizers which were so amazing in a lemon butter sauce that I questioned why I did not eat scallops in lemon butter sauce everyday. I had the tasting menu  but then it took 10 minutes before we got our waters and another 10 minutes for our server to come back to take our food order. On his recommendation  the service was amazing. When you eat at Wright's you get so much for your money. You will leave this place satisfied beyond belief. By far the BEST eggs benedict in all of phoenix/scottsdale. The breakfast buffet that is included with your meal was amazing. It is pricey but so worth it." It was a lovely treat for the holidays!" You'll have to save up for this one This is definitely a splurge place for me... and I can't wait for an occasion to return."  loads of F.L. Wright accolades for a man who only consulted on the building."  the manager comped our meal and bought us a glass of wine at the bar. His actions earned the second star."  and a salad of petite greens tossed in a tangelo vinaigrette.  This dish was amazing; beautifully presented and absolutely delicious.  My entree was a heaping bowl of lobster rigatoni with green onions and English peas. Everything in the dish worked; the pasta was al dente  to the presentation of each dish. Will never hesitate to go here the next time it is suggested. Unless you have a particular aversion to a specific dish  but they did box up their cotton candy for us to enjoy later as well as two boxes of their delicious fresh baked bread.  We had the garlic focaccia and the chocolate cherry."  but theirs were really good and cooked perfect. A bit disappointed that they put all the large shrimps on top but the bottom ones hidden under the large ones were the small ones. The smoked salmon and smoked duck were awesome. Desserts were very pretty and decent but mostly too sweet to my taste. Sushi rolls were pretty good. We tried all the 7 hot plates to be shared among the 3 of us  however the service and food were of bay area standards.  The atmosphere is modern yet in line with the architecture of the hotel.  We started with the cold seafood platter which was fresh and delicious.  The menu is set up so that you can either order in small plate or in a traditional appetizer/entree manner.  We decided to get a couple of items as small plates which we did the steak tartare with quail egg and the Caesar salad.  Both were great.  We then split the beef wellington which was a lot of food for one person Bottom Line: If you're staying at the Biltmore Hotel this place is your best bet for satisfaction."  despite that I was a bit gruff explaining that I am vegan. I would give more than 5 stars if I could." I might try this place again during another visit  I can't imagine we'll be back. At $110/person My favorite thing was that there was no waffle station or omelet bar or anything else like that. The buffet is for cold items and desserts. No hot stuff. In addition to that you can pick up ""hot plates"" which you order and are delivered directly to your table. I LOVE this! Also enjoy a few breakfast cocktails - you'll thank me!"  jumbo shrimp and other items from the buffet but what stood out were the small plates.  for an additional $10 you can sample any of the 7 small plates cooked to order. i tried 5 items from waffles to chicken and they were 5 star worthy as were the desserts.   i stayed at the hotel the last few days and it was a perfect way to end our stay.  i spent a little more the i normally would for a brunch but this was certainly a great choice and very happy i read the other recommedations."  but they are closed for remodeling right now. I guess everything happens for a reason. We were VERY happy with Wright's! The service "Birthday celebration for my 82 year old father who loved the seafood buffet!  My mother kept getting the pancakes with blackberry curd because they were so delicious! My 60 something hubby and 20 something ""kids"" "Stayed at the Biltmore and went here because of an American Express dining certificate.  The experience: a dirty soup spoon Excellent dinner for two here last night.   Delicious Beef Wellington.  Delicious chocolate something for dessert.  Great ambiance and location.   Attentive service.  Recommended.  fresh shrimp and other delicious cold seafood. Nice selection of cheese and deli meats along with a great spread of fresh bread such as buttery croissants. The freshly prepared hot items were fantastic! Our favorites were the grilled shrimp on polenta and the pancakes with warm maple syrup and a great blueberry compote. At $40/person  amazing service and good food.  We got to sit in on of the beautiful front booths and had a great waiter who was very attentive.  The menu is small but good.  We started off with the Lobster Bisque (amazing) and beet salad (pretty good).  Then had the veggie risotto (good  the hot pork tenderloin was perfect: crisp crust and tender inside. Our Wright's benedict kind of fell apart as it arrived to us but it was still tasty. The cold seafood bar was fantastic. The cold lamb bite with cous cous was alright only.  The desserts were all great Highly recommended!!!" Wow!  What an experience.  Started with some jumbo shrimp and crab claws. Then the real treat started. The scallop with parsnip pure cooked perfectly and presented with elegance. It was served with salty pork cubes. Moved on to the egg Benedict. Served on a crunchy tortilla with chicken. Great!  Deserts were unbelievable. The Carmel pana cotta was the best I have ever had. Service was fantastic. $39.99 felt like a bargain. Kids buffet was 1/2 that.  I am still disgusted.  I won't eat scallops.  Thank you Biltmore for ruining a crustacean species for me."  the wait staff was friendly and attentive. However for the price the food was just ok. It was our anniversary so we expected some little treat with a candle at the end but what they brought was a plate of pink cotton candy. Holly tooth decay Batman!" "We had a great meal. We got seated near a large loud table and were moved to a quieter table without a fuss. The menu offers a varied choice. All sounded delicious. We enjoyed our choices. We splurged and went from soup to nuts "Decent food and good service but way over priced fit what it was. Price fix was an ok deal; wine pairings were a steal based on normal prices and delivered via healthy tableside pour.  More of a nicer hotel restaurant than a special occasion place. Maybe this experience was bent because we went for dinner  service was amazing. Definitely an experience to eat here. The chefs are fantastic they change the menu weekly so you'll never have the same experience eating here. Prefect spot for special occasions." Lots of architectural features within plain sight.  Good flow to the whole place." Thanks Wright's at the Biltmore! You helped us make a memorable event for my Mom and our family and friends. If you grew up in the Phoenix Valley  very good food and a nice wine list. We'll be back." "Very nice Brunch service. We were treated very well and actually were given a private little table area as requested but was unexpected. Everything was fabulous and the food was very good. Tiny plates for the hot dishes but you can order more than one if you want more. Go hungry and ENJOY! This was a first time  superb Beef Wellington. The lobster Thermidor was good but not worth the $50 bucks as the portions were limited. Would I go again? Yes and I'd order the chocolate souffl a hundred times over!"  and breads/desserts on the buffet.  Five hot offerings are prepared on request.  I tried the rosemary waffles which were so good I immediately ordered another.  We also tried the blueberry pancakes which were fluffy and extremely tasty.  The highlight for me was the cold seafood--crab claws "This place was amazing!! From the beautiful grounds and surroundings to the attention of the staff right when we walked through the doors. My husband ordered the venison tomahawk A review based solely on the entree probably deserves 2.5 stars likely due to lapse in service but overall given price considerations and expectations for a restaurant of this caliber 3.99 stars."  the ""premier"" part was missing. The waiter was a bit too casual in his style in this type of venue and was never around when you needed a new drink or had a question. Their version of Onion Soup was a slice of cheese in the middle of a large shallow bowl containing a fairly bland broth. The lamb sirloin on black garlic risotto was tough and tasteless. The risotto was undercooked. The halibut Oscar did not have much flavor. We don't mind paying for a really nice meal. This was not a really nice meal and was therefore way overpriced."  huge shrimp and crab claws was great but it fell off from there - the cold meat selection was nice but limited and neither it nor the cheeses were labeled which would have been nice - some of the desserts were labeled but many were not. The five hot entrees were nice and size allowed to try them all. Today the selection allowed for an egg Benedict which was outstanding as was the boar. The waffles and pancakes are nice but I would try them last because they fill you up fast. I wish the coffee was hotter and they never offered us fresh orange juice."  shrimp and oysters. I was disappointed to see the accompanients for caviar but no caviar. Will not return for lack of value." Tasty but very formal. Classy ambience. Great for business meals or when you need a nice intimate setting. Also good for groups of 10-15 dinner parties as they have a nice outdoor area where you can have cocktails before dinner. Ate there for Birthday dinner Ate there for my birthday We also went for Sunday Brunch and it was unique in that they have a few things that are made fresh to order that are unlimited as well as a few stations including seafood and desserts. Although what they had to offer was good  crab... And thats just to start! Excellent Sunday brunch and fabulous dinners in a quiet relaxing atmosphere with top notch service. Definitely a five star!" Went for Sunday brunch. Bottomless mimosas and a great buffet and entree plate selection. Beautiful hotel and great atmosphere. Will be back  of course. I would still stay at the hotel. But I would not return for the brunch." This is great place to have a romantic dinner. On a Saturday night  wine and service. Highly recommend for special event dinners  we can just recommend it to everyone who appreciates high class cuisine and excellent service for a decent price. Make sure you make a reservation beforehand as the brunch seems to be very popular!" "I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday which happened to be on a Sunday so we came for brunch. We enjoyed it thoroughly. I made our reservation on open table through their website and mentioned that we were celebrating his birthday. We were greeted with lovely piano music just outside the dining area where we met the host. She sat us in a private dining area which had been reserved for our occasion. We felt like the queen and king of the establishment because of the furniture in the room  which helped soak up the broth do that none was left behind. Excelent. The chef brought a smoked salmon with kumquat vinaigrette which was very nice!  Then arrived green apple cotton candy courtesy of the chef as well. I'm glad I chose not to order dessert! This was the perfect treat to end a magical evening and transported me yet to another time and place. How can you forget the way cotton candy melts in your mouth?! Delightful. What an amazing meal for a relatively small bill for such a swanky restaurant. Would love the chance to dine here again and anticipate it would be another special evening."  this is the place .. There some amazing foods on the menu that are absolutely delish and you can't find them at every restaurant .. Presentation of food and quaintly outstanding !! Service from the staff impeccable   they gave us a private seating are which was pretty cool." The cotton candy at the end was a nice touch. Can't say I would go back here again Not an inexpensive dinner option but wonderful for a special occasion."  valet is the only way to go.  I can't imagine trying to even remember where I parked my car on this large estate!  I leave that to the experts!" Make sure you check out all of the decor if you make it up to the mansion.  The Wrigley's were definitely not minimalists!" If you want to blow someone away - take them here." The view at sunset is just breathtaking.    Great place for a really special date." Here I thought it would smell like Juicy Fruit."  for my first visit to the Mansion.  Had a few glasses of wine and then started to wander.  What a neat place to get away from it all and relax.  The bar menu is pretty limited so keep that in mind  easliy done! esp. since they have drink specials). Great for family When I live here I will throw crazy UYEs so you should all be prepared to dress the nines and party all night."  and I really wish they had a coat check.  Hauling around my coat at the Christmas party was a drag."  but asking customers to leave is not the right way to do it.  It's really a shame.  The food is decent and the atmosphere and views are incomparable  a surprisingly accessible yet highly unique place - offbeat.  Seems like it needs a look at the details - a fresh coat of paint  the way it hugs the hilltop and the views are killer! Briana was very friendly and it was nice to see the chef come up to say hello too. The Friday night live music was not my speed  which works for me because it means I don't have to fight with anyone for a seat to watch some of the country's best sunsets over a cocktail! I really need to come here more often! I will definitely be back!!" I'll be back but be ready to pay $10 unless you put down $5 or less for the actual meal." Really worth checking out and also a great location for large and small parties as they have multiple rooms that can accommodate groups! Can't wait to go back!"  breakfast breads a plenty and the two things that are MOST important to my husband: big cold shrimp and carved prime rib! Our service was impeccable and wonderfully friendly. For a lovely  if you are looking for a great brunch with killer views  ok this may not be that good... But just the opposite. The plates were huge and the food was very tasty. I had the beef dip with white truffle fries and it was so much I couldn't finish it. My dad had the penne pasta with shimp. And where you'd think you'd get these itty bitty shimps  the splendor. imagine a time when people lived here. and take a short moment to be thankful to have access to this gem." I would definitely return for a fancy brunch or special night out."  I would say that yes I will go back as soon as they lower prices and downgrade the ambiance to be more casual  and sat out on the deck of Geordie's sipping happy hour martinis and cosmos the likes of which only ""The Mansion"" can serve up. Our server was ultra-friendly and helpful as we soaked up one of the best views in the Valley. We had the pomme frites as a shared appetizer with some kind of bleu cheese topping - c'est magnifique! Cost was very doable. We also enjoyed wandering around the place learning the history of this beautifully and authentically preserved gem of Phoenix. Go as soon as you can "It's always a treat to go to Wrigley's for their Champagne Sunday Brunch! The views are amazing and the beautiful weather yesterday definitely topped it off. The food is always great (I never know where to start Great history on the house...I need to go back for their free tours.  I think they are at 10 and 3 everyday they are open.  (Check on that first)I heard they have a great Sunday Brunch Check out the band at: http://www.myspace.com/delcoa."  and it surpasses what you could describe it to be.  Seeing the city at night and being surrounded by cool peeps is what really made the place!"  the wait staff did do an excellent job of making sure we were well served. Our glasses were never empty and the food did arrive promptly. Unfortunately So my review.... I'll never go again.   Total waste of time and money."  it's one of the very few places like it in Phoenix with real history.  I just wish they would bring the kitchen and bar up to the same level as the location."  who recently sponsored a wonderful event at the Wrigley for local wedding and event professionals.  Food selection and entertainment were excellent.  I would highly recommend this facility for a romantic wedding I've been told that Wrigley has the ""pay what you will"" for lunch. If they applied this to the dinner they served I would left with a much heavier wallet. All in all the over hyped experience left me quite under whelmed. Sure it is a great place to impress your out of town guests with This is a great spot for an early Sunday date."  amazing views. Great secret date place." It was a very fun date and definitely worth the time and money!"  but it didn't really matter since it was a buffet and we had our wine and glasses.  We will be back!"  and here in Phoenix it is a little too hot to be sitting outside for long periods without some relief from the sun and during the summer months it does not get dark until around 8pm. I was really looking forward to seeing Delcoa play  take them here for dinner! If you want to have a fabulous lunch (and let me note  long time (maybe years) until the cheeries and syrup got kind of tacky and sticky and THEN you poured that shit on your brownie from the vending machine.  At Geordie's restaurant at The Wrigley Mansion Club they call that Cherry Jubilee." It's likely I won't be back." Have eaten here several times and have never been disappointed.      Great place to eat and after the meal enjoy the Manison and flora and fona." ** Pro Tip = get the $50 Local Dines gift cert for $25 ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).  Of course they will complain and try to tell you all the rules that somehow aren't listed anywhere.  They will even try to tell you what ""dinner"" food is and what is not.  Just tell them that if you want oysters and vodka for dinner then that is your choice.  If they want you to get a $65 steak in the main dining room they should clearly say that on the offer."  but I doubt we would return for the whole dinner thing. Should have sit on the patio instead of the stuffy dining area... Just not our cup of tea... the mansion is nice though." The quality and presentation of the food were excellent. The service was impeccable.  And as for ambiance  nice wine flight.  Great place for a romantic dinner or happy hour if the weather is warm.  Dress up and impress your date!"  you will impress everyone you bring with the amazing views of the city." yPfvOB63thP5t3pGZPJExA Be prepared for valet parking only." "went for sunday brunch.   very nice Beautiful view is all they got going for them. We took our family from New York here. The view was fabulous and the story ends pretty much there if you want to hear good reviews. The food was horrible!!! We all got something different so four people can't be wrong. The server was the worst I have ever seen. Ok so if you know you are busy why don't you update your guests instead of ignoring them knowing that you are busy and won't be able to get to them as much as you would like. Our food took two hours to get to us. I was told it was because of the huge party upstairs. Hmmm well what about the two tables that walked in 45 minutes after us. And got their food 30 mintues before us. Yes that's because their server didn't suck and forget to ring in the food. Then the manager came over and said we will comp you a bottle of wine perfect thank you. But when we tell you how long the food has taken. He argued and said it has been only a hour. And I said yes it has that's when your server remembered to type in the order so that is the time you have on the ticket that gets printed to the kitchen. The table next to us was also pissed and yelling at the server. Get it together!! Your food sucks and so does your service. Well our server any way. Go for bar and views nothing else.  you will regret it. Stay as far away as you can from Geordie's. Spend your money at innumerable restaurants with better value in other parts of Phoenix. (The night before we spent $50 at St. Francis and it was incredible)."  was delightful.  I took several picture of the staff and building.  And we felt comfortable asking to have dessert on the deck.  It was a completely relaxed  which it was.  Our dour waiter is the only reason I docked them one star and the only thing that might deter me from coming back."  the service was very sub-par on most accounts. Even the hostess was unfriendly and didn't smile or say more than two words. The manager was friendly and the person who delivered the food was very friendly." So I guess you see my point this place is good....not great....so if that is what your looking for then Eat Very fancy and somewhat spookey!  but absolutely worth it for the view.  The view from the restaurant and patio were incredible at night to nearly see 360 degrees.  Make sure you pay to valet and plan on staying a long while to take it all in.  Great way to see the metro."  service...it's a fancy brunch I didn't think service is lacking in any way. - Enjoy!" salad was great! view awesome PS - my friends bacon burger looked nothing like the one posted in their pictures." We will definitely be returning again!!"  and it was delicious. The service was everything you would expect from such a beautiful mansion. This place really does have the best views in town "My family and I experienced dinner at The Mansion last week and enjoyed it as much as we did their spectacular Sunday Brunch!  I started with the Rock Shrimp and Calamari Tempura. I was so fresh and yummy; had wonderful flavor! My main dish was the Filet -- what a great cut of beef! So tender This was a substantial amount of money to pay for a disappointing New Year's Eve experience.  Needless to say  laughing at the long anticipated special anniversary celebration dinner I planned for my husband who had never been to the Wrigley Mansion.  Sigh." We WON'T be back for the food. :(" it just did not fulfill are expect ions.The chicken piccata was deep fried with a heavy potato pure.It was was unedible.It just went on and on.the only good thing was the wine to numb the pain of the worst I can remember." it just did not fulfill are expect ions.The chicken piccata was deep fried with a heavy potato pure.It was was unedible.It just went on and on.the only good thing was the wine to numb the pain of the worst I can remember."  beautiful staff!  I HIGHLY recommend vising this place for ANY reason you may have.  DO NOT PASS UP!" The mansion sits on top of a hill with a 360 commanding view of the city and outskirts."  the food and service was impeccable at Sunday brunch!!!  The food selection is great for everyone...  I am a vegetarian and also gluten intolerant and there was such a variety for me to choose from!  My favorite is their omelet station!  It's outstanding!  And they even had a pancake station that my friend still can not stop talking about!  Everyone is super friendly and helpful!  I had such an amazing second experience and very much looking forward to going back again soon!  So worth it!!!"  valet is pretty much the only way to park if you don't want to walk up a long steep hill - $6.00 plus gratuity.  There are MANY much nicer places to eat in the Phoenix area - wouldn't recommend anyone wasting their time and money on this outdated restaurant."  but their menu is dated - makes me think they haven't revamped it in 15-30 years. Their oso bucco portion was tiny and slimy maybe only 3oz and the risotto was bland. Had some cold shrimp spring roll? appetizer that tasted like they scraped it off the bottom of an aquarium. We went on a Saturday night expecting it to be packed  it was cooked well done. It is very sad when a restaurant can't cook a steak. Then the service was disappointing as we hardly saw our waitress. I surely hope there is a new chef since I was there Also the food is way overpriced for what it is."  we ended up paying  $120 for a chicken dinner. We had the three courses plus one glass of expensive wine each and coffee. The food was passable nothing to get exited about. The service charge is based on the full price of the meal. We can go to Flemings have a great appetizer  or cater to a different clintele.  Although I can't think of anyone who would enjoy their food.  I would rather eat at TGI Fridays..." "Sure we only go with a DealChicken.com coupon but it's always great! Sit in the bar area as the dining room is very dated due to the mansions age. The bar area is much more There are a lot of other places in the Phoenix Metroplex to go where you are treated as a special guest and can easily have great views of the city!" "Location/venue is beautiful. It has great history and is fun to explore. The bar is ""eh"" and the food really didn't match the atmosphere. They let their atmosphere carry their so-so restaurant & bar." "Going in I was a little concerned about trying this place after reading some of the reviews here on Yelp but I received a voucher for dinner for two as a gift so since the major portion of the bill would be covered I figured what the heck. First off let me say that some signage would make it easier to find but after turning into The Biltmore Estates off of 24th just head towards the back to the white bridge and cross over it and you are there. Unless you like walking up steep driveways I suggest driving to the top and use the valet parking. Now the food. My wife and I ended up choosing the same items. The seafood cake which reminds you of a crab cake had lobster and crab yPfvOB63thP5t3pGZPJExA  that the Club card would be a good investment if we were to visit only twice.  We saved our money on the card since there will be no second visit." "I went to the wrigley mansion for my birthday.  I was so dissapointed.  I bought a travel zoo coupon so they gave a separate menu with not so appealing dishes.  I settled on the fish dish. It had very little taste.  It seemed like banquet food.  My husband and I each had a martini and the bill came to $60.00 after we paid for the $59.00 coupon.  They tack on the gratuity and the tax as if the meal was 120.00.   Food was fair  it is really dangerous." "High End ? What make this high end?  Thy serve mimosas....and that is why some people think this is high end. I am in the restaurant business...as i usually say before writing a review. So...once again what makes The Wrigley Mansion high end....anyone ? The food is sub par. The service is fine. They have taken away several of the better offerings. 2nd time there and both times i asked what am I missing? Sure the mansion is nice...but brunch lacks...ALOT. Food was really unappealing and just zero wow..or even  ""thats nice"". No real substance to anything food wise. Too bad it could be the place for brunch.......it is losing what it should be and worse it is showing the lack of true culinary innovation and in my opinion screams "" hey we are the Wrigley mansion .....oh and yeah we have some sysco mid quality food to prove it"". Real disappointment."  the best thing to do will be going to the tour and eat brunch of diner in one of their rooms. I would totally recommend going to this place if you feel like doing something relaxing"  not super flavorful.  Our waiter was nice and the service was good....maybe a tad too quick.  We were thinking it was like the food was prepared like it was for catering and plates were made it advance.  The atmosphere was nice but I'm pretty sure we are not going back." We will not be going back!"  and also retrieved the Sommelier to talk to us about wines.  If you buy a bottle of wine you become a ""Wine Member"" which gets you I/2 price on wines from now on.  We will be coming back to enjoy more wine and a beautiful view." I hope someone will take the time and money to invest in one of our rare glimpses into Phoenix's past. If it continues on this decline I don't think it will last." I read that they got a new chef since my review so hopefully they are better now."  the other is in the Smithsonian. The piano is valued at 28 million dollars and was willed to the Wrigley Mansion"  but only if you have the money as it is expensive but with the coupon I used to play music here regularly and the staff and service could not be friendlier. The food is outstanding and actually decently priced. The kicker-- the hilltop view of Phoenix. Breathtaking! There is also quite a bit of history involved here and the staff is pretty well versed on the lineage of the place.  The bar area is quaint and comfortable and attire seems to be anywhere from casual to semi-formal.  Wonderful place! yPfvOB63thP5t3pGZPJExA  tasteless food. The mansion is quite interesting to walk around on your own. Also the  Happy hour with the great view would be very romantic.   Unless you are really interested in a bit of history The service was excellent."  the romance..... WOW!!!!!!!!! Mere words cannot describe this magical wedding anniversary dinner we had....."  provided excellent care. The jazz group is top class yet the lounge was surprisingly empty! What a waste!! Will be back!!ashdbxgf" Note: Make sure to do the valet parking otherwise the trek up to the top and back down is quite the hike - we had to give some people in our party a ride back down to their car!" Wonderful food and service.  The tour is a fun exploration of a funky but luxurious home.  An American castle.  I can't wait to go back for one of the jazz evenings and a Sunday brunch. yPfvOB63thP5t3pGZPJExA  we sat at the bar early- and the staff were all so friendly. The mansion and views are beautiful. I'd give this place 5 stars if the entertainment wasn't so dated (sorry entertainers- you are talented. I just feel like I am being put to sleep for good.)"  and the servers were both polite and professional. I would say the food is about a 7 They offer a Sunday brunch that I will be trying soon as the sitting is a the ballroom where the views are the best."  however those items were nothing that elicited a wow. The wait staff was attentive  ""we've got fried chicken and collard green but where's the kool-aid?!""  That was horrifyingly rude and summed up our experience that the building is the only classy part of this establishment." Amazing place. I'm a native and am very pleased that they've kept the place high quality. You get what you pay for but in that regard it only gets 3 stars from me. My last time here was a few weeks ago for Sunday brunch celebrating a milestone birthday for my mom. All you can drink champagne and amazing food except for the weak cheese bar and weak dessert bar. For what you are paying I would expect every element to be amazing. Service was extraordinary. When the tip is included some places will skimp on service but not here. Glasses always full. Quick to replace a creaky chair. And great conversation with knowledge of the mansion's history. Plan to spend 1.5 to 2 hours so you have time to pace yourself and then explore the house and grounds. . Their appetizers are half price as are their wines until 6:00. The service is wonderful and the ambiance is absolutely beautiful. They also have entertainment around 7:00. I had their margarita pizza and it was good. it was $5.00 and almost too big for 2 people to share. The white wines are very good. $4-$5.00 a glass during HH."  and amazing waiter.  The waiter was very attentive but not annoying - he was extremely well trained and it showed.  Never felt rushed to get out and we spent a good deal time and enjoyed all the courses at our speed without someone sweeping in to take dishes constantly.  History and the house is very interesting end to the evening.  I can't recommend this enough.  It is fine food without the pretentious.  We had the filet mignon.  One thing we didn't know until we asked was you have to order side dishes with your meal so make  sure you ask.  I think we were so impressed we overlooked that on the menu.  It is very reasonable given the quality of the food.  Presentation  the restaurant was elegant and the food was tasty. I visited for dinner in January; the meal my date and I had was fantastic. The service was outstanding! Arrive at least 40 minutes before your dinner reservation so you can tour the mansion. Solid!" I have visited the Mansion Club the past two Saturday nights and find it to be as close to a private club atmosphere as you can attain in a public space. Drinks and apps in the bar followed by dinner. Great filet for me  lamb shank for my girlfriend. I will be a regular here! Visiting the Wrigley Mansion was definitely a highlight to our special day together!" "I took my whole family to the Sunday brunch. The meal cost $49 per person. I will start with the beautiful view and the historic magnificence of this mansion. My daughter is getting married there in the coming spring so we thought it would be great to have a meal there together before the big event. It is a great site for a wedding. I wish I could say the food was out if this world. The omelettes were made to order and so were the pancakes which were good. I loved all the fresh fruit. The salmon was also good. However  over the years. Still I would be willing to go back "My husband and I went on our date night to try Geordie's. I'm not sure if it's because of the timing The location is a 5 star.  So cool and full of history.  The appetizers were amazing but our main meal was just average.  I got the lamb shank and it was dry and disappointing.  They had a unique guitar player  for entertainment that played the guitar like the piano pretty cool to listen to and watch.  Overall it was pricey but unique enough to enjoy one time. I know we're just a school function but the organization spent a lot of money for this event and there was a lot of very important people there. The location was really nice and the space was great We were there for New Years with friends and the atmosphere is second to none with panoramic views of the city. The food was excellent as the Filet I ordered was cooked perfectly and the server was helpful with wine pairings. I would recommend a visit!  but man do they have a great basil/lemon gimlet. WOW. Come here if you want to go back in time to the 30's for a nice dinner and/or drink. I will be back!"  but a ""requirement"" of having the restaurant and bar in a residential neighborhood.  It must be a membership club in order to operate."  Wrigley Mansion caters in every way. I recently proposed to my fiance at The Wrigley Mansion and the staff from top to bottom were amazing in assisting throughout the setup/planning process. I'll be a member forever!" At $49/pp it's on the high end of the brunch budget but it is worth it to treat yo self or impress some out of town visitors.  If it's your first visit make sure to fill up your mimosa and stroll through the house after your meal.  It's a historic place and you might learn something other than ""how many visits to the prime rib station can I make before feeling bad about myself?"""  great entrees--we all left completely happy. (And that's hard with our crowd The brunch buffet has a great selection of seafood breakfast options. The ambience is fairly casual with lots of families. The view of Phoenix is unbeatable.  best feeling of class when you are there.  Kind of tough to get to from the road  but I rarely saw him. Absolutely beautiful here. Definitely would return!" "Visited for AZ restaurant week. It was evident that the service is highly diminished when you aren't there for their regular dinner service or perhaps when you're a good twenty years younger than their typical patronage. The table behind us received outstanding service. Our server was curt and mostly ignored us. This was after they switched our server with no notification. One minute we had a one server and the next a different one appeared (this was after we said we were there for restaurant week) No refills offered for water or second round of drinks. Waited far too long for the check. Servers Wonderful tour and a fabulous lunch with the ladies.  I can't wait to take my husband for dinner in the evening. The view was so great really look forward to seeing it at night  like going to church.  Others are quite casual.  Its all good.  Inside is air conditioned.  You can walk around sell paced after your lunch  I am glad to have been able to visit a Phoenix point of pride while I'm still living here in Arizona." This is one of Phoenix's best kept secret.  The cocktails are unique and when paired with the view of the city create a 5 star experience. We enjoyed the tour and the happy hour is second to none.  especially at sunset. The food is just ok. I had the salmon and it was a little soft and mushy. They also offer a wine club which can save you some money. After your meal  but at mansion prices the buffet is the only meal I would  consider returning for." If I had the chance to go back  but it ms sure with it.  One of those places where the steak is sooo tender it seems to kinda melt in your mouth.  And the views are hard to beat.  I've only had steak this good one other time in Vegas at a pace that cost significantly more.  Granted I'm no pro "Went to an event there last night. Beautiful space. Service was horrific. The female bartender in   the main bar was rude and never did serve us. The place was woefully understaffed with several big events along with the regular restaurant "Attended a private event here and was not impressed. Maintenance guys were going through fixing and replacing lights during the event because they weren't checked in advance. The room looked extremely low budget and the drinks were so over priced that Mill Ave looks cheap. The food was also very blah in flavor and not much for the cost of the place. I'd recommend several other venues over this place such as the The Monorchid (which I'd only rate slightly higher for location but the food was really good)  I entered inside one of the restaurants (Geordie's) and was guided through the mansion to a different area where the event was. The parts of the Mansion I saw were beautiful but dated. It was like being thrown back in time and it was a unique experience. The room the food event was in was large and spacious with plenty of seating and room to mingle. Overall  service and ambience. Even a great happy hour! Best salmon in Phoenix! Amazing bruschetta! A wine list (book) longer than War and Peace. Perfect for a special occasion or to show off the best of Phoenix to guests. Amazing historic building with beautiful views in all sides. Do the valet parking- it's a bit of a hike." "The Wrigley Mansion for brunch is exquisite!  The variety and elegance of food was spectacular. The panoramic views and wonderful service made you feel like you never wanted to leave. With the one of a kind piano playing in the background and the classy atmosphere "My wife and I had our wedding reception at the Wrigley Mansion in late 2013 and have dined there numerous times since. The setting is extraordinary. The reception (both the prep and the event) left nothing to be desired. And our subsequent dining experiences are consistent in good cuisine  you can wander the mansion and see how the other half lived. It's a great thing to do while in Phoenix."  so I do not know why they are like that.  Don't advertise for H.R. If you don't want to serve it.  The HR food was horrendous and all fried carbs.  We had mediocre steamed clams from the regular menu but HALF of them were closed.  Need a new chef." We will be back I loved every minute" "Wrigley Mansion has been an amazing partner for me! We work together for their special events! This is such a fabulous place to host a party! Working with Megan at the Mansion is incredibly simple  it was a pleasant experience."  it's a great place with old money charm. Once the mimosas start flowing Skip this place and spend your money elsewhere. It's class is just window-dressing. Start looking around and the service and food is quite unremarkable." Love this quote ;) ""Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar  the ""winter cottage"") is a marvel and just beautiful to behold and to discover all the hidden gems within. But the high points really were brought to our attention by the knowledgeable and personable tour guide "Came in with a large group of girls this last Sunday for a birthday lunch and the buffet was on point. the staff was really friendly and even got in on one of our photos. we had a few servers but ""Prince"" definitely stood out I didn't give this place 5 stars because the lady at the reservations desk was extremely rude when asked a question about the history of the mansion starting brunch off on that note we walked into the beautiful mansion and made reservations for a window seat of course really enjoying the view and mimosa! Brunch was delicious also with lots of options but they wee out of eggs Benedict I 5 out of 5 highly recommend Wrigley Mansion!"  the caesar salad romaine was not fresh and it had too much dressing. My salmon appeared to have been cooked long ago and was served with nothing except for a few pieces of lettuce. Hubby's Halibut was so-so and the brussels sprouts were almost raw with no flavor at all.  The chocolate oc0Wl6ktfMLb5VZ2Uz6M2A  I feel almost obliged to use the tip keep from feeling guilty. An absolute steal  fabulous service!  This could be my new favorite place for breafast/brunch. We both had the ham quiche and oh my was it ever yummy!  The mini-croissants and jam were just as good.  The complimentary chocoate cake with vanilla ice cream rounded out a perfect meal.  And the price can't be beat - $22 for two meals and drinks.  I'm heading back next weekend!!"  West of 40th St) is turned into something like a farmer's market with a lot of delicious food served up.  It's very comfortable with a European feel and usually well-attended.  It's a great way to taste some great food." This is one of those places I wish we could give 1/2 stars.  I would give this place 4 1/2 stars.  Really really good . . . but not out of this world fantastic.  The pizza is on par and may be better than pizzeria bianco - plus not the 4 hour wait.  We walked right in - it is very cute and charming.  It is a great place to go when you want high end food without the high end hassle. "Their prix fixe menu gives almost unbelievable value on truly fine eats. Truly fine. And some nice-priced tasty wines. Not for the real snobs Absolutely delicious! Best value for upscale restaurant in Phoenix. Coq au vin was great. Save room for the lemon souffl crepe. Waiter and service were terrific. Vincent's Market Bistro has definitely been added to the rotation of favorite places to dine with character. And when I walked outside and the heat hit my face "What a great way to get Vincent quality food for a nomial price. They have a wonderful patio you can sit at  food and ambiance and price for what you get ( price fix menu) were great. The only small issue was that it was really packed with people & some of the people in wheelchairs/walkers had a tough time getting through. They even have a cookbook!"  this would be the perfect place to take a first date-- classy and unique Be sure to check out their website for a list of what is on the menu because it does change from time to time." "Great spot for excellent food at excellent prices.  Portions are on the small but sufficient size Excellent restaurant." Unfortunately word is getting out and it is getting more and more crowded every time I go!! Great part is they will sometimes allow overflow to sit in one of the actual Vincent's dining rooms which instantly expands seating!" In 1982 Vincent Guerithault catapulted Arizona into the beginning phases of the culinary elite the other larger metropolis cities were already enjoying.  Now "This place is absolutely amazing!!! The food was outstanding Great place to take people who are in town visiting for a truly exceptional meal."  so plan on eating early. We arrived around 6pm on a Saturday night and by 7pm the place was completely filled. Be sure to check their website for times including breakfast "Breakfast at the Bistro is a relaxed culinary treat.  Mini-croissants led a tasty path to a finely crafted ""toads in the hole""; poached eggs nestled inside a slice of brioche I don't know if we would go back if this is a typical dinner experience. Maybe just get dessert to go." This review is for their croissants! I LOVE THE WAY THEY TASTE!!!  The food is just OK nothing special.  Another great thing about this place is their free desert that they give you at the end of your meal! oc0Wl6ktfMLb5VZ2Uz6M2A "You can't beat a $20 per fix menu in a bistro. BTW it was yummy ~ Free desert. Usually a small slice of fruit tart with a scoop of vanilla ice cream."  atmosphere and menu. I think it would be hard to find a better place for lunch. Yum!"  we will arrive around 5:30 instead of 6:30 to avoid the crowd.  The regulars park just to the west of the Bistro when the free parking spots are filled.  The wine can be a bit pricey so check the price before ordering.  Be prepared to be in rather tight quarters with a rather high noise level.  We will be back!" Visited Vincent's today with a local resident. Ate breakfast out on the patio. It was delightful. They were willing to make an omelet for me that wasn't on the menu. Very impressive and I would go back. Service was outstanding.  and the price is right!  Unique dishes and atmosphere.  Great specials and free desert.  I also can't say enough about the service.  Our server gave great recommendations and brought out 3 different deserts at the end of the meal.  To be honest The hot chocolate is magnificent. The spinach quiche is the best I have ever had. Coq Au van is my all time comfort food. It is so savory and tender. Allow yourself time to relax and enjoy your meal if you can. Other wise it is still worth it just to pop in for a bite."  not an overpriced menu. It really couldn't get any better. I had the BEST cheese platter that I ever had. Speechless. I can't wait to go to their other restaurant. One of the best experiences that I've had in awhile."  so I can come back. Food was a little hit or miss but mostly hits. The apps were def worth a repeat visit. I'm def torn between a 3 and a 4 but then food is really a 4." Great weekend brunch or lunch option."  as was everyone else who worked there....otherwise surely he would have been told to STOP. No we will not be returning.  So many great restaurants in the camelback corridor....why would we?" Wine is priced reasonable. Service has always been very good ."  and the food was very good. I will definitely be back for more. Look out for the coffee This is the place to be! They have great food and excellent service! It has a cozy ambience and their staff is very accommodating and friendly. Their food is very much affordable and it will surely delight your taste buds! I come here often with my boyfriend who loves the croissants and dessert too - but it's the perfect place for a lunch with your girlfriends."  the waiter followed me outside and confronted me about why I didn't tip again on the second bill as I was standing with my client. Tacky.  Also I will be coming back!!!"  although the portions can be small.  How amazing the food is really depends on the menu of the evening We will definitely be coming back!!"  say Bon Soir to Chef; he'll love ya." This gets 5 stars for filling a really awesome niche in Central Phoenix." The service was some of the best as well "What a great find!  Have been here 2x (for breakfast with parents) and 1x for dinner on Friday night.  The best part is unlimited croissants!  Yum!  Service is fast and quick.  Space is tight Lovely omelet with ham and Gruyere cheese." If I were to give one criticism of this place it would be the parking. There is just not enough of it sometimes because the other foodies will agree that this place is worth it." I wish we'd had time to come back for lunch or dinner but I was only here for 4 days working on assignment so it will have to wait for my next visit."  play hangman etc on the butcher paper table top.  Comp. rolls to start and dessert to finish with breakfast.  Nice touch." Service:              2.5"  but very satisfying.  Huge meatballs and a seriously tasty burger for a fair price will have my friends and I return."  and I liked that there were many specials as well. We got the cheese ravioli and the shrimp crepes. Both were good! Our favorite was the corn and avocado spread on top of the crepes. The prices were great!" The bread pudding was slightly better and the duck and pork tamales are actually quite good.  The overall ""Saturday Market"" is a nice place Great Sunday breakfast after church.  The staff is friendly and was great with my daughter.  Croissants are yummy and my daughter loved the cookies after the meal. we were going to give la grande orange a whirl on sunday for breakfast but the noise and confusion chased us away so we look at are yelp on the old smart phone and saw vincents was open for breakfast ....score a nice quaint charming spot free mini crosants moist with butter a good menu and delightful service we will return for dinner and breakfast again soon  food is ok. Nothing fancy or delectable." We came here for both lunch and dinner on a Saturday.  Both meals were excellent and the service was impeccable.  It was hard to decide what to order. Everything looked so good. Vincent's market on Saturdays is packed full of wonderful gifts to purchase & oh the food...my crepe I am told was made by Vincent's son ...perfect savory brunch!  Friends had two different fabulous souffls  wow..they nailed it!!  Tried the top of a pizza - beautiful thin crust yet very garlicky. Overall great job! Great French inspired dining at a reasonable price.  The croissant freebies are a great way to win loyal customers.  The Prix Fixe menu is the best way to sample the menu." This place is a Winner!" My boyfriend commented that this is the best brunch spot he's found since he left New York."  paintings and flowers on the plates made me feel like I was in Provence was more.  Stopped in for a late breakfast.  The mini croissants and preserves were wonderful.  Ordered a quiche that was absolutely perfect with such lovely flavors and served with a wonderfully light salad.  I can't wait for my next visit to the French countryside of the Vincent Market Bistro." We had such a great time there and the bill was very reasonable for the quality of the food and the friendly service we received. We will definitely be coming back again sooner than later. Fantastique!" Great little hideaway.  Been here for lunch and brunch and every time it's consistently good food and service.  A regular in the rotation... They gave us ALL free desserts at our table! really nice of them" I read about this place in food and wine or bon appetit so I made a point to try when I was in Phx. It did not dissappoint.  I came for brunch.  I had the nicoise salad and a glass of rose. perfecttly tasty "It's our favorite breakfast/brunch place. Delicious.............everything. A slice of France right here in Phoenix. Great I've been here a bunch of times. The food is ALWAYS VERY GOOD and the same can be said for the service." oc0Wl6ktfMLb5VZ2Uz6M2A  and great service. We had a lovely date night here. We ate off the prix fixe menu. The highlights were the sole/sea bass and the strawberry cobbler "By far one of the best restaurants/bistros in the US! Scrumptious dishes. Super friendly staff. Great value. I love having lunch at Vincent on Camelback. Coq au vin is divine  you also get a complimentary dessert.  Our dessert yesterday was a flourless chocolate brownie with a dollop of vanilla ice cream on top.  It was so good!  That definitely made me super full.  I would come back again for lunch.  The place is small and quaint and the price may seem pricey for lunch The food and wine were phenomenal and a good time was had by all!" Our server was delightful in responding to our 101 questions about the menu.  It was a lovely meal overall.  Note to self:  go back soon." "I went here on a whim when the husband and I's anniversary dinner plans fell through. It was a wonderful experience! They have the prix fixe menu (3 course for 25$)  after telling everyone that this was one of my favorite restaurants. We spent hundreds of dollars on dinner and wine. Our meal was very good  I'd rather just go to Snooze down the street. It's an hour wait there  mains and desserts! Scotty and the staff are the best. You know a place is good when there clientele have been going there for years and years."  (Vincent special) for lunch and hubby had lobster quiche. The Coq Au Vin was amazing chicken in red wine gravy on top of creamy mashed potatoes with snow peas. Half way through my delectable meal I realized I had been served HALF a chicken  all of the food was amazing. Light on the beer list but have an extensive wine selection (including recorked wine from the 1920's)! We will be back!"  and flavors that Vincent is known for.  I would still recommend Vincent's parent restaurant for the ultimate French cuisine experience as their dishes are even more imaginative.  But for those looking to just dip their toes into Vincent's menu or looking for a cheaper alternative  and our server never even let my glass get less than a quarter of the way full. Not pushy or anything. We even got a brownie dessert compliments the chef. Great dining experience overall!" "My favorite neighborhood restaurant in Arcadia! My husband and I went here once a week when we lived in Phoenix. The French cuisine is wonderful. I love the pull-apart croissants that they give you while you for your meal  and for being less amazing than they used to be. But it really is my favorite date place so maybe next year Our server was also great and he spoke like 3 different languages which was very helpful because not everybody in our families speak English."  veal sweetbread and the cream cartolla (creme brle). Everything was fabulous! The service was outstanding. The servers were showing us what other people were ordering to help us make a choice as we were looking over all the choices. They also gave us a little history lesson on the chef/owner and establishment. Junior was our waiter and we've never had better service. Very personable. Bottom line...we are making this a regular stop every time we are in town. This place is a quaint French style cuisine with a great ambiance. Great job Absolutely Amazing!!!  Perfect sized portion.  I had the sauted salmon. In a very light cream sauce.  This was a wonder find while on a trip from Vegas! As a slight update 6-1-15 the Prix 3 course is now $29.00 and is still terrific!"  staff friendly and ambiance is warm and charming!"   love how intimate it feels. Somepeople may be uncomfortable with how close you are to other tables but I love it! The croissants are super yummy  head over to Vincent's Market Bistro and you'll leave feeling like you've just spent a great evening in the South of France."  and even on a weekday the venue gets crowded.  My suggestion is to go early I've been here about half a dozen times now and would definitely repeat."  lobster quiche and beef bourguignon. They all have been really good. To accompany the meal they also offer free croissants that are served with a raspberry preserve before the meal and a small dessert at the end. Although the prices of the lunch special have steadily gone up from $10 since the first time I've been here  cozy and vintage. Wish we could came here for dinner too but we had to hit the road... We had two persons and they split the dishes for us in a very nice way without needing to ask for it. Both dishes were very good If you are brunch person 2015. When I went to get my car after dinner the attendant said that there was a $4.00 charge for parking my car. I have never seen this at any restaurant before. I paid the 4.00 charge and said that I will never come back and that I would tell my friends about this charge. I hope that Vincent's will take a close look at this because they will lose considerable business as a result. I have never been charged to park my car to eat at a restaurant." Contrary to what Dick G. mentioned about parking in his review  but I have been a server before. I know what running around like a mad person looks like and what flat out ignoring a table looks like. Our server was chatting up other tables Quality food well prepared and great price performance! $13 for rainbow trout over the best prepared mashed potatoes served with medley of veggies also well prepared.  accompagn d'une salade et c'tait divin. Bravo  you can have a decadent 3 or 4 course meal with a bottle of French wine and easily pay upwards of $50 a person. The food is all served on beautiful vintage Villeroy & Boch china with whimsical patterns of flowers or horses. The space of the Bistro is intimate: tightly packed tables Went there for Mother's Day brunch. The food was great and the service was even better. You can never go wrong with this place. Top notch and I can't wait to go back!" Excellent food and service with no wait time. The food was presented well and the taste was superb! The staff are very attentive and courteous. Ambiance reminds me of a French bistro ala Provenal. "I just tried mussels and french fries. It was perfect. The creamy sauce was perfect also. It's real part of France "I'm not sure what the fuss is about.....especially an overall rating of 4.5. The coffee's good (which is why they get 2 stars). Service is okay and the ambiance isn't quaint when cleanliness is questionable. I stopped by for a weekday breakfast and there were not any patrons in the bistro. I sat myself and ordered off a very limited weekday/breakfast menu. The mini croissants and jam were oily and not airy or light - obviously the result of a microwave. I ordered the ""build your own"" omelet. Looks good on paper but had to be sent back due to the absent Gruyere cheese. Should of just kept the original one since the added Gruyere did not change what would and did prove to be a very blah entree. The bacon was okay but definitely reheated. There is nothing French about this place - the French cook with fresh and tasteful ingredients.....maybe their dinner menu is better."  too.  We usually share either the creme brulee or peach tart at the end of our meals here." My favorite french food- it's so good! Service is excellent- best desserts in town - my favorite birthday treat I'm in love with this place. First time here. Ordered the Lamb Shank. Delicious. Words can't describe how great my experience was! "The service here was great! The lobster bisque and dessert were amazing. Other members of our group enjoyed the lamb shank  and come when the waiter arrives..yum all the way around! Try the raspberry scones too!" "quaint little place with wonderful coffee "This is an amazing brunch spot!!!!  Cute atmosphere with perfectly prepared quiche and to die for fresh croissants as a starter.  The complementary desserts were an unexpected treat and were amazing.  The service here is what sets this bistro apart.  Our waiter was one of the nicest people you'll ever meet and provided exemplary Ahh this is one of my husband and my most favorite Phoenix restaurants. If you are a fan of excellent French cuisine this is the place to go. Keep in mind this is not your typical trendy Scottsdale restaurant. This is a restaurant that has great character and charm. The croissants pre meal are to die for and their dishes are always on point! The salmon is my personal favorite and the service has always been great. Not to mention the complimentary desserts offered after dinner are divine. We are always the youngest couple there but we would like to keep it that way ;)  and of course we were pleasantly surprised by the sweet desserts that came after the meal. I don't know why we forgot about this place for a bit Our favorite restaurant in the United States.  We schedule our flights in and out of Phoenix to include meals at Vincent's Market Bistro.  We have gone to spring training to eat every evening at the bistro.  Never a disappointment. "Love it! Great ambiance! Superb Service! Love the food! The Wine! The People! The Music! All ingredients for an outstanding fun time! Been here for brunch as always the food was amazing the beef and the lamb braise to perfection super tender the gravy for the beef just the right about of wine  thus is a a grate lunch spot for the price you can't beat it TIP: Looks like parking is at a premium here  delicious food and very reasonably priced with caring servers that go out of their way to make your dining experience enjoyable!" Point and shoot. Top to bottom the best food in Phoenix. You can't go wrong with any dish.  it was a nice surprise that our sever brought small portion of desserts to out table. They were delicious. I am sure the fact that they were included/complimentary makes them taste a tad better : ) what a nice touch!" A fantastic evening dinner and dessert while in town for business. Thank you for great service!  Thank you Chef Vincent!!  I was able to taste other co-worker's entrees.  The crab cake salad was delicious.  The Halibut entree I ordered was perfect.  The decor on the plate (presentation) was great.  The servers were excellent!  I will return to this restaurant again to experience other items I was not able to taste."  which offers all a cornucopia of great eats (roasted Cornish hens and beef ribs - Very good but vegetables were a little greasy - there is such a thing as too much olive oil) "Excellent food but not a large menu. It is a very nicely decorated.  My problem: no bathroom.  I asked where it was and was given vague directions for a place ""next door "" which I never found. I had to find a gas station to use their facilities.  If you serve food you should have a bathroom or at least be able to direct customers properly"  I believe this setting is the closest you can get to being in France in AZ.  I was impressed with the variety of food options at the market including paella  but I don't care. That means they can squeeze in more customers!"  Coq au Vin was a bit dry for my taste. They gave us free dessert which was very generous." "I am a big fan of this boutique restaurant tucked away in the camelback corridor. The food is very good  this is where we come. So should you! If you come early and the place is packed (often the case on a Saturday evening) just meander over to the bar at Vincent's (the two restaurants are adjoined and share a kitchen) -- it's not so bad to enjoy a drink at Vincent's ""proper"" while you wait for a table at the Bistro. Best of both worlds! We have even seen Sandra Day O'Connor and the late Muhammed Ali dining at the Bistro... It's clearly enjoyed by the famous AND the ""regulars people"" - LOL. And this is NOT a pricey place. Vincent's is a big more high-brow  the service is wonderful and everyone is super friendly. They have the most delicious fresh croissants that they bring out with jam before you order and I swear that's half the reason I keep coming back here. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who lives in or visits Phoenix." "Took my 17 year old granddaughter for lunch- she went to France in the spring so we thought we would give this a try.  She had the special of mussels and frites-gigantic mussels in a beautiful wine sauce. I had the coq au vin- was delicious with deep flavors- good size portion - so good I got an order to go for my husbands dinner.  Service was great Cute environment which is right behind Vincent's on camelback. Great service and a prix fixed menu in the evening as well.  It should be much busier! Taylor's is good for groups but it works for solo diners as well... guys may think it is a little bit 'fru-fru' but they will not complain when their food arrives - indoor and outdoor seating available.  My next visit will be one night for dinner - i think they have live music from time-to-time." I have been here too many times to count.  But since I moved to central phoenix and I have not been here in a couple years I did not feel like I could review it.  I really do enjoy this place for breakfast.  They have great coffee and lattes and fresh squeezed juices and smoothies.  The service is always great and I think the owner works there every day.  Every time I am there he is there working along with his staff (sign of dedication:)).   This past Sunday my BF and I met fellow yelper Gabi K. and her BF Jared for breakfast and the service and food were excellent.  We were sat right away (which I love not waiting on a Sunday).  My boyfriend and I had the poached eggs with bacon or better known as Eggs Benedict which were great.  And I am pretty sure Gabi and Jared enjoyed there breakfast also.  The staff was very attentive always refilling our water and coffee.  I am definitely coming back here for breakfast again! "Taylor's is a consistently wonderful place for breakfast... probably my favorite. The mimosas are more champagny than juice-y  please.).  And the bread- oh the bread- grilled to be crispy on the edges but still soft inside.  How in the hell do they do it?  I don't know  healthy and generous portions. I will definitely dine there again." UxvOXcoCRFRAVhRB0D9imw 4 stars because it did not piss me off. More later..."  La Grande Orange and IHOP to try this place.  We probably will not be back... unless we decide to give it a second try on jazz night... I do love jazz."  if you're in the mood for some breakfast eats and the Good Egg sounds about as exciting as a Coldplay mixtape  bring it on one plate and I can cut it myself..it is not like we got double portions.. very annoying. So now the omelet is $15.95 ridiculous. Add an OJ.. $5 bucks! When most places have $3 mimosas on Sundays I found paying $5 for an OJ ridiculous. So in all Taylor's food is decent  but it's not enough to make up for the service (or lack thereof) and the overpriced food. Until I find a better place in my hood I'll stick to Acacia Cafe  they do use local / organic ingredients.  This costs more.  Good quality food is pricey.  That's just how it goes.  I'm happy to pay a little extra and not leave feeling like a porky porkster.  Porky McPorkersons with the top button undone.  Lil Rolly Sausage gal.  I don't like to feel like that after breakfast.  And Taylor's does me right.  If I can justify eating a lot  but not outstanding.  I'm giving my rating to the food and atmosphere."  tasty food and fabulous service! Even if they run out of sweet potato fries from time to time..." What can I say? The meal was still great. Taylor's has definitely earned a place in my brunch rotation." "We finally made it here for breakfast/lunch and I guess we will make there again some time in the future. The wait staff was quick to greet and get us our drinks and order. After that recommendation:  pesto chicken salad."  check out Taylor's--but don't go expecting friendly service." Try their flavored Iced Tea! It's really refreshing..." Our horrible breakfast experience lasted 1:40 minutes. Ridiculous. I will not be returning  no more strawberries.  I know this is a common thing (I was actually trained to do it when I worked at Chompies years ago) but for an $11 breakfast  cheese and spinach on a bialy (but they were out so it was on a english muffin)  not bad.  But for like $10 I and tons of good reviews Delicious breakfest - many healthy options.  Quick and attentive service. had breakfast there this morning w/wife after picking up sister/bro inlaw had the salmon breakfast pizza I asked if it was served on a pizza crust waitress said it was it is actually agrilled  pita bread it was good but they might want to tell the staff difference between pita and pizza wife had huveos rancheros ordered eggs soft poached got eggs medium plus poached bro/sis inlaw had joes special looked good and they said it was tasty service was decient ombience was comfortable I may have to return just to try it."  still visit this establishment as they have plenty standards to select (I usually go for their oatmeal with fruit and brown sugar) and their coffee Will definitely come back again and look forward to trying other items on their interesting menu."  especially those crispy sweet potato fries. Service: Perfect with not too long of a wait. Our server kept the coffee coming and checked back occasionally to see if we needed anything else. Overall dining breakfast dining comments: We are very lucky to have such a reasonably priced I don't live in Phoenix and was brought to this restaurant while my husband and I were in town for a couple of days.  I thought it was a great choice.  If I did live in Phoenix "Decent. Service is spotty. Ambiance is typical Arcadia who do you know. I do like the simple breakfast option and the bagels are usually good "Decided to try out taylors for breakfast today. I started with the fresh squeezed orange juice. This is the pulpiest fresh orange juice I've ever had. It was great. Then my dish came out I ordered the Asian crab omelet. It was very good it came with crabmeat  seeing it on the bill was a bit like being gobsmacked with an orange while handing over a fiver. Should've just waited in the huge line at Over Easy" This place is truly a joke  we all were. My guest ordered a build your own omelet with chorizo and another guest ordered the waffle with fresh fruit and both looked good and were highly complimented. The server was open to providing separate checks (however I am not sure that he would have been so willing if the place was packed which it wasn't). There was a random To-go iced tea delivered to our table and our check had originally not charged for our coffees but then after separation I'll keep going since it's near home but i hope service improved."  energies; polished and clean women's restroom; and nice furnishings complete my breakfast adventure this morning and make this cafe a winner!  Can't wait to come back "Taylor's is a great place for the neighborhood. Don't drive out of your way to get breakfast or lunch (its all pretty basic) but will do the trick and the vibe is friendly and easy going. You'll usually compete with the overachieving hikers and worker-outers on the weekend mornings which makes you feel guilty if you order anything but the yogurt Rounded down because my yolk  was hardish.  The best things about poached eggs are the oozy  but the location is kind of obnoxious and the dining area is a bit cramped.  Overall  before the ""brunch crowd"" and have had exceptional service and food."  but you come here to admire the Arcadia families/couples coming into have brunch.  There is sometimes a wait but it is worth it.  I have a hard time deciding between the lunch salads and breakfast.  I usually cave and get the french toast or ginormous belgian waffle.  Parking is plentiful but it is on a weird corner in the strip mall  I plan on coming back over and over again and trying everything on the menu...or maybe just sticking with the tuna. It was pretty darn good."  love JC for his attentiveness & always feeling he looks forward to seeing me.  Rest of staff and the food is always fab!" Service was slow..staff was inattentive and nothing was done when we complained.won't be back. "Great food!  My BFF and I have decided that we want to eat our way through the menu!  The Caramelized Onion and Blue Cheese Omelet was wonderful  The Pesto Chicken Salad caused my friend to still be rhapsodizing about it two days later...JC Disppointing and I don't think I'll return." We will not go back.  This was just one disappointment after another."  yum! The service is great because they'll cater to your satisfaction. There is a server that walked to AJ's and bought something they didn't have and made it! Portions are generous and tons of a great options if you want something healthy or not." This will be quick and simple. I just went to Taylor's Cafe to purchase a gift certificate and server informed me that only a manager could  complete the transaction. That's a huge big time FAIL! Thank you for that  waste of time. I have ordered multiple items and have ALWAYS enjoyed them!  So glad I found this little gem!" Been here twice. Had the chinese chicken salad once and the BLT on bread not the bagel. Food was fine. Nothing to write home about. Location a little tricky to find.  your food will be prepared much better and taste just as equal with probably better service. At you wont have toworry about your server reach over you and across the table to pick up your straw wrapper. I mean really! Ask me to hand it to you If you're in the Camelback Corridor and hungry for Breakfast or Lunch... Taylor's Cafe is a must try."  and it seems to be popular with the patrons of a local gym because there were tons of people coming in work out gear.  There is plenty of space (you don't feel like sardines in a can)  friends on ur own..... i know breakfast is breakfast .... but this place make it taste so much better with the combinations they make and they still afford to make it healthy... yummy .... now that the weather is getting so nice we sit out side and the view to camelback mountains while u have eat is so nice Decent food for the most part.  I went on a Saturday morning with an expectation of the place being overly crowded but surprisingly it wasn't. Great!! The downside is we sat for 15 mins without an acknowledgement...I was not pleased. Had we been served in a more courteous and timely manner my review may be higher because I did enjoy my food.  Great portions and very fresh. I would go again and possibly consider revising my review.  the freaking salsa looked so pale and gross that I just gave up on the meal entirely.  I was really disappointed with their obvious lack of care when it came to the quality of food they were sending out.  In no way would I have ever sent any of that food out had it been my restaurant.  The server was nice enough and the coffee mug was huge sandwiches and lox & bagels.  Something for everyone!  I would definitely head on back here for breakfast - it is a nice change of pace." After I complained they brought back a hot new order of hashbrown but it took a while (about 15 minutes) and they didn't seem too apologetic so I wasn't very pleased. I have no plans to go back!" I cannot tolerate such poor service and will not return.  Trust me The menu is ginormous and slightly overwhelming... even for a mushroom-phobic vegetarian. Everything I've had has been quite good - a solid 4/5. Servings are super sized (hence our sharing). Minus a wee part of a star because the coffee is very Starbucks-esque: dark I am so thankful for yelp or I never would have found this place :) We went on a Sunday Morning/afternoon and were seated fairly quickly the menu is huge and it all looked great I was very pleased I ordered the french toast yum! My honey got the omlette it was good the hash browns are a little more well done than would have liked but still tasty. The staff was friendly and attentive Iwill definaty be back for more :) Veggie Lavosh was good. A nice option for a neighborhood breakfast - I'll be back!" OUME1h-3AfZTxx2EpD_MZg They have great Bagels!!!  Breakfast & service was good but a real ny bagels was the highlight of the meal.  they had to remove some stuff off the table.  And the chairs are not comfy."  and have come with a huge carafe that 2 people can easily share.  I'd love to try their food here someday when I'm not there for a meeting!"  didn't really appreciate the extra charge of $2.50 for 2 slices of tomatoes.  The plate was cold and the eggs were luke warm.  The spinach was on the bottom of the plate and not layered on the muffin and looked like it was taken out of the frig and plopped onto the plate.  Not cooked at all!  Place was pretty busy throughout the morning W. T. F.!!! No bueno. We are sad."  with waits up to 15 minutes between 11:45 - 12:15 "So much for the Starbuck's coffee at Veranda. As of this week they've replaced it with some wimpy Folger's-syle stuff. Humpf. I guess everybody is trying to cut costs in this economy Veranda Bistro serves a valuable purpose and is blessed with a great location. It's the only restaurant within walking distance for a few thousand people. I only wish that they tried a little harder rather than delivering exactly what I expected. Curse my low expectations!" "It's convenient.  I've been working in the area for over two years and they still have the same menu.   The best is the crossaint delight and the turkey wrap with added sprouts.  What they have is good Only open til 3pm and only on weekdays."  it was a horrible experience. If your in the area and want breakfast just go get an egg mcmuffin at mcdonalds down the street I have been here a few times for lunch. The food is good and the prices are also. I was pleasantly surprised by a salad of all things. It was a soup and salad combo that i ordered. The ingredients were fresh and i was able to choose what i wanted on it and the broccoli cheese soup was also very good. It is a nice convenient and quick little lunch spot.  no bun - just a patty. When I brought it to the attention of the owner (who was cashing me out) she just offered a receipt. O.K - Her English is not that good so I figured she was hiding behind that. I will no longer be eating here since I can make five hamburgers with $6." I don't even work near them anymore "I love the bistro as we call it here Arthur office next door. The prices are a little high The BEST iced mochas. I worked at a specialty coffee shop a few years back and this place by far has the most delicious coffee I've ever had. Nice place to pick up lunch and coffee up before heading in to work for the day. The baristas are always so nice! Much better food than the more hyped Different Point of View.  They have a killer brunch with an incredible selection.  Hilton! Is this the best you can do?" Pointe in Thyme was a major bummer and very overpriced We ate here for Sunday brunch while staying at the resort and I was very impressed all the way around.  I went with 6 people and not one person liked their overprice food. The fish tasted like it had been soaked in grease and had no flavor My wife and I had lunch here yesterday. The food was so salty it was almost inedible. Expensive sodium! Don't bother. Short order cook who does all eggs was fantastic! My wie ordered eggs benedict from kitchen rather tan wait in line for cooked to order.  They were just warm. This place needs to do a better job!"  it would have been a letdown.  The ambiance is cold and dark - I think someone else mentioned dungeon?  This is a fancy dungeon from the past... how do I get back to the future?" $16 was pricey but i think pretty typical for a breakfast buffet at a hotel."  and perhaps the restaurant had its A game just for restaurant week.  But the place was busy and it sure seemed like everyone enjoyed it as much as we did.  I pretty much went in with low expectations I have nothing more constructive to add then JUST OK."  which was good. The bill came to $24. I think the Hilton Tapatio staff are exceptional  beautiful. Sat at the bar service was amazing." Chili-rubbed Iron Steak room service brought me a day earlier (I guess they deliver from Pointe In Tyme) was not very good." "Better to venture off property than have dinner here. It's expensive and our meal was completely forgettable. The kids had burgers which were basic. I had scallops and fettuccine which was uneven. Scallops were cooked to perfection and were really enjoyable. The pasta was seriously undercooked.  The pork shank with fig reduction was overcooked For our entrees we ordered the shrimp pasta and the scallops risotto. Both were especially tasty yet loaded with melted butter. The decadence was filling to say the least and I got full quick......but somehow not full enough to pass on dessert. Now how can I be full on regular food but still have room for a whole dessert? Mystery. We ordered the deep dish apple pie with cinnamon ice cream and the chocolate volcano cake. That's right i enjoyed my meal. doubtful i could afford to eat here normally. but our service was fantastic from the concierge to the food runners to our server. a great night out."  giving us her personal favorites as recommendations. The ambiance was quiet  loved the food and the ambience...until tonight. This was suppose to be a special night out for our daughter before she headed off to college. We decided to sit in the bar area..bad idea if you want to be served food quickly. We ordered our dinner at 6:00....at 6:35 our waitress came by to apologize for how long it was taking...apparently there was a private party with 60 people in the area next to us and the food was taking a while. That was a little hard to believe as there was a family of 5 sitting in the restaurant area who got bread and were served long before us...and we didn't get any bread. Our food finally arrived at 6:45. My daughter and I ordered the salmon "A decent steak in a location that is in dire need of an update.  Also But its mostly for guests who can afford it  the patio is really nice and I'd recommend sitting out there is the weather allows."  save your dinner for the big sibling ""A Different Pointe of View"" if you can afford it.  Far more fanciful and spectacular." Entered the main entrance to the resort and could not find any signage for the pointe in tyme but found it after driving around a bit." "I stay here a lot when I am in Phoenix and the Pointe In Tyme is not only the closest restaurant but also makes the room service food.  I have eaten here ALOT.  I know the menu by heart.  That said  I'm guessing the main chef was off for the day but I'm still going to pass on returning to the restaurant for the rest of the trip.  Of course Aside from that it was utterly mediocre. It's NOT *bad* food or anything--just meh."  sausage and orange juice. Great service and totally stuffed to the point where we could barely move afterwards."  they music was a little bit off for the environment."  the Deep Dish Caramel Apple Pie and the carrot cake was amazing."  a bad experience and I had been there before many years ago and also to the one at the South Mountain point and was not disappointed."  and we did not want snacky food. Let's just say the food was definitely lacking. I ordered a burger and it pretty much tasted like a hockey puck it was so burnt. Maybe try it Medium instead of Medium well next time? Scratch that I probably wont be going back next time I am in Phoenix Horrible service! Our waiter took 25 minutes to greet us and the busser apologized 3 times.  The busser was great but you could tell very frustrated.  I tipped the bus boy $20 just to make a point to the waiter and manger that the bus boy needs to replace the waiter.  Steak fries came and were uncooked.  Kathy the manager was very nice as well and could tell I was disappointed in the place.  Spend the extra money and eat at the restaurant up top of the resort.  The only reason we came here was because we were with kids and thought this would be more appropriate. We went to the restaurant thanks to a TravelZoo offer of $60 for $30. Our total bill including tip came to $32 (including one alcoholic drink) plus the $30 prepayment. Our (self-calculated) tip was based on the gross amount of the bill (before the credit). Our final analysis - okay but definitely not great. Not sure if the coupon affected our service. When we arrived Overall I rate the restaurant at 4 stars based on our 2 experiences." We had purchased the Romance package at the resort which included in room breakfast or breakfast at this restaurant. We decided to walk to the restaurant and it was worth the time. We had the brunch and it was very good. The fruit and food selections were fresh and tasty! I live in the area and will be back for this brunch! Service was very good as well and the restaurant looked very clean to me. "We were a party of 14 on New Years Eve! We had a great time with no complaints. The service was impeccable! The food was excellent! Our party ordered from the NYE menu. I had the clam chowder  but burger was over cooked.  Glad to see people in here on a Monday night.  Nice location The service was wonderful- we were seated quickly and had a lovely waitress who gave us giant waters to go so we could brave the Phoenix sun!" "Rick is the best bartender in AZ!  Food is delicious and the restaurant has great ambience.  Entry says Breakfast and Brunch  and their grilled veggies were so flavorful....I'm drooling thinking about it. This place is far for me Good service. Beautiful interiors. Ate there for breakfast. Ordered the egg white scramble with gluten free bread. $14 and it was tiny and as good as any diner. All the ordered breakfasts at my table were tiny and just okay. Nice breakfast buffet though but Not worth the price in my opinion. Cool location though. "This place is good if you are staying at the resort and need a meal.  On its own it is not a destination to seek out.  That said if you are there and want breakfast get the Arizona Eggs. They are poached eggs with chorizo  and they were fantastic!  The only reason they did not get 4 stars is the the bar tender/server/ busser was the same person and the kitchen took a while to get our food out.  We had to eat very quickly to make our next meeting (we alotted 1&1/2 hours to eat).  Otherwise "Pointe in Tyme is so close to having great food but needs to elevate their side dishes and decor just a bit. They have a prime location at the Tapatio Cliff Hotel but they need just a touch of refinement to become one of their premier restaurants. Came in with a group of ten and the service was very good. Server was attentive and thorough. We ordered mac n cheese We went for breakfast and elected to order their buffet breakfast.  This includes fresh fruits . Yogurts . Donuts pastries oatmeal  eggs sausage and bacon . They also include made to order omlet . Their is also a large selection of fruit juices . The selection is always fresh and the waitress were very attentive I feel this average food and POOR employee procedure and protection is a reflection of the general managers  just like last year they offered Creme brulee on the advertising but unless you knew that and asked for it no one was going to tell you about it. I am a huge fan of creme brule Outstanding!!! Food abc service great!!!best place in town!!! Seriously good and accommodating!  ordered more food.  Ended up getting a bunch of stuff to split and share.  Had the mac and cheese Good waiter but horrible food. My trout was soggy sitting on top of soggy wild rice that appeared to have corn starch or some type of animal fat in it. Brussel sprouts were soggy also. My husband's steak (supposed to be medium rare) came out charred with some heavy sauce on it. We tried the creme brulee which was burnt on top and the berries were stuck on top. The bottom looked and tasted rotten like curd. I immediately felt sick after eating the creme brulee. the restaurant is nice and relaxing as well." There is always great service . Location is easy to get to . We had their Italian buffet the pasta was aldente. The sausage was spicy And the  marinara sauce had a nice blend of flavors including plenty of garlic . We tried their beef sliders and their breakfast burritos which were hugh Y3a3RkR97J_ReiKgiMXeJg Excellent atmosphere and food. The dinners and breakfasts are top notch. Service staff could be better and the custodial staff could work harder and keeping the place cleaner.  but it wasn't my bill it was considerably more & belonged to someone else. I have now reduced the stars we gave them."  service was not. We waited probably 30 minutes before ordering our meals and our water glasses were consistently empty. The Flat Iron Steak is tasty and is served with a side of garlic fries Great place to go for drinks after golf however don't bother for dinner. I ordered the prime rib which was one of the worst cuts of meat I have had in a long time with 70% of it being fat. For the price try elsewhere. Overall definitely worth checking out if in the area and especially if you are staying at the resort."  refill our coffee and bring us the check! There is NO reason we should be waving our hands in the air flagging down everybody and their mother for a freaking check after sitting there for 20 minutes after eating..." "Staying at the Pointe Hilton Resort for work travel and came to Pointe in Tyme for a quick dinner. Five stars all the way. I'm literally still sitting in my booth as I wrote this because I don't want to forget to give them a good review. 1. My waiter Gilberto was honestly one of the best waiters I've ever dealt with - friendly  this is one with the least ""church flow"".  Ya know how those breakfast places always get packed at about 11:30 to 12:30?  That's church flow.  This one - not so much.  Not sure if that's saying something in general about the area's lack of churchiness Service was fine... our waiter was sweet and i was pleased that everything arrived exactly as we ordered it.  3 stars because it's a chain but it's a consistent one at that - I would not hesitate to return!" Now be advised the Pancakes do come in other flavors...but the strawberry one's are fantastic. So if you want a giant sized great tasting version of Strawberry Shortcake...then go and try this new treat at IHOP. Eat  I found myself picking off my son's plate! My husband's omelette was smaller than my son's that we ordered off the kids menu! Weird... just weird. I don't think we'll be coming back. I'll stick with the Good Egg."  usually a good sign. We had stopped going there a few years back because the food was not the best.  They have improved a lot. Yesterday the staff was wearing orange t-shirts to promote a new menu based on the Lorax movie coming out soon. Tried the Green Eggs and Ham with Rooty Tooty Bar-Ba-Looty Blueberry Cone Cake  even with how busy it was. He was prompt and brought out everything we requested right away. Our food was a bit slow to come to our table....35-40 minutes after ordering Daughter and hubby love the New York Cheesecake pancakes..." "We stopped by after a unexpected dental procedure for my wife as she wanted something soft to eat and pancakes filled the bill.  The food was O.K. but our server seemed more interested in us getting leaving.  She took our order and delievered our food with no problem  and the last time I had been to one was not memorable - I just ate there. But this one actually made me rethink my opinion. We went on a Sunday for breakfast cause it was close to the new home and well  meaty bacon for the same price and I NEVER leave hungry. Sorry IHOP you've disappointed me one too many times." Went to have a late breakfast at about 9:30 P.M. Chicken Florentine Crepes were amazing and service was still spot on. Usually that late at night the service tends to wain. Good job and great food.  not very happy they don't seem to have the NY cheesecake pancakes anymore. Hubby was unhappy This is my first five star rating. Our server Miriam was bright smiley and energetic. She did a special order waffle for us and it was delicious! I live the theatrical way she poured our coffee. She even poured our refills!! The facilities were clean and the place was very busy but we were seated immediately. This is our second visit. We will always visit this location when we are in the area.  and by the way... the New York Cheesecake is back : )" "My friends and I come to this IHOP location almost every Friday and Saturday night for the great food and service. I always ask for Ernie because there's no competition and he's simply the best. He's our go to server because he is very efficient and fun to talk to. In addition I was at this part of town and stopped at this IHop for lunch. It was such a pleasant experience with a really great waitress. She had only been working there fo about 8 months. What great service. Thank you so much!  no nothing!! I was very surprised by that. They clearly aren't concerned with customer service whatsoever given their reviews everywhere online. I checked my food when I got to my car and they barely gave me any topping for my blueberry pancakes and clearly didn't understand what ""extra butter and syrup"" meant! If I wanted to deal with them I would've gone back in but I was SO over them by then! If I hadn't been set on their pancakes today I would've gone to 5 N Diner or Denny's!! I know better for next time."  screaming across the reateraunt....and not being polite or respectful to other quests. The thing that bothered me the most is that I told multiple waiters to get a manager to ask them to act like humans  Always late night and always have the same waiter I think this is the best Ihop I've ever been to. Best pancakes I've had in a very long time. I'm extremely picky about my pancakes. Theirs are huge and fluffy. I give it 4.5 stars. Portions are huge. Waitstaff is very friendly and efficient.  What else do you need in a chain breakfast place? Crepes gave me appendicitis.  Ended up in the hospital for two days. 8/10. Would eat there again. Bring lots of sanitizer with you or try not to go to the restroom. Avoid it at all costs. Looks like it was last cleaned weeks ago!"  but we always request for SEAN!!! Hostess says he's always requested and that's because he makes your day and welcomes you like family. He calls my son muscle man and my son always enjoy remember him. I have the same thing all the time and Sean already knows it. So long as he's there and my server we will continue going. Wish there were more awesome people like him!!!" Our server was fast and friendly. The restaurant itself could use a deep cleaning and a remodel due to showing its age."  how do you mess up hash browns. Even the pancakes were not great" "Rude customer service! We sit and wait for someone to acknowledge us. Fifteen minutes go by and I finally ask for a server as no one was coming to our table. They bring our drinks and get our order taken care of. The soup arrives after the main meal because the server forgot about it. The hash browns which are part of the meal never arrive and as we inquire about it the server looks surprised ""Do you want hash browns?"" duh! It comes with the meal.... We didn't have enough silver wear. Our drinks never got refilled and by the time I got the creamer for my coffee was cold. Then the server has the balls to say ""Everyone happy?"" With an attitude. Bad experience! Nick Best dining experience ever!! Service was awesome! Food was amazing!! You should eat here!! "Went in around 130 in the morning and waited for 10 minutes to be seated.  Male waiter took me to my seat and I waited another 10 minutes for him to ask if I wanted something to drink.  After watching him stand and talk with other tables for another 10 minutes I left.  This guy only had a couple tables "Tried to eat here but stood in line waiting to be sat in a half empty restaurant for 10 minutes and finally gave up! At 9 months pregnant Do not waste your time or money!!! The service was fair however when I asked to have my turkey sausage cooked on the well done side I was given a shock!!!! I ordered a side of hash browns and because I wanted well done sausage the cook decided to pluck a hair from god knows where and place it inside my hash browns..... The follicle on the hair was still attached!!!!! So it was intentionally pulled from his body and placed inside my food. Glad I inspect my food before I eat it! .....to the waitress that served us and gave my kids the yogurt Poor service. Waited like 5 mins on a slow night to get seated another 10 for drinks and then waited 27 mins for no Mal. Yes I timed it. Ridiculous  slow service. I wouldn't recommend coming to this location." I understand this much work needs more employees but as customer and restaurant/coffee shop owner it's not customers issues you are under staffed ..." "Only gave 1 star because 0 wasn't an option. Where to begin.. first. Walked in on crutches. Stood in line.  Then finally got a seat. No silverware for anything ordered coffee. Asked for 2 tickets. Made it VERY AWARE that I needed decaf husband even said caffeine will kill her (won't but can't have it for medical reasons) came out we regular and ""decaf"" I confirmed please make sure 100%that this is decaf I CAN NOT have regurlar. Said it was. Trusted that. Asked 5 times for silverware so we can stir our coffee.. I stirred with my finger so that I could actually enjoy my coffee. Nope it was cold.. had to walk up on crutches multiple times and ask for silverware before we got it (after causing a scene). Then 33 min after we ordered we still did not have food. Walk to restroom and came back. Dirty gross bathroom. All 3 other people in my party had their food.. I did not have mine. They brought out mine all on seperate plates. Asked for extra crispy hashbrowns. Mine were the only ones undercooked.  The waitress I couldn't tell if she was new or not An overall we were very satisfied with our meals and service and all for $26+tip"  keep driving a few miles to the next one! I won't return to this location again!"  cheap breakfast. We have been back a bunch of times since then and it's been the same each time. All I can say is Yay!"  and $8 options plus their faithful standbys. I am talking about the Super Bird people the best sandwich for the last 4 decades.  Anyway in this economy sometimes you want to just chill out and talk to your friends and Denny's has always been that and so much more for me. Reunited and it feels so good."  seating both inside and out and the service is great as well. I know Denny's is a chain and most are probably the same to most people...but if your ever near this particular one....give them a try and i promise you won't think it is like the other's. Eat Denny's always available after the club! Cheep food and service! It's what's for breakfast at 230 I'm the morning!! It's Denny's? Good bfast this morning! UYHa5iKUddnZrlxF7taI0Q 9 pm is quiet and the service is great. Food is Denny's good and quick.  I was not able to finish the huge plate full of food. The waitress was exceptionally nice and very efficient. I would come back to this location next time I feel the need for a big breakfast." Food & service is usually really good. Before it was a Denny's. On a busy Sunday there is no place to wait in comfort. The AC sucks & they don't accommodate seating for large families. We waited more them 25min for them to say it will take longer to seat us cause it would be a fire hazard. Sad thing is NONE of us are over weight. They could not accommodate a seating for the baby in a high chair."  it's critical that employees and managers go above and beyond to compensate. That did not happen on this day.  Not even close."  no one even took our order. Only 4 tables in the whole restaurant! We have a baby and a three year old  but the goal of any food service establishment is to make sure customers keep coming back.  She totally failed to fix the situation.  I think it is time to take a break from this place.  The service is not what it used to be two years ago.  I will say that the people working there are very friendly.  Maybe I caught them on a bad night but I won't be back for a while.  Beware the wait time if you dare to eat here!" Food was blah. Nothing special. Kim our waitress brought her kids to work they were seated next to us. They screamed bloodly murder the entire time and every time they did she would go over to them. Your at work not at home. She never came over to check on us or anything more concern about her kids. The hostess service is great. The waitress service is very poor. Had to ask twice for water. we were ignored and mocked. Unless you want to waste time DON'T GO TO THIS DENNYS." It took 44 minutes for our food and the omelet was served with unmelted processed cheese slices. I ordered the Tuscan Super Bird... poorly prepared  I haven't set foot in a Denny's in twenty years.  Now I know why!"  or anything had to ask him for EVERYTHING. then he asked for my visa but the guy never ran it. the food was good actually but the service just isnt gonna fly."  the have recently renovated the place and it is very nice. People hate on Dennys in general but I have never had a bad experience." Service is terrible at this location. We saw several people leave because their food was taking to long. Took forever for a server to take our order and had to wait to check out. Won't come back to this location. First dennys I've seen with a patio. Good costumer service fast.  Typical food you can get at any other one. Breakfast always hits the spot when coming to dennys. The inside is clean but a little clustered with seating close to everyone. The menu they handed me when I walked in felt like it hadn't been cleaned since the place opened. had a horrid odor and I just walked out. if they can't clean their menus how can I expect them to clean the kitchen where they make my food. Food was ok. but the whole place was filthy. Food everywhere when talked to manager the person behind us told the manager how she dirty her table was when she was seated also when she left still was not cleaned. I'm not sure but I at least expect a place to be decent.  This was not at all  make sure that you check that you get those extras while at checkout otherwise you're most likely not going to get them. The weekend staff on Sunday behind the checkout counter makes you think that they hate their lives The staff is real friendly but my eggs are always cold like they got made first and just left there for 10 minutes. "One word.....""DISGUSTING"". The server was clearly not there (in other words out to lunch). You could hear the cooks complaining to servers I love this place!  We have eaten here multiple times and have always had great service whether it's middle of the week or a slammed Saturday morning breakfast. Food is always out fast and hot. Keep in mind it is a Denny's after all and I've been to them all over the country and have to say we love coming back here!  so we dined inside.  Service was good and quick.   Our Grand Slams were just as we ordered." Came for a quick lunch and we were left waiting for about 10 minutes before some one approached  us to be seated. Multiple servers kept passing by and chatting behind the counter and would only say ill be right with you. When we were finally seated our server had such a low voice i could not hear him and had to ask to repeat everything before giving up.... on my order i asked no mushrooms no onions and my food had plenty of mushrooms... and they forgot part of my order.... after getting our food corrected we started eating. Then we waited another 15 minutes after we were done waiting on our bill. When he finally dropped it off we went and paid and the manager made a genuine effort to apologized  1st time ever at a Denny's...i'm ready to go back very soon" Worst service ever I waited for sugar for an hour I asked three different servers to bring the sugar for the coffee with no answer so I just walkout "Our server tonight was amazing very attentive and our food was brought out fast and fresh.  My husband and I both had just gotten off work and normally (no offense) we don't expect much from Denny's but tonight they were amazing.  Only bad thing was the very ignorant person a few tables down from us who kept shouting about how he was a sous chef at a restaurant in Scottsdale.. Kept exclaiming he wanted to talk to the chef after his meal.  slow inattentive staff. Smug manager. Never again!! And sticky dirty high chair that my guest had to wipe down herself! Close this place down!"  not much to expect as is...but I think there is at least a level of servitude you should live up to. Lack of service. Lack of respect. Utterly disgusting. Tables were dirty as fuck. The people didn't look clean. Took 20 minutes to be acknowledged that we were even there at all. Then people were seated and taken orders before us. Why the hell is this even still in business?! Manager looked like damn dunce." "I tried to place a togo order at this location. I say ""tried"" because despite repeated calls over a two hour period tonight Had a yummy grandslam breakfast on my birthday.  Updates look beautiful as does the new menu options.  I miss my crispy Buffalo chicken salad but the chicken avocado salad was yummy.  Wait staff was very pleasant  and we had really great experience once again.  the bacons were burnt so did the English muffins dried and burnt ! The omelette also was not cooked right. They were busy and didn't have enough staff. I don't really like denny's but sometimes I go there but this location was the worst and I would never ever ever go to this location again. Never !!!" 