IbvOxKSps_K5wa3a2_jc-Q  but keep your expectations low." Don't go to the one in Charlotte though  as it was pretty good.  Head next door to Sing Sing for drinks Large portions. Friendly staff." My friends got everyhing from steak(they didn't even get a well done steak right) to mahi tacos and the only great menu item was the seasoned vegetables- give it a miss. Sing sing next door is awesome but get dinner somewere else. After we were done the waiter asked if we were ready for the checks and I had ordered meal that came with a desert! Really dissapointing all around.  grab a drink or 2 and eat those nachos.  the bar has a pool table and plenty of flatscreens.  rock bottom is a chain but it's one of the better chains in the area.  i'll pass on chili's or friday's and come to rock bottom instead.  oh and typically i walk over to target - work off some of those nachos." Our food and service was great.  They had the Penguins game on all the TVs in the bar and were setting up live music for after the game.  Seriously  I didn't sit at the bar and I don't drink alcohol so I can't comment on that. I go back to Pittsburgh often and Rock Bottom ends up being a good standby for a dinner and a movie kind of night. Really The burgers are good and big with the little skinny fries.  I'm not a fan of the skinny fry  the Rock Bottom is hit or miss. The beers are always good and the Uppity Jagoff IPA is one of the best India Pale Ales I've ever tasted. The low point lately has been the food. I will never forgive the idiot in management who took the chicken quesadilla off the menu. That said "Pretty good! Excellent beer sampler - bargain!  Veggie burger awesome. Onion rings awesome. Fried Mac n cheese was delicious - crunchy on the outside  I found the lighter ones very good and I look forward to trying the other seasonal beers. It is a good hour drive south to get there  or wrapped in bacon.  I know some people love to eat food like this all the time( I do every once in awhile) but if you eat out a lot you can't always get the spin dip The brew pub is nice and was surprised it wasn't busier."  and bar food; and you'll be OK.  I've had bad experience will all the fish dishes (including the fish and chips).  Also  but they were out of the ones we wanted. 4 of the 6 people in our group ordered steaks all of them were cooked to their satisfaction. The bourbanzola was a good addition. Defiantly a place I would go again. Joe I love this place!  Great atmosphere and friendly service every time I go!! Stop by on Thursday nights for a colorful game of trivia where teams battle it out in a game of intelligence and drinking skills!" The Waterfront may not be the most convenient thing to do while in Pittsburgh Come to Team Trivia every Thursday at 8pm!"  an enjoyable place at which I am a regular." Service was a little slow (not sure why) so a 4-star review is downgraded to 3.5. I'll be back next time I'm in Pittsburgh for work."  there was a hot mushroom   sundried tomato   cheese dip on the menu that was fantastic... if they resurrect that I will gladly add another star!" That's pretty much it. This place fixes it's food consistency  it wouldn't have been worth the experience.  We'll hit the Improv again - we have before - but  meh.  The food is pretty forgettable.  Another ""brewery"" that sadly fails to be anything special in the food department.  With the restaurants upping the ante on 8th Ave For a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of Oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to Germany. Not worth $5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was $15.95. vjcjHR3G_Vu-Ruo5JcLtWA I definitely give Rock Bottom two thumbs up for taking your typical chain-found food and making it fresh  and you get the exact formula that's kept me from going there in the past...and will keep me from going often in the future."  drinks are a few dollars off the regular price  not many vegetarian options and hostesses who will ignore you because they are too busy chatting about who didn't text them back. This place has the potential to be great Watch the fat girls in here. They will try to steal your buddys chair in a sec if he goes to the bathroom & then the indignent fat girl had to get yelled at in front of everyone w  in ear shot. Everything else including the burger & beers I devoured was excellent. I vote for Rock Bottom as the anchor store of the Water Works."  that's a little ridiculous when East End only charges $3 for the bottle and Penn Brewery $5.  Paying more for the bottle than the beer inside seems like insanity to me.  So I walked out empty handed.    But it won't deter me from returning."  and I have to admit that I was pretty satisfied with what we got.  Though I couldn't find any fried pickles or onion rings on the apps section Fish tacos were excellent!! Great brewed beers on tap as well!!!!!! "I very much enjoyed my first visit here. I got the Turkey Meatloaf and it was really tasty. It's more sausage than turkey. The cheesy mashed potatoes were excellent. The star of the night was the appetizer McikHxxEqZ2X0joaRNKlaw "First time I was here I had chicken quesadilla's and they were bad.  We went again last weekend. I had the chicken avacod sandwich.  It was very good.  No fat in the chicken.  Just a mess to eat *rock bottom allowed our bachelorette party to eat and drink and hang after dave and busters orphaned us"  you'll do fine here. I vacillated between 2 and 3 stars but the house beer I had will make sure I come back from time to time." I felt that the staff was very nice and the waitress was very attentive. The service was quick and I think you can get in and out in under an hour." I feel they will impress those who have never been to a brew pub but I would probably describe them as the Chili's of Brew Pubs. If you are in homestead and are looking for a burger and a beer it might be a good choice for a bite  and the food's nice enough. I was admittedly left a little underwhelmed." Mostly come here for the beer and sports. Fun place!  our waitress Susan was very good. Come here for drinks and the bar food. Skip everything else."  their trivia night is super fun!" Southwest Egg rolls and Fish tacos. Mmmmmmmmm. Ohh and the AMAZING Brews! I love the whole Waterfront area....so much to do!"  so I agreed to tag along.  I'm glad I did!  Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the extensive house-brewed beer selection Came with my BF we started with the crab artichoke dip. It was very greasy and had virtually no crab. The wedge salad was good and crisp. I had the hazelnut crusted chicken. This has to be one of the worst dishes I've ever had it was like pancake syrup over breaded chicken. To finish the meal we had the homemade chocolate chip cookies served with hot fudge. Well there was no hot fudge it was chocolate syrup the ice cream was so crystallized from melting and re-freezing all around disappointing. McikHxxEqZ2X0joaRNKlaw  but not for the food. And DEFINITELY not to use the bathroom..." I think the only thing I did't like is the steak taco appetizer. It was too sour and kinda tasteless." The Cajun Pasta I ordered was just spicy enough to keep me sipping my Rock Bottom IPA. It may be a chain but I always get that microbrew restaurant feel when I'm here. They could upgrade the quality of the servers but I've never had a really bad experience with the service. I really miss the Northstar Amber but the specialty beers are always good.  Food is excellent and the service staff is friendly. Furthermore I could care less if I come back to this location.  The beers were good but hell you can get a decent IPA just about anywhere anymore.  And the underwhelming food sealed the deal.  I know this is a chain the food was delicious. portion size generous. atmosphere good. Our waitress Lindy was outstanding. Have nothing but good things to say. Would highly recommend to everyone ! Another good meal ... this time the Housemade Meatloaf. It's a blend of turkey and sausage instead of the standard ground beef. A refreshing and delicious twist on a comfort food staple. Served over cheddar mashed and mixed veggies. The server could have behaved like she wanted to be there but everyone has a bad day once in awhile. Service was prompt just the same. Overall good experience.  I will say they handled it wonderfully. Our waitress Mallory was very kind and she was quick to fix the problem. I had the salmon for the second time and it was just as amazing as it was the first time. I had one beer that's similar to a blue moon and that was good too. I would go back again!" My husband and I got here a couple times a year.    Always (except my veggies today) get great food at a decent price.   I love their side salad..... which has raisins and sunflower seeds.    Burgers are great and my husband loves their chicken Mac and cheese.   Recommend to everyone just get there early for a seat. On to the important part... Food was terrible. I had a burger and it was pathetic." The rock bottom line: Monday for lunch we had awesome service by Ashley.  We weren't rushed and it was quite.  The burgers were great and half off . The beer was very good.  We will be returning for sure."  and on point all night. Lauren (one of the managers) was reliable and pleasant throughout the entire planning process. If anyone is looking to plan an event I would highly recommend Rock Bottom. Couldn't be happier!"  we always order the sampler. I like having lots of options as far as beverages go. The wait time isn't terrible if you go a little later on a friday or Saturday night. And they most often call you before the quotes time. The desert menu is a little small I love this place! Great food and the best beer brewed on site! The bourbonzola burger is the best thing you can order here.  the music is nice and pretty mellow and the place is very spacey and the prices are pretty reasonable. And most importantly is the place seems to be kept clean at all times." NOTE: There aren't too many options for vegetarians. The veggie burger was pretty good and I'd recommend it  and the Berry Bash Sangria was delicious (if expensive). We'll be back." Overall I definitely recommend eating here if you're in the Waterfront!" "The food is standard American fare--a bit overpriced in my mind--and the beers range from mediocre to very bad.  The Klsch is the only decent beer of the bunch.  The service is good  nothing wrong with that!) you will most likely enjoy Rockbottom. The only entree I did enjoy were the lobster and shrimp enchiladas (minus the repulsive beans and rice) and the asiago crab dip as an appetizer. Otherwise It was a good experience and will most likely be back when I am around the waterfront area."  the bartenders are friendly... I love this place. Ask about their rock bottom rewards !"  and the management cares even less. I want to make sure people know how careless the management is Service is always great whether there are two or 10 of us." "This is  a ""Okay"" place to eat.  The food is nothing special.  I guess what they have going for them is the beer.  Order the  Guacamole for the starter which was okay but for $8.50 and the portion was not worth it.  Rice (Cajun Taco) was not cooked well.  Would I go there again ""maybe"".  If your into beer and watching the game  the fact that I got 2 pretzels amazed me. I ordered within 25 minutes of seating. My pretzels hit the table within minutes. The smell of the warm salt and hot cheese opened my senses. But I knew we could step this shit up  we were greeted and seated in a few seconds!  Our server was at our table within seconds even though she had a large (10 to 12 guests) Group at the table near us. We had our drinks in minutes and were checked on twice within 5 minutes. Our food came out rather quickly and was delicious! Our server was very attentive and social. As usual  especially considering how amazing the food and the service was. Rock Bottom is now on our list of favorite local restaurants and we will definitely be visiting it again in the future!" Would I revisit?  Probably; it was decent enough with many other menu options.  Keep in mind Standard issue Rock Bottom.  We ordered the nachos....they could have easily served 6 people.  I have never seen a more massive platter of food.  Bar service was okay...guy working there was nice to talk to about sports. "On a Friday I went to Rock Bottom with some friends for their happy hour which takes place from 4-6. Our server was a spunky brunette who was very attentive and even let us sample as many beers as we liked until deciding. I ultimately decided on the Pom-berry Cosmo which was excellent. I also got the ball park pretzel which is amazing. During happy hour it's only $5 and you get two big pretzels served with this delicious cheese dip. My friends got the nachos  we have eaten then before and enjoyed ourselves.  The server was a very nice person and was very attentive.  She when over the specials and took our drink order.   Going through the menu one thing that caught my eye was the BBQ Brisket Stuffed Burger.  That just sounded so good.  Unfortunately the reality didn't match the idea of the burger.  The favor of the BBQ never came through and the smoked Gouda flavor was none existent. It was like having a standard old boring burger.  I was very disappointed.  For $14 "Went to Rock Bottom at The Waterfront over the weekend with 10 adults and 3 children in high chairs. Service was good  I'm going for the beer more than the food.  Definitely worth a trip for dinner."  the food and beer aint all that bad either! Fish & Chips  we usually have dinner but lately that's not always the case. The biggest complaint is that it seems the chef is intent on putting black pepper or some type of hot spice in all menu items."  but way overpriced. Quantities are small....much smaller than the picture in the menu. The beer is average. But yes Add in the fact that this is one of a small handful of places that accepts reservations in the Waterfront - a MAJOR plus when planning big outings with friends in the area! - and you have a reliable place where a group of people can go after a movie  fish was soggy and the chips were cold and grainy.starters were comp'ed but I doubt we'd go back. Sad because it has the potential to be a home run hitter. Two stars and that's it." Definitely one of those places you could keep going back just because it's so chill and it's a great place for friends to just enjoy some drinks and eat some good food. Nothing too too spectacular by any means but satisfies the taste buds. Their apps are the best part and the highlight of the restaurant  and neither will be there again ANY time soon!!"  it was only slightly busy.  You can usually tell when an eatery is suffering by the amount of staff on a given night and the conditions of the bathroom.  The staff was overwhelmed and the bathrooms were filthy and in serious need of repairs.  Alas  I'd definitely recommend going back to check out the Street Food and new menu offerings. Service has dramatically improved Verdict:  sit at the bar for a beer if that's what you want but if you're hungry and want dinner take your chances at a table."  it is better atmosphere than you would expect.  The menu options all sound delicious  but our entrees.... disappointing.  I got the Baja chicken sandwich and he got the bison burger.   both were super dry. i could not even finish half of mine. He had to drench his in ketchup to be able to get the bison burger down. If i were to go back Our server was nice.  The beer was simple.  With new breweries and restaurants popping up in and around Homestead  and the certified angus beef tips were awful.  They were severely overcooked and the sauce they were in had no flavor.  The picture on the menu made it appear you get a good amount of tips.  However Great american style bar food with quite a lot to pick from the both the food and drink menus. They are also great at accommodating large groups and these are one of the few places that allow you to call ahead to reserve a spot. Been here plenty of times with my group and we enjoyed it every time.  but way overpriced. Quantities are small....much smaller than the picture in the menu. The beer is average. Butbyes"  its def a place worth going."  food and service. Arrived on a Wednesday night for business and sat at the bar. Bartender was attentive and nice. Food was great. I had the Bison Prairie Burger. It was cooked perfectly and the flavor and fries were great. I'll be coming here again on my next business trip."  and I LOVE their cider; it had just the right amount of kick." Sat outside. Nice space!" "They did a good job accommodating a large group. Mac N Cheese with chicken and bacon was good. In house beers were moderate and selection was limited. Good service Loved the American Blonde and gram's oat soda IPA.  Good service.    Egg rolls were very good.  Our bar tender was very attentive and helpful in selecting the beers. If your in the market for a beer or two this could be an option. They have a nice seasonal selection and it's all tap which I prefer. I also like that most of the seating is booth. On my visit the service was lack luster. I have no idea where the waitress went for half the meal and her listening skills left much to be desired. I went with a beer sampler. It was nice being able to try everything they have. I of course went with the pumpkin beer. For my main dish I had stuffed peppers which I honestly enjoyed. They had a great flavor. My only issue is the rice that came with it was a bit under cooked. If service was better and my rice was cooked I would have given this place a solid 4 stars but that unfortunately wasn't the case on this particular visit.  and the bartenders were both very nice...Bob during the day and Paul at night.  The pumpkin beer and milk stout are both awesome.  Like other reviewers stated  but enjoyed some great beers from the bar while waiting. Ordered the calamari appetizer to start which was very good. My fish and chips entree was cold McikHxxEqZ2X0joaRNKlaw I would recommend this place and if we are down that way I will definitely go back." Great selection of beers especially the seasonal ones! You won't be disappointed. The Jalapeo pretzels are dope!  but there was nothing on the salad that was listed on the menu. Not to mention the whole place smells smells like dirty mop water. The beer is still very good  but the wings were OK. The brownie dessert was a little disappointing. The brownies were dry. I also had the key lime dessert. It was OK. The service was outstanding. The atmosphere was vibrant and enjoyable. We will definitely return the next time that we are in Pittsburgh." I only ate half of my sandwich so I would have room for dessert. They have a couple of smaller desserts that are served in Mason jars. Then they have a few that are larger that you could share with 2pr 3 people. I ordered the cheesecake with caramel and toffee. Yum!!!! It was the perfect ending to a good meal."  they don't screw those up. Everything else I've been coming here a lot lately and the food is consistently good. Their burgers are great (especially the 2:00 am burger) and the staff is always friendly. I haven't tried too many of their beers but the food will keep me coming back! I hear the food is very good and will return to try it and adjust my review accordingly."  but I would go back and recommend it to others.  It is for foodies? Nope.  It is amazingly original?  Nope.  But it is good food the waiter did not even bother to ask if everything was okay. won't visit again."  Valentine's Weekend around 7 pm - Larger tables sat quicker from what I could tell when we were waiting. I was with one other person and we waited upwards of 50 minutes for a table. When we were finally sat it was by the door where it was really drafty. It was below freezing out The waitress was great. She checked in often to make sure we were comfortable. The menu is large. You're sure to find something you want to try. But it's a brewery They do offer a drink and wine selection but beer is limited to house brew only."  and we got right in and had awesome service. We tried two beer flights so we could have the entire beer menu. The flights are priced exceptionally well. We had the nachos for an appetizer  especially the chicken Mac n cheese! Everyone is still raving about it!"  the broccoli was burnt bad and I ask medium well and they sent it bloody. My boyfriend's bison burger was not that tasty either he sent it back. They sent the burnt broccoli back and I got a great salad 2 stars because the beer was good."  and then some sauce and cheese. It was so underwhelming. I wish the food could match the quality of their beer. Real bummer." This location may not have quite lived up to our expectations from the original Don't go to Rock Bottom necessarily expecting the best food you've ever had and you won't be disappointed with the experience.  What you can do though is go expecting some pretty damn good beer.  Do that and you won't be disappointed." Food was very good and reasonably priced. Had great draft choices. I would recommend going early especially on the weekends or sit in the bar area. Very crowded and noisy  and the beer is flowing.  Nice option when in the Waterfront area."  horrible food.   Was served freezing cold enchiladas and pizza.   The enchiladas were supposed to be chicken and had two tiny strips of chicken and I'm talking minuscule.   Rice was still cold when it was served a second time a half hour later.   Manager apologized and waitress offered us something while we waited for our food for the second time.   I don't know whose fault it was  camera in hand).  Standing in the warehouse surrounded by kegs stacked to the ceiling is a near-religious experience." I believe they do tours on the weekends at 1:30 and 3:30 Wn8NhS-L1ck6jbTjX88Kkg  sometime). I had never been there before but we stuck around after the tasting and ended up right in the middle of an enormous party! Apparently all of Middleton comes out on Friday night after work to relax and have a good time. They don't serve food but several people brought in picnic baskets and I saw a few grills around. Fun place to hang out with friends I wish this beer garden was located in warmer weather so I could enjoy it all year long!"  but its good that you can order from nearby pizza places etc.  It goes without saying that they've got great beer."  but there's plenty of places nearby and I believe you can ask for take-out menus of local restaurants up at the counter.  I've even ordered Falbo's for delivery pizza a couple times - just meet them outside the gate by road.  Capital's also put up a large tent over most of the picnic tables  the bar inside was full of friendly bartenders tour guides. (Bier Garten was closed as it was practically winter.) This was my favorite tour because the guides actually describe the process of making beer and tastings were handed out rather copiously." Went on a Friday afternoon tour tasting. Started with a beer in a pint glass in the bar (you getto keep the glass). The tour guide was very casual and provided good info about the beer and brewing process. At various points along the way a woman would show up with pitchers of different types of beer and pour it in your glass if you wanted a taste. The pours were generous and by the end of the tour you have a nice little buzz going. The beer was very fresh and it all tatsted good. Can't wait to go back over the summer to sit outside in the garden and listen to bands.  6 packs and pint glasses for sale. I don't find my way out in these parts often but we had a great time and some fantastic beers."  had the Octoberfest. Very good beer. The guy was very informative and showed us the whole place. Answered some questions we had about beer also."  and enjoy the excellent beer that's doled out at the outdoor taps by friendly staff. Bring your own food - some local joints like the Roman Candle will even deliver right to your picnic table. And if the weather's not so nice  with a good amount of samples and a free glass.  If you're looking for something fun to do Good beer. Fun atmosphere at outdoor beer garden. Great people watching. Especially on Fridays in the summer.  Blonde doppel bock is outstanding. "Had a chance to try Autumnal Fire and some other brews. Autumnal Fire was great A perfect break on a Saturday afternoon." The beer garden aspect is tempting for a possible future return "Cool place- nice outside bier garden Nothing beats a brew in one of Madison's best beer gardens. With a shady roof overhead (love that newer addition) and tables for you and an army of your friends  there's much better out there in Madison. The outdoor space Beer I great though. With the $5 tour you get a small tasting glass and three different tastings. They have the staples along with more seasonal and experimental type brews. Pretty reasonable prices too if you want beers pitchers also (which you will). Pitchers are generally around $11." Live music nights outside are worth a stop since they are free.  Local bands people play." The staff is awesome and the beer is delicious. Plus you can bring your own snacks!" Recommendations:  Decent enough if you like their beer styles."  I expected more from Capital and don't think I'd stop back in next time I'm in Madison when there are breweries like Ale Asylum nearby." don't miss stop if you visit madison.  great beer. I love the events this place hosts.  I really enjoy the beer garden. 5 31 14 Enjoyed their outdoor seating and free music while drinking a cold Capital Lake House Summer Lager.  I'd drink it anytime anywhere.  ;-) Rating is really 2.5 and based upon the beers sampled. Lots of options but not that great. If I could bring my own beer to the garden We keep coming here and having a great time!  Always great beer and good live music.  The library fundraiser on Father's Day was a hit with the kids.  I even met Bo Ryan! The musical talent just keeps getting better and better and the beer selection is as wide as you'll find in a state known for beer excellence. Bring your own food though  brewery tours are free and there isn't a limit of beers that you can try. I found it odd that the brewery had 8 or so beers on tap but I could only try 4 with my $7 paid admission. The bartender was super sweet and allowed me to charge my phone and even gave me an extra taste of a beer. The amber is delicious!!" "The beer garden rocks.  Whenever I've gone there has always been plenty of servers  and a really informative tour. The beer garden wasn't open this time of year "Our tour guide was the worst tour guide I've ever had. I've been on many brewery tours and grains do not get their flavor from being in honey or dipped in chocolate. Many of us realized she was completely clueless. The number of uhs  which was nice but a bit embarrassing. People who had attended in previous years described this year as disappointing in that respect compared with past events. We did get plastic Bockfest mugs...which quickly went into my St. Vincent's donation bag. I don't drink out of plastic. Ick. We were told that in previous years Will update after tour and experiencing the beer garden in summer."  climbing on trees and being loud. Two episodes pretty much told me they didn't want my business; having a charity event involving squirting toddlers with a water hose and watching a family bounce a ball around. There are terrific parks in both Madison and Middleton for these kind of activities ""Pretty cool"" - I don't think so." "I love the beer garden!  A great place for a good beer and a picnic or take-out.  My favorite beers are the Pilsner and the Amber.  The Bike Fed Red is a good  but it tastes best from a tap with live music in the background on a perfect summer night. Beers are reasonably priced  delicious Middleton BBQ and of course...MUSTARD! I love Capitol Brewery's beer garden! Always new friends to be made while enjoying the beautiful outdoors! Never a bad time! Fishin' In The Dark and Bike-fed Red were perfect for the event and the day!" It's the only actual brewery I've been to so far in Madison  the often have vendors serving food if you forget to grab something along the way!"  with picnic tables and dogs and parents dancing with their toddlers.  It reminds me of the FloriBama on the Alabama Gulf Coast but in a Wisconsin-y sort of way. I'm in town for training and so glad I took a detour to come visit this place."  and spend more than an hour of my time at Capital." They have a beer here for everyone. None were exactly life changing to me. But I was happy spending an afternoon here. The outdoor area is awesome! I would love to be here in Summer with food and bands. This is a definite stop if you are anywhere near here. Check website for tour times."  flies buzzing around. Beer flavors were in the mid-tier range with not too many off flavors present besides diacetyl. So if you like margarine flavors in your beer There is a small gift shop that offers a 20% discount if you take the tour. It has several tshirts  it would be totally worth it. They even have super cool mugs that you can buy and keep there on a wall to use every time you come in. But if you're just looking for a cool friendly place to have a few beers  and string lighting would really make it pop (and make it a must-do for dates or friendly gatherings). If you're in it for just cervezas "I had an awesome time here last Friday night....we danced to The Jimmy's....I bought 2 Roman Candle pizzas to nosh on while we danced and drank our most excellent beer.  Beers.... uhhh.....consumed were Supper Club  the bar was open and we didn't have to go out in 95 degree heat to the beer garden.  The Maibock was the best sample we tried.  Fishing In The Dark was also good."  and the beer is simply delicious!!!!!" Pretty Good.  Nice little dive along Camelback.  The Pale ale was desent... i tried the other beers and some were better than others.  As far as the food i tried the southwest soup that was Excellent and a chicken salad that was fresh.  Also there was a very eclectic crowd when i went there.  I had to order another bowl to take home (it was great right outta the refrig!" Fresh and locally brewed beer and bar food. Not expensive. It is a pretty good local place to hang out! Happy hour prices are good too.  but I'll choose it over a culinary adventure almost anyday!"  I'd probably be a regular for beers and Kobe burgers." But what matters is the beer and the porter and cream ale are both splendid if a bit  too sharp initially.  The server are pleasant and the place has a small  and you'll have fun conversations. They staff actually know their beers and have strong opinions. And they're just as friendly as the drinkers. And you can actually talk to them without shouting over music that's way too loud (hear that  but my boyfriend loves micro brews and the food here is always fresh and very good.  I like trying their daily specials which I have never been disappointed with or I get the fish and chips or the Shepperd's pie.  For an appetizer try the green chile artichoke dip it is to die for:)  The service is also always very good."  the Kobe beef burger is awesome. I did order the steak and shrimp here once and it was very good as well. This is one of my favorite places to do day drinking when I get the chance. The outdoor patio in the middle should be very nice to sit at and enjoy one of their finely crafted brews in the next couple of months. The mural on the back is awesome too."  that's just what I wanted to top off what had become a very bland and unenthusiastic experience." Nice looking place ... food wasn't bad ... just something I didn't like ... not sure what ... sorry for the horrible review.  and with my brother after ASU (he's an alum) lost to Oregon are the first that come to mind. The classic rock and the atmosphere and the beer (don't forget the beer) seem to breath new life into me during such trying circumstances. I guess just by being a pillar of originality in the desert."  at least the steak fries and beer are good. My advice? Go a block east to Rosie McCaffrey's and actually have a good time worth remembering."  was surprisingly quiet given its proximity to the road.  It was just the right noise level for either eaves dropping or reading.  The food all smelled really pretty good as far as bar food goes and the nacho plate we milked for an hour and a half was made with real cheese.  The beers were also pretty decent and  I can make out faint notes of Janis Joplin or the Doors. I'm told that the patio speakers are as loud as they can get. Too bad."  which had to have been the best burger I have ever had.  Others in my party that night got the onion rings  some good and some not so good. I like hoppy beers but their  IPA was waaaay too hoppy for my tastes.   I didn't eat anything this time but the menu offerings looked fine.  I would like to try the Kobe burger Sonora is a place we will likely come back to. It has a good vibe." Sunday and Monday's are $3.00 pint nights with the purchase of the logo glass so I intend to put it to good use. Great way to kick-off the week!" I love this spot for happy hour. The beer prices are great as well as select apps. I am very fond of just about any stout or porter that sonora brews as far as the others I can't say. I have friends that like some of the other selections they have. A decent micro is hard to find in the southwest but this guy has been at it for a while and does a good job. The food has always been good. They have your typical bar menu as well as some better food choices. The patio is great as well. I have also found the service to be no worse than good!  Phoenix and the state of AZ as whole still haven't made a huge splash with microbrews.  Four Peaks certainly gives us a spot on the map and hopefully Sonora Brewhouse will garner some attention too 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag "Main reason to go to Sonora - the Kobe burger!  By far the best burger in town.  I usually go for lunch since its close to my office and have never been disappointed by the food.  Great service P.S. BEST ONION RINGS IN TOWN!"  enough said: I've been going here often (perhaps too often) for years for a good reason." "Atmosphere is wonderful. Outside patio dining with powerful misters. 70's / 80's music pumped in for effect. Staff is very friendly  awesome!  Who doesn't enjoy a good brewery really?  It is rather small so if you are looking to go somewhere quiet and intimate this isn't the place.  If you want good beer and good bar food with good friends and friendly staff then you are good to go.  I am a fan of their Hefeweizen and they have the best onion rings in town!  I hear they are known for their Kobe beef burgers and homemade root beer.  I can attest to the root beer  we were there for the hand crafted bier!  Will definitely return whenever in Phoenix." There were a lot of other options on the menu that sounded like they might be on the ""delicious"" side. If you are like us  it didn't get better.  The food was meh...service was not so great (there were moments of ""is she ever coming back???"").  I'd say  local restaurants but this place is all wrong. Plus the staff doesn't seem to care much for their jobs so they must not care much for good tips!"  and desert is their bread pudding (takes 2 to eat it).  I compliment my meal with what ever is in the cask for the evening and finish with their IPA (it's a good balanced IPA for IPA fans).  For more of a desert finish  I was also enticed by the fact that they were offering a Happy Hour from 3-6 even on a Sunday (it seemed that most places here in AZ don't offer Happy Hour Specials on Sunday).  I was slightly disappointed when I found out that it wasn't a real happy hour I will be going back again and again for their great beer."  the place is alright. I hope there are better offerings in the area. But if not If you like IPAs...this is the place to go.  The cask IPA is a mouthful of heaven."  and compliments the other establishments popping up around Central and Camelback very nicely. Unfortunately  so I'd rather round up to four. This place isn't a three-star joint Good stuff.  Haven't had too much of the food.  Onion rings are delicious.  All beers delicious.  Good joint to grab a growler for the drive home...I mean for when you get home.  but when it takes 25 min to order it in the first place and another 20 to get it I don't care how good it is. At that point I'm never coming back. Add to that the loudmouthed waitress bantering with one of the cooks about the ""dirty Mexican girls"" he's brought in there (its a small place and she yelled it from across the room) its safe to say I'll never step foot in there again. The service and the staff were inexcusable on to the food. i tasted my sisters fish and chips and the homemade chips were soggy from the fish. the halibut was delicious although sister had to pull off all the breading  but the rest of their beers had no body at all.  I was very disappopinted.  Atmosphere was very lame for a Thursday night."  great food and great beer. The cask conditioned beer is wonderful as are the fish and chips." "Hum...me likes cold beer...the beer here is NOT cold!! Food is ok  but you need to go back to the drawing board and create some good  but bring plenty of friends -- the place can be empty on a Saturday afternoon. It's also a worthy addition to your light-rail pub crawl anyways..they added Sweet Potato fries to the menu and they were pretty good. they crinkle cut them..i think it adds more to the experience."  but should. The beer is excellent and the service was top notch. Really I would give this place a 4 1/2. Boyfriend and I both had burgers It's an alright place if you're not going for the beer." (disclaimer in no way am I saying that because she was blond it made her bad - it is the only way for me to identify the waitress It shouldn't be this hard to find a place that wants to sell me something  I would like to come back for a few beers and food.  I would also like to do the brewery tour."  the waitress took an exceptionally long time to return our cards and receipts to us.  My companion saw she was just standing around in the back not doing anything.  The place was pretty empty  the cask conditioned and strong ales change regularly. Recently they had 4 different kinds of IPA. Central Phoenix highlight - must visit. Order off of the chalk board - seasonal ales are the highlight here."  but also remembered what kind of dressing I liked on the side to dip my fries in!  THAT'S personalized service!  Five stars I still wish I could find 3 Floyd's on tap out here. Maybe even Crooked Tree IPA- those are still my favorites  and hopefully you can get a taste of the Risky Red while it lasts."  brewery vibe. I wish they'd do a little something more with the patio but overall no complaints. My husband is super picky about beers and really likes SunUp so I guess they're good. It's perfect for a bars-on-bikes stop when you're looking for something casual and good old fashioned fat kid bar food."  I'll go back for the awesome beer and maybe just a simple cheeseburger."  but I feel that that's understandable. There is always a great special beer on tap that I become a fan of and then am saddened when the keg is emptied. And....I finally found great food here! It took me a while I would probably go back one more time and give them another whirl." "I had there light rail creme ale BBQ chicken wings and to beer& what else to wash it down accept the light rail creme ale brew. That is def my fave light beer. The wings were flavorful  Justin ordered the IPA? i think and I got their Vanilla stout. They were all delicious. My stout was especially good as the vanilla taste was merely a mild hint which gave it a great background flavor and left a lingering sweetness that was refreshing rather than sickeningly fruity/sweet. It was a classic stout whose femme-y name belies it's body and drinkability; certainly not a lady drink imo. My compatriots order the light rail cream ale wings and i order the ""beer bread"" w/ queso dip. The appetizers were  but I'm not expecting much. I love the cozy patio and great beer. Support local breweries and come here. As long as you stick to the beer  sadly disappointed. No one helped us when we walked in (they weren't busy) and our server kept forgetting about us to chat with dudes at the bar. When she messed up on our food she wasn't very graceful about it... and we still had to pay full price. It also took almost two hours  I love coming to SunUp. Always a good experience." They do have a kids menu but it is not published. The beer is good. There are football games on the TV. The burgers are huge. The pulled pork sandwich is good. Also  buy a growler and get it filled with your favorite beer." Order off the chalf-board for seasonals and freshest beers.  Best craft-ale in Phoenix & gives Four Peaks a run for best in Valley. Awesome patio & tap room in the back.  Very good food and well priced. Not much to complain about the beer I also like the ambiance of the place. Cool setup in the brewers' den and the funky patio in between the brewers den and the main bar area. For giggles don't forget to check out the murals on the patio wall and also on the back wall of the parking area." Tucked away at Camelback & 3rd is the Sun Up Brewing Company. Armed with a need for some food & adult beverage we made our way inside this cozy pub packed with people. With all the great dishes on the menu it was very hard to choose. But when we finally did the food was great (not your regular pub fare) and all the beers were wonderful...especially the Vanilla Porter. I will definitely be back for another round of food and drinks!  hit up Papago or Four Peaks instead and save your money (and beer belly) for something tastier!" I guess because our group was more than 10 people so there was one order that was taking forever to arrive 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag A nice brewhouse in central Phoenix if you aren't in the mood for driving out to one of the Four Peaks." Great Burgers. Great staff.... Great ambiance.... Great beer "SunUp Brewing Co has the PERFECT french fries.  They are the perfect blend of crispy and soft batter fried yummy goodness.  For this alone they deserve 4 stars.  In addition to the fries  this is one of the best breweries in AZ The service was great and there's plenty of space 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag  the Green Chile Pork is amazing and my Mom refuses to order anything other than Beer Battered Fish & Chips." "Like it but kinda miss the old Sonoran Brew Pub that used to be here.  Solid pub food.  It is a good pick when Rosie's is just too crowded and you want a place that is a (little) quieter.  The back patio is great when you have a mess of drunken friends that want to get together and don't want or can't censor their conersations.  The staff is nice  if you are avoiding SunUp because you remember that there used to be something called  the Sonora Brewhouse in that same space.... You're in luck!! The brewmaster "If you like craft beer this is your place.  Quench the heat here  I have only had the nachos and they were average/tasty.  The waitresses are always friendly and helpful.  The restaurant is comfortable and they also have a nice out door patio.  The beer sampler is a good way to start your beer quest!" The SunUp Brewing Co.. I have wanted to come here for a bit really friendly staff. But I come to a brewery for good beer and did not find it here.The Sampler was ok I ended up enjoying one beer there called the cherry bomb it's a 9.6% bomb of goodness I could see it not being a session beer way too easy to drink.  but not outstanding. The hummus was the best I've ever had. And I'm not a huge hummus lover.. just able to tolerate it. However  it was ok but not really great. It is the type of beer that never seems to have quite enough of something..... just a little off of good. Better than some others I have had though."  I ordered wine.  But the food here was so surpirsingly good that I am still writing a review.  I ordered the crispy shrimp tacos  especially the bison burger! The prices are slightly steeper than most other breweries I've dined at in the area "Barleywine!  Finally!  We've missed you....one growler  and reuben sandwhiches.  It all looked amazing.  Now i'm going to be in a food coma for the rest of the afternoon but it's ok i'm a happy camper!  :)" "Still loving the food!  The crispy shrimp taco's are my fav.  The shrimp are huge For the beer... I'll be back." I have been going to this establishment for years and I still love it. The food is fair bar type food. Although they have changed ownership and brew masters they still make good beer. I have to say though the former brew master had a wider array of beer and was a better brew master. The new brew master is really good at IPA's which is good for him since they are what is in demand at this time. I so miss your pot belly porter and your midnight porter. The atmosphere is relaxed and it's a bit brighter inside than I expected."  beer is well done...service just needs to be more friendly...one guy had a dirty mouth on him  it was a great first experience!"  I love the buffalo burger. Mostly though I go for the beer. There is a ton of seating inside and out and the service is usually prompt and efficient." "Cool place! The beer we tried was good my fav was the hefeweizen. The green chili pork with tortillas was really good and I have been back many times for it. The food prices are good and the burgers are good  try Sun Up - you won't be disappointed."  too.  My roasted turkey sandwich was very tasty and he enjoyed the IPA pulled pork.  My wife had the green chile burger last week and she said it was nice and satisfying.  Great place to stop for a beer and some food in central Phoenix.  The place is smaller and has a cozy feel." I came here for a first date with some one and just missed happy hour.But i did like this place and enjoyed their beer!!I wish i could have tasted  the vanilla porter but the were out.Will return soon!!  great music! Brought our 1 1/2 year old for dinner. Loud enough so it downs him out but not too loud. Thoroughly enjoyed ourselves  but Four Peaks steals my heart!" 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag  several good interpretations of standard beer types.  The food (steak wrap) was very tasty as well.  The only problem is that the the waitress decided to take her sweet time waiting on us in the patio area which left for a very hungry Vanilla porter and root beer pretty tasty. Rest of the beers below par.  For the price food wasn't that great either. Wouldn't come back here again "I went there today for lunch if not thinking about being saint patrick's day.  The place was fairly busy but Mollie made room for us for us to bar.  The patrons were friendly it was a nice atmosphere.  My friend had pulled pork sandwich which he always likes and I had the fish and chips.  At $14.00 the fish is a little expensive but was served with a nice size piece of fish and the good serving of fries.  The breading on the fish is a little thick but has a nice taste and I would happily have it again.  It was a good lunch I would come here again to sample more of the beer and for dessert or a Happy Hour-priced appetizer but not for lunch or dinner again."  relaxed and welcoming. I really liked the set up of this place. It was comforting and cozy. We ordered the sampler and were content. The Stout really stood out. I wish they bottled. Well next time in AZ for Spring Training." 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag  the salad tasted exactly like the prepackaged southwestern salad you can get at the supermarket.  I'm not all together sure that they didn't just give me the salad straight from the bag." "Cool Brewery!  Cruising down the street a little brewery popped out of nowhere.  It was a hot afternoon and a nice cold local brewed beer sounded like it would hit the spot.  Stopped in and right away I felt at home.  The waitress had a huge smile and greeted us and let us know we could sit anywhere we wanted  but probably not surprisingly it was incredibly salty. I'm not sure it's possible for a sandwich of smoked salmon and sauerkraut not to be salty but I was only able to eat half  if you are with a group they don't seem to like splitting checks so having cash is best."  very good. Husband had the shrimp slider which were very good. Service is very chill Would definitely suggest the Camelback Club I'm looking forward to going back to try something else from the beer selection."  finely crafted beer! Good food and friendly staff." Good pub food and tasty beer. Try the garlic Parmesan fries! "Very happy that there is a local brewery in walking distance of my new house. Can't believe more people don't go to this place. The atmosphere and beer are amazing "2nd favorite brewpub in AZ after Oak Creek in Sedona. Very solid  the wraps are tasty and the Buffalo Burger is one of my favorites. Oh.. not to forget that the Green Chili Pork is awesome as well. If you have never been.. go now. I mean..just get in your car..or on your Vespa..or hop the light rail..or ride the bus..I don't care..just get there. If you like craft beer and good food. GO!" "Cute little brewing company with yummy food and good beers. Not your typical brewery We stumbled upon SunUp after visiting the Herd w/ friends from Philly.  They know and love good food and beers like we do  we will probably go back some time." Came here on saturday before a diamond backs game.  My friend and I sat outside and ordered the beer sampler...we essentially tried every beer on tap.  I was very impressed with the cherry wheat beer as it had a really good balance.  I would definitely come back...easy to get to from downtown using the light rail...The only negative was that they seemed slightly under staffed and service at times was slow.  January and Jamie are the best!  Any beer on Casket is the best!  Great place to meet the locals too!"  each only did a section of the table but service was very bad. From our three drinks ordered Average beer... Great food.  and plenty of choices. Their brewer is out of town but we still enjoyed all the great beer they had to offer. The food was good pub fare and the root beer was some of the best I've ever tasted. Inside is cozy I would personally never come back here for food.  Maybe just some beers."  but you could also tell they keep their lines and tap really clean. All I tasted was beer; it was served in a slightly chilled glass. Thanks I didn't try the food." "Sunup usually has some great ales on CASK! Which are still somewhat hard to find in the valley. Their food selection is very good Keep up the good work SunUp!"  so I found the selection was ample enough to satisfy my beer wanderlust. The atmosphere was my favorite element of SunUp... it seems to be a great gathering place and yet it is intimate enough to serve as a decent place to take a date. Even better if your date digs beer It was a cool evening and we sat on the patio. The only downside was that there was not enough heaters to make it enjoyable.   Overall it was a good place to hang out with some friends."  and secondly because it just seems like a cool place to hang out. The main thing that kept them from another star was the awful smell in the ladies room. My hubby said it was even worse in the mens. Gross. I hope it is not a permanent thing." 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag  I have yet to eat at SunUp.  I just really like that this is a nice place to kick back and have a cold one.  The services is consistently quick and friendly Only thing that would make this place better is cushy patio chairs and bikinis."  but nothing I would go out of my way for."  because I haven't had the balls to order it. I found another gem on the menu called the parmesan fries. Holy lord! Very good. The wings were also solid. Still no hefe on tap- hopefully they'll bring back that gold goodness soon. Hint hint!" "so glad Yelp led us here on our way home to CA. Shared the Classic Reuben and kettle chips plus bread pudding with whiskey sauce for dessert; very good! I chose Amber Ale to dink then tried pub tastes of Oatmeal Stout and Vanilla Porter.  The Amber was by far the best tasting. I love dark beers "I wanted to drop by and do my part to support our local brewing establishment. I'm glad I did. Always an interesting selection of beers with the occasional cask condition variety. Bottom line  but the root beer float was the best thing I had even if I only got one scoop of ice cream...last time was the last time." Sun Up runs a lot of specials like Chili dog Monday (Chili dog and beer for $6)  but it won't do you much good. They don't seem to update it ever - so its useless to see what they might have on cask  I tried it and didn't like it. No big deal. I was ready to try something else. That was before she completely ignored our table for 20 mins. She seemed like she was more interested in cleaning and talking to some guys at the bar. When she finally brought our bill we paid and didn't leave a tip  but I encourage those who like craft beer to check it out. You may find something you like."  the service was extremely disappointing. I understand that with coupons at restaurants servers don't always get tipped on the price before discount. I used to be a server and restaurant manager and have seen that happen a lot. The server was very robotic and not friendly at all. She set down our drinks and food like we were in her way and troubling her. The appetizers were fair for pub food. The pretzels were pretty tasty actually! We really enjoyed the beer sampler that we each got as well! My favorites were the hefeweizen and vanilla porter. Everyone else that worked there seemed very pleasant and friendly except our server. We most likely wont be going there again due to the service. Hopefully the 40% tip that my boyfriend left will help get that server's attitude turned around towards future diners!" Had an amber ale and a Kobe beef burger.  Both were delicious!  This place has a great atmosphere and the staff were very friendly.  This place will definitely be on my regulars list.  which was definitely good and packed to the brim. The others in my group enjoyed the chicken tenders  the Mac & cheese with green chiles - both delicious! Accompanied by the heifeweisen for a very satisfying lunch."  but it is perfect for lunch in the nicer weather."  calamari and pretzel bites were also good.  The cheese for the pretzels was gross.  The best items were the green chile artichoke dip and the home brewed rootbeer." I'll definitely try this place again in hopes that they rotate their beer selection and include some seasonal offerings."  we showed up needing two things: (1) something to eat; and (2) a cold beer. We found them both at the SunUp Brewing Company. The menu is primarily pub food - burgers  then what is there to do? Very disappointed in their service. Ps I've bartended before and never seen someone grab the ticket and then dunk it on top of the drink they have going out.  I witnessed this time and time again. She would grab and hold the ticket Me and my friends checked this place out because of a Groupon which got us a flight and logo pint glass. The location is kind of obscure being not in the greatest of Camelback areas but the brewery itself is very nice. We had some nice outside seating and ordered only beer and apps. The little food we tried was great and definitely going to go back for dinner soon. The beers I enjoyed the most were the Amber and the Vanilla Porter. They also had a seasonal Stout that was also surprisingly delicious. Great for a nice dinner with craft beer. Cask drawn IPA.....good stuff! The food here was fantastic and so was the service!  and the waitress was very friendly. They do a great burger and chips. The root beer is worth a try 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag Rescinded comment as this place did themselves in on my last visit. Only came in for beer sampler flight. Prompt service from friendly bartender.  Really nice cream ale and vanilla porter.  I hate IPAs and even sort of liked theirs. Nachos were ok. Their chicken strips & onion ring are horrible too much beer breading. They said their mac&cheese with green chili's was great - ugh sorry it was not. Maybe go with a sandwich or burger and have better luck." 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag The service was super friendly. Very good food and beer. Thanks to SunUp Brewing Company Guys just quit the stupid beer games and sell pints.  .."  it has grown so much over the last couple of years. SunUp is right in the middle of it all. With a wonderful selection of beers brewed right on property its really hard to go wrong. If you not sure which one to get you can always try a sampler and pick any 4. The food is really good as well  the seasonal brews were pretty good. They had a cask red ipa with simcoe and cascade hops that I found delicious.  The bar service was good.  The wings were decent Wings were flavorful and plentiful. Lots of good flavor with just the right amount of heat. The turkey burger was decent but could have used a little more flavor." Servers are all really friendly. There's plenty of parking and the patio is nicely shaded. Lots of indoor seating as well if you want to enjoy the AC. I wouldn't mind stopping in again."  I come to find out the owner is crazy for yelpers! So if you don't minda smaller size bar and a not too bad central location Best brewery I've been to in the United States! I like the fact that there was a wide variety of beer. Something for everybody. But it was also some of the best beer  but I enjoyed them all.  My fav was the Lightrail Cream Amber!   A must try in Phoenix!!" "I worked down the block from this joint for years and kept forgetting to stop by the place until I briefly spoke with Uwe at another beer event and was inspired by his jolly nature to get my ass in there and try his beer.  My expectations weren't high for the place overall We have driven past this place several times. We never really drink so breweries are never high on our list to visit.  The inside is very very nice and inviting. the staff very friendly and fairly quick service.  we arrived at an off time between lunch and dinner and saw how quickly the place started to fill up as we finished are dinners.  we had the light rail cream ale and the vanilla porter.  pretty good.  the prices were really good as well. Seems like it would be a great place to hang out with friends.  also very clean.  we will be back again soon Service was great. Loved the BlackBerry Pear Cider. The seasonal double IPA was delicious too. Wait for special guest Black Pat and your time will be amazeballs. The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly." IbMuFKwVk2uCX4fKTsKtfA "I'll start off by saying Sun Up had amazing food and great beer. The problem lies with the horrible service. There were open tables that needed to be cleaned which caused a bottleneck at the door. We sat at a high top in the bar area and were completely neglected by the bar tender/waitress. We watched tables that sat down at least 20 minutes after us get there food first. We flagged down a waitress to get a status on our food and were told our food takes longer to cook (burger and shrimp tacos)  which are brewed in house and they had all the answers and knew what they were talking about. I am a craft brewer too and was testing them with some of my questions and they were spot on with the answers. I will 100% be back there in the future! Awesome beer and food!" I recommend ordering the wings and a seasonal beer. Sit at the bar and chat up January or Emily. I don't think you'll regret it... I almost forgot Mollie is awesome." I'm sure I'll go back to give it another try  and at least I have the proof I need. *** See note above: This situation has been satisfactorily resolved and the dispute cancelled with my bank." Stopped for the first time today. Quaint little brewpub. Very friendly and evident this place has a local following. Great happy hour prices on appetizers. Beer was ok... Average is a good word for it... I would  truly recommend SunUp if for nothing else  the folks there and the customers were so nice . The food and beer is amazing.   Top that off with a killer wait staff and bartender Jeannette!  The husband and I love this place!!! "This place is so good!!! Their seasonal beers are bomb and my favorite dish Is the grilled shrimp taco! Great service I had the pretzels which were tasty. Other food looked really good. Will definitely be going back again." 3UMcsN9IjoeV8JZvC4apag Cheers! And come try if you haven't already I won't be going back.  I""ve worked in the restaurant business before for 4 years.  Never has any restaurant I've eaten at or worked for not went out of their way to make up for an error on their part.  No free beer on the house The food was really good - especially for brewery/bar fare. I went with the chicken ceasar wrap and my coworker went with the green chili dip. Both were great I love this spot. There is an awesome living social deal going on right now too. The seasonal pale ale they have right now is amazing. The wings are so good. I got the honey hot. I'm going back again this week. I am also considering having my next birthday in the adjacent brew house. So much better than my last visit. Service was awesome and so was there food. I'm glad I gave this place another chance I will definitely come back to eat here again. My wife and I really enjoyed our lunch at the anniversary party and had a decent band. I would like to see some more variety with their crafted beers   Had half of my aunts philly steak and it was delicious.  Stuck with the seasonal beer all night and it was really smooth and really good.  overall  friendly service. Love their bread pudding :). Definitely check 'em out! We come down as often as we can ... it's our fav hang out :)"  the pasta was over cooked. The sauce was more like a butter sauce and hardly resembled red pepper anything. The green chili mac led me to the same disappointment  the hummus plate was a meal in itself.   The menu looks to have something for just about everyone.  My burger was cooked to order and very tasty as was the cole slaw.  We didn't have the fries or onion rings  I heard they have a new manager so I went back to try out. Service is great now." Atmosphere: Good.  I like the beer garden." I'm looking for solid drinkable beer at great prices with a friendly staff and a simple but satisfying menu.  And hey  don't waste your time here. The cask conditioned IPA tastes like dish water. Food was average. Meh."  let me reiterate that this is one of those times that I wish there were half stars in the rating system.  It is definitely better than a 3 but I am not quite ready to give it a 4.  I do have to say that it really all comes down to the purpose of your visit here.  Its a brewery.  As a brewery it was so fun and we really enjoyed our server  which by the way is awesome! Our server Chris was even more awesome. We had so much fun sipping our brews & sharing great stories & experiences. We would def recommend. Ask for Chris!" The large variety of beer that is brewed onsite was also very good!" "We stopped in to pick up a growler for the Super Bowl.  The beer was good (we had their amber) but the service was downright surly.   Especially for a brewery "Been awhile since we've been here but still top notch beer. I think the food has gone down a little though Came here for Sunday beers. Local atmosphere. We could tell there were a lot of regulars there. The waitress could have been a little more friendly. I got the 4 sampler of beers because they had too many IPAs to chose from and my boyfriend had the triple IPA. Beers were good. We also ordered the chili fries for $6. We were expecting something a little larger but they're were very tasty and worth the $6. My only issue is the bathrooms. Definitely could use a little air freshener or two.  poor food. Came here on a Sunday for happy hour the calamari I ordered was cold and it took me twenty minutes to get my beer. When I reminded our waitress she said oh I think she's changing the keg.. Okay that's fine but I would like to be told that before all my other friends have their drinks and I'm just waiting. Won't be back here." "This is a must-stop for every craft brew fan visiting Phoenix.  Located near downtown in a small lot. Broad spectrum of brews including several cask brews and firkin draws. Great menu and friendly  although what really disappointed me and my guests was the service. Our server seemed to really want to be somewhere else the entire time. She was not friendly Whenever I know I'm going to be in the area I always have my growler ready for a pour. I've been twice and don't remember anything about the food to blow your mind away but their beers are tasty!  with a group of 8.  We were a little put off by how small the establishment was. Then they guided us to another building that they opened early to accommodate our large group. Chris our waiter/bartender was amazing. He gave us amazing suggestions and tasters without us asking. All the food we ordered was great. We really enjoyed the bourbon barrel aged porter. Happy hour is from 3-6 and all appetizers are $5! We will be back!"  a bit slow but had an enjoyable visit and seeing the onsite brew side was a cool plus!"  and chicken buffet with a private bar. My guests were very satisfied with the food. The craft beer is a plus too! ;)" "Unbelievably HORRIBLE service.  Never again!!  My husband and I have been to this restaurant twice now within a few years.  Our first experience was ruined by a very rude waitress.  We stayed away from the place.  Recently we thought we would give it another go.  We were greeted warmly by the bartender and asked to seat ourselves.  It was early evening The cherry hef and the vanilla porter were A-ok.  Were they my favorite? No. Were they bad? Not at all.  Would I consider buying this stuff in a pony keg for our place? probably not.  They have a decent happy hour in which if we were close by I would rather stop here than going to a place like hazelwoods or dillys deli.  But since St.Francis is across the street I would personally choose them over this.  Had a manmosa yesterday for my bday which was awesome thats probably one drink I would definitely stop in for.  is the truly bad customer service. I don't care if you make minimum wage or six figures; if your job is to take orders and serve people I thought I should have 2 paragraphs Finding good food and beer on tap in Phoenix is not difficult.  Finding great grinds and great brew is why I'm writing this review. I'm an IPA drinker by nature and this place did not disappoint. Check out the Sweet & Spicy BBQ Pork Sandwich with melted cheddar cheese on a honey roll.  Mmmmm good.  bring drinks and our bill.  All of this with only 6 people in the restaurant and 4 wait staff.  Will give them one more chance." I really only go to a brewery for beer but this place was so unpretentious and welcoming I'll drink whatever they bring me." Ignore the 'wait to be seated' sign and grab a table or head to the outside patio. Love love this place. If you come in fairly often (1-2 times a month like me) they remember your meal and drink preferences.   Service is always spot on and I've never had a bad meal here. Wish they'd bring back the salmon Reuben though. That was my addiction!! Bottom line:  I believe I'll go back to have an Ale and shoot the breeze I recommend coming here for their green chili I would definitely go back and if you live in this area and are into craft beer you must make this a regular stop."  but i know i will finally dive in and order it at some point." "SunUp was a great stop on my beer hop thru Arizona.  If I lived nearby this would probably be my spot.  Other breweries I visited also had good beer but something about this place was really cool and enjoyable.  I felt really comfortable here.  The parking was plentiful  but like the rest of the menu overpriced. We went for happy hour and ordered bruschetta ($5 on HH) and nachos ($8 no meat). The bruschetta looked and tasted like they dumped pasta sauce on bread and the $8 nachos was really small! Probably 10 tortilla chips.  Hope they realize their errors before they lose the rest of their customers.  Can't afford to feed my man on those prices..."  but the chilli cheese fries lacked the essential component. ..chilli! There was barely any on the fries  and sometimes I have so much fun I catch a mighty buzz from day drinking. While I wish that Uwe guy would bust out with more imperial reds and coffee stouts more often Great Porter selection for the beer drinker who has taste. Great food as well. Excellent for happy hours too!  but I think it's worth it. It's a smaller place and not quite as noisy as some of the breweries in the area can be. I would definitely recommend it!"  non-chain spots like SunUp.  This place has really good service & craft beers." "Great place to enjoy lunch with a brew...or two...or 4. Had the Trooper Pulled Pork sandwich with Mac and Cheese. Their Mac and Cheese is EXCELLENT with three different cheeses and smoky flavor.  Wife had a homemade veggie burger with grilled onions and Chipotle mayo. She got hers with kettle chips. Try a sample of beer while you are here as one choice seems to never be enough here! Always with a rotating selection Just had the most fabulous dinner. The entrees were spectacular. Had the salmon. 13 dollars what a steel the flavor was incredible.  The mushroom soup was to die for.  Had the flight of beers. Talk about flavor.  My favorite being the muscles from Brussels. Best beer I have ever had.  Traveled all over Europe including Prague and this one by far beats all of the others hands down.  Service was fast and the waitress was very nice and friendly.  This is my new weekly hangout. Loved it!!!  always try to support small AZ based business. You'll feel better about yourself when your head hits the pillow...." .Ended up here again and the beet was not as rewarding as usual for me but the food was solid.  I can't imagine coming here and not having the mac and cheese on my plate!  and a friendly staff do the job for me."  but the mac n cheese tasted like creamy beer with no cheese taste. It wasn't noted that it was beer mac n cheese either. My friend ordered a salad which she said wasn't worth the price and was mediocre. Our appetizer (artichoke dip) was great but was very small for the price. Unfortunately we both left hungry. Our waitress was nice but it was clear she was ready to go home. We won't be returning. ):"  not the wired mayonnaise mixed with cheese bullshit. Otherwise we love the shit out of this place."  with the exception of their fries - they were spot on.  It just kind of has a feel like it's someone's hobby rather than passion if that makes sense.  There are some amazing breweries here in the area so the competition is incredibly stiff "The food is great. Love the burger and the shepherds pie is amazing!  Beers rotate frequently. Today is an amazing bourbon aged barley wine  if you pull into the first driveway it's the brewery building with brew kettles in it.  You can park here and walk over or turn right back onto Camelback and go into the main restaurant parking area." "Great local pub.  Beers are fresh and perfectly presented.  Try the cask varieties for the ultimate craft experience.  Green chili pork with tortillas rocks.  This is a place to sit down  and I'll update my review afterwards. Maybe Nikki was just having a bad day."  she said she had a booth or we could sit across the patio at the other bar. We chose to try to sit at the other bar. There was an open table so we sat there. After awhile the bar tender/waiter said we might be better off sitting back at the other building as he didn't know when he could take our order. He did have a big table but o guess getting someone to help him wasn't an option. So back to the other side of the restaurant we went. The sign says to wait to be seated so we stood at the sign waiting......and waiting.....several waitresses walked by us and didn't even look at us or acknowledge us. We divided to leave and took our business elsewhere." This is my favorite neighborhood brewery. Order a beer flight. Find your favorite or perhaps just a new favorite. I'm partial to the cask ales. Oh and the house burger never disappoints. And don't forget to order a growler to take home your favorite brew. The beers here were really good. The vanilla porter and hefe were my favorite. Enjoyed the patio. The food menu could had more options but was good. Id go back for beer mostly. So much better tonight! Mary Sue was our server and she was great. Nice sense of humor and played along with our jokes. The food was great as was the beer. Very friendly and accommodating and the beer sampler option was very cool. Thanks for upping your game!  as well as multiple vegetarian options. Trivia on Monday nights is a lot of fun Overall the experience was fine for what it is....a brewery with bar food and it tasted fine.  It won't be the place you want to take your out of town friends to impress them  she didn't know there was a desert menu ! My drink was empty the entire time . My husband hates his food but didn't want to say something because he knew it would take forever to get our food ! We kept asking for a beer we ordered but never received . We still never got the beer even after we asked another waitress but were charged for it ! I'm speechless !"  on the road. We get inside and we find a a row of old men drinking with no music on in the main bar area. This contributes to the odd factor. We go outside and order our food. From that point on the ambiance changed dramatically. I ordered my usual chicken tenders and fries and it came to me perfectly. I was shocked to say the least. I was NOT expecting that. SunUp became great. The fries stacked up to many other top fry producers in my opinion. My milk was refreshing as well. SunUp is a local bar. There is no doubt about that. SunUp was still a good time and I would recommend it to others." I would not seek the place out but would not turn down an offer to go again." Beer is good. Food is good. Atmosphere is good. Need to know more? Think I am I liar? Try it for yourself.  is there great service. I wish I still remembered our server's name because she definitely deserves positive feed back. She was fun I'd go again to give it another chance perhaps it was just an off night...but I wouldn't go out of my way to get there."  she was available without  being annoying. Great way to try beers and have a small snack on the patio. I would recommend outside seating."  but the beers and food made up for it. Their food is pretty good and the Parmesan fries are awesome. They could use another server or two on a Saturday afternoon with a full bar though."  really liked the vanilla porter.  Food was good as well.  Our server was Jeanette Fantastic club sandwich and great beer - I am now a believer."  beer was great and food was good too. Our waitress was good and after checking on us several time At the end I was thanked for coming in. I recommend this place if you are a beer drinker. They have a large list of options."  the food was ok. Nothing special on  at least the lunch menu that would make me go back. The atmosphere was a laid back local brewery which I did like very much. My kind of spot "We come here often and always have great service. The beers are often rotated and the quality of the beers are unmistakably good. The food is phenomenal as well Quaint little place! Beer was good especially the White Russian which was the bomb the other 3 beers in my flight were also good. Didn't try the food since I can't eat and drink at the same time! Will definitely go back! Tell me. When was the last time you got good fish and garlic chips with slaw at a gay friendly place with one of the patrons in high heels? Oh and the horizon Hefeweizen is goodness? Enough said. 