 take my word for it.  I ordered my dress well in advance and no one should go through what I went through wondering when you were going to get a straight answer and if your dress was ever going to come.  I have read many negative reviews for this place and still gave them the benefit of the doubt. Shame on me.  Check out the Better Business Bureau (BBB).  Brides by Candalina is rated an F.  They have unresolved isssues with customers and unfortunately they really don't care. Shopping for a wedding dress should be one of the most exciting times of your life  feel free to Google this company and read the many reviews that make mine look like a compliment. If you have ever needed a dress for a wedding or YOUR wedding #enjoythefreepublicityjerk!" Good Luck with your business." "I was pleased that Candalina Bide ordered my gown as a rush and it did arrive in time for the wedding.  The downside:  the alterations were very expensive and very poorly done.  The hem looked as if a high student just learning to sew had done it and I had to make some repairs and press the hem once I got it home.  The alterations to the bodicve were incomplete and i ended up with a poor fit and lots of excess materialright across the bust.  I would order from them again I believe the manager of the store is a new owner of the location... regardless we were so happy with the appointment  and service that my mom and sister  decided to purchase their dresses from the same location.  I'm  very grateful to have found this store.  Although it looks rather unassuming from the outside All I can figure is this lady has zero patience and should not be working with the public. Sheesh!" This experience was not worth the beautiful dresses. Save yourself the headache and stay away from this establishment. Planning a wedding is stressful enough Everybody loved her wedding gown!"  the fourth dress was the one.  I knew it and she knew it.  She matched it to the exact right veil and everything fell into place.  This was honestly one of the best shopping experiences I have had in my entire life in short the women here are rude and have poor customer service and they are completely over priced!! if your a bride and don't want a headache for yourself and your bridesmaids have your ladies go somewhere else!!!!" *Important note: You absolutely MUST make an appointment to see any dresses. Especially at peak bridal time...which is almost all year except winter at this point." I look forward having my alterations made and enjoying the rest of the process."  and the mgr. who sold me the dress did not even come out of the back room she had the seamstress show me the gown and put me in it. Then she came out to deal with payment. I think I deserved some sort of compensation like 10% or a veil or SOMETHING. After 45 minutes of going back and forth they did not offer me anything or take a cent off the final price even though it was not my mistake and they caused me such distress. I would NEVER recommend this boutique to a bride unless you want added stress. There are PLENTY of other bridal salons that would be much nicer and accommodating. OH and not to mention My bridesmaids and mom ordered their dresses too without any problems.  The only thing that I can't give an opinion on is the alterations department since we used my mom's friend.  All-in-all I was super happy with my choice in dress AND the store and consultant who helped me find the perfect dress!" UPDATE:  I received a very much appreciated phone call from the owner today.  She was upset by the way we were treated and apologized profusely for our experience.  While there's nothing that can be done to change what happened to us  I thought I had for sure lost my bridesmaid's dress for my best friends wedding on 11 16.  It was at the seamstress whose business was flooded.  When I randomly called BB (I looked up the shops that sold Jim Hjelm and picked a random shop in Pittsburgh because I have always heard that Pittsburgh has kind people) x2y1d9-v6ReSXJasCagyNg I highly recommend this boutique if you'd like to have a fun  dress and shoes in hand prepared to try it on and have them fit it to my body.  It just needed to be let out a bit around the rib cage and shortened... nothing too difficult.  The woman at the desk asked me how she could help me and I said I had an appointment for a dress alteration.   She looked down at her book and was searching for my name... then two other woman came up and the one asked if I had gotten my dress there because they did not know who I was and could not see that I had purchased a dress there and they didnt have a phone number for me (Funny  but went too quickly to the point I didn't feel as if my desired style was understood. The salon was beautiful and it appeared there were many dresses to choose from (I tried on about 6 dresses in my appointment). Overall  but that's okay). She spent two hours with me and would've spent longer if there were more dresses I wanted to try on. I went to two other bridal stores in Pittsburgh after Bridal Beginning and my experience with Sam was BY FAR the best. I am an extremely petite bride and she did a killer job of pinning and clipping the size 12 dresses on my size 0 body to give me SOME idea of the actual fit (whereas other stores were terrible in this respect). The store has a huge selection of dresses. I didn't end up buying my dress because it was my first time trying dresses on and I wasn't ready to say yes I am so excited to get my dress and I will update this once I have a better idea how alterations go." The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because the place is in need of some renovations. I do believe they are expanding the store and renovating  which is a half inch on each side.  She had me stay in the dressing room while she was out front discussing my alterations with the rest of the staff.  I was tired of waiting so I went out front and it got very quiet and awkward.  Almost as if they were trying to hide something from me.  She then said the bride wanted all dresses to be 2 inches above the knee so she had to take it up a quarter inch...really?!  The cost of the alterations were $90!!!!  And I would have to leave work early to come back for TWO fittings.  I called the bride  payments and Chris in alterations was wonderful to work with.  Can't wait to go pick up the dress next week for the June 14th wedding.  Thanks for everything from your customers in Brunswick Two stars for the dress and dress selection." Because of the service (or lack thereof)  but they did come out an apologize for the wait. The girl I got was very good at listening to what I liked and pulling dresses.  We tried on several dresses and found one I would have been happy with by the end of the night. I told the attendant that I had a few more shops to visit but would like the information on the gown so that I could return to buy if I wanted to in the end. I could tell she was slightly annoyed by not making the sale that night "I took my daughter here last week to look for wedding dresses.  I think the girl who helped us was named Sarah.  She listened to my daughter and every dress she pulled hit the bullseye! She was really helpful  which was another reason why we didn't end up buying a dress here. The store seems a little outdated as well. However  I found ""the dress"" and it was all because of Samantha. She is truly talented and was wonderful to work with. Thank you to the store for such a wonderful experience!"  but with manager Lisa by my side and seamstress Amanda I wound up purchasing the dress of my dreams. Both of these ladies embody the meaning of customer service and put me right at ease. The dress transformed so much during alteration that I just fell in love and was in tears that it was everything I wanted and so much more. Thank you Bridal Beginning for being a part of my big day and for moving my groom to a tearful I love you when we did our first reveal."  you'll get no more money from us.  Buyer beware. It's no different than what you hear about other (unnamed) places that nickel and dime you with small costs and seemingly try to upcharge you for things that may not be necessary "I had an absolutely wonderful experience at Bridal Beginning. There is such a huge and varied collection of dresses. The ladies there were all so very nice and helpful. I lucked out getting to work with Sam Bridal Beginning was great every step of the way. I came in for two appointments and both of the sales professionals were wonderful. The seamstress was very attentive and helpful at all of my fittings. When I finally put the dress on at my last fitting Thank you Shakira for your outstanding service while we were there!" I would recommend future brides to come to this store.  It was just perfect!  And they also have some good deals.  The staff was nice and told me that there are deals often And I didn't have to fight traffic. Win." I will absolutely NOT get my wedding gown there. Stick to a boutique if you want real customer service." I ordered a pair of shoes with a saleslady at this location.  She was super friendly and professional.  When I went pin to pick up the shoes another super friendly staff member was there to help me! I left feeling very happy and excited for my wedding.  I should have gone here and not Northlake to buy my dress! !! Thank you David's Bridal!"  so I decided to give David's Bridal a second chance. David's Bridal Pineville-completely different experience! My consultant was a really sweet and helpful girl named Dionna. She brought all the dresses I liked online and helped me with everything! I found my wedding gown! Great!"  telling us a bride's bustle had to jump in front of us. Another WTH moment! We were fine picking it up another day but were told she was working on it and asked to wait. A very frustrating moment indeed. Someone should have come and told us that David's Bridal is definitely worth a try! My consultant  they don't have a return policy even if they send you directive items!!! I had to fight for days to get them to take back a pair of shoes I had to order from another location because the only pair they had were dirty with nasty feet prints. The so called manager made me feel like I was wasting her time the THREE times I came in to return the defective shoes. (They had rhinestones missing) She gave me the worst run around telling me I can only make an exchange. She had absolutely no compassion for me and wanting a pair of beautiful wedding shoes. She offered to fix the shoes by gluing some random stones on with some silver glitter.....it looked like trash. Finally after about a week of going back and fourth Today 6 2 14 I made a appointment to get fitted for a bridesmaid dress. The minute I walked in the staff was super nice. Samantha G. helped me find the exact dress I needed!! Thank you for a positive experience."  not sure what to expect but Samantha was there and was just as gracious and courteous as during my initial purchase. I explained my situation and she immediately spent time with me finding  veil more to my liking. The one I picked was slightly less than the original and she was just  concerned for my happiness with the veil. Again  the women at the front was still rude. Another lady came up to me and told me to pick up my dress and to follow her to the back. Which i was agrevated already for their attitude. Once in the back i was already shaking and very close to cry for this experience. I open the bag where my dress was and i was so dissapointed. My dress was really wrinkle and non of their staff helped me to put on my dress to makr sure it fitted. This was the worst experienced ever and to realize that i brought them bussiness. My dress was very expensive and on top of that i have all 7 bridesmaids bying their dress with them. I will not recommend David's Bridal store in Pineville. Their corporate should train their personnel and increase  their customer service. And of course the person that sold me dress didn't work there anymore....."  she's the most helpful and sweet out of everyone in this store! Other associates are rude!" Will recommend her to everyone I know that is getting married or needs a dress." I worked with Stacie today and she was amazing! I showed her a few pictures and the dresses she brought back were great. Stacie found the perfect dress for me and made the experience one that I'll never forget. Thank you Stacie! "A couple of weeks ago my mom and I went here in search of my wedding dress and Shanice was amazing! She listened to what I wanted and found great dresses for me to try on. We did end up finding The One and it was such a great  I had to take it to another seamstress in order to make the dress fit properly. I am thoroughly disappointed with the quality of the work especially for the amount of money I paid on both the dress and alterations."  even refuse me to take a look at that. He said I should go to their website to take a look at the dress not in store. He said he didn't want to take the plastic out and I don't buy it. Very rude and unprofessional  and really knew his stuff! We found my dress in about an hour & had a great time!" "Brandy was THE worst. She helped me after returning from her lunch break and she REEKED of cigarettes. I showed her 4 photos of the style of dress I was looking for and she remarked that I ""probably needed to go somewhere and get it tailor-made"" She then pulled two dresses that looked nothing like what I wanted. While taking off the last dress SmxYzoYDxMRMahF-PO7gHg Cherletta was very sweet and patient. She helped get me my dress online so I wouldn't have to buy a dress of the rack for my wedding. Had a great experience!  and very good at what she does. Even though I couldn't find THE dress because I had my heart set on a Mori Lee gown Do not get your alterations done at this location ! They charge at least $50 more for bridesmaids alteration of a short dress. The hem wasn't even touched and they charged me $90. All the other bridesmaids were able to go to a different location and paid $50 for the exact same thing. Even though they will say each one is different ... My identical twin alteration was $40 less. I paid when I shouldn't have just left and brought it somewhere else. Got my dress back in a month ... Way too tight around top. Took it to someone else and they fixed it. It was a $120 simple strapless dress. And they called it difficult ... Yea right. They lack skills. go to any other location.  please work on making your clients have a better experience... Stop rushing them Omg I wrote a whole review for the wrong store! Forgive me haha I also don't know how to delete this so I updated it and took away my 2 star review "David's Bridal is fine. They have all of the expected. The staff is fine. Nobody really goes out of their way for you. It is just a fine experience. I would recommend getting your dress altered somewhere else. David's Bridal wanted to charge my bridesmaids $100 and make them wait a month to just shorten the hem. Just save yourself that headache and take is somewhere else for cheaper and faster alterations. With the majority of my bridesmaids out of town  why not? I ended up falling in love with the second dress I tried on and going home with it for under $500. Shanice was amazingly helpful and really listened to what I wanted The pricing wasn't as horrid as I thought it would be. Jessica was very kind and talk me through the payment and things like that  she remembered the Bride to be from a previous visit a month ago. She also remembered most of previous dresses tried on.  Her patience was remarkable. With such a huge selection it's amazing she knew all the inventory. She was really awesome. The place was a madhouse with all the proms  I headed to this David's location. Sam was WONDERFUL! She made me feel comfortable from the very first second. I ended up getting my dress with Sam's help and I could not be happier. Highly recommend!"  she's in love. And we love the guy that help us with the dresses. But definitely NOT that gentleman at the front. When we getting ready to leave. He still have that same face. Whoever puts him there "I drove over an hour & half to this location to try on a formal dress that they had in my size.... I am so glad I did 'cause I found the perfect dress !  EACH and EVERY staff member was absolutely magnificent!!!!  I felt like I was in ""pretty woman"" with how much help I was getting to find a dress I  loved !  Just goes to show you they're not just all about the bride here.  I truly can't say enough about how wonderful my experience with them was!  I would make the drive again in a heart beat to work with them again.  Thanks again  my visit yesterday was the one to write a review about. I walked in without an appointment to just browse for a wedding dress. A lady at the front greeted me with a smile and ask if she could help me. I told her I was just looking and ask for a specific style of dress for my upcoming beach wedding. She called Dyana over who took care of me from there. One of the sweetest people I've ever met  I bought a bridesmaids dress from the store online after talking with a sales associate on the phone. After receiving it and trying it on the dress was too big on top and not worth altering especially knowing the alterations costs would be really high. I had been assured that I could return it so I brought it into the store to return. The sales associate proceeds to tell me I can't return it and I'll have to mail it in (stores still do that??).  However the person I spoke with on the phone never once told me that stipulation or suggested if I ordered it through her then I could return it to the store. So I asked how to return it and he didn't know. Said oh go online I'm sure there's something you have to fill out and then he walked off. I mean come on?? Now I should have read the return policy before ordering Needless to say I did not buy my dress here and the customer service was not what I expected at all after having had a great experience and NY bridal." I am really happy that I decided to go with Beautiful Brides over any of the chain bridal shops. I would highly recommend them to anyone who is looking for a wedding dress."  they are overly adamant about no picture taking. I was in with my sister dress shopping because our mother was over seas and would not be back until just before the wedding. The lady would not even let me take a picture to send to my own mother! Her reasoning was because we could go make the dress or have someone else make it... Like what the actual hell. I highly recommend NOT going here. Brides and Belles in Reedsburg is where it's at!" But I should note that overall I felt their staff tried to hard to up-sell me while I was there. I know it's to be expected but it was a bit much since I knew exactly what I wanted. They also were not clear about how long it would take for my dress to arrive. I paid express shipping to have my dress arrive in ""late April/early May"" according to the sales woman. It was very stressful when my dress did not arrive until July about a month before my wedding. I had to call several times since they were not very responsive and I was also planning my wedding from out-of-state so this mess up added a lot of unnecessary stress." I just wanted to write this review to let everyone know how truly pleased I am that I visited Beautiful Brides.  Believe me I do wish they would've provided a corset/waist cincher but other than that  but I had the worst experience of my life at this place.  The owner is the rudest lady I've ever met and I really don't know how they manage to stay in business providing the type of dishonest service that they do.  I had been warned about the bad service before I went there  I Do offered great service from the minute my mother and I stepped in the door.  We came without an appointment and they accommodated us anyway.  Kacee helped us pick out dresses  and the dresses I did like were all reasonably priced. (All of the dresses I chose were under $700.) But in recapping I Do I Do with the moms afterwards They do have a good selection. They just need better staffing."  though.  If you're looking for something you've seen in one of those wedding magazines The reason for the 4 stars is because I went back the next week to the Bridesmaid side and the girl I got was completely blah...she neglected to clamp the girls dresses when they needed it  but I seriously regret buying from them.... you vote with your dollars oQq14GDCo2lb9E0NB2LRhw  so enough time to get it tailored correctly.  Definitely advise brides to order as far in advance as possible "I came here looking to have my bridesmaids try on dresses. I'd called before hand to make sure they had the right dresses in stock and they said they did. But when I arrived oQq14GDCo2lb9E0NB2LRhw Lillian Lottie's # is 480.941.6041.  Highly recommended!"  I dont know why someone said dont try trying anthing on unless your a size 6. I am a size 12 and had so many options I had a hard time deciding at first. I found the dress of my dreams somewhat  in my price range and then they gave me 10% off for off the rack (in which the dress was in perfect condition).  I dont know about delivery time becasue i bought off the rack I had to choose a chain store by default for my wedding dress as my bridal party and other family members are spread throughout four different cities in two separate states Recently I revisited looking for a cheap evening gown. Only bonus: everything is in stock so you can try on the actual dress despite your size. HOWEVER Qxeh_4jjc9GfY5kSA8qwQA  great people/company to work with!"  so I decided to wait on it. I ended up finding a dress I liked better for about 1/3 of the price somewhere else. I notified David's Bridal ""thanks but no thanks"" about 6 months ago. To this day I still get calls to my cell phone asking me to ""come back in and try on the dress""... they're like the telemarketers of the bridal world! So annoying. Plus their accessories are so expensive  you should just be polite back. The level of service is not that great. They seem very rushed to get you in and out as quickly as possible while doing the least they can to help you before moving onto the next customer. We called to try to schedule an appointment for bridesmaids dress shopping  but don't let them rip you off!  Be prepared for hidden costs!"  but let me just tell you that I found my own dress on the rack ... NOT her!! It just makes my blood boil to think that this girl is going to make money off of me even though she ruined my dress shopping experience!!!!!!!"  but every dress she brought me was something that I didn't like. She seemed genuinely sorry that they didn't carry more styles in my size. Overall My sister ended up buying her dress from here but I was the one doing all the work.  They did not have any dress's pulled even though we had picked a ton of dresses online prior to our visit.  Staff was not good and very unprofessional looking employees.  Do not go to the PV location go somewhere else. My only complaint: Their call center was calling me SEVERAL times a day for a few days after I canceled my tentative appointment to come back. I thought it would stop after I didn't answer a few times. Nope. But once you tell them not to call you again  she said we were the most fun group she has had in a long time. Wedding dress shopping is usually catastrophic (especially with a Bridezilla) but this was truly a memorable experience my baby cousin and I shared. Thank you Samantha and I hope your manager sees this! 10 stars if I could!"  she did find a beautiful dress but wants to keep looking. I will say David's Bridal is nice for lower budget options and for brides who need a dress quickly."  where the consigned dresses are listed by size and she found the perfect dress."  this David's Bridal was the absolute worst. This was the first place I went to try on dresses. I went with my mom on a Wednesday afternoon a couple months ago. The store was totally empty except for us and I had an appointment. The girl who was helping us pulled out some of the dresses I had marked online. She also gave me a special bra for the fitting...but she gave me the wrong size and did not tell me it was the wrong size (I thought I was shrinking!) because they didn't have my size. Really? It is a VERY common size. So  they couldn't find it.  They searched for 10 (heart-stopping!) minutes before finally locating it.  I'd definitely suggest picking it up two days before to avoid a possible heart attack.  The funny thing is "Ugg the worst costumer service EVER!! And not only this place... They do not hire any competent people what so ever... even their managers. I had to order a bridesmaid dress since the girl at the Tucson location was incompetent. After 4 days passed its supposed arrival (wedding approaching in a week) "So first off you need to make an appointment for David's Bridal really? So I called and scheduled an appointment for 5:30 on a Weds eve I arrive at 5:30 &/ told them I had made an appointment first they couldn't find it then they said oh never mind we did & by the way you're consultant is working with another bride so you will have to wait ? Well why did I make an appointment then I asked ? they took me back and grabbed some dresses for me to try on and the girl didn't even help I got the gowns on myself so why do we need appointment? I think this place is trying to compete in a market of giving great customer service where they failed miserably the girl told me after I was there 10 min she was off in 30 min but no rush ? So why tell me then you're off when I had scheduled appointment and had to wait very disrespectful of my time not helpful i would not recommend. If I was their corporate office I would rethink things they need to be more walk in friendly and respectful of people's time  Overall: I found ""the one"" here and didn't pay a crazy price for it comparatively.  It's a chain store so I didn't have super high expectations going in  Saturday. I am not looking forward to picking up the shoes I already ordered... I hope I have a better experience then." "I went to two different David's Bridals as a bride with an appointment.  Both times no one helped me - they had ""other"" appointments they needed tending to.  They did not have suggestions or any dresses in my size for me to try on.  The dresses I found on line were never available in the stores and no one returned my class.  It was really an awful experience and I'm very glad I bought my dress somewhere else."  she just clamped me up. At one point I was switching the dresses out myself. I completely blame management for overbooking. On top of that the dress I did want was 'on sale' for $550. With the discount from their advertised sale it would have been $500. Looking online it was available at $500 on their website and a plethora of other websites (so no great deal.) will not go here again or suggest anyone else do so. Will go to another location and definitely a different day of week."  DO NOT SHOP AT THIS STORE!"  the dressing rooms are small and their undergarments are cheap but do not be put off by the negative comments.  I found my dress at David's Bridal and I could not be happier."  though I'll admit that their overall reputation is what kept me from starting here in the first place. But I cannot say enough good things about the ladies at this location and my overall experience."  deserves all the credit for finding it for me. She knew what I was looking for and she suggested dresses I didn't even think to try on.  I expected to pay thousands of dollars for such a beautiful and unique designer gown.  Alterations are very affordable "Wow! So since we were on a budget we decided to go to the warehouse. I made an appointment 4 days before we would be there (coming up from prescott)  and was able to get in no problem. When I got there I was immediately greeted and met with my consultant Rhonda. Oh Rhonda! She took everything I said into consideration! I was set on the trumpet style dress If I could give no stars I would. Will be contacting manager and corporate."  I had much better experiences at other bridal shops."  my dress had been cut way too short!! You could see my ankles. And then when I pointed it out the seamstress kept arguing with me. She told me I had used the wrong slip (which the manager later assured me I hadn't) and telling me that was how it was supposed to be. Finally the manager came back to rectify the issue and ordered me a new dress. But while getting the new dress bustled the seamstress decided to do a more complicated bustle without consulting me  which is okay since I wasn't 100% sure what I was looking for. Lucky for me I tried on 3 dresses and the 4th one was ""the one.""  After I walked around in the dress for about 15 minutes waiting for her to come back (there were only two other people in the store- I'm sure it was a sales tactic though) I went on and made the purchase (a size too large as the seamstress came out and convinced me to do as I was making the most emotional purchase of my life) but that's neither here nor there I could not have asked for or have even DREAMED of such an experience. I am SO grateful to Jennica and the staff at the PV David's Bridal. I am bringing my MOH here for her own dress appointment "Best experience ever. Jennica was my stylist and she was so adamant about finding the perfect dress for me and was able to nail it on the first dress she chose  or you will likely miss it in the store. For the styles you like - when online select the color and size to ensure its in stock. I really wish I had done this. I only wrote down one that I really liked. I learned that they only have it 10 sizes too big  so she called around it to nearby stores to try to find it for me in stock. She found the dress I needed at a nearby store and had them hold it for me for the next 48 hours. She was wonderful and how to make a stressful experience much much easier for me. I will definitely be recommending her specifically and the store in the future!"   sizes and prices.  When our bridesmaids dresses popped up on the David's Bridal website for cheaper  Randi (make sure you ask for her) was great! Not only was she knowledgeable about all the dresses and shades of white she was a master diplomat as she helped me steer through various opinions. I had such a great experience my bridesmaids and I even came back later to get their dresses from this store. Naturally we asked for Randi. Randi stayed after her shift to make sure all my girls were happy with our options and they were!" "My mom and I went into the PV location in search of a mother-of-the-bride dress... I should first mention that this was technically our second go-round. We initially visited the Ahwatukee location (via appointment) and didn't have the best experience (reps were less than helpful and the selection was pretty limited). Now My daughter and I came in looking for dress shoes that they had advertised and they were rude and didn't even have them! Had better luck at focus and they were NICE and same shoes for 45.00! When my daughter gets married we won't come here!  and will forever be indebted to their incredible team." DO NOT USE THEIR ALTERATIONS DEPARTMENT!!! Those women are extremely extremely rude  drive to fashion square it's 100 times nicer and the employees are much friendlier."  and KIND that I was brought to tears on my car ride home when I thought about what a fantastic experience I had with her being my stylist. She even helped me figure out how I would do my hair and was so touched when I found my wedding dress that she teared up! Awwww! I will remember this day for the rest of my life... VERY impressed with David's Bridal and Casey and totally happy with my selections. I love my beautiful Vera Wang gown and new friend! :)"  came and helped us. #4: We told her our thoughts about Kaci and she tried to justify her actions. WRONG. She should have just apologized to us and for Kaci's actions and that's it. Katie was helpful though and patient as any bridal consultant should be. The only reason we would come back here is because we think the bride found the dress "I wish I could give this place 0 stars. We ordered brides maids dresses from this location and from the try on appointment to the pick up of the dresses today our experience has been a disaster. Rude "Horrible customer service!  My daughter ordered a dress in a size two that fit perfectly when she ordered it.  The dress she received was a size two but swims on her.  After waiting and waiting on someone to assist us The alterations departure is the rudest group of people  I have ever met. Not to mention they did the WORST job altering my bridesmaid's dress. It looked terrible and was only completed 2 days before the wedding leaving me absolutely no time to get it fixed. I wish I had taken my dress somewhere else. What's the point of making an appoinment when no one helps you.. I'm assuming that other people with or without  appointments were looking for more expensive dresses.. Absolutley ridiculous...  it's not like I bought a size 10 and suddenly needed a size 0. I had maybe lost 2 dress sizes. They told me to call the Scottsdale location to see if they had any open appointments. I didn't even bother. An alterations shop recommended to me by multiple people (and has a 5-star review on Yelp) was able to get the dress altered in five days (yes It took over an hour from our appointment time to even get the dresses we wanted to try on. During that time we found two pair of shoes to get along with the dress.  The one thing she did try to sell us was $179 to shorten the dress and $20 to bring up the sleeves. So basically they will charge you more to alter the dress than the cost of the dress itself!   I refused to give this store any sale for their lack of service!" I'm going to spend hundreds of dollars on these two dresses + alterations. Is it asking so much to get some decent customer service?!" "Jennica was such an amazing sales lady! She helped me from me getting my wedding dress to my bridesmaids and everything u can think of! She is honest  and was present when I picked up my dress. She never offered us a discount on the dress or the alterations I bought my wedding dress here. They were really good to work with and I love my dress.  put on my dress and is the wrong size. What a waste of time. I travel 4 hours round trip to be treated like an inconvenience and wasn't offered a bottle of water for my trouble of now waiting for yet ANOTHER dress to arrive." We had a really good experience with Diana. She was so accommodating and very pleasant to work with- very helpful and a true professional. "Not sure why there is so many negative reviews - I was very pleased with the service at this location. I needed a wedding guest dress for an upcoming wedding in Cancun and I've looked everywhere - Nordstroms 