Oh! If you want separate bills- ask when you order. It's much smoother that way."  that's what I recall).  Made me think of the beautiful mahogany furniture I remember as a child living in the Philippines."  two soups and some kid friendly dishes with Indian spices.  I loved the food and some of the dishes were pretty spicy yet delicious.  There are also some 'Indian tapas' choices which I may try next time  which makes for a much heavier meal.  When it's baked it's fantastic.  When it's fried it's just ok.  And sometimes the rice is a little undercooked (crunchy).  But overall a great The location that was at Park and Woodlawn is closed already.  The WT Harris location is still going strong. The service was ho-hum...I really don't think I will ever be back due to the little critter issue...I hope they figure that out I prefer to go at lunch since it is a buffet and I can have a little of everything (plus fresh fruit for dessert). I went once for dinner but it was more expensive and took a long time. Good Indian food and a great value for lunch. o-ELjRFSkN_FSyoRLF0DSw ULvDCr7r9sMU1iSwgTHXsA  and both of our entrees were tasty (my husband had the chicken tikka masala and I had a mild lamb dish in cream sauce. The jasmine rice was beautiful and well cooked  sometimes just tossed in a bag. Here they do it right. Garlic naan bread in house is better than to go. Unfortunately they wrap it in tinfoil and it sweats and loses any of it crispy outer crunch. Chicken tikka marsala has just enough cream and spice to hit all my F spots (you know like a G spot  for some odd reason my other friend did." This restaurant has my stamp of approval as my favorite Indian food in the Phoenix area."  that my food could have been contaminated with rat droppings and then my stomach started hurting.  Which is unfortunate because I probably won't be back Cool little shop that is attached to the restaurant But all and all my experiences here have always been very good. Great Indian food in Phoenix."  even the first time I went I ordered chicken curry (I'd never had indian food) because it was a safe bet. The man asked me if I wanted an order of naan or rice and I didn't really want to order anything else. He said ""well how are you going to eat the curry? with a spoon?"" and brought me a basket of bread on the house. He knew I was trying something for the first time and wanted me to enjoy my experience. I've been back quite a few times and tried just about every other Indian place in town "I think this place maybe the best Indian food in the valley but if compared to the DC area  I've got to get this on my rotation soon!"  I think it's a toss-up. The things that I like about Delhi Palace are the things that my old stand by place doesn't do well. I'll definitely be back I will definitely be back one of these days to try something from the menu (bengan bhartha Have to agree with Elizabeth L. about getting some good Indian food in Phoenix!"  and an atmosphere that will embrace you like a vampire who feeds off of stress instead of blood." "Really good Indian cuisine. Beautiful interior and great food. They'll give you the option of how spicy you want your food on a 1-10 scale. They appear to have a buffet option  perfect for a quiet and economical meal.  I will certainly be back soon... and will consider becoming a regular." I poped in for a quick lunch yesterday knowing they would probley have a buffet. they are'nt overly cheery to have you as a customer not that there rude there is no emotion at all....so i was told to take any table and off i went to the buffet you better be ready for chicken because thats the protien du jour one of the chicken dishes was quite tasty the other tandori was dry the spinich dish was good along w/the naan the food was not bad but when i paid it was 11$ a bit pricey....no...alot pricy for the selection of dishes.....maybe there dinners are better but i most likly wont return to find out Avoid the lunch buffet.  Excellent Chicken Tikka Masala. They lost a star for the failure to tell us we had fifteen minutes to enjoy the buffet and for being a little lagging on the refilling of drinks." The naan rocked.. its large and enough for 3... I just always feel at a buffet per norm.. I dont get my moneys worth.. I dont eat alot.. So I sample when at buffets... this lunch buffet  and vegetarian dishes Indian Delhi Palace offers - they have complete dinners for under $20.  For instance I had a great experience here and I'm sure anyone else who enjoys Indian Cuisine would as well."  I need a freaking booth. I need my own little eating sofa. I need to be able to kick off my flip flops under the table and sprawl out like I'm enjoying their delicious naan on my own little loveseat. That's what I need "went here with my bf and his friend. came in at 7pm. took 10 minutes for someone to even realize we walked in the door..then took about 35 min to even get our food. they didn't seem very friendly. luckily  this place has the best Indian Buffet in town... if you're into that sort of thing (wink)."  and affordable as well.  My wife and I get it to go.  It travels very well.  I've had better Naan  and extras to take home we were satisfied."  I advise you to become a patron of any other indian place in the valley but this one." Anything with cauliflower"  the Indian Delhi Palace building also has a large banquet room upstairs that Nick showed us upon our inquiry... it has a capacity of 250 and it's really nice.  Future Yelp event potential Drawback: kinda pricey. Not a good place for cheap take-out.  I ordered out for 3 and it cost $50!!!"  and we were quite impressed! I can't wait to try their lunch buffet." "Very bad food and very bad service.  Don't even think about going for buffet  because I only crave Indian when I'm hungover and full flavored (not diet) ice cold coke is a hangover necessity. I'm not going to pay for each one I down "Rand H. and myself went here for lunch today.The place is big and very nicely decorated it is probably one of the more fancier Indian restaurants.They had your typical Indian buffet items that were all good [p.s. i'm now officially amused that i just said i wished a place was less nice. don't really hear that too often...]" Tasty and reasonably priced food and beer. A little hard to park but worth the maneuvering. And they have a rocking grocery store attached to it so you can make your own! "As good as it gets.... I went there years ago and never went back.... My stepson's girlfriend took us there and we absolutely loved it.... Being of Indian Punjabi origin My hunny promises he will be my guinea pig." Plain and Garlic Naan - both good but the garlic one kicks it up a notch." Really great restaurant!" "Nice little lunch buffet at a fair price. They had a fantastic chick pea salad and I really liked the Tandori Chicken and rice pudding. I even got a $5.00 off coupon on their website .  I would have preferred that they would have used boneless chicken but it was still good.  I also liked the rice pudding!  As my friend Jessica F stated  with nice decor. The service was friendly and quick. The waiter was a pro and we loved one to ten spicy-scale for our dishes. I ordered Veggie Korma Had the buffet.  Loved it!  Food was hot but not overcooked like so many buffets.  Will be back again.  you get a ton of different types of food to try.  The naan is great and piping hot.  I will say that their chicken tikki masala is not my favorite but overall for the ambiance  but who knows.  This is a good excuse to venture out and try some more of the valleys offerings in this arena."  and your experience will be 5-stars.  Attempt the buffet at your own risk..." Too many better options to want to come back here..." This place has beautiful decor.  A romantic place for a darkened corner meal for you and that special someone who loves Indian food.  You could curry up some real heat in this place."  very authentic. We love the garlic naan and every main dish we have ever ordered have been flavorful and delicious.  We like the fact that each of us can order our own degree of spiciness.  The atmosphere is charming and the service has always been warm and friendly. We highly recommend the Indian Delhi Palace." I  just ordered Malai kofta a vegetarian dish. The quantity was so little for the price and it was really salty. But the chicken biryani I ordered along  with it was not bad.  I still would not be ordering from this place again.  which was a bit steep considering the lack of selections (only 2 chicken dishes "My all time favorite at IDP Chicken Tikka Masala I need to come back for the lunch buffet for $8.99 sometime!" Always review relative to how much you paid. If you rate this place any less than 3 stars you are truly a snob." This was my first time eating Indian food and I am now a new  fan of it! My cousin who loves Indian food and was visiting from LA said it was the best Indian food she has ever had! The location is cool because they give you a taste of the Indian style and culture from the moment you enter the parking lot where the building has a palace shape and their is a cool looking mural on the large wall. The inside is pretty nice and the Indian cultural theme continued here with a homely feel because it is owned by one family it seemed. The chicken masala I ordered was impeccable and just my taste at a level 6 spiciness and the garlic naan was mouthwatering with the yogurt dipping sauce. The place is pretty nice but there's no need to overdress here. Best part was that they offered a 15% Yelp check in discount! Also  are delightful.  Great service and authentic.  A must try.  If you like it spicy ask for hot.  Medium wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be.  Otherwise a perfect meal."  a little bit everything on one piping hot plate.  Dessert was great too This is place is AWESOME! Don't get why it's not rated higher. They have Delicious Vegetable Curry and really good lunch buffet. The Naan is off the HOOK. Everyone I know that has eaten here loves it and this place has been awarded by NEW TIMES as well. Seriously you should come here. I usually get take out because I have small kids but the service is always great and the food is Delicious. "Decent. The dishes are somewhat bland and seem to be not quite as authentic as I have had in the past. The curry was ok and the tikka masala  yet polite and professional. a great dining spot for curry lovers. i have eaten off the menu before and thoroughly enjoyed it as well."  very tasty food! I would've given 5 stars if it wasn't for a few of those buffet items being a bit stale."  Curry chicken with a great sauce.  Another curry dish with potatoes and onions.   Of course rice and paneer which was also yummy.  A couple of simosa fritters which were a little tough but was still tasty.  Three different deserts.  Rice pudding was great to take the bite out of some of the moderately spicy  dishes.  Also a carrot pudding which if your'e Jewish reminded me of Tsimis. Not sure how to spell it.    There was also like a sponge cake ball fried crispy.  I just threw that into the rice pudding to end the meal.  The place was packed by the time we left about 1.30PM or so.  Lots of business people enjoying some heavenly treats.  Good price Awesome. Indian. Buffet.  which comes with a bit of everything. The chicken curry was by far the best curry I've eaten. But in all honesty everything from the naan to the rice to the pistachio ice cream and tea was amazing. I will definitely be back and often since the prices are pretty reasonable. I took one star off because the servers seemed bothered that we were there and weren't entirety helpful when we had questions It's located in a partially vacated strip mall on the southwest corner of 28th drive and Bell Rd. just one light west of the I-17 frwy. You might still have to squint to spot it from your car  the cycle of questions would start all over again and if that is not torture awesome food. fresh and very indian Would have done 5 stars if it wasn't for the dry chicken tikka." Every time I've been here they have quickly seated my group. The waiters are prompt but not perpetually hanging around - fantastic service  it's always nice when you find one where your medium hot corresponds to their medium hot and so on. Too many times I've ordered 4/5 for spicy and gotten a 2/5 of 6/5 (yes Tongue is dancing in delight as my cravings have been satisfied with perfectly seasoned spiciness. Food is always great and the service is very attentive... We'll go back another day.  great staff - it's family run.  Good atmosphere."  and they have awards on the wall to prove it. I'm not the only one saying this. I think there are only a few places in the valley for Indian food for me (but I haven't been to every one in the valley) -- this place came here last Saturday night with a friend. the food is very good and you get a large portion - I had leftovers for lunch the next day. my only gripe is that the naan was a little more burnt/crispy than I like. I will be back to try their weekend buffet though. I am hoping for a little bit of London here in Phoenix with this Indian Resturant. Fingers crossed!!!!  so went to the buffet line.  It seems it was the tail end of the service and everything was dried up and not fit to serve.  I visited this restaurant with a Phoenix Dining Card and never got my discount.  A complete waste of money and ruined my day. I will NEVER go back!  I will write reviews on this restaurant to make the point to treat EVERY customer well."  but others said it was good.  I loved both biryanis and the paneer with raita over it.  I also loved the naan dipped in masala sauce! SO glad it's close to home!" "Very satisfying fix for my travel-induced Indian food craving. Delicious lamb biryani and an eggplant dish the name of which I can't recall. Attentive  the hubby and I found this place randomly without me Yelping. (Which I never do now that Yelp and I have such a deep and intimate relationship.) But lo and behold  curry shrimp and garlic naan. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes. A little pricey (never had to order rice seperately) but worth it."  spicy). I have been to England and India and this place is closest I have found. If India is a 10 this place is a 9.5!! Just go and make sure you have some mango ice cream for desert (it's unlike any you have ever had)."  but waiters were too busy to be of much help to Indian cuisine newbe's." Still as good as it has been for the two decades that I have been going to Indian Delhi Palace.  though I've only tried them for lunch and don't know how and if their dinner would be different." Had the Sunday buffet which had quite a spread much of which tasted just fine. Three different types of desserts. The samosas were not kept warm which was a bummer. I also should not have to ask to have my water filled or wait some time for plates to be cleared. Service was not as attentive as I would like but the food was pretty good.  really I did.  I don't ever do Indian buffets because its guaranteed to disappoint me so I opted for the regular menu.  Delicious shrimp madras is what I got (extra spicy) and garlic naan...yummy If you are in this area of town give it a try." we discovered this place while wanting to meet up with some friends on a friday after work. the actuall resturaunt looks great but the location is in a rough neighbor hood in ph. the food was great i'd definetly go back for the shrip curry ... the one negative.. i didn't appreciete the waitors smug comment about how much food we were ordering... last i checked we were paying for it so i think we can order as much as we want.  it was like having chicken curry without chicken. Long story short the food lacked the taste that you find in good Indian cuisine..." _RBUU1y4yJrK0SPAd8z0-w  but it hardly had any garlic on it at all and tasted like it was reheated. I'm very sad because we used to go here all the time They did not make a great first impression and I don't think I will be back.  I took some friends to try Indian food for the first time. The service was not good at all. We had to go to the kitchen to get service for our drink orders. My friends enjoyed the food although I have had better.  But the naan was good.  the food was amazing. They catered to me which was amazing. I can't handle spicy food and they took that into great consideration when I asked what they had that was not only low on spiciness but also vegetarian. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal there."  we asked the waiter to order for us!!! He brought a great selection. Now the wait staff were really in need of some customer skills training. sorry to say but true. Our older gentleman waiter seemed annoyed with us because we really had no idea as what to order. Sorry. it was our first time. and next door to the place is their store where you can buy goodies  however there isn't hardly any variety what so ever for there buffet. There is one table of food and that's it and most of there food was cold and tasted exactly like those canned foods that you buy at the grocery store. Price is outrages for what they offer as I went to golden corral with my spouse "Cockroach on table (and a neighboring table). Lamb super mealy. Wine bottle ""opened"" in back and then brought to table with cork from another bottle. No apologies. Just arguments. You've been warned."  Palak Paneer. garnished with courteous service. A gem in the middle of this desert."  but I do believe that's because I was probably eating at bad places. This place has converted me! I had the Lamb Korma and my hubby had the Butter Chicken. Everything was very flavorful! The establishment is very clean and very authentic. Our service lacked I believe this is probably the best Indian food in the valley. Fantastic food and great environment. The lunch buffet is the bomb. The three different chicken dishes are out of this world. The bread the waiters bring is mouth watering and the price is very reasonable. A must go to if you like Indian food.  but the prices are WAY TOO HIGH for the small portion sizes. I feel robbed when I spend $50 on dinner for two people and probably $7 of that was their actual food cost B day party here Sunday buffet and they really tended to our table. We never had to wait for refills or naan they kept our table clear. The food is the best in town and I'll be back soon. Been eating here for the past 3 years and even though the customer service has yet to take a giant step forward I still keep stepping through their doors Great food. Great service. Give it a shot! Needed a spot close to the airport. After reading reviews was skeptical but since we were going early gave it a shot. The food was fabulous and the big shocker was the service was excellent! Many reviews found the service horrible. We were very happy with our meal here and would return. Been here almost a dozen times. Good service. Open later than a lot of Phoenix restaurants.  Never crowded or noisy.  We are always trying something different and have never been unsatisfied.  Every dish is full of  intense flavor.  A must try!!! Yes I would say this place is good. Service a little slow maybe but the quality of the food was very good. Nice atmosphere. "Stopped in for lunch on a weekday.  Service was excellent in giving advice on what is popular and what we might enjoy We crave this restaurant constantly and would recommend it to anyone who thinks they know good Indian food!"  so plan to get a cup of coffee or some other less sedentary activity so you don't immediately pass out the moment you reach home.  Trust me We were here for their lunch buffet. The chicken tendori? was very tender. Coconut dessert was good. Everything was bit too salty. Amazing food and even better service. Also has a great atmosphere where they take good care of you and do not rush you. Really nice place to sit down and have a great meal. "Really nice indian. Location could be better Great friendly and helpful service."  pleasant service. I've been here many times. Great place!"  so dinner is very hard for me.. Decisions decisions."  and the best indian food in Phoenix. Highly recommended!" "The worst service ever :( They messed up our food and we complained we go yield at. I will take my money some were else. There are plenty of Indian restaurants in the valley  and Malai Koftas of their Ala carte menu. Their Raita is really good too. The only draw back is that they charge for plain rice. Usually rice is given with curries for free. I chose to over look that glitch because the food was so good. I hope this helps!" Oh yeah ask for the garlic naan!! Yummy omg it's also free :)" Best Indian Buffet ever!!! My favorites were the naan of course and the tandori chicken. I would may be go there if no other option is available  the quality is not vwry low but it is alao not high at all" Awesome vegetarian food here. We tried shahi paneer and dum aloo . Both were awesome and naan was fantastic!!.though mango lassi was disappointing!!! Just awful. They don't care about their customers. Had a terrible experience and was afraid to step outside since the area is so sketchy  I personally like the garlic naan. One good thing is that the buffet is open till 430pm.."  and the food was great! I recommend getting one of the complete dinners if you are not familiar with what's good to order. Atmosphere is quiet and decor is a little rough around the edges "Do you want to start off by saying that this restaurant is amazing point blank period. The Chicken Biryani is the best. And the Chicken Curry is also my wife's favorite "Everything I've ordered here has been pretty good. My main compliant is that there is a great amount of variability within the same dish depending on the day. This variability includes flavors i have a little concern that they'll close down because there's not a ton of traffic through there and the space is enormous. we'll see i guess. i'll keep coming back regardless." Side note: the little store attached to the restaurant had a variety of sauces that I could only get in Australia. I will definitely be back to pick up local specialist items!" They have all the necessities for  good buffet. Thier spicy dishes are their strong suits. They have tons of flavor and decent heat. Service is fair for a buffet. I'd like to go for dinner and try out their other dishes. If the buffet is this good their made to order menu should be great." "I have to eat here every time I'm in Phoenix. The food is great and served in copper dishes; the water is always flowing  but he didn't. We added quite a bit more to his tip so he can choose to replace the vase or live with karma. :) I'm just happy to have Indian in my belly." When we flagged someone down we were told they were short staffed but still no one came over to apologize or take our order. Waited another 5 minutes and left. While we were waiting one couple waited the entire time at the register to pay their check and another man dining alone was in the same situation and walked out." "I've been here a few times for their lunch buffet. The food is good... pretty standard for Indian. Today I went with 4 coworkers and they charged us an additional 18% gratuity for a large party. First  when it is much more expensive. Why do so many Indian restaurants around here skimp on the bread and rice? Any restaurant that includes it will become my go to. The cost is minimal and cheaper than advertising. Word of mouth is what brings me to ethnic restaurants. Yelp is my reference quite frequently." Service was good and prices were reasonable."  which I enjoyed. Everything else just looked unappetizing due to the presentation. Maybe they do a better job for dinner "Not the best Indian food I've ever had  I believe The Dhaba is better quality and flavor wise but they don't have buffets and they are pricier than most Indian restaurants. Copper Kettle had better naan but this place has them beat in freshness and cleanliness." "This place was absolutely loaded with flies.  That almost made me leave.  But we totally loved the food. The chicken tikka masala and the tandoor chicken were off the hook. The garlic naan was fantastic.  As a result Consistently great eating. Yummmm!"  and a few other items. I will consider this place every few months. Its not my go-to spot." "This is an exception Indian restaurant! My fiance use to deliver clay ovens to all the Indian restaurants in the valley and said this place had the cleanest back of house! The service and food are great! I've been here for dinner several times and my go to meal is shrimp korma  but gets the job done. The ambiance is nice. As far as taste is concerned  salty left-overs from the lunch buffet.  The service was also very poor with only one other table of guests in the restaurant.  Our drinks came at the end of the meal after finally getting a hold of our inattentive waiter.  I was here many years ago before they put all of their money into the building.  I guess none of their investment stayed in the quality of the food that I remember.  I sought this place out again while on my business trip  were oily and not really creamy like they should be. Overall- inauthentic and disappointing. I've never been so full yet so dissatisfied. I told the shift supervisor so hopefully they will fix the bell pepper issue I'll probably be back since it's close to my work but I'm still looking for great Indian food in Phoenix area!" I'll probably be back since it's close to my work but I'm still looking for great Indian food in Phoenix area!" "Three words: chicken tikka masala. I've been to many Indian restaurants before and after eating here and no one even COMPARES to the chicken tikka here. We go for the buffet pretty much only for tikka masala! We ALWAYS receive extraordinary service They served beer that was expired by 6 months. Always check the date on your beer if you order. They seem to stock old beer. Mediocre food. Service can be better. I came late afternoon that maybe the reason for the bad service. Ambience was good. Overall I'd say this place has very whitewashed bland south asian food with no flavor. If you go to a lot of south asian restaurants and know what the food should taste like then do not visit this place."  so pretty inexpensive for lunch in Phoenix. The neighborhood is a little seedy Seems like they have too much business and are way too busy. I called twice asking to speak to whoever i need to to inquire about holding a party for my upcoming event. Both of the times i was told that i will be called back but they never did. I guess you dont need my business. I will be happy to take it elsewhere. Do yourself a favor...NEVER EVER GO THIS PLACE. If you are indian you will regret it. If you are not indian and trying indian food for first time then you will never try indian food in your entire life. I took chicken biriyani to go. It was worst biriyani I ever had. I drove 20 mins keeping the biriyani in passenger seat. Didn't smell anything like biriyani.  It WAS YELLOW RICE WITH SOME BOILED CHICKEN SOME SLICED JALAPEO  AND TOMATO SLICE. Biriyani was $12. They charged  $3 for raita. First time I saw biriyani doesn't come with raita. They gave green and red chutney with the biriyani.  Who the hell eat green chutney with biriyani.  I HAD TO CALL THE RESTAURANT SUGGESTING THE CHEF TO WATCH COUPLE OF YOUTUBE VIDEOS HOW TO MAKE BIRIYANI. Please please don't go this place. Very good food. We orders the butter chicken and tandori chicken. Only thing you may consider is to go spicy. I went med and it was not spicy enough for me. "$10 unlimited and quality lunch buffet with fresh naan bread brought to the table. It can't really be beat. What's extra nice is the cleanliness and decor of this restaurant. It feels much fancier than you'd think with their maroon tablecloths and dark wood furniture.  The lunch buffet is very good  sweet red honey balls and bread pudding were incredible."  which aswell wasn't re-filled at 1:00 PM."  But found bit less options compared to other lunch buffets... Good Place for a lunch and would like to go again..." If you're looking for great Indian food try Flavors of India a couple miles away. I won't be returning to Indian Dehli Palace" _RBUU1y4yJrK0SPAd8z0-w _RBUU1y4yJrK0SPAd8z0-w Excellent place to eat with a great tasting buffet! Beats out all other places around here to eat for lunch that's for sure! Love it! :-) Had Shrimp biriyani and that was horrible. Raita was not served and when asked 'so called raita' was given and was worst i ever had. Kabab was also bad. Great food and service. Ample quantity. We took a variety of people including newbies to this food. Very much recommended Everything was amazing. We had a party of eleven and we had a great time. The service was great also.  I was looking for a new indian food restaurant that could meet the standards of the one I frequented up north. This place does not disappoint. The service is exemplary and the food is phenomenal. I highly recommend the chicken korma! It's my go to whenever I go!"  stale food. Bad service. Never ever going back."  and I'll likely fail at stopping myself from eating three plates again."  el servicio excelente y la comida de 4 estrellas todo. Muy autentico The restaurant is very nice and clean. The people are very nice. I decided to try this place because it is so close to home. The buffet is nicely set up.  The food was okay. The chicken in the tikka was dry and it needed salt. The basmati rice was either undercooked or stale because it was crunchy . The food was really lacking flavor.  I have a regular go to place for amazing flavorful food. Maybe one day I'll try it again but for now I'll stick to what I know. I've had Indian food everywhere and this was just fantastic. Love their lunch buffet 11-4:30pm "This place looks amazing however compared to the the ""Delhi Palace"" on university and rural this places food was not up to par. Maybe I'm just partial but I didn't enjoy the flavored. On top of that Check them out if you are nearby and if you have never tried indian food because you are worried it's too spicy "Food here is great. I have been there several times already and am always satisfied. Seating is very nice. Area is clean and well decorated. Staff are friendly and polite. The outside isn't the greatest looking wTiQXYB9fE9rcSZDsZgbtQ Any good experiences I've ever had in this place are moot... I'm never going back to this location again." Special note - if you aren't that hungry - don't go here.  Go somewhere else where you can split your meal or take 1/2 home.  Here that 1/2 a plate of salad greens is going to cost you just as much as the guy on his 4th plate."  we were ready for 93 toppings to pick from. Upon entering I was impressed by the cleanliness of Sweet Tomatoes. Every station was stocked and ready for the pilling. I'm NOT here for a healthy salad. I want the egg Word to the wise: My roommate taught me the clever trick of getting a to-go container. Cram as much shit in there as possible and try to shut the lid. Theory is this: You probably couldn't eat it all in one sitting  it works.  Good thing I didn't read the other reviews on this location before I went  and the won ton chicken happiness salad.  I've already been 3 times since I first went a week and a half ago and still haven't made it to the soups  those choc chip cookies are all over you- i dont really get why they cant leave them at the buffet but have to have some waiter come offer them to you ever 5 seconds. if you have some will power "I was satisfied with my meal here. We have a strong lacking of buffets in San Francisco I can't believe I'm going to admit this  I can handle Sweet Tomatoes and am confident that I'll be able to rustle up something acceptable." "I don't even know why I am addicted to this place but I am. I unequivocably love Sweet Tomatoes. This buffet is great for fresh food and the ability to dine healthy if you want. I also love that our 2 year old can eat healthy for free. For salads "I LOVE this place for their salad choices. The cons are that it is quite over-priced in my opinion and their soup choices are usually very bad. Souper Salad has much better soup choices but Sweet Tomatoes has a much better salad bar. If I have a coupon I will head here for lunch otherwise I steer clear because it ends up costing close to $12 for a buffet and drink "Came here after a baseball game cause I don't think I'd ever been more hungry in my lifetime. Huge expanse of food with a wide range of choices. Had a little bit of everything The staff is really good here and this place is very clean and everyone does a great job in making sure you are getting everything you need. The only reason this place does not get 5 stars is the fact that I feel it is a bit pricey for a salad bar."  but better if you have a discount coupon. I kind of wish they give you additional access to the salad bar portion after you have been through the line and paid I don't mind forking out a few more dollars at Sweet Tomatoes because it is higher quality & a better selection The Sunday paper usually have them or you can subscribe to their email list and they'll send you the discounted deals. :)" Sign up for their ""Club Veg"" to receive coupons. I never go here without one & it makes it a pretty good deal when they have their buy 1 get 1 free coupons."  and You can choose anything you want and eat as much of it as you like. They always have fantastic coupons that you can have emailed to you on line or find in the paper. The price is right. The food is always just made. They are very friendly and they even have Sunday breakfast now.  It is great for the whole family everyone will find something they like. The best thing is it is Super healthy. Love it always." wTiQXYB9fE9rcSZDsZgbtQ Family favorite.  Could have a few more salad options on the salad bar.  My very favorite is the broccoli salad. They have some delicious chocolate chip cookies too. Not a big fan of the cheese they use in the foccocia bread. Overall a decent place for lunch or dinner. "It doesn't always have to be fancy schmancy to satisfy my hunger.  I much prefer Sweet Tomatoes to other salad bar joints because their ingredients are fast superior. They have several types of greens and the toppings can include fresh beets  you cannot beat the choices.  Bathrooms are somewhat clean. I am sure it is hard to deep up with it all the time. Lots of parking in the lot."  she doesn't even want to come here again.  That says a lot to me."  and now I feel old. I feel even older when I realize that I used to come here thinking I would eat a huge salad and then I'd eat a plate of blueberry muffins. And corn muffins. And all the other muffins. I've had a few of their soups that I've enjoyed  try to get the kids drink cups.  They offer free refills on future visits." There really isn't anything spectacular about Sweet Tomato. You'll find your average old people soup salad and ice cream was really tasty  service is always excellent"  but I give it the bump for the soft-serve ice cream machine -- not to mention the warm snicker-doodle cookies they brought to our table."  creamy and without any flavoring.  The lady at the registered dropped 2 large stacks of glasses (all glasses are plastic or paper).  She and others picked them up from the floor and stacked them back up.  I watched as they gave them to the new customers.  What do you think would be on a floor? There is always lots of food but they obviously care nothing about food temperatures or bacteria on their dishes. I will not be returning."  and outstanding staff both on the floor and behind the counters!!  Can't say enough about being proud that being a ""towner"" that my friends/family drive in specifically to eat at this particular Sweet Tomatoes." Don't go in expecting the meal of your life; go in because the food is lighter and healthier and pretty reasonably priced."  I love Sweet Tomatoes.  So it wouldn't bother me if one food container is spilling or if the cabbage isn't the freshest.   I just wouldn't eat cabbage that day.  There are so many options (and 2 sides to the salad bar!).  Super delicious "I love Sweet Tomatoes!  I always get great service from this location especially.  All of the workers are so nice and always have a smile on their faces.  I really appreciate that.  Plus Will I return to Sweet T's? Magic 8 ball says probably variety of greens perfect" "I've only been to one other Sweet Tomatoes and this one is above par to the usual one we go to.  I like their layout and tables Garden spaghetti was one of the best I ever had Join ""Club Veg"" for updates and coupons via e-mail." Most Xs their soups r flavorful & deliciously appealing w/ a nice selection 2 choose from (potato/leek a personal fave) & usually their tapioca pudding is perfect w/ the right consistency. My companion really enjoys the foccacia bread(s) & the servers r always very nice & accomod8ing which is not always the case other loc8ions. I'd steer clear of the caramel topping as it tastes like some1 puts salt in it & isn't complimentary in passing 4 what it's supposed 2 b w/ bit of a funky after~taste  so I always come prepared with a coupon on hand. They come once a month in your mailbox. Else sign up and get your coupons electronically and you are set. You basically save on cost of the beverage That obviously wasn't the only place where they were cutting corners in regards to cost; the ice cream cones were the smallest I've ever seen in my life  if you want to stop in for something a little healthier for lunch/dinner. Meh C+"  but Sweet Tomatoes came highly recommended by some family members for a healthy place to go have some soup and salad quickly.  We stopped in one night and really liked it.  The homemade soup selection was plentiful and made it hard to decide which one to try.  The salad bar was huge  but .60 cents! ....Whoa!  We always use the coupons that we get in the mail!  ...PLEASE bring back the red bell peppers!!!  :(" Everything is always fresh and yummy! I eat here monthly and I am never disappointed!!!! Great food! Great service!!!  but get seconds on the cornbread. Maybe bring some headphones and listen to a podcast. You won't regret it."  I wish it was more affordable so I can have lunch here everday.  Such a huge variety there" So sad to hear that this location will be closing at the end of November. Have eaten here for years and it has been a great place to take my elderly parents. Anybody have any suggestions on a dependable weekday buffet restaurant in the central Phoenix area? Will there be a new CenPho location opening Very upset this place has closed. Please come back! One of the few places in town where you can get healthy take-out. "CLOSED for good.  Lost their lease "Closed?  Someone tell the Sweet Tomatoes Marketing department.  I got the flyer in the mail today 12/31/14  maybe last moth. Had to go to Boston Market around the corner. Good Egg is closed too." I love the ambiance and think its cool that there is a bar there too.  The owner is very gracious and accomodating.  The food was very fresh and I like spicy...which is how they made the food.  I like the Bollywood videos and the ornaments around the room.  Very comfortable and good food!  hmmm...I don't really know what they say in India. So My only true complaint about the place is the decor and the music.  I have come in on a few occassions and the place looks dirty Give it a try and see what you think."  it''s a buffet and it's lunch.  Nobody has time to wait around for a piece of tandoori chicken.  Buh bye." LYyGQgL60VKdV-p_9OxmWQ I have not cared for the lunch buffet much.  I prefer to order my favorites off the menu."  it was almost lunch time! I remembered that there was an Indian restaurant close to me that I had been meaning to try. I headed to Flavors of India to try their lunch buffet. I walked in and I was immediately greeted. I noted the Bollywood videos playing in the background  I have always gotten it at no extra charge and the portion of entree does require more rice.  Always order Garlic Naan "We went with friends who love this place.  Incredibly friendly and patient service that presents fabulous LYyGQgL60VKdV-p_9OxmWQ  always a Bollywood film playing in the background.  I've been going to this place for 5+ years and I have never had a bad experience.  Ever." What can I say? I've been coming here for years for a reason... The food is fabulous. Lunch time buffet for $10 all you can eat. The best tandoori and mango losi you will ever have. The atmosphere is perfect. Indian TV is soooo cool. ;)  I'll be coming back again and again. "Lunch is a great deal at Flavors of India: buffet style with an excellent variety of food. Dinner is more expensive. Their food is very good except for anything with beef in it. Honestly  and the best part of the dining experience is the Bollywood music videos playing on the flat screen!  Dinner and Entertainment all in one!  FTW!!!  I can't wait to go back!" The place is owner run and they are polite and attentive. Indian movie dance scenes run the background on a TV set a volume that does not interfere with your conversation and you can get in and out quick between meetings if you need to. Your guests who picked carefully on their first trip return to the table with a second  friendly service. The atmosphere is peaceful and the wonderful scent of spices is in the air. They make the food to order LYyGQgL60VKdV-p_9OxmWQ When I lived in Phoenix this was the favorite destination for Buffet of anyplace in town. Always economical and delicious. Reasonably good service and air conditioned. The dining room can be quiet and intimate when the place isn't in buffet mode and is reasonable for a date.  but good-I liked the spices they used on them.  The huge plus was they put fresh herbs on the dish.  The prices were reasonable for two dishes See me there at lunch real soon :)"  I dont recommend making a special trip to find FOI.  It's not that good. But if you're in the neighborhood  including multiple appetizers. The food is prepared quickly. It's not the prettiest of restaurants but it has it's interesting Indian decor with a twist of Mexican thrown in. At least that's my impression. I don't like that they are closed on Sundays LYyGQgL60VKdV-p_9OxmWQ "Let me start by saying I'm not a huge Indian food fan  with their psychedelic colors and lavish garb. Many of the serving trays make extensive use of aluminium foil which I doubt meets health code."  and the Bollywood videos.  Quick tip most Indian restaurants will serve the mild version for us Westerners unless you specifically ask otherwise.  I can't blame them given the bland tastes of most Sonorans.  My mom actually had a conversation with an Indian woman recently about this place.  The woman said that she kept trying other restaurants but kept coming back to this one because of the authenticity.  I consider that a pretty good recommendation.  Although I imagine what is considered ""authentic Indian food"" varies from one region of India to another." After reading other reviews (Mainly Lisa O's) I would consider trying this place after the buffet is put away. But until then I may go try it one more time and order off the menu for dinner. Give it a fair chance before completely ruling it out."  that i basically only ever go for dinner I wasn't that it tasted bad... It just wasn't particularly awesome or memorable. Excluding the couple of saving graces of the aloo tiki (fried potato & Indian cheese fritters) & kheer (rice pudding)  which is a plus for an Indian restaurant."  and eat Indian food all day for about $10. If your looking for some good Indian food or never tried it and are looking for some variety  and my husband loves the BollyWood videos. How can you go wrong?"  and the standard size feeds 2 easily with rice and naan. They used to give me a bit of a hard time for always getting the same thing  it was mostly empty and it just didn't feel good to eat there.  The food was okay but the experience was not enjoyable. Too bad...we used to enjoy it.  But based on my most recent experiences Who cares if you know what I mean - FOUR STARS!"   its better in house when its warm still but tasted good. Some of  the appetizers did not travel so well we ordered chicken pakora and it was very odd with strange little pieces of mystery meat with soggy breading. the vegetable pakora was OK and did stay a little crispy and the veg samosas stood up the best of the three and were tasty. All the portions very very generous  I saw the staff bring fresh stuff several times and it tasted great. The place smelled just amazing- I think my sweater smelled like Indian food for two days (in a good way!). The staff were very attentive and helpful This was my first time here. It was a nice experience.. And I found that I really like Indian food ! Good stuff ! "Wide range of vegetarian options. Great chicken tikka masala! Very friendly and attentive staff. If you're into Bollywood  half paneer) and they have a great mango lassi that doesn't taste like it came out of a premade tub.  Little pricey though." "Come here for the buffet every once and a while generally bring a coworker or two as I think this place makes for a pretty good introduction to Indian food.  The naan is always hot and fresh  but I think I'll try some other local places first before returning."  very tasty average Indian food. It would definitely earn another star or two if someone in the kitchen made an effort to cook with health in mind. It's really not hard." I was really impressed overall and I love supporting local businesses like this one." Tasty when they haven't run out of food on the buffet. Dirty and full of roaches. I wish I had taken my can of Dow Bathroom Cleaner to spray on the mens room door. Health department says they've take legal action. The employees sit at the bar and drink and talk on cell phones and watch t.v. "I only stopped in for takeout.  The employees were very helpful and attending while I waited.  The restaurant was slow to middlin' for a Friday evening - but the smell was mouthwatering from the parking lot.  My food was fantastic and the nice sized portions ($11 or so for my meal   I think they were the bus boys but they came by to clean a table next to us and liberally spayed Windex all over the place so that added a nice flavor to our food and he then decided the carpet on the front part of our table needed vacuuming right then and there so he broke out the vacuum and went to town for about five Min's I used to eat here all the time. It's been a hot minute. Today having lunch at their once great lunch buffet was horrid. The rice was dry and crunchy. The food was of poor quality. The tomato chicken tasted like beef jerky . On top of all that the services was horrid. I had to actually get up from the table and walk over to the bar were there was 5 waiters standing around and talking to ask for a refill of soda. They acted like it was such a bother and barely said two words to us. Never going back again Very good food. Very good prices. And the staff are very friendly.  I can only imagine what the kitchen might look like. I definitely can't imagine going back!"  especially the nan which was brought to my table fresh and hot.  I have eaten here many times before but not lately. Some days they have stuff I like better than other days but it is always pretty good." My absolute favorite is the lamb vindaloo while my husband has chicken korma and my daughter goes for the chicken tikka masala and a mango lassi. Don't forget the rice pudding (kheer) for dessert. You won't be disappointed!!!"  should have gotten to this review; because I am a fan of this restaurant.  Love the Rice Pilao; every time must get this dish.  All the curry dishes are great; especially for someone who dines with people who either don't like spicy or crave spicy dishes; they will adjust to your taste.  Been here about 5-6 different times every time left very satisfied and ready to go back."  and my husband REALLY enjoys the Bollywood music videos. Hmmm... could it be the completely gorgeous Indian women dancing around in saris?"  Little dry but still good.  My favorite is there Palak Paneer. Great for the vegetarian.  I have also tried there lunch Buffet for 11.00.  I give a Thumbs up..  Good LYyGQgL60VKdV-p_9OxmWQ I love Indian food although I cannot eat it everyday since the spices and my stomach don't get along very well. But when I do get my monthly Indian fix it better be good taking into consideration the next couple of won't be pleasant for me. Flavors of India does the trick for me and their food and flavors are awesome and unique.  Keep up the good work guys.  the Flavors is in a exasperated area." Excellent food...nice and spicy (when requested)! We have gone twice and being Indian...I can recommend this place as a good source for a buffet and selection of food. The malai kofta is AMAZING!!! "It's fine. The dining area is too dark and the lunch buffet is mediocre. I have a feeling dinner is a better bet than lunch  the decour was great and more importantly the food was great! I had the lamb Marsala (mild) and found it delicious. My husband enjoyed his meal too. This place is definately on our list of places to go." "I mostly do take out. I love the food and the service. I have tried a lot of Indian restaurants but their Samosa  that hit the spot.. the restaurant is dim and loud from nearby tables but cute and comfy..we will be back and I'm not sure I would even waiver from my original selection it was that delicious... feel safe with this selection on flavor and atmosphere but step out of the box for more flavor with the spices....." one of the best I have had"  a friend suggested this place..i was skeptical because its hard to find good indian food places..however once i tasted the food i was delighted Don't ever order chilly chicken here." "This was the Indian restaurant I would often frequent when I lived in Phoenix. The three stars I give this place reflects my mixed feelings about it. I tend to gravitate to Indian restaurants that offer excellent lunch buffets   gravy we ordered was full of water and tasted like crap. First learn to talk decently with your own country men  period. It's a little pricey  Cuban and Mexican food -  if you're looking for good Indian food in the Central corridor  and it separates easily so the fat floats on the top. I'll have to find another restaurant to sate my chicken tikka cravings."  or the really good Indian Market with a buffet on 7th street near Thomas."  with booths available. Lighting is toned down to a comfortable level and the TV screen playing Bollywood dance videos had the sound turned down.  I enjoyed pretty much every item in the lunch buffet. The main dishes were really savory; I especially liked the onion and cauliflower pakora. The  heat level of the dishes that were spicy was just right for me. The two desserts offered - mango pudding and rice pudding - were superb and an excellent way to cap a great meal. Service was very efficient I could have ate just a big plate of those and been happy. The naan bread that was brought to are table was not the garlic type but was very good as well. The desserts here were great to they had mango pudding with fruit cocktail mixed in and rice pudding. (no monkey balls today)?Anyway it was a great lunch and 5 stars for them today."  but the food was not as flavorful and savory and I remember. As I pick at the mango pudding and the carrot pudding (which seems like a dessert that is sweetened and full of butter) I will go over the highlights and lowlights of my culinary adventure- I enjoyed the spinach/cheese mixture; one of my go to dishes. The chicken tikka was ok "I went there today for the first time for the lunch buffet. It was good and the service was great Overall we both had a great time and can't wait to go again."  firm pieces of yellow squash in a wonderful sauce. This was also the first time I tried their dessert; it was gulab something: perfectly round balls of fried deliciousness in a hot Last time I tried their frozen dessert (forget the name of it) and it was lovely I will never come back again."  Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan.  Everything was/spiced/seasoned to order just as we requested.  The aroma of fresh garlic from the naan was outstanding.  Great portions and reasonable prices.  Need extra rice and they did not hesitate and did not charge.  Will definitely be back for the lunch buffet."  Every time! I have been going to this restaurant for over 10 years and they have always impressed me.  Being a foody in the valley I find a lot of restaurants under par but my mouth is always happy here." Flavors of India is a gem. Lunch or dinner Service is quick and friendly. One of my favorite spots to go for lunch. Go now:)"  check your silverware... I changed out my fork 4 times because there was still dried food on it. The last fork I got still had dried food on it... but I was actually able to scrape it off with my napkin for this one. yeah..." Side note: they play this channel on their TV that's an Indian version of MTV - so freaking entertaining." Quality has really gone down the past few years. I've been coming here since the day they opened up in 2003. Please bring back the original cook!! Lamb tikki masala and garlic naan are delicious. I try to come at least once every couple weeks for lunch. Great food every time and the owner and his wife are hands on and very kind. Definitely recommend this place.  however it was more of a soupy texture instead of a paste that I'm used to." I will be returning with my wife for dinner on Friday or the weekend due to the excellent food quality Great Indian food here. It's been almost 6 years ago since I've eaten here. Their buffet food never disappoints. Even their gulab jamun (the little donut hole-like dessert) tasted fresh. Unlike the ones I've had before from other Indian restaurant in the valley that was cold and stale. Everything was great! Great dinner and reasonable prices. Server gave us lots of attention even though the place was packed. We've come here several times and also been happy. Glad we live close. oF9p2nCwgtm0sqUfoIy0CA Everything was burned and the samosas were a Joke I'm Indian and this was not good $13.00 for lunch buffet Food was ok. Service was poor. Saw a roach near our table. Not my choice for a lunch companion!  and lamb vindaloo. Everything was piping hot and fresh. Service was timed well even with a large group in the restaurant. Good portions. The appetizer platter and the lamb vindaloo were delicious. The butter chicken was too buttery for my liking. Maybe it is a different style/region of cooking. I am still on the hunt for a place that serves butter chicken that will taste almost like my friend's mother's butter chicken." Perfect authentic food. Generous portions. Relaxing atmosphere. Just beautiful! Great  service. I want to try everything on the menu. Just go!  with some leftovers (I was there with a friend and we shared the two).  Highly recommend!" You can thank me later!"  fresh and full of choices (meat & veg). Dinner menu is hard to choose from due to the extensive variety. The chicken tikka Masala is rich and flavorful. Definitely a favorite. Garlic naan is also a must! The atmosphere is clean and open Great place to stop for good Indian food."  service as well and the food ok but I was perhaps hoping for something a tad tastier. It's not located near me and therefore not one I would put on my ""let's drive to xyz"" for dinner but if you're in the neighborhood it's good enough to make it your ""local Indian restaurant"". Look forward to discovering more in the Valley and seeing if I was wrong in my first assumptions."  you will be waiting for food and nan.  My wife and I got there at 12:30 and every container was at the bottom or empty.  Asked the lady what was up and she said that everyone came in at once. Uhm  I asked for a side of chutney and they charged $3 for a little cup.  It really feels like you are being nickled and dimed. It isn't really a good value either.  I would recommend taking the food to-go or maybe going at lunch." "The food here is AWESOME!!  The Chicken Curry is especially delicious.  The  staff is very attentive $10 for a delicious lunch buffet?  Yes please!  The owners are super nice and the food is quality.  Love this place! i like the quality of food here and icome here every 1-2 weeks. My favorite dish is chicken Makhani. chicken Masala and some of the lamb dishes are also worth trying. Good atmosphere and kind owners. downside is that it takes about 20-25 min for food to be served. prices are somewhat high.  did not like their buffet because there is no variety of food.  even for lndian food. The buffet is over priced. There are some great Indian places in Phoenix and this is not one. You can just tell that they do things as cheap as possible and don't care about quality. My guess is that the chef is mexican and not lndian! Move along."  so if you're not into that I'd ask for Mild. But the service was great  but the quality of the food more than makes up for it." "Just searched on yelp and went there with friends. The food was really nice. Liked the chicken makhani that I ordered All in all the food was good and i would recommend people going to Phoenix to have food at this place once." haven't been back since." My friend from the U.K. Showed me this place years ago. I still go there to this day. The staff are very friendly and the food never disappoints. "Small buffet with some OK dishes. I thought the chick peas were cooked well and flavored nicely. The chicken curry was spicy but executed poorly. The rice in the buffet line was old. The fresh naan was nice but we were ready to leave by the time they brought it to our table  but the price makes justifying that out of the question. It is standard Indian fair that is good Just finished with the lunch buffet here and I must say they exceeded my expectations. The service was great and the food was better. I will definitely go back and order off the dinner menue. If thd buffet was this good I'm sure the dinner items can only be better. If not for the slow naan bread delivery this would most certainly be a 5 star review. The food is delicious and for the price it can not be beat. The lunch buffet is always a smart choice and I feel I have to specifically point out how fresh and insanely tasty the naan bread is. I would come here for that alone.  but the service is super slow and getting some naan bread brought to your table can be a chore." As soon as I walked into this place the staff here was so welcoming and kind (I was wearing some cloggs coming from a pedicure and they still welcomed me) and sat my friend and I right away. Great food! I got the chicken curry and a mango lassi yummy! My favorite Indian restaurant. I was taken here first on a job interview when I flew into town. Remained a regular stop for me for last 10 years. I still visit any chance I get when in Phoenix. Lunch buffet has only a few dishes but they excellent and fresh. I don't recommend this place to anyone." We came from California and owner was so rude" Worst food ever I had in my life in all Indian resturant I tried in my life I ordered tikka masala and mix grill platter each chicken piece was more than half pound worst garlic naan... I was hungry but I Cudnt eat anything my money was wasted  the butter chicken taste like Tomato soup with chicken in it. I know the butter chicken is a tomato base but this butter chicken was not very good. Maybe I went on a bad day."  it's a wrap. I ask for the check.  They tell me they were changing over their oil to explain delay. What's that got to do with paying attention to a customer? Nada.  I take the samosas to go and head to one of my fav restaurants instead.  It's a shame really It is very cozy and quiet inside. They have a dish that sizzles and steams a lot when brought out so it has a fun presentation. Food is definitely good. Not exactly outstanding "My husband and I always drive by this place on our way to work so we thought we would finally stop in as we love indian food. There was a group of five in the center of the restaurant that was enjoying themselves it seemed but other than that it was empty. We were offered some thin flat and crispy cracker type thing and a dipping sauce which was nice and some water "First time expierience here and I enjoyed it! I had the buffet and tried a little bit of everything. The food was pretty good although some of it seemed somewhat bland. Really loved some of the dishes and the dessert. Service was alright  it is still spicy enough to enjoy the flavors and the spiciness." Good but not great. The price is good and the people were nice and polite. Absolutely love the lunch buffet! Everything was so flavorful. Huge menu to choose from also. My favs are Mango Lassi & the rice pudding. Definitely will be back to try dinner here. My favorite Indian spot in AZ! I love everything about this place. The owners have always been super friendly to us. I've never tried their lunch buffet but their dinner service is phenomenal. The chicken vindaloo is my favorite dish along with the garlic naan. I love that you can choose the spice level on anything you order. I like my dishes spicy... Even extra spicy and they always accommodate.  they're a coke place!" really awesome Indian food. do the chicken rogan Josh. the spice level is often a bit of a mystery ranging from unbearable to pretty mild on the same dish on different days but its an adventure! the staff is always very friendly and welcoming. do it! Overall it was a fantastic experience and it's so conveniently located near the Camelback shopping areas. So next time you're in the area "i come to your restaurnat and was nice feeling First off I enjoy this place because they do a Buffett during the day for $10 plus tax. I have only had the diner service and it is 15-20$ per person. We shared 2 entres and had naan. Everything was great good flavors here and pretty much in par with other restaurants. Maybe they could include the cost of rice instead of charging extra? Maybe some people don't eat rice with there meal but most of us do. Anyway next time I'm back will be for the Buffett :) good price...  2 were like hockey pucks. Of course I was charged for the garlic nan. Won't be back!" Key B's Recommendation: To appreciate good customer service. Also prompt delivery of ordered food. Desire to eat something different I have never had anything here that was not excellent. The staff is friendly. The atmosphere is great. There is something for everyone and the food is not too spicy if you do not want it to be. This place was absolutely amazing. Very nice atmosphere and awesome service. The food was delicious too. I took my vegetarian friend here because he didnt know how many amazing (and flavorful) vegetarian options Indian food offered. It was a superb experience. ^_^ We came for dinner but they have lunch buffet too. All in all a pretty neat place. Not bad for lunch buffet.  Limited options. The sag chicken was quite good. Rice pudding had a different spice to it. Not sure I loved it. The chicken Makhani was good. Found the mushroom mutter to be a surprise. Nice and spicy. Tasty. I had a very good dinner here but the subsequent lunch buffet left something to be desired. Just the most of those were very dry. Also I was in a rush and even though I had not gone back for seconds when I asked if I could take a to go box I was categorically refused which did not leave a great impression with me  and excellent service as always! This place is always so welcoming and friendly.  They always take great care of their customers to make sure everything is perfect!" I really never cared much for food of India until my friend invited me to go and eat at this wonderful place I tasted the food it was a high quality food for a very affordable price that food is out of this world the only Indian restaurant I really would go to most of the time or invite friends is flavors of India the best I highly recommend this wonderful restaurant you won't be disappointed I know I wasn't disappointed  but I'd much rather them say that they cannot make it rather than give me something so awful. I'd expect so much better after paying $60 bucks. Sucks since this is the closest Indian restaurant by far. I'll just have to drive the distance next time. Boo." Overall would have given 5/5 if just judging on the chicken tikka masala  mint chutney and Naan Bread. The menu items were served from traditional copper pots. This exquisitely flavorful lunch was capped off with fresh mango pudding and fried yogurt balls in cardamom-infused rice pudding for dessert. The staff provided exceptional service best lunch buffet in town. only $10. my favorite place.  exchanged pleasantries and were promptly seated. We got our waters and bread quite quickly and our orders were taken shortly there after. I got the chicken tikka and my partner got the lamb vindaloo we shared some garlic naan. The dining room was not crowded as it was only about 45 minutes to closing time. We received our food in an average amount of time and it was TOTALLY delicious "Best Indian food in Arizona!  Great service Fresh and delicious - very happy to discover this place! We had the chicken tikka masala and aloo gobi. We ordered them mild and they still had a nice kick to it but not too spicy for us. The chicken was moist and nothing was greasy or heavy.  The owner itself was rude and asked us to never visit the restaurant again .  So be careful what you eat"  I haven't tasted anything this delightful in years. Service was impeccable and friendly. This restaurant is a MUST VISIT!"  sumptuous and friendly. Pure gratitude."  you can actually taste the spices in this one.  I was very pleased with my meal. The only downside I can say is that for a buffet it is a bit more pricey than other buffets "Their food is very good but i give Service at about a  6 and that's basicaly because they do not listen to those that come to eat there.  I've asked and asked for some sort of hot spice to put on my food because I know what I like.  I'm constantly told "" oh no we don't carry that here"". Now just because of that "Definitely my favorite Indian place in the area. Everything I've had has been delicious. You can't go wrong. Samosas My 2nd time here! Excellent food ... Service is good and quick! Love the lunch Buffett!!!  and much of it was lukewarm. It was about 50-50 meat and vegetarian options." Very good tasting buffet with variety! Ambiance and atmosphere is great. Attentive service as well. Did I say the food is good? Yes! Great lunch buffet! It feels authentic with music and decor. Staff have always been very helpful and warm.  these guys have been hit or miss. The last few times however the food has been excellent. We always get grubhub delivery because we are too lazy to pick up or eat there and the food always arrives fresh and hot. The tandoori chicken was super moist and flavorful. The eggplant and samosas were outstanding and the naan freshly baked. Overall a definite  star!!"  but this is the worst I ever had." later find out they return and being their friends.. You gotta give it a try!"  food was fine but all together the service matters the most. The owner was giving a weird look such as we are not supposed to be here . I never got this type of service in any other indian restaurant. Looks like we are only indian here. The lady here was very rude Best authentic Indian food! Best lunch buffet everyday special only $10-$12!! We love the authentic feel of the restaurant and the genuine hospitality from all the employees and owners!! I'm so thankful for the amazing quality and big large portions. Thank you keep up the good work!!  and the pasta was OK and that is the only reason this place got more then one star. In general thought they needed to just rename this place to Soup...no salad!!!!" This location is my favorite.  We are always promptly greeted and made to feel welcome.  I've not had a bad server here yet.. I am highly disappointed at the frozen yogurt at Souper Salad...It is that low-quality ice milk garbage! Sweet tomatoes is creamy & delicious!" Sign up for their Fresh Club on line and you get coupons in your email regularly."  but Souper Salad--particularly this location--seems to be well on its way to sinking into despair. A sign on the way out solicits new franchisees. Yeah  and I really enjoyed my time here.  I will definately be back in the future!!"  the best soup...Chicken Enchilada Soup...if it's there the day you go...you have to get this!" "I love to go to lunch at off times when  they are not so busy. This was the case on Friday.  I had a fantastic coupon and the waiter that rang me up said he would even make me a fresh pot of coffee. I did not even have to ask.  The salad was wonderful! I really liked how fresh every thing was. Soup a bit so so not as good as sweet tomatoes but good. i like their tuna snickerdoodle salad which is always on the menu and the make your own strawberry shortcake bar!" nDBly08j5URmrHQ2JCbyiw Our family took us here for dinner. The food was edible. It was really empty when we were there. The service was great! CvJNcUtmNubDF8UmuduNXg  when u pass by cici's windows the children look sad and angry because u didn't take em to ppp."  no seriously Im a regular at least once a week lol The buffet at lunch sucks they serve the worst pizzas I feel like Im always waiting for them to put out a simple pepperoni pizza but nope just another wack invention come on people this is not CiCis.. Then when they do finally put one out everyone takes all the slices. When I go any other time the pizza is great but they do take a long time 45-60 min wait. The customer service here from the staff including management is horrible  but it's a 5-star cheap place to take the kids where they will love you for it!"  it tasted like...childhood." About the only downside is parking. You might need to park between the pad which houses the place and the remnants of Tower Plaza instead of directly in front. Not a big deal."  and I didn't want to eat on them. I definitely won't be going back." Walked in on Saturday and walked out.  you will get a more epic review Peter Piper on Thomas !"  or it would just steal my tokens. All the tickets I would have been winning would be given to my son so he could cash in and buy things at the counter. So I was pissed that it kept ripping me off. And the counter toys are super expensive! I don't think I would recommend this place to anyone."  and after seeing their cheesy commercials I've decided to give this place a try. I would not recommend their pizza at all. I had the California Pizza which includes your typical pizza veggies Online ordering system sucks. My order was lost." The place looks great over 10 big screen tvs more space  newer games and brand new carpet... everything has been improved and brand new expect the wifi ...  your kids will love it and you should be able to tolerate it. Not a bad outing." I've never in my life had a problem with PPP! I've been getting pizza from here for over 8 years....but what is going on with their new crust? It is horrible & disgusting! They only have pan & thin crust now???? What happened to their amazing hand-tossed? I'm so disappointed that they have changed! I will never be a returning customer until their crust is changed back!  kids are literally banging the walls. Parents of the birthday child have been apologizing profusely for the tardiness and mom specifically said to mention the no show hostess in this review." This place reminded me a bit of my fond memories of Chuck E Cheese The pizza seemed to get better then 10 years ago So as I'm writing this I'm thinking of the Wedding Crashers. Now taking applications for a Birthday Crashing partner are you in?? I will supply the child. Lets go!!"  2 drinks & $20 worth of tokens. Total was around $43 for everything. About 15 mins. later our food was ready. The pizza was tasty & piled high w/toppings. The breadsticks were yummy w/lots of garlic & butter. Even though we don't have kids we had a good time playing games. The ""motion"" game was so lame for 4 tokens They don't have the game selection of Dave & Busters but they have skee ball and that suits me just fine.  I don't have kids so this isn't a place I'd come to a lot but it seems like a good place for a night out with the family if you have one.  Enjoy a pie and let your kids have a good time." Place was clean and not busy at all for a Saturday. Pizza was good compared to chucke e cheese. I mean it has good pizza I love the ceaser salad.I enjoyed. "Great place to go for the whole family. Remodeled so its new and clean!! And they have wifi!!  I think I show ""Chucky Cheese"" eating there today..lol..or not????" My daughter Loves this place! The pizza isn't too bad and the lunch buffet is a great price. This is always a good lunch date for mommy/daughter.  Service is always good and sssh! They have beer and wine here!  Eat that Chuck E Cheese! "2nd of 3 kids birthday parties this weekend.  What a marathon.  Token games are fun though "This was one very clean location (down to the bathrooms). Although it was packed because it was a Saturday ( what can you expect lol) the staff still managed to keep things clean. No cups  the pizza is always good and even with big groups of kids they still recognize my family and take time to visit and make sure everything is going smoothly with our lunch." That said we arrived at 105 to a completely empty bufett that took untill 130 to get caught back up. Pizza is good overall. Not the best or worst bufett.  Middle of the road. Cheap food almost fast."  there is no salad bar available in the evening; just some prepackaged and expensive mixed lettuce. Where are all the ""healthy choices"" they advertise?" Better than any of the other Peter Pipers we've been to!!"  BUT at no point should the staff allow kids to wrestle and bump into other customers. Furthermore 2J1DtN7FjGICQcgRei3jKA  and if Peter piper pizza seems like a kid place. I'll come here with my friends who are all 21+  which is a major plus!!! They must have remodeled at some point because I remember it being much smaller. I'd recommend coming here for the lunch buffet  but they do have good games for the kids and the staff is super friendly!" Had this pizza at work and I have to say it was bad.  It was hard and pretty tasteless.  I will never recommend it to anyone.  and we never found it. We told management and Chris was on his hands and knees searching high and low for my brothers phone. What a sweet guy. Will definitely be back. He's a great person." 