"Fantastic service and quality!  I called on Wednesday PM and they had my quote emailed to me in minutes; not the cheapest but Competitive... AND they had the 20' size no one else did!  Ordered it Thursday Need some advice or Q&A for a project - go to Queen City Lumber.  I quote Web Hatley in reference to a recent shop fabrication order ""These came out about $200 less than originally quoted.""  These guys gave us money back!"  ""So do you need help?"" The question was asked in a way that anyone who truly wants to help does not generally speak. I left the place and will not recommend it. I now see from the other review that apparently the same problem existed there three years ago." How do you work in an electrical supply house and not know what a push rod set is and have stuff walking out the door." As background: Over the years we have used Tepper's design services and repair services and have always been pleased. They do quality work and they do seem to care that you be satisfied with it." "Horrible customer service....horrible. If you go to.the.contractor counter and try.and get.served.Good luck. 8 people behind counter but I couldnt get waited on. If your not an electrician they.know "They always s have what I'm looking for. People treat you very well here I recommend anyone in food service responsible for replacing multiple types of light bulbs because they will have most if not all of them in stock  competent service at time of purchase of a single Stihl trimmer and HONESTY in repair service that kept me from buying a new one of same when I didn't need to.  Repairs weren't instant but were done in less than time projected." Can I give no stars.  What a horrible place to get service work done. got an estimate for tune up on a hedge trimmer and a weed eater.   So the hedge trimmer they gave me a horrible estimate that was more than double what it should have been when I said no they told me I owed a 18 dollar fee for the estimate and said I should just leave the trimmer since it is not worth any thing.  I ended up selling for 150 on craigs list FYI with out the tune up.   they even charged to add string to test the weed eater.  Place is a total rip off I will never go again.  I said you wouldn't !!I know you sold it.So the person on the phone became irate and told me he could do what ever he wanted to with my property!! and in fact he did sell it and then he hung up on me!!! If you do need something repaired go to Arizona Tree and Turf Equip Co 1502 W Bell Rd at least they're honest and wont sell your property!!!"  but I brought a lawnmower in for repair. They called me to pick it up and it was $55 or so for the tune up. They said it was working (they also said it was a piece of junk and I should get a new one).  When I went to use it the next week it still didn't work. I just bought a new one elsewhere. It wasn't worth the effort to argue with them on a mower a friend had given me and that someone had left out in the rain (prior to me bringing it in for repair). I was thinking about bringing my pressure washer in for repair This is my go to place for all landscaping equipment purchases and repairs." "My AC went out. Found Howard air thru Angies.  They responded quickly.  The tech was very knowledgeable and professional.  The reason I gave them three stars was that their prices were sky high "Howard Air came out to fix an A/C problem we had in our rental home. Our property management company sent them out. I found them to be very unresponsive when I would call or they would tell me they would call me back. Usually a week went by before I had to eventually call them again to find out what was going on. I think they came out 4 different times before they actually fixed the problem My service today was outstanding. They friendly and honest and told me the bare bones if my a/c problems and offered ideas and different solutions for me to choose from. I would call them again anytime I need heating and air service. Thank you Bryan. Medel. I am grateful for the excellent customer service!  kind and well informed.  He spent a great deal of time assessing the problem and not only took care of everything but went the extra mile.   He spent time to educate me on setting my thermostat so that it runs more efficiently and will certainly reflect in my electricity bill.  This is the BEST experience i have ever had starting with the person making the appointment to the service tech.  OUTSTANDING!!!!!!"  gave us the skinny on current Trane units and sold us an 18 SEER multi-stage unit the eoc-friendliness of which I was more than ready for. 2 days before they arrived for the install the old unit froze up and was virtually useless and we didn't sleep for 2 nights. The install went off seemlessly and they left no trace of having been here from the attic to the backyard. They did a full replacement of all components including ductwork  but thus far the experience has been nothing but blue skies and fresh (cold) - air.  Compliments and thanks to Joel of Howard Air"  thanks for doing such a great job for us and we look forward to having you come out again for our next service this coming fall for the heat pump.  Great job Howard Air!"  2-stage compressor and 0% interest 5 yr.financing. The guys were there at the pre-arranged time and gone within 7 or 8 hours leaving no trace except cooler air. The entire system from the pad to the thermostat were replaced.We may have paid a little more than we could have but I felt comfortable that Trane designates them as one of it's authorized dealers and they have a nearly 100% satisfaction rating on Trane's site. The price seemed a bit high but they also gave us 0% 5 yr financing and 10 years of labor to cover the 10 - 12 year Trane parts warranty  fast and affordable! We had a leak coming through one of the units from the roof and they came out so fast to fix it! Every time I've ever called them with questions or concerns- they've all been just amazing and caring!!! I definitely recommend them to anyone in need of a new AC Unit or just a repair!! Thank you Howard Air!!!"  Scott.  He let us know what we needed and what our options were.  Thanks for all of the friendly and professional people that worked on our new HVAC system!"  respectful and clean. You couldn't even tell where they had been working when they left. The job went so well - there is honestly nothing more I could have hoped for. I am so pleased I went with Howard Air and will definitely recommend them to anyone." "My ac went out so I called Howard air and I could not be more pleased. They were very prompted and very courteous. If you ever have any ac problem I strongly recommend Howard air. Their prices were good and the tech ""Joel"" was quick and very nice." ae4_Zk-GH_WlbxtbLpL9MQ Very satisfied with Bryan's friendly and professional bearing.  This reflects very well on him personally and on Howard Air.  Great job to you all!  See you this coming Fall!" "Michael showed up right on time and was extremely courteous and knowledgeable. He did a great job with my AC tune-up and gave me a detailed list of options to optimize my system's performance. He also installed and set up a new digital thermostat that I had purchased. I couldn't be happier with Michael and Howard Air  the technician was very professional and got our AC blowing cold! This will be my go to AC company. Service was exceptional and price was reasonable. Highly recommended!" WORST AC COMPANY IN THE WHOLE VALLEY!  Prices are sky high!  do not use this company!  They will tell you something is wrong when there isn't!  Much more affordable and better AC companies out there.  and came back to get my A.C. unit up to par even though it's 10 years past it's general life span. Explained to me everything that was wrong with it and were willing to fix the most important issues for a reasonable price."  you do get what you pay for!  But in some cases you can get the same product(that you sell)for much much cheaper!  Your company happens to be one of those cases.  Smart people do research and find a better price.  Your profit margin is way too high! You can find some of the same ac units you sell for much cheaper." "This company is the best. We were in Phoenix at our daughters home and noticed that her AC wasn't working very well. After trying two other companies that got great Yelp reviews but disappointed "Howard Air installed a AC/Heating unit in my home in 2003.  NOTHING but problems!  Found out that they installed mismatched unit.......and so Home Warranty will not replace the system.  Also found out when technician from AC company came to service that they had installed older model then year 2003.  I would steer clear if your considering a company to install a unit in your home.  At the time this was done.....I was newly divorced ae4_Zk-GH_WlbxtbLpL9MQ have to laugh at some of these negative reviews. A HVAC company coming out at the crack of dawn is a problem!!! Yeah call Sears! You'll get a date no time. For heaven's sake. Sounds like they are negative people to begin with. This company has been around a while and they know what they are doing. Thank you for your great service. You are appreciated!! Nice to see that there's some competent technicians out there!"  I made an appointment online the night before and they were at my home the very next day. Excellent customer service!!!! HIGHLY recommend." Stay away from this company."  you will find that they are very expensive compared to other service companies." "This place rocks (sorry)! Most people hire a landscaper to put down gravel and boulders... which probably comes from Pioneer. Other people are nuts (like myself) and want to do the job themselves to get a great workout and save a few bucks. The employees here are knowledgable and glad to help out people who fall into either category. Several other nuts stopped in when I was there. I picked up close to a 1/2 ton of 3/4"" gravel and 500lbs of boulders for $70... using my own truck saved a $60-80 delivery fee (a sheet of plywood helps if your pickup's bedliner is corrugated). Its addictive... already planning a return trip."  they sent us over to their lot to pick up the rocks. We drove over next to the pile of rocks we wanted and the tractor came over  just getting their work done like it was a chore. Not sure if I walked in after a fight or if that's the way it is all the time."  then it ends up on your receipt. Check your receipt before you walk out the door....." OK on the phone but rude and unhelpful in person. Guys working here made some smart and unnecessary comments while we came to pick up a sample. MDI Rock down the road was more helpful. "I bought something called rip-rap.  Looked great in the display area all big rocks.  What I got was a load with 12"" of dirt and mulch and stuff that I did not want anywhere my yard.  Naturally the dirt and mulch was hidden on the bottom of the dump truck.  After dumping I had 12  inches if garbage on the top of my pile that I had to sift through and dispose of.  The brochure apparently says they can include up to 50% of this garbage.  Funny how the sample in the display area had no dirt and mulch.  The manager was supposed to contact me but he blew me off so here is their review 