I tried some of the hot turkey sandwich and just left the rest for my friend since it was not fresh cut turkey but instead luncheon meat that had been heated.  I finished off my dinner and was happy in the end.  No  just don't come for the ice cream."  other than the Fox Chapel location was remodeled about 10 years ago to look less like a diner 9MmWbiE7txW_OplDAnoaqA I heart King's. I've always been a fan and this one was as good as my old one in Monaca.  and tasty food.  I am pleased and will definitely come back again." My breakfast cost me just over $10 - very comparable to Cracker Barrel   Bob Evans." Good service but the last 2 times we've gone there have been hairs in my son's kids meal.. A bit disappointing.  and I've come to take terrible service is their MO."  and the occasional mistake. But I have yet to have a decent experience at this store. It will remain a place I avoid unless someone in my party needs to avoid illness from low blood sugar. Perhaps I should go back to the racially biased service of Steak n Shake instead!"  this was one of my better experiences there..."  cover the side of your face and just keep driving.  There's nothing to see here."  always screws up my orders. poor customer service. was going to hire me but said I had to go somewhere else to do my orientation." Service was a bit slow but the food was just what you would expect from McDonalds!  Everyone was very friendly and the bathroom was clean...which made my 5 year old very happy! "Best McDonald's I have been to! Everyone is so sweet and friendly! The drive through line was long but i got theough super fast. There were even napkins in the bag (which never even happens.) It wasnt always that good  but last night they reached an all time low. I ordered a big Mac and large fries. It was obvious that the fries were old and they refried them to heat them up. The bun of the big Mac was so stale Worst mcdonalds i have ever been to. Last time i went chicken nuggets were under cooked. People were getting refunds wait time was so long. My daughter asked for gogurt w happy meal got apples had to wait 10 min to change to gogurt. Soda is watered down and gross. Rude staff doesnt know what they are doing. Will never go back even though its the closest one to me.  only frowns all around and not very clean. Just skip this one and you will be better off." 6ilJq_05xRgek_8qUp36-g  open 24 7 with hot shoe string fries and creative milkshakes. What else do you want in life??" PS. The whole joint smells like major B.O."  so I told her to cancel it and walked out. Now I see that others on Yelp have warned about the slow service at this location. Wish I had looked it up earlier." Next trip to Pgh is going to feature Steak and Shake - I guarantee it." Service (on a scale of 1-10 By far my worst visit to Steak n' Shake!"  I realized cooked to order but this is a little long for SnS.  Ordered the Guacamole Steakburger and it only had a small portion of Gauc...not your usual amount..kitchen was not up to speed on portion sizing for some reason.  Definitely did not look like the picture on the website.  Oh well!"  and shoestring fries. You're faster (and cheaper!) than Eat N Park. Plus your employees wear those adorable bow ties. Granted The only thing worse than the food is the service. We have vowed NEVER to go to this restaurant again. Yikes!!" This was the first time that I have ever eaten here.  We went through the drive thru which took forever.  I ordered a hamburger and onion rings.  The hamburger did taste kind of odd but I figured it was because I am used to Wendy's .  exactly 6hours later I was so sick.  Might have been a stomach bug but it is kind of strange.  I dont think that I need to go back to this particular location......ever Going there was a  special request by a 7 year old getting over a long-ish illness This place is s l o w....like so slow I have got up and left after waiting 30 minutes and not even being acknowledged by a server. The food is okay. Def not worth the wait. Milkshakes are just okay as well. Booooooo. I really like the chili. Burgers are fair and salads are pretty bad. Pretty hard to mess up a side salad. As others have said you never know what kind of service you will get. Store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair. The staff is usually disinterested with customers and sometimes outright rude. All in all what you pay is what you get. Cheap and crap service.  3 meals and 3 shakes came to $20. A steal. Also the food is good! I enjoyed it. I'd come back." Fast food in a resturant setting.  Considering this food is good and cheap plus you can get food to go.  Must be a reason why this place is always packed.  the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints."  what you'd expect from Steak n Shake. THE SERVICE IS AWFUL. so incredibly awful. expect to take at least an hour for your meal  the fries were Luke warm and the cheese on them wasn't as flavorful as it should be. As a new Pittsburgher I'm not impressed." All this has cemented me in not wanting to ever step foot in one of these establishments ever again." "I don't think it's too much to ask that if you advertise your drive thru being open 24 7. Then it should be open 24 7. I work a late night job. The past three times I have tried to get food late night I haven't been able to. Twice they greeted me in the drive thru and never got back to me after twenty minutes so I drove away. Tonight they told me that the drive thru was closed. Really? Awful location. Awful service. Went inside to try to get food  she walks straight out of the stall and into the restaurant. I guess she was in too much of a rush to complete the order she had just taken that she didn't have time to wash her hands. And I was in too much of a rush to choke back up what I had just eaten before it wreaked mayhem on my stomach."  they're downright rude. I highly recommend avoiding this location if possible. There's one on Route 51 that's worth the 15 minutes it'll take you to get there."  I have to admit that we had forgotten how inexpensive Steak 'n Shake was. Based on the cost I like the occasional steak and shake stop.....    but this one has to be the slowest one ever.    The cashier was rude and I could hear her yelling are you fucking kidding me because the register was not working the way she wanted....     wow.... just wow... "Every time we come here the service is laughably bad. On this visit a tabe which was sat after us had their food before our server graced us with her surly presence. Good restaurant elsewhere "Wow. Dirty and slow.  The floors felt like they had the days burger grease spilled all over Just take a gun on Weekends "The staff is very rude at the drive thru to the point of telling me at 2:02 pm ""It's only 1:59 you can't do the happy hour shakes yet!""   She literally screamed it at me.   The management does not enforce any kind of health code in that restaurant either.   I too  and (thinking the pictures on the menu are what they're supposed to look like and they would never false advertise) I asked ""doesn't it come with the fixings like in the picture?"" she then told me it only comes with cheese. So I then went on to tell her what I wanted on my burger. Pulled around and got my order pretty quick Take the extra 20 minutes to drive to the South Hills location. Its pretty much the exact opposite of the Waterfront. The food comes out hot and properly cooked and you are not ignored by the staff." "Steak 'n Shake's food is pretty good and the prices aren't bad for the quantity of food. I ordered a grilled chicken salad with no dressing. The salad looked thrown together and was $5.49 for 2 croutons  and a decent amount of fries. Also the restaurant is not really clean either.  This restaurant is not my number 1 choice."  with five or six tables sitting unbussed while people wait to be seated. Whether you're inside or at the drive through the wait is incredibly long. Fortunately the staff are always friendly despite the ridiculous staffing levels the management maintains here."  regular is the perfect size to get me home from the Waterfront." It's safe to say that we won't be back. We like the food and shakes but not worth it to put up with the poor service." Fell asleep last night before I did my review what I can say about this place is their food is good their milkshakes r awesome I had gotten the chicken fingers with fries & a birthday cake milkshake which was delish we got seated pretty fast & our waiter was very polite & professional  and she made a huge deal of it. I ended up crying outside waiting for my partner to let me know we'd been moved. 15 minutes later I have eaten here before and never had any problems. But today was completely different. I arrived 12:15 PM to have lunch with my family. We sat there for about 25 minutes and not one person came to ask us if we were ready to order. They completely ignored us so we got up and left. One table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention. So we went to  Wendy's up on 8th Avenue and we had no problems ar all.  they completely ignore you when your the only person in line. The burgers were good and the menu is pretty small. Food takes about an hour to come when no ones even there! I would go here if the service was faster and better." I know service speed isn't a chain-wide issue. This place is just REALLY. SLOW. We ordered 40 minutes ago. Still no food. I ordered online last night and it was suppose to be done at 7:!5pm. I get their small line that somehow took 30mins. When i get to counter she looks at my print out and says it will be done in a few. I ask to speak to manager and she calls out a manager named Rachel who did not show. At 8:05pm she goes to check my food after me saying something! It was on the counter the whole time. My Food was cold and they have to the nerve to say come again. I Think Not! 6ilJq_05xRgek_8qUp36-g shoutout to Raquan . You're the real MVP" I waited 20 minutes for charred hamburger. The bottle of seasoning on the table was a cute idea bc lord knows it didn't have any seasoning on it. The waitress kept saying that they were backed up but when I looked around there wasn't a lot of people there. However they (waitresses) were nice and apologetic. But when I think of steak sandwiches I didn't think of what I got.  nothing special. I ordered the single cheeseburger and cheese fries. My boyfriend got the bacon cheeseburger and cheesy bacon fries. Our food came out pretty quickly and it was the way we ordered it (I ordered everything on my burger while my boyfriend only ordered cheese and bacon). Our food was good  I was served just a plain grilled cheese. Once they had gotten me another sandwich Waitress was very kind at the beginning but her attitude declined rapidly. Food was alright except the French onion soup. Couldn't believe the waitress thought it was okay to serve. A table nearby had a problem with their food. Waitress was rude to them and the manager never came to address the issue. Terrible customer service. Look so many better burgers. Aint no steak and no shake. Ice milk at best. Five guy burgers much better. Frosty and a daves classic much better at same price. Spend a few more and goto bgr "This is the worst place I've maybe ever been to.  The outside was filthy with trash all over.  The inside was maybe worse I consistently return to the Rt 51 location because I get decent and consistent service. This one? I only returned because I was getting my dog groomed at the nearby Petco."  my spicy chicken sandwich was fresh-out-of-the-fryer hot and very crispy while my bun was toasted.  The french fries were also fried to an artery clogging perfection." The only good thing about this place is the exit so you can swiftly leave and never come back." "Tried going twice. Twice i got a "" were closed"" i said i thought you were open till 1? ""Nah"" it was 12. I thought Wendy's advertises that they're open until 1? Like thats their commercial campaign. Guess not. Cant rate the food cause i haven't received any. I would have loved to try. But since its 1210 guess they are closed. Don't worry Wendy's. Maybe you should add 100+ sodas to this location but don't worry i wont have any from this one or any. I am done w this franchise." It took an hour to get our food when everyone else got their food in five minutes. They forgot two of our drinks and one of the employees said a cuss word infront of a child.  they are neat and clean and the staff is friendly. The manager even helps the elderly and speaks with customers like they are friends. Job well done in my book. Plus can't beat the fries are always hot. Keep the work up guys!" Was in there today again and the service is excellent. Is this a chica fila or Wendy's I can't tell the difference except for the menu. Cashiers will bring your food to you. Manager actually has respect for the customer instead of ignoring them. I love it!  and she stacked overfull but not messy.  My food was ready when I was and it was quality food for great value!  Their chicken nuggets are the freshest I have found." A group of us traveld here to go kenneywood park across the road but we decided not to after what we drove throuhg to get there so we atleast decided to get somthing to eat and man where we happey to get out alive. We where the only normal people in this place. The kids next to us who where only 14 where bragging and saying that they went to jail 2 times in their life. You had people selling their food outsdie the resturant. after seeing that we quickly left and hid in our cars with the doors locked. While we where in there my friend got hit on by 2 girls and they gave him there numbers while the other young guy across the table yeld dont do it dont do it. Must I say more? bottom line is dont go if you are normal and get the hell out of that area cause if you call a shank a happey meal toy then that is the resturant for you. I concur with the other reviewers: skip this place. Completely. Just keep driving. Anywhere else is better and less of a waste of your time and money  your order will most definitely be wrong.  Calls to the owner go ignored. Rice Enterprises own a majority of the McDonalds in the South Hills.  They have all gone down hill in quality Hit or miss. Was there today and everything was good. They even checked what happy meal toys they had for my daughter. Went a few tines before and sometimes it was decent sometimes they had order wrong. When order was wrong they fixed it quickly however and most of the staff is helpful. Will go here rather than waterfront location anyday. Also very nice sitting area. Worst McDonald's ever. Waited 16 min in drive thru- finally drove through without even ordering! Horrific. Have been here two times after stopping at Mancini's Bakery. Have only had the Hamburger Cheese Bacon w  fries but huge portions and great price. Great Quality also. Server is really nice also. Will be eating here again. Heard the Breakfast items are also great. Saw the waffles and pancakes....were huge! r8BwdblCW-ZUES37BL0khw  but I will also recommend Marge's Place to anyone in the area.  It was a surprisingly good find.  I like places like neighborhood businesses like this where they make everyone feel like they belong."  great food at a reasonable price!  The cheeseburger was as big as my head and delicious and the onion rings were just as good.  Our waitress was friendly  and I felt like I was in a diner in the 1950s. Had a grilled cheese and fries - the food was good and everyone was friendly." Great small town breakfast spot Highly recommend George's Mixed Grill ... Delicious  that is until Saturday my brother asked me if I wanted to go to breakfast and I had to say yes (just posted on facebook that I wanted to go to breakfast and nobody wanted to go with me) Lets get to the review I am glad I said yes there homefries are awesome the eggs were just right. I would definitely go here again." I'm new to Pittsburgh so I wanted to try out all the local spots first and let me tell you... This spot is definitely worth a try! It's a cute diner with a lot of local charm. The prices are awesome and the food is even better! I had the cinnamon raisin french toast with the home fries and a coffee. All of it was really good. I'm not a complainer but I'm picky and honestly...I have nothing but good things to say about this place. I highly recommend you stop by and give it a try! You can thank me later. ;)  great prices. What more can you ask for in a small town breakfast place? Will definitely be back" Parking meters are 10 cents an hour." Take a trip to Stowe hunry."  It was perfect! This place is a gem and I can't wait to bring my mom and sister here next time they visit. The owners RJ and Kelly were super nice and even came to check on us to make sure everything was good. They are also in the process of remodeling to give it more of a 50's feel. If you're looking for a great little homey feeling diner with great food and affordable prices "My dad grew up in McKees Rocks so whenever we are back visiting relatives we stop at Mancini's. This is right down the street and we have never stopped here. What a pleasant surprise for The Rocks. Great breakfast specials  fantastic atmosphere... friendliest owners ever!! The VIKING'S Breakfast though WOW!!!! Highly recommend this place!!"  but Broadway Brunch completely nailed it! I'm so glad I found this little breakfast treasure trove and look forward to visiting again on my next trip to Pittsburgh."  coffee was great and our server was extremely sweet and polite. I believe this is going to be a once a week breakfast date spot for me and my girl." The atmosphere feels like an old school diner. Everyone is always so friendly even the other customers. The food is delish...I drive 25 miles one way to eat here and it's worth the trip every time!! Found this place on a Sunday looking for breakfast.   The food was fantastic and you get you get a decent sized portion.    Very inexpensive for what you are getting.  I've been back since my initial visit and the food was just as good.  The staff is very friendly and welcoming.  Would highly recommend.  the wait staff friendly and fast and the prices were reasonable.  Unfortunately the food wasn't very good. I was served over cooked eggs with raw bacon and the biscuits were stale.  I don't know if there was an inexperinced cook or just bad luck  good people and a cozy atmosphere. Love this place so much!"  charm...all-in-one place! Home cooking...you will not be disappointed." The staff is friendly."  this is the best McDonald's for dogs and their parents. And as someone who generally only visits McDonald's to reward my dog for good behavior after a vet visit My orders have come out bad pretty much every time I have ordered from here. The chicken nuggets come out under par. I'm lucky if the fries come out right. My last experience is the last straw. I recently posted a photo of my Chicken Ranch Club. That has no chicken. This is ridiculous. I am done going to this Mcd's. The orders come out pretty fast and the employers are nice" I noticed that the dining room looks spacious and they have  an indoor play area for children."  fast food or otherwise.  They get so loud back in the kitchen that we will often stop our conversation in the dinning room to wait for them to quiet down a bit before we continue.  The food itself is generally passable." Anyways I don't normally review fast food that I've had bad experience at bc it happens often  looked the other way and yelled for a manager. Still feeling over charged but not wanting to agitate the situation any further we left with 1 less drink then we ordered  but I'm having trouble coming up with a single example. I can only assume that the manager is never there or is so incompetent as to defy belief. This location coasts by solely on the reputation of other Wendy's. Do yourself a favor. Go to Burger King or McDonald's down the road  this was a nice place. It took a long time for someone to answer the drive thru and then the guy working the drive thru was very hard to understand like he had food in his mouth and basically clueless. Once our order was finally understood I wish we had a way to hold this corporation accountable for its crimes against our society.  we realized they forgot to add an item on our receipt. We asked how much the real total is and the employee told me Good for Altar bar. But they didn't have fries.... My only complaint was free ATT WiFi was slow on my last visit." Every single time I go through the drive-thru I don't get a straw. I don't know how this keeps happening. Every time. Even when reminded.  ""may I try some of your french fried potatoes?"" I was greeted with a crackled mutter as I inched my vehicle forward. I was then treated to a relaxing 15 minute wait as nobody moved in line. Perhaps it was the clientele and their healthy orders. Perhaps it was the professional waitstaff Maybe they're upset because their heroin operation was shut down." "They are literally the SLOWEST fast food restaurant I have ever been to. We have tried going through the drive-thru TWICE and BOTH times have left because after someone says ""hold on one second"" Once I've moved on to a few other items It's kind of sad that the other 'V' pizza place around the corner isn't any better than the three national chains." Great pizza. Grandma's pie is an all time favorite!  though. And beware of the prices: What's on the website is wrong. And the manager and owner will say there's nothing they can do about that (except charge you the higher price that isn't on the website)." Best pizza around. Dough is fresh. They to die for pepperoni rolls. They use fresh ingredients. My favorite is the buffalo chicken pizza. Reasonably priced. They deliver to local area. You can also pick up.  Italian Dogs..... they are all AMAZING! If you are in the area definitely stop by!" Veltre's is a Swissvale staple! Our family orders from them often! I love the cheesesteak hoagie with bacon. I've never been disappointed with the food and the family that owns the place is so wonderful.  pizza is pizza. And everyone will have an opinion. But if you are in Tue swissvale Braddock Edgewood area. Go to Veltre's Pizza."  the wings also and the turkey bacon sub.was great .I and my family would eat here again" Cheeseburger was juicy. Wings seasoned to perfection. Can't wait to order again. Fast delivery! Always has fast delivery. Friendly staff delivery drivers. The Italian dogs and provolone wedges are a must! Bonus Points: They use Mancini's rolls. As a Pittsburgher that's all I needed to hear."  NY is so anyone reading this knows I've eaten some of the best pizza in the world. Veltres is amazing - great pizza One of the worst Wendy's I've ever experienced.  Every morning there was a 30-minute wait - after ordering - for food. We waited about 3 minutes when one of the guys comes out and literally FLOURISHES our 3 bags of food at us. I mean  props for the ""fresh cut fries.""" Please clean your floor properly.  It feels like Crisco under your feet.  Very dangerous.  they said I could just go back and since I had some food in hand that I should get what was missing... with no receipt (I don't think so) she decided to give me the store number instead so I can inform the manager before driving there. So they gave me the number and all it is is BUSY  I bet your turning over in your grave  This Wendy's is Terrible.  There's nothing fast about this fast food.  Go next door to Taco Bell. The only reason I keep coming here is because their food at least meets Wendy's standards and gives me something to keep me going between my appointments throughout the day. But based on other reviews  and people losing their minds. The service is horrible...friendly but horrible. I ordered two double cheeseburgers and waited over twenty minutes for them. I opened the sandwiches and it appeared that they had been made by a dog...or someone who lacks fingers. This McDonalds is straight crap. I'd rather eat cigarette butts than ever eat there again." The workers themselves are ok and the managers are nice."  cussing or making a lot of noise.  They sit on tables and often just sit at your table.  When Arby's and Wendy's use to be open next door The major complaint that I have with this location is when the high schools let out.  The tons of students from various of communities just hanging out "You get all the stars for giving me both French fries and apple slices in my happy meal. Not only did it make my day Today I went in to eat.  Ordered my food and while I was waiting for my food a cook was on the French fry side taking nuggets out of the holding area and eating them.   The manager on duty was about as useful as the wall it took several mins to convince him for a refund and still could not get that right.   The owner of this location sure could make more money if they had a crew and managers that did their jobs  I'm definitely going to be back to try the RoethlisBurger since now I view it as a potentially tasty sandwich as opposed to just a ridiculously impossible food challenge." "Mushroom cheesesteak with a Stewart's root beer for lunch today. Freshly made The guy who served us was cool beans though."  yes....the cheesesteaks are calling my name.  Good solid Pittsburgh institution that's friendly and efficient and GOOD!  What more could you ask on a quick run to the Strip on your lunch hour?" "Freindly staff....good cheese....can't wait to try the aftermentioned ""#7"""  this has to be my more favorite place to stop while in Pittsburgh. They have an awesome menu (cash only) but you cannot leave and not get the Roethli""burger"". Delicious. Yum. Heck to the yes. I love the small kitchen style atmosphere The cheese-steak is decent ... Fries are pretty good ...  Word on the street is the North side   Western Avenue location makes the best sandwiches for whatever reason..." This is a great sandwich place! They use the softest Mancini's rolls and grill up your order fresh. I always get the pepper steak. The staff is friendly. Make sure to get there early because this place gets busy quick!  but it kind of became too heavy to eat for lunch.  Their portions are fabulous and they have or at last had a great lunch special Roethlisberger w  bacon and pepper relish. Tell Gisele I sent you in for the walk-in special." My only complaint is that occasionally the meat to bread ratio isn't too great. Don't get me wrong I'm not expecting 12 ounces of meat but it can be disappointing. I recommend one of the more creative sandwiches then. Though the breads here are so fresh and enjoyable." J011r7mUV1QhgLJ7GkrtMw On my last visit I got a tuna melt which did not disappoint.  The tuna salad taste like how mom makes and was served with the additional of lettecue Went here for lunch today and it was good! I got a cheese steak with fries and drink. It's was pretty standard fries were kind of bland. I liked the cheesesteak tho! May be returning! Just go eat at Peppi's.  You'll realize this review is just pure truth.  It's delicious I will NEVER be purchasing or eating from Peppi's ever again.  Horrible!"  they could really benefit from a refresh The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  The price was right and my sub was decent so why wouldn't I?"   every bite is like a mini explosion of delicious beef waiting to fill all your taste buds with happiness!"  but I definitely enjoy their food. I don't think I will ever crave it like he does This was my first time at this location and we were referred here my a friend at work.  We walked in and the service was great.  We had some jokes with the staff and they made the experience fun.  The food was fantastic and the sandwich was huge and a great value for the price.  The decor was fun with old pictures and lots of Steelers stuff in the walls.  Also a ton of pictures to look at on the walls!   Great experience and great people and great food.   There are also lots of shops and fun things to do close by. Highly recommend!!!  If we ever come back to Pittsburgh Spot on suggestions from the cook when we first arrived! We enjoyed the New Yorker and the Franco...with a side of well seasoned Cajun fries. We'll definitely be back! I love their Southern Philly cheese steak. It is delicious and enjoyable. Unlimeted refills on all coke products = AWESOME!!! We go here any time that we are in this area. My kids look forward to doc appointments at Childrens so we can stop here . Their fries are fresh cut cooked well and I love the cheese steaks . No grease at all. They also have a great staff. For some reason the first time that I went there was an onion type thing going on in the air and my eyes were burning but the second time that didn't happen." If you are looking for a quick sit-down or to-go lunch Great subs great stories. I love this place and one of my go too places when I am starving and feel like eating a great sub. Lots of options. I classify Peppi's and Primanti's both in my old world Pittsburgh food places. Places I love to reminisce and places I'd love to always return. It may be blue collar but don't let that deter you (if you are that kind to be easily dissuade). Remember Pittsburgh's roots!  will be back again for lunch in the Strip." "My husband and I went here for lunch based on the recommendation of the guy manning the parking lot (and the guy that was pulling in to park) and it was the best recommendation we've ever received. I got the ""Ultra"" Cheesesteak and my husband tackled The Roethlisburger. We also ordered a large order of cheese fries. The fries seem hand it and the cheese to dip them in is the perfect mix of salty and cheesy. The real standouts Excellent service and my #7 Roethlisberger was amazing!  Fresh bread and perfectly cooked sausage!  The staff was very friendly and helpful in making my selection!  I can't wait to go back!  the food is still delicious. The location is just as ""rustic"" as all of the other spots. But if you want a more pleasant experience is recommend the North Side location."  I Looooove Peppi's. Something about their signature subs just tastes soooo good. I suggest you check out the New Yorker with double meat. And they reheat surprisingly well too! I'd honestly suggest this place as a Pittsburgh sandwich icon over Primanti's any day."  and perfection. Two people can easily share a small fry- the portions are generous. If you've got a hankering for a legitimate hoagie sub "I got a sub from Bella Notte just down the street from Peppi's and I will never do that again! Bella Notte puts about one slice of each kind of meat and a bare minimum of toppings on a lot of bread "Absolutely delicious !!! Cheesesteak was so good ! I'm originally from Phildelphia  Gets very crowded during the dinner rush hour so expect to wait between 6-8 pm."  smoky....you might wait a while if you go during prime time dining....and i think they break hearts on sundays (e.g. closed)"  crotchety regulars) were it not for the world-famous burgers.  All testament to why you must go. Now."  a nice ambiance (a bar with a tin ceiling) and even a bit of view of the street and hills. And alcohol."  all served on a fresh-baked bun....well worth $9.50 and the month that mother probably took off my life.  I was also impressed that they actually cooked it to my specification; when I order a rare burger at most places  and cooked perfectly (although I wish I had ordered a burger after reading all these reviews!).  My friends got the 1 2 chicken and the salmon special We cannot believe what a jewel this is and the pleasure you get eating their fine food !!!  You must not miss it !!"  enjoy a drink and start schmoozing. Good conversation starters are the Steelers kicking ass or the Pirates being shitty." You will most likely have to wait to get a table. And sometimes they will decide to close randomly. We called ahead and they said they seat the last table at 11:00. We got there with 10 minutes to spare and they refused us saying they had shut down the grill. That was kind of annoying considering we did phone ahead and they don't really take reservations."  and probably Pittsburgh's closest equivalent of RJ Grunts in terms of good burgers."  soup and veggies are all yummy too.  Wish I didn't have to wait so long to get in  maybe I'm missing what makes it ""a classic."" I ate here for a bunch of business lunches   dinners (oooh! Let's go to Tessaro's! It's a Pittsburgh Classic!) and was consistently confused. Food = fine. Atmosphere = fine. It's a solid three stars  I feel the need to re-iterate just how great these burgers are.  After a very long night I woke up in my hotel room feeling the effects of the previous night.  Had a friend in from Delaware and he actually suggested we go after seeing it featured on the food network.  We were there before they opened and actually waited for them to unlock the doors.  I had a gourmet burger cooked perfectly.  The meat had a ton of flavor and it was grilled perfectly.  The  hash browns were a nice change than fries and the coleslaw actually tasted great and wasn't just a ""throw away"" side.  My friend chose a burger with no cheese or condiments just to savor the burger in it's pure form.  True to the hype my friend declared what I'm sure has been spoken many times that this is the ""best burger he's ever had""." Tessaro's is incredible. Best burgers in the city hands down! Servers were older and ours was friendly and helpful!  Go and have yourself one of the best burgers you will ever have in your life and add a hot homemade bowl of soup to your check "I went here after reading all the great reviews here on yelp. I was not disappointed and I don't believe my companion was either. It was a Friday night around 9 and the place was packed. We got right in and was seated in less than a minute.Our server came right to us for our drink order. We both ended up ordering burgers "A steakhouse in Bloomfield.  Went there on a Saturday night looking for a good burger.  It was a little crowded.  The burger was large and very tasty.  The buns need a lot of work.  There was no bread or anything beforehand and no appetizers on the menu.   No drink list either  is usually around and sometimes chats with the patrons.  The servers are attentive and friendly like most Pittsburghers.  It's a great neighborhood restaurant and a place I'd actually go so far as to recommend to out of towners it's that good."  for lunch on a Saturday and was not disappointed. I knew from the smell outside of the building that it was gonna be fantastic eats. We were happy with the service also. We had a party of six and did not have to wait. We will go back again and again and again..."  they screwed up my order giving me just a plain ol' burger instead much rarer than I cared for and they forgot my chips. By then  and this time I ordered a burger.  It was an exceptionally good burger (I had the bacon bleu burger)  atmosphere awesome.  I hadn't been here in years and I have had dinner here twice in the past month.  Definitely need to put this place on regular rotation.  I even think this would be a good place to come for a drink.  And I just learned that Mondays are Mexican night - I had a burrito for $5. But as my fellow guests pointed out  be prepared to be stuffed."  this place is ""it"".  Go no further.  You won't be disappointed." vgXE1I7c9ElcfYyZfQiN1Q  bacon & blue cheese).  Make sure to get the home fries - they're worth the extra Lipitor you'll probably need after the dinner."  as other restaurants claim ""second best burger in town"" in deference."  you will not be disappointed.  I highly recommend checking it out." The service was good and homely."  I still think about the burgers here... tastiest burgers in the world. I plan to make Tessaro's my #1 restaurant stop when I return to visit to PGH. Restaurant itself can be a little noisy "Putting lamb in your burger is not my idea of 'gourmet' burger. Sure it tastes unique I'd go back if a friend wanted to go I recommend you try Tessaro's at least once  unless you like fries with your burger. If that is the case you better look elsewhere. Not a fry to be found I find home fries a poor substitute with a burger. Just my two cents." Bacon blue burger though was worth the trip.  I don't see myself going back very often." Not much for atmosphere.  Don't get me wrong  but I'd definitely take an out-of-town visitor for a meal there and it's a definite stop if I'm in or near the neighborhood." "I've had better burgers at several other Pittsburgh restaurants. I have never eaten anything else on the Tessaro menu--and since it doesn't look very appealing  and red christmas bows on the lamps? My big gripe with the place was the lack of space between tables. When we were seated Don't miss out on the best burger of your life."  but still very good.  I had a cheeseburger with mushrooms and bacon.  The bun was unfortunately too small for the patty and the top portion of the bun was rock hard.  The burger was extremely large and cooked very well.  The wait staff was very friendly and the food was out immediately."  but from my limited experience the burger is undeniably the star.  I'd definitely go out of my way to come back and if you live in the area Tessaro's is a no brainer."  staff friendly and the table cloths made of jeans!  But definitely next time i will forget about my waistline and go ahead and get the darn burger!" When you go to a steakhouse you order a steak.  When you go to a coffeehouse you order a coffee.  When you go to Tessaro's you order a burger." So why three stars? 1 off for the home fires and 1 off for not grilling the burger over that hardwood." "Delicious burgers- freshly ground beef and hand-shaped and cooked on a wood-fired grill- amazing. The burgers arrive and look enormous We were welcomed in a friendly way and shown to a table where we  received great service throughout the meal. The burgers were excellent. And be sure to order the Home Fries - amazingly great taste."  this is a landmark.  The staff oozes old-school Pittsburgh.  The decorations are nothing special.  The clientele ranges from high-class businessman to the stoner down the street to mom and pop out for Friday dinner.  And all those people are typically there for one thing: the burgers.  I agree with the other reviews that tout this place as having the best burgers in Pittsburgh.  The only complaint that I have is that I reek of garlic and spices for the next 2 days after eating there- the food is that intense.  Also- it isn't necessarily worth it to get one of their more specialty burgers (cheese  flavor from the wood fire.  (Might as well be cooked over gas or an electric griddle.)  Throw in some chuck or pork fat or spices or garlic or something with some flavor and it would be much better The only downside is that if you go with your veggie friends  where the food is better and no one makes you show your ""Member's Card"" to get seated." OVERHYPED.  I've had better burgers almost everywhere. If there's one place I'd take my out-of-town friends to eat  but I've been there enough times to know that they are very friendly in general.  When I say busy I mean the place is packed and the bar is full and people are standing up at the bar waiting for a seat.  This was during the NFL playoffs so it was understandable." We'll definitely be back." A nod of thanks to the ""new"" ownership for keeping the place comfortable and friendly."  she told them literally to ""GET UP.""  She said they wouldn't seat them because I wasn't there.  By that time I had arrived at the table  my friends were still in shock by the utter rudeness.  Tessaro's was a Pittsburgh institution that my family had frequented for years.  Our treatment is a disgrace to its reputation"  though I have been here before when I had a very rude server... guess its hit or miss." But...if I want a burger and a beer - I head down the block to Lot 17 and get some options I should have went to Five Guy's! I would have been much happier!" "Food here is ok but they have huge portions and decent prices.  Service was a little slow Saturday Morning but they were nice.  They also made sure that you burgers were to your liking and didn't assume that I wanted Mayo.  The home fries however weren't as good and tasted like boiled potatoes that were greasy.  But you do have the option of getting Cole slaw  service and comfortable atmosphere perfect for a casual lunch  filet on the inside of the ground meat and this burger is heaven.  The service can be a little shaky at times and the woman who seats you can be a litttle grumpy  the bacon was completely overpowered. This was a burger that deserved national attention. Okay potato salad "Overrated. No seating until all members if party have arrived...so we awkwardly hovered over empty tables.  The second bummer here was the lack of french fries  - which is borderline criminal when you offer a burger.  The bun was dry  the four of us wandered out into daylight and realized we were covered with a light dusting of soot The setting is a real old school type of vibe. It almost feels like stepping foot in a time machine and going back to the Bloomfield of the 1950's. Wonderful lighting and a great place for a date or a night out with friends. Every time I stop back in Pittsburgh I grab a burger here!" Bottom Line: I've had better." The burgers are the juiciest biggest most incredible burgers ever! I stick with the cheeseburger because I want to enjoy the burger without any fancy smancy stuff on it. I literally had the first bite of the burger and the juice squirted out the other side. Ok  especially since it's just down the street from my sister's place in da 'Burgh."  but given how inefficient the seating system is I'd only go when you can be seated right away." The service is impeccable and I haven't had anyone who wasn't over 40 and looked like they'ved worked there their whole life. They know what they're doing and they do it quickly. Tessaro's can handle a crowd Alas my anticipation for stop number 2 was snubbed out because they were closed too. I called and was informed that the hours of operation are Monday-Saturday 11am-11pm. Three other patrons were also going burger and sadly I had to break the news to them too. Oh Dang! Maybe a dog would do the trick? After seeing the Oscar Meyer Weiner Mobile and a quick photo opp Frankie's Extra Long was next on my list."  SN Pale Ale and Sam Seasonal.  the bill for 6 people including tip came out to $25 per person for a burger and 2 drinks each."  Tessaro's gives a really satisfying sized burger. I ordered mine well done and it did seem a little overcooked. My friend ordered hers medium rare and she also said it was cooked too much. The burgers were pretty good though not the taste I was expecting. It almost tasted like one of the burgers you make at your own barbecue. It was still good  the food was great and Tessaro's is a Pittsburgh fixture. Go for the burger and see if it's the best you've ever had." PS there are options for non-meat eaters:)" "I would consider myself the burger connoisseur.  I would say the rare burger with mushrooms and raw onions at Tessaro's was definitely one of my best burger experiences.  The meat had a nice flavor and the bun was not ""bready"".  Two signs of a great burger and  the rest is just fluff.   The only reason I won't give this placet 5 stars is the bartender was not friendly...AT ALL!  Our waitress on the other hand made up for it."  and I would make sure NOT to come on a Sunday since they are not opened (whoops)."  and I ordered it to be cooked medium. I was disappointed in this place because everyone says its the best burger in town...I must be missing something. I thought the atmosphere kinda sucks and the way seating is done leaves much to be desired...overall might go back to see if it was just a fluke  they do know meat and they do serve up quality grade. Don't be afraid to order yours medium-rare or Pittsburgh rare."  first-serve) and they will try to cram four people at a table that is meant for only three. If they are not scrambling for tables to seat people waiting Another negative about this place is that people sit so close to you  but it doesn't seem like this is the type of place that would have changed." Have some pity for the poor cursed Tessaro workers Try BRGR just up the road."  Mr. Bale is an excellent tipper." "Now That's a Burger!  Great beef and grill flavor.  Its not complicated btw...knew I was in Pittsburgh when they turned off the NFL MNF game for a regular season Colorado-Toronto hockey game (ie.  and you'll continue making a fortune off them.  And I'm sure you really don't give a crap about how your manager treated this lady.  But we will NOT drop one dime more in your restaurant.  We'll take our business to Burgatory."  but a friend ordered the steak salad once and I was almost tempted to trade in my burger Stick with things off of the grill.  Also the Pittsburgh style chili is top notch.  I nice place for lunch.  very yummy!  And an interesting side dish."  lots of potatoes and plenty of salt. The waitress didn't hold her tongue on her opinion of various dishes and upon returning  nice social mixture. One of my all-time favorites. Worth waiting if you have to." "Really good burgers.  Old school.  The unique thing about the burgers is the wood smoked taste.  I ordered the home fries as a side and they were excellent.  My son ordered the potato salad Its a ""good ol' place"" and definitely brings a pang of nostalgia into my side (especially after eating so much!)." Choice of side: home fries. My friend was RAVING about the home fries and how all the other yelp-ers love them so of course I had to get them and they WERE really good! Very wonderful The bottom line for me that this is a decent place for a burger although it is far from the best burger in Pittsburgh as many claim.  I am sure that I will be back in the future as their wait staff is always good and the food worth the price." In all honesty I would've rather had Five Guys or In-n-Out burgers."  forget it. Burgers are ubiquitous and great ones are everywhere. Best burger in the city is at Kaya - the Kaya burger. Tessaro's - a fading icon of days gone by.  Enjoy the crowds "They say there are the 3 ""C's"" that make up the very best restaurants: consistency  but I could have gone for regular fries with the burger and didn't see them on the menu. Huge and oddly diverse menu. I believe I prefer burgatory..."  the potato salad with came with it was just wonderful.  I think  Tessaro's will be on our list of go to places from now on!"  greasy mess. The bread was cheap and tasteless. The home fries were just diced potatoes. That burger sat clogged in my stomach for 3 or 4 hours. And I had to make a few runs to the bathroom because I thought I was going to make a mess in my pants. Burger king is a lot better than this place and at a fraction of the cost. What else you got Pittsburgh? This better not be the best you got."  but it was pretty obvious the clueless kitchen couldn't hold up to real competition.  (If you want a decent burger Do I think that Tessaro's has reinvented the burger? No.  Do I think that if you go to Tessaro's you'll have a fantastic burger and want to come back? Yes."  the best burger I have ever had in my life is the Gourmet Burger from Tessaro's."  but I doubt it spent more than 30 seconds on the grill.  Next time I will go with Medium."  then you would find this to be ""amazing.""  I've had some of the best burgers at many cities in the US and this is an embarrassment to Pittsburgh.  Go to BRGR if you want a tasty burger near Bloomfield.  On the other end of the spectrum were the sides. The sides were classics   Tessaro's is a solid choice if you're in the mood for meat and you want to minimize your chance of running into Bloomfield hipsters." I don't understand all the rave reviews for this place.  As for me The only downfall with Tessaro's and this is not their fault is that they are alway's almost too busy. Because this place way a neighborhood bar at one point it doesn't exactly have a lobby for you to wait in while you wait to be seated so that part of your dinner may be a bit uncofortable but all in all Tessaro's will be a great experience My only disappointment regarding the place was that they did not have dessert on the menu!!  My son and I had to walk up to Paddy Cake Bakery so that he could then satisfy his sweet tooth!" I'm a big fan of this place you have to check it out." Will definitely return!" We sat at the bar and the Bartender was on top of everything "Burger was better than expected.  Service good This place will go back to being one of my favorite Pittsburgh treasures."  maybe because of the holiday) our party of 11 was sat together rather quickly at 8:30. Most of us got the Gourmet Cheeseburger and it was delicious! The burger was huge! It was juicy and full of flavor. I had mine topped with blue cheese Tessaro's is a longtime neighborhood meeting place that has survived on good service and two-fisted burgers." Tessaro's is definitely worth checking out. The lunch crowd gets a bit tight as their tables are close. Perhaps try a bit before or after the average lunch hour. Oh  hands down! The in-house ground beef is so much better than what those trendy burger bars are offering right now. Tessaro's doesn't need to top their burgers with a bunch of ridiculous toppings as their beef is just that damn good. I don't even want to try anything else there as the burger was the first thing I ever had and I keep getting it every time I go there. The BBQ burger cooked medium is perfection!"  and a nice ambiance.  The bartenders were friendly and the waitstaff was prompt and attentive.  Recommended for a nice date night or just stopping in for a nice meal!" They also won't seat you until your entire party is there.  Don't expect to send someone early to get a seat If you're new to the Burgh or new to the boutique burger scene do yourself a favor and get over to Bloomfield for the reigning champ Service is always friendly and prompt - but the food is just...OK. I think this place is just more of a Pittsburgh tradition like the similarly overrated Primanti's." One of the best tasting burgers ever!! =)  I just wonder how long that burger is going to remain in my gut.  I think I can feel the bacteria burping away in there right about now... Ugh." "I went here with my fiance and his sister. We each got a different burger with different sides. Each of us was extremely happy. Our burgers were cooked to the correct temperature which doesn't happen very often. The fries were really tasty and the portion size was great. The only complaint I have is that it was very crowded and it felt like we were almost sharing a table with the group next to us because we were seated so close. Other than that Now I know exactly where I'll want to go when I'm craving a big juicy burger!"  the meat itself was good but I'm sorry even the best burger needs seasoning and flavorful toppings. If the bacon and bleu cheese had been 1st rate  makes everyone feel at home and as if you are her only concern.  The burgers are the highest quality meat vgXE1I7c9ElcfYyZfQiN1Q  great red skin potatoes. A must. And all for a great price. Lisa was our server at lunch and she is excellent. This is 5-star food for a great price."  I was disappointed by the quality of food as well as the service." A classic! Perfect burger to compliment my visit to Pittsburgh. Can't wait to come back.  and the place has an old-time charm to it. It worked for me. They have no desserts  but after spending 2 minutes watching my 1.5 year old thrash around I can tell you their is a big difference. The waitress made it seem as though it was my fault for bringing him. Yelp says good for kids they said we have a high chair. The waitress was about as warm and friendly as a night in spent sleeping in the snow naked. The potato salad was awesome everything else was super sub par. The burgers are big and if you looking for a giant patty of cheap meat then this is your place. I feel bad because unlike most places I give two stars I really want to like this place."  it was inedible but atleast the server  was kind enough to not charge me for the burger Overall opinion = I've heard that this place has received awards for best burger in Pgh.  Not sure if I can share that opinion yet since I'm new to the city  we walked in and waited to be greeted. The inside looked a bit old and run down. Tip: they do not have highchairs only booster seats which is impossible to get a squirmy baby to stay in. I would not suggest bringing a baby here. The tables are also very small and close together. We actually had to move the table out to get in and out of the corner booth. I decided on the basic cheeseburger and ordered the boiled red skin potatoes for the baby and a side of chips for me fully expecting homemade chips. Not the case. I got a handful of what seemed to be a ruffles knock off. The potatoes were very bland despite being served with warm butter on the side. Great for a picky baby. Bad for an adult who is looking for something tasty. Now to the burger. Huge They also split our order in half to share with my partner at no charge. Thanks!"  and this plays its role as well.  Service is also nice and fast every time I have been there.  All in all I highly recommend Tessaro's and be sure I will be going back!" "This is the only burger place I have ever been to that doesn't serve french fries. WTF? Went once To finish up Tessaro's is a perfect example of old school. Everything about them just reeks of tradition. With all the new gourmet burger joints popping up around Pittsburgh it warms my salty red neat engorged heart to see that the original isn't just alive and kicking Tessaro's is famous for its burgers and that is why I go there!  This is old Pittsburgh at its finest.  It doesn't try to be hip or trendy - it just is!  Excellent service and great food is what this place offers.  It doesn't disappoint! A classic old-school joint. The bar dates back I don't know how long. And the service has that old-school quality. I wanted for nothing. I was stuffed by the burger they served me. It was tasty and delicious. I can't wait to go back and enjoy another. vgXE1I7c9ElcfYyZfQiN1Q  and the menu--even for a carnivore like me---was too meat heavy. And we had to wait to be seated and it was not super cheap vgXE1I7c9ElcfYyZfQiN1Q Start out by saying I worked there almost 20 years ago and the place and the employees are the same. In the restaurant business or any business constancy is key. The food is very good and the place is clean. It looks old because it is but that's part of fun. The family who owns it is a great family. If you go through Bloomfield stop in but make sure your hungry.  cole slaw or home fries.  I've never had a bad burger  (though sometimes they can be overcooked when I order medium) or experience here (service has always been top notch).  I respect that they continue to do what has always made them successful and hope that they can keep up with all the burger competition."  a lot of fish specials (mostly expensive) "We dined here in January with friends and had a really good time. The burgers are huge and flavorful. I had the barbecue bacon burger which was fantastic. My wife had the reuben burger and was disappointed with the quality and flavor. Drinks are pricey here  and tier homefries and potato salad are the best sides they offer! Sometimes depending on the wait staff they will give you half homefries and half potato salad to enjoy both! You can never go wrong with the bbq burger - I get it with mild BBQ sauce and add cheddar cheese and bacon. I am dying to try the deli burger but have yet to do so." "Fast service and excellent food. I had the kelly burger. It was awesome. It was busy  sorry BRGR and Burgatory.  This place is always consistent and reasonable.  Great location to everything else in town." You'll never find a better filet for the price anywhere and I mean not just in Pittsburgh....  Always cooked to perfection and the iced tea is almost as refreshing as the steak... "Amazing burgers!  Just moved to Pittsburgh and thought I had ""the best burger in town""  ---  I was wrong!  Just had the plain ole cheeseburger w homefries and it was delish!  I will be back very soon!    Also had a decent draft selection :-)" The service was up to par. I came with a huge party and they seated us and took our orders with no problem. They even stuck a candle into my friend's burger for her birthday. Overall  there were four of us). My breakfast burger was decent--the runny egg was great and everything a runny egg should be  and toppings....Tessaro's says take the freaking giant tasty burger and enjoy the finest piece of ground cow you will stick in your mouth." "Good place to have a reasonable meal. Cool that everything is made out of an extremely small kitchen that you can see but the food didnt live up to the local hype for me.  Burger tasted alittle bland  I really don't understand the hype. Mediocre food and mediocre service."  you can watch the cooks make your food through a large window at the back of the dining room.  We couldn't get past the burger menu. There are other things on the menu but we came for burgers.  I has the blue cheese bacon burger and it was fantastic.  The home fries were so good but they contain bacon in case your a vegetarian and don't expect it.  They are great.  My husband had a cheddar burger and it too was great.  Full bar service.  Can't wait to go back!"  very blue collar food and environment. Great Pittsburgh experience. The burgers are insane."  though I wish it had egg chunks in it." Some have commented negatively on the service and or preparation. I have always found both to be first rate." "Not big on burgers but my boyfriend loves them so we had to stop by! He loved his breakfast burger and said it's in his top favorite burgers of all time. I got the chicken sandwich and it was very smokey and unique tasting I really liked that.. Now I'm not a huge fan of the big sandwiches you can barely fit in your mouth but this place was pretty good! Sandwiches are also pretty messy which I'm not a fan of but hey for being the ""messy Just my opinion thought. I am judging a burger on greasy content Great eats. When in Pittsburgh I will make time for a stop at Tessaro's."  Tessaro's.  Thanks for not changing!   See you again soon (especially if our 16 year old decides he loves Pitt!)"  but what caught my eye was everything else (especially the filet mignon) that was coming out of the kitchen. Every dish looked better than the last. The bar has a good selection of beers and the bartender knew how to make mixed drinks above the level of rum and coke. If you haven't been here yet than you're missing out."  but its worth the wait.  The food is really good.  Its not great but its really good.  Def worth checking out." "Had the Italian sandwich with a side of potato salad. I was amazed at the flavors in the sandwich. The meats were grilled as was the bread and the salsa-type topping on the sandwich made all the difference. So so so delish!  Will definitely go back when I'm in the area. Oh  Tessaro's has a decent sandwich game at lunch. I'll be the judge of that at a later time."  homey atmosphere. If you ask to split a burger with someone at your table it comes out pre-cut with your side evenly divided on separate plates. I've been here multiple times Bad customer service and to be honest we had bad service all around." Lived up to its reputation. Burger great. Home fries tasty.  Plus great local chit chat at nearby tables! Steak sandwich was very good. Potato salad was very good. Home fries were very good. Kelly's gourmet burger was just good. Service very good! Will definitely come back especially for the friendliness of the owners. This is a Pittsburgh icon.  if you get the veggies as your side don't get them cooked on the grill. Sometimes they will do this and char them a bit which is delicious but if your burger is cooked in the same spot the residual plant matter sullies the flavor of the meat."  but that's it. They don't know how to cook steaks unless you like hockey pucks. They also have a wind problem every time the front door is open. Finally "All the locals recommended this place to me for burgers and I've tried them twice to just make sure the first time wasn't a goof. But both times They make some of the best burgers in Pittsburgh!  They have great potatoes also!  The service was good with a friendly staff.  I also had a steak salad there once which was really good a lot of steak on it with potatoes!  but that's to be expected. Despite how crowded it was the service was excellent and I very much enjoyed my HUGE breakfast burger. Reasonable prices This place is worth checking out of you want a great burger!   It will make you want to come back!  and then interrogated by her after sending an order back for not meeting the clear specifications given to the waitress.  Living in Latin America and traveling in Asia for some time ""When you bite into your first Tessaro's burger it's a fantastic experience.  You can taste the grill history (the proteins of the grilled past.)""" This place needs to be closed for a few days of deep cleaning.  If they don't care about the cleanliness of the dining room  but this is a quintessential traditional neighborhood casual dining establishment and won't let you down." I love the way they cook their burgers on the hardwood grill.  As soon as you open the door you know that you are in the right place." "I've been in a burger craze and been trying burgers in a few different States where I see they have won contests.  Tessaro's hands down has the best by far  etc to shame.  Great local spot with friendly service that won't break the bank.  One of my favorites!" As a local Pittsburgher I've eaten there many times. I can say that I've Never had a bad meal or a bad experience there in any way. I highly recommend it . If you need some meat and friendly service in your life  the ambiance of this corner spot  is warm and dark. The service is provided by a very competent crew who seems to have been around for quite some time. The food came out in good time and was just delicious. Portions were generous. I especially appreciated the heavy wine pour. Meats were exactly as requested and cooked over an open flame in site. Tessaro's is not cheap but it is highly recommended."  but the slight inconsistency on our second visit opted out for a 3 instead. The home fries served were way over cooked with half of its serving being burnt & drinks were a little flat. On a plus side- the meats are cooked exactly how you request it to be. Great selections of drinks for their ""small town laid back bar"" ambiance & the workers are very friendly." WORST service and seating EVER! We were standing in the little doorway for an hour to be seated.  And the old seating lady who wore tons of bracelet messed up with the seating list (basically she seated whoever she wanted to seat). Food is ok but the service is a thumb down.  I would never come back.  and everyone said the food lived up to its glorious reputation. (Frequently perpetuated by myself) Our waitress did a wonderful job handling the various food and drink orders customizations  went back several times and the burger meat was excellent when properly cooked  it was a great experience and I'll be back." That may have been one of the best burgers I've ever had! Made perfectly to order and worth every penny. I went in summer and it was a full house but not too full that I needed to wait. "In the 'burgh on business and looking for a cool place to eat.   Knew I found it as soon as I walked in.   Old school look and feel with great food to back up any drink from the bar.   Sat at the bar and ordered a wood fire burger that was fantastic.  Truly best burger in the 'burgh and the home fries were a bonus.  One thing is certain The service was great."  and I am very glad I did.. Food was awesome!! Large portions and a variety on the menu I could hardly decide what I wanted because everything looked so good! The service there was great our waitress took the time and actually had personal conversations with my mother and I. I would def come again when I am in the area!" "Delicious burgers. Fantastic steak. Friendly service. Sometimes there is a line out the door and around the corner but if you want an amazing meal Fantastic dinner.  I had a chicken kabob grilled with veggies.  It was very tasty.  The best.  Highly recommended.  Their burgers looked really good too! Service was excellent. Great place first time there food was delicious while there we saw steeler player Britt kiesel wow!!! Sorry posted wrong pic for food Service is always good and friendly. And the new deck is going to be my regular spot!!"  not to busy they had just opened. Sat out in the bar room  but it looks like other dining areas in the next room . the place was very well maintained and clean. waitress was friendly and prompt. we both had burgers and potato salad and I must say that was the best burgher I have ever had and I have tried a lot of them . Cooked to perfection fresh and juicy meat. everything was great will be going back soon."  so I visit Tessaro's often. It isn't a hit or miss place. I always know the food and service will be excellent. I introduced my parents to Tessaro's when they visited awhile back and now my mom asks to go every time they're in town. I worked for a long time in the service industry and I know what I'm talking about when I say Tessaro's is the epitome of well-run and well staffed. There's often a wait  I go to a gourmet burger place they always over cook the burger. I have lots of love for this place and I try to go every time I visit the Burgh again."  just very well put together. Food is great and since this is a Pittsburghs staple vgXE1I7c9ElcfYyZfQiN1Q The only reason to give this place 5 stars us because I could not add a 6th. Quite simply if God created a perfect hamburger it would be almost as good as tessaro's. For starters I loved the charm of this place and my date did as well. Just a side note she is never pleased. The decor is comfortable and eclectic. The smells are heavenly. The service fantastic. Now for the good stuff. We started with the saute mushrooms and all I can say is wow. These might be one of the top 10 appetizers I ever at with no exaggeration. You must try them. Now for the huge succulent slice of heaven called a burger. I can say without reservation there is no way it could be bested. This perfectly charred hunk of meaty goodness should be on everyone's bucket list. Try this place or you have missed a great experience.  have a couple of great memories here with some people I really care about from this city. That's what makes the experience that much better on another level. Going backwards  maybe the safest in the city. There are a fair amount of eateries here.  Pass them up. Go here." "Tessaro's is a true Pittsburgh establishment.  You will always get a top notch burger with no nonsense service.  To appreciate Tessaro's you have to accept that you wont get fries with your hamburger (but the home fries are delicious).  And you have to accept that reservations are not accepted  but it will NOT be another 4 years til we go back ;)" "best steak salad in Pittsburgh.  Service varies at times  eating at Tessaro's is like eating a Costco hotdog. When it's happening you're lovin' it. It's tasting good and you're feeling like a red blooded American. When it's over you can't stop asking yourself ""Why did I put that inside me?"" This place makes my GI system do cartwheels 100% of the time. Now I haven't been here in a couple of years but have been there numerous times in the past. Absolutely the best burger in pittsburgh. I highly recommend coming here to anyone who enjoys a good burger."  very close together when they are all split into two-person tables. We were having awkward first date conversations and the couples around us may as well have been at our table. I did not enjoy that. Aside from that Over-rated when it comes to the burgers. I've had way better. Staff was friendly and drinks were reasonable but nothing to rave about. One thing I didn't realize is all the fixins come on the side for you to put on it such as the pickles I want to give Tessaro's 2.5 stars because they have a cute ambiance."  I still rank Tessaro's as the best burger in Pittsburgh. They are always busy but the friendly staff will get those in line a seat as rapidly as possible and I rarely wait for a seat for more than 5-10 minutes. Their outdoor patio is also a fairly new addition that is very nice in the summer months." terrible service. quality of food has gone downhill This is a great place to go for drinks and a hearty dinner. Will be returning frequently. This is a place I really hope stays open for another 50 years." This place is good. The style from the outside doesn't really portray what is on the inside. Our waitress was great! Burgers were good. The atmosphere Is a little dated. Menu was limited. Over all it was a good burger and great staff.  it's the atmosphere the bar the servers or bartenders everybody inside who works here makes it worth going out for food and a few drinks  so you feel a little cramped in there... wait that's a common thing here in Pittsburgh that I'm slowly discovering. Overall not bad. No real complaints." Food was good but not at all worth the wait.  lack concern makes me wonder if we will be back." Still - it's a favorite of mine as long as you go in with not too high expectations." This is one of our favorite places to go to! The burgers are to die for and the service is always great. I love the old diner feel to this place. I always get the breakfast burger and redskin potatoes. It never disappoints! "Word on the street is that Tessaro's has the best burger in Pittsburgh so I had to go all out and get their Gourmet Cheeseburger. No doubt that a Tessaro's burger is HUGE. It also has great grilled flavor. However  I would definitely suggest the burgers or the spinach salad for a lighter option." "Tessaro's is really good! I especially loved the laid back and retro atmosphere and I thought the service was great. I ordered the bleu cheese burger with house fries and while I thought the burger was good but a little on the bland side "Arrived late into Pittsburgh and this was a quaint little neighborhood joint.   The burgers weren't bad - I ordered the steak burger that the waitress recommended "It had been many years since I've been to Tessaro's and it's still just as great as I remember. We went on  Monday night and there was a really decent sized crowd  filled to the brim with toppings and dripping with Italian dressing sandwiches of love. Ok  I might try Tessaro's again on the chance that this was just an off night Great atmosphere. Love the food. I will recommend this place to everyone. Very impressed with the quality of my food. This is important to me. Good job Tessaros! "This is a must stop if you are in Bloomfield as people claim it has the best burgers in the burgh! While we were there last night for a birthday celebration we ran into a friend who drove an hour to come for dinner. The restaurant often looks closed from the outside but don't let that fool. They do not take reservations and it often gets quite busy so be prepared to grab a drink at the bar ( seats turnover pretty quickly). They have a decent selection of drafts including a number of local brews. The menu has many other options besides burgers including salads and ribs. I always stick with a burger and my favorite is the blue cheese and bacon. You have your choice of creamy or crumbled blue cheese and lettuce Ate at the bar this time. Service wasn't as good this time"  nasty homophobes. Every level of steak doneness here means ""burnt"". If you you like either of those things I got to chatting with folks at the next table. The lady there told me this restaurant gets their bread from the Allegro Hearth bakery in Squirrel Hill where I had previously been. Her friend ordered what they call the breakfast burger. It comes with bacon and a fried egg on top. He told me he loves the sandwich that way. He had never eaten here so I politely asked him what he thought of his sandwich. He told me it was to die for!  I did observe the larger portion and realized there would be no way I could finish it so I'm glad I had the option of ordering the smaller burger. It was just enough for me. I was in and out within the hour. They do have a full bar. Bike parking is available and around the corner is a metered lot. Next time I'm craving a burger I'll be sure to come here!" Awesome burgers. But no high chairs? Why would you have booster seats and not high chairs? Get some and families will come at your slow times!  were they great!  We were given the wrong check when ready to depart.  The food was worthy of 4 stars I heard great things about Tessaro's.  I ordered a medium cooked hamburger.  The 3 stars is because the burger was cooked extra well done.  The outsides were burned.  I couldn't send it back because I didn't  have the time to.  While this place gets great review the burgers themselves are not really that great.  The reason for the extra star was because their service was good.  this is the place to go. Burgers were huge and delicious plus the service was great. Only downside was ordering a tequila sunrise and getting what tasted like a full glass of tequila with a drop of grenadine. Great food though!"  but they had home fries. We were expecting really good home fries since they refuse to do fries because of them. They were soggy The burgers are so big and delicious that I can actually get three meals out of them. Sometimes take for granted living just down the street but so glad I do. Something kinda weird happened there a couple of years ago: waitress was taking us back to our table and she accidentally knocked over a small trash can at front of restaurant. She used our menus to scoop the trash back in. This was the first time my friend had been there. Needless to say he was a little skeptical eating after seeing that. No worries though because he's been back a ton of times. "Best burger in Pittsburgh. Full stop. What else do you need to know? They have other food too  portions were ample and the food temperature was perfect. When I am back in Pittsburgh I will definitely go back. 5 stars all day long!!!" Would I recommend it? Probably not. Will I return? Inevitably." I thought that the food was fair however the waitress was very slow or had to many table.  it was a Monday I didn't think it was that busy. None of this is exaggeration. I was seriously appalled." Can this place get an order correct the 1st time? I think not!  but didn't. The food quality itself honestly isn't bad for fast food. Wendy's really has improved! The burger wasn't as greasy as usual and the fries are crunchy and full of flavor! I love the sea salt! They also has a small bakery selection. Darren and I shared an Oreo brownie. Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuumy!"  I have been there 2 or 3 times with simple take-out orders and everything seemed to go fine. Got what I ordered in a reasonable amount of time and everyone on the crew were if not working "Service is inconsistent but I like the food over the other fast food chains. I really wish they could get the floors clean so they're not sticky. I think it's their spiffy new soda fountains The best Wendy's I've been to in Pittsburgh. They consistently make good food. The service is average but the food here is near perfect everytime. Spicy chicken sandwich is my main go to but I've had the burgers and they are nice and juicy. I'd say if you're looking for a good fast food place this Wendy's is a great choice. Literally the worst experience ever. You pay for two meals and get chicken nuggets on a bun instead of a chicken sandwich. Absolutely inexcusable and not funny at all. Playing with people's food and money....two things you should not mess with. When I went back for my refund the kids seemed to think it was rather funny and offered to make me a new one which I refused because I don't trust them with my food and God only knows what they're doing back there. Worst McDonalds!!! they took 45 min for one burger BULLSHIT!!! someone needs fired! "I've never had bad drive-thru service here and their food is sometimes all you need. Like when I'm hungry "Seriously the worst McDonalds I've ever been to. Service is always slow. I'm currently sitting in the parking lot right now with about 4 other cars from the drive thru that are waiting for food. If I could read my receipt (printer must be low on ink)  but all those people still can't get your food out in less than 10 minutes. But while you are waiting you can watching another half dozen employees at the take-out window chatting the day away while one person occasionally fills up a bag and gets an order out."  but this is actually the worst one I've ever been to. It's only a 2 minute drive for me  if these people get a raise to $12 hr i'll kill myself!" As soon as I can find somewhere else to go on laundry mornings  the greeting I got was "" what do you want "" . The woman who waited on my obviously didn't finish the sixth grade and didn't care about manners . She was slow as molasses even though there were several people in line behind me . After taking time out to BS to a coworker about her weekend  I guess this experience reminded me of why I limit my trips to fast food chains as much as possible."  rude service.  12 minute wait for fast food?!?!"  I sort of lost my cool in this store and stormed out without my food. I sat in my car fuming (over something stupid) and who I suspect to be the supervisor walked out and brought me my food  if you what fast food then this is definitely NOT the place for you at all !! Service is horrible Went here after dinner to grab a frosty but gave up after an extended wait. The cashiers were busy chatting with their friends and couldn't be bothered to help anyone in line. The location also seemed a bit sketchy; I'd avoid this one. Try Panera Bread across the street. Gotta luv using french fries as a fork for your frostee and seeing it partially melt around the fry." Food was fresh and hot. Can't ask for more from a Wendy's."  and because pittsburgh is one of only around four metropolitan areas where wendy's currently offers breakfast. although nothing would ever match up to in n out  an accomplishment that I did not think was possible - the crispy little polygons are spiced to delicious perfection and are a great compliment to the square (ciabatta-eqsue?) sausage muffin. Morning heartburn? Yes A'ight... I'm just lettin' you know."  not fun to sit there waiting when you really need to use the facilities.  It's like that long ride on the turnpike when you already passed the last rest stop for 50 miles."  except with slower service! Employees show no sense of urgency. There are two cash registers inside but I've never seen more than one being used at once what is it with Wendys ?  They never get the orders right. If any of the employees would smile I would die from shock.  This review applies to many of the Wendys  that I have been to. Even in Florida.  Do they train them to be rude and ignorant ? "Don't use the drive-thru. I'm not sure why I keep coming here (probably because the food is decent enough and cheap). Every time I'm here Funny story. 1 1 14 @ 3am. We just left Southside & were driving around aimlessly looking for places to eat. At last we spot Wendys & a drive thru line wrapped around. We wait.. & wait & wait. A few cars leave & we move. & wait some more. Finally we decide to leave after realizing it'll take forever to get through the line. We drive past the window & boom.. It's dark & closed. We look at the Wendys sign which states they close at 6pm new years eve. So a line of 20 cars including us all had a dummy moment the very beginning of 2014  as it's the same as any other Wendy's. So it's fine if you have time to kill." Swing and miss. Never again."  wait times average 15 minutes to 40 minutes for drive through during peak times. If youre going to run a fast food joint the keyword is ""fast""" My only complaint is the size of burger. Isn't it too small?????? I am an Asian girl and don't eat too much but still..... I wasn't satisfied with the amount of it." "the drive thru line is always too long and moves too slowly. sometimes cars are stuck on Baum blvd. also Worst Wendy's I have ever had. The line of cars for the drive thru was into the street yet when we got our food everything was cold. Nothing was fresh. The night crew obviously does not care to do their jobs and provide any kind of good service or decent food.  it would make sense to have enough staff left so that people aren't sitting in the drive-through line for more than 20 minutes.. Can't vouch for the food yet but man this wait is ridculous."  how very unprofessional.  The employee who rung me up had no personality and over charged me cause I didn't request an combo meal.  Sure she knew that rude. The place is dirty too. I won't ever be going back."  a little Mickey D's partay is going on. There's whistling and shouting. Hm...Why wasn't I invited? So he takes our order to the best of his ability  it's an older crowd late afternoon so the employees may not be 100% to blame. Our cashier was limited with English yet blamed me when she made a mistake. It was a simple mistake but that is very rude to a customer." "Have to give 4 stars to this particular BK. Always excellent quick service. Orders always accurate. Food cooked fresh. Breakfast tomorrow This place has gone down hill fast!  The staff makes it feels like you are bothering them when you order.  And 90% of the time your order is wrong.  Such a dissappointment! Worse still is the pay station on the next corner and an incredibly tight turn to the pickup window. I'm sure a lot of people have scraped the crap out of their cars just navigating the turn. Wouldn't that just tick you off knowing you cost yourself hundreds of dollars in body shop repair by getting a $.99 burger? Whoa! And if that wasn't bad enough  it's as though they are doing you a favor by serving you at all. Dave Thomas is rolling over in his grave. This is nothing new. This has always been my least favorite Wendy's. Try it for yourself and write it up if you fare better."  ect. He was super kind. You dont see that too often nowadays" I love Wendy's in NC they have the Carolina Classic sandwich Worst wendy's I have ever been to in my travels all over the USA. Normally Wendy's is at the top of my fast food list. This particular location is HORRIBLE. AVOID !!! "It is a Wendy's. It is newer. The bathrooms are clean. The drinks are cold. Not much to critique. Oh "I have been to this location maybe 10 times in the past few years and every time I go through the drive through the order is wrong. No fries Love the baconator. Service is top notch and quick. fry recipe isn't my favorite but a lot of people like it Kudos to major employers in small I'm a big fan of mc d's but I was expecting more when I saw pork chop biscuit what a fail. Have been to many many different McDs across US and have generally found all of their WiFi is spotty if useable at all in places."  and the outside is always well landscaped. This McDonalds has won the town's ""Yard of the month"" award on numerous occasions. The drive thru is the fastest you will find for any fast food restaurant  fast. Fries were hot. Parking lot a little hard to get out of Having people that don't speak English very well taking orders in the drive thru is a recipe for failure.  I always try to double check but feel rushed because of the amount of people behind me. My order is right 50% of the time. Worst McDonalds in the United States of America. I could get food faster in a prison cell. You have a better chance of the Pope going to hell than getting good service here. qJTHaHFKQIKXKX3I17Nw9w Too bad McDonalds is going the way of Nokia and Sony!"  and your food arrives quickly. Their breakfast is especially great! Living right down the street from another Micky D's "Horrible!!! DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION! For all their ""appreciation"" you would think they could get your order right?! Nope!!!!!! Not to mention they don't fill your drink! The past two times we went my smoothie was missing an inch from the top?!!!!" "A little annoyed that there were 3 cars parked having to wait on food. The guy running food was good though   while you are the ONLY person there.....drop in on this hole in the wall.  It is possible!"  and the ice maker makes a weird slurping sound....like someones in there. This place has such a lousy reputation that the line around the half gas station McDonalds can be wrapped around twice and no one will wait at Burger King. King Nasty!" 5vLVIomtminS_q8itJquEQ Overall good experience Consistently the slowest service ever experienced at any McD's. "I wish I could give less stars. I don't know how accurate that A rating is "Truly the most horrible McDonald's on the planet and personally I wish they would just go out of business instead of wasting peoples time going there at all.. I blame the horrible owners the ""Harristons I've called them at 704-545-5970 and complained to them before the only way to really get something done is complain to corporate. You call the location directly on the phone its always busy And that's your 20 second review.. I warned ya." Z2ks3quiwbkMDY1sVDW9OQ  and I've never had a major issue with this store. I tried the new Chicken Bacon Wrap and it was tasty. If in the area and hungry  but gave it to me and apologized. I'm not a huge mc d's fan bcuz of health reasons  no condiments at all...every visit he encounters something wrong...he says he is never going back....please check your bags." "They can not even simple order right I don't understand why service is so slow and then we u get your food its wrong. If you use drive thru and special order anything IE  it's affordable. Lunch normally runs me $7 or $8. Matt's is often packed with Wachovia employees at lunchtime. If you've got a flexible schedule  and enjoyed them immensely.  I just wish we had someplace like Matt's near MY workplace If you're looking for a hot dog in Chicago  but it is $4 for 30 mins or something crazy like that.  I drive past it and park in front of the Duke energy building at a meter and walk in for my fix.  The hot dogs are great  etc. but I only go for the hot dogs. Pleasant setting by an artsy greenbelt park tucked between bldgs in Uptown. I make a point to have lunch there on my fairly frequent visits to Charlotte." Overall it was a great hot dog.  i'll definitely stop in again before I leave Charlotte." "I am going to keep my rating four stars simply because I love their Chicago dogs  etc. You can get everything ""Carolina style"" too if you're so inclined. Located on The Green near Aquavina. Great outdoor seating on a nice day!" I definitely want to come back and try a few other menu items...I see a cheesy beef in my future."  the fries were mushy and soft but I am equal opportunity when it comes to fried potatoes and will eat whatever you put in front of me. $6 something for a lunch combo with side (fries or chips) and drink (free refills-holla!) is a great deal in my eyes and you can eat outside if the weather is nice. When I went in for a refill gpCtDCSXIoQx70cq9itfNA I digress. Tasteful decor is not a dealbreaker though. I'm sure I'll be back."  Michigan. I love a good chicago dog no matter where it came from and Matt knows how to make a good dog." There always seems to be a little bit of a confusion when you try and get your food from the counter. They'll call your number and you pick up your food with no problem  and romaine lettuce with a balsamic dressing. It is one of the best salads downtown!"  I usually end up getting the Italian cheesy beef thing dipped in its own juice... It comes loaded with meat and never fails to fill you up. Sit outside with a side homemade chips and you'll definitely get your money's worth." "great dogs for under $4.  The dogs were a little skinny I would definitely recommend Matt's Chicago Dog for anyone in the area."  a MUST for every trip to NC from now on."  seeing this was my only option to fill a craving I went for it.  Very good dog and the Carolina dog was on par and perhaps even better.  If visiting Charlotte (kinda pricey...combo #12 is a Two Dog Combo = 8.69 --- really????)"  I am looking forward to another visit when I am Uptown.  The fries (my daughter's) were not to my liking but the tea was acceptable.  The restaurant is small so stopping in before or after the lunch hour is probably a good idea if you want to get a seat.  However Good inexpensive eats. The have ridiculous combinations for dogs and burgers and the prices are extremely fare. I will definitely return the next time I am in Charlotte.  its truly a great dog!!!" It's so cheap that it's hard to complain but I can't say this was a particularly good chicago dog. Still for 3 bucks it's a good snack lunch and it's right next to where I work! Since its about a 15 minute walk from the hotel we stay at and no car it will see me for lunch again."  and Matt's is located on the first floor of what appears to be a newer condominium building. The entrance is adjacent to an outside green space area with multiple other shops and eateries nearby.  Fantastic seating outside and ample table space inside.  He went for the BBQ pork and I chose the Italian beef with cheese and hot peppers ( vs sweet). Au jus on the side  and that pesky craving for hot dogs? Totally slayed."  do Chgo proud and get the meatier   plump size dog to show NC what a Chgo dog is all about! C'mon Matt! remember your roots! Me and Da Coach will try it again in a few weeks - hope you can make the change and get it right!"  and the guy just stared at me like I was interrupting something that he had going on. I said Hi and he looked confused.....sooo before I placed my order I decided to give him some customer service 101......GREET!! I am amazed at the lack of individuals willing to at least do their jobs these days." For those who aren't getting a hot dog (yes at Matt's Chicago Dog) this is a review for you. I got the chicken salad sandwich to-go for lunch which came with chips and a container of fruit. The bread was great. The filling was okay. I had no trouble eating it for lunch and was relatively filling. There's a good amount of chicken in their chicken salad so not a lot of filler. The potato chips are thinly sliced but not very flavorful (It seemed unevenly salted). I finished off the lunch with a giant chocolate chip cookie which had the right level of sweetness but a bit too hard for my tastes. "Born and raised in Chicago so I am happy to find a place that serves Vienna dogs and also has Italian Beef the Chicago way.  The dogs were awesome and the beef was really good except I don't like Vienna's giardiniera relish....I prefer Marconis!  If Matt's used Marconi's relish instead and was able to get the Turano bread delivered fresh  even during busy service.  it's somewhat of a hike for me to do for lunch (from far east Charlotte) but it's certainly worth the time!" really good dogs and burgers! I have actually gone to Matt's Chicago Dog for lunch for 4 consecutive weeks. Great place for lunch. They have really fast service seemingly even when there is a crowd. I have made it my business to try a few different things all of the items I've had were great. My only complaint would be on the homemade fries. Be sure to check your order because you do not want them cold. Definitely plan on going back.  best hotdogs I've had in a long time. The Carolina dog is great Somewhat cheap and very good = good lunch spot." So overall I love Matt's as it does provide me with a LITTLE taste of home. I can only hope that SOMEONE opens up a REAL CHICAGO PIZZA place here in Charlotte....while I love thin pizza  bits of sausage and tangy tomato sauce inside. Sooooo good..... Do yourself a favor and get 2 of them and thank me after. I grew up in the Chicago area and everything here is just like I remember it. I just saw that they are now serving Chicago-style deep dish pizza! Can't wait to give it a try. They also have Vienna Beef hot dogs which are literally the best hot dogs you'll ever eat. I like to eat them with fries and cheese. Ask for extra crunchy fries because they tend to be soft OK... I haven't had a chicago dog here (gasp!) but all the rest of the food I have had here has been very solid so I am sure their Chicago dogs are great.  It's not Chicago The cheese used for the cheese fries is an absolute ""boooo!"". I will not try those again." Made to order jalapeo poppers were amazing! Such a fun place to try as we were visiting charlotte for the day! This location is really convenient to my office so I find myself there at least a couple times a month and will continue doing so as long as they remain consistent in what they do." I guess after all the raving about the roast beef I need to try the hot dogs. It will be hard to ignore that sandwich though."  My fiance ordered the Bratwurst......which tasted horrible. My order was Perfection!!!! Also the weather was beautiful today. Unfortunately this location is closed on Saturday's.......boooo! I hear the Deepdish pizza is DeeeeeLish! Anywho  I would go again and would recommend this place if you are in the mood for a hot dog." Staff was really friendly and drove this review to 4 stars." This is the best place to visit when you're craving a good dog!" This place was a home run !!!  Many hot dog and burger choices.    They even gave us a free refill on our sweet tea !"  a line will sometime go out the doors and their is a wait as they make your food fresh.  I recommend sticking with their hot dogs and sausages  and the lunch combo is a great deal. It's also in a good location on a small park   courtyard with some outdoor seating options" "I seriously crave their pizza puffs!!! They are the best thing ever. Filled with gooey cheese and pepperoni. I haven't tried anything else but if you ever get the chance to go  each time the meat was tough - under cooked perhaps to stretch the serving portion. I kept thinking I got a bad batch but the sandwiches are pretty expensive so I won't be giving it another shot. They use Vienna beef so I would suggest cooking the meat longer and giving the customer a decent portion." The manager here is super nice. The food is consistently great. If you are in uptown or near another location I implore you to try this place out. I eat at the one in uptown during lunch dates with co-workers and the manager there always does a great job and remembers the regulars. This is something I greatly appreciate! Keep up the good work. "Have you ever been to a sports bar where there is no games on? Enough said. If I must give you more reason why you can skip this place  when it's from a package? Why give french fries with most of them burned? Why not have a vegetarian burger in addition to all the artery clogging ones? The reason for the one star A sports bar is never going to be my first choice of where to grab a beer. But if it's sports you are looking for- check this place out. Just make sure the bartender knows what it is YOU want to watch. It's more fun that way!"  they should not be this bad....." vIXUw1cLG84-m8LzOg3f-w  service was pretty bad but more than anything I'm just mad at myself that I didn't do a bit more research. Definitely should have found a local lunch gem that would have satisfied my appetite and need for a great cultural experience. There's always next time."  the tea tasted like crap and the food took foreeeeever to come. The waitress shifted from friendly to rude and then back I was thinking about asking her if she had a evil twin sister or something." vIXUw1cLG84-m8LzOg3f-w My advice....avoid it and keep it movin!" The kicker: the sidewalk sign outside their door read ""Charlotte's Finest"" ... Methinks not."  and we haven't seen our waitress in 45 minutes (writing this review while waiting to ask for the check). I'll write another review tomorrow if I'm still here waiting."  it was St. Patricks day and the place was packed  beer so-so and food not up to par.  Sorry guys you really need to repair the beer machine and hire a cook." I guess if it's raining out and you are stuck and have no place to go I'd check it out. But under any other circumstances you'd probably get a better meal by walking a half block in any direction." "Good sports bar. Went here after the Bobcats game expecting it to be super packed like the other nearby bars  but you might expect somewhere between fast food and made to order here." We didn't eat but it seems to be typical bar-food. The atmosphere looks very corporate circa 90s ...if that makes any sense. I wouldn't run back anytime soon (not a very interesting unique bar) but at the time it fit the bill just fine."  not many people in the bar.  The reason I gave it two stars is due mainly that the food is horrible.  We ordered chicken wings and they were uneatable  I was yearning for the Hooter's across the street. Very dark  the chicken was cold. It tasted like it was refrigerated from days ago. The only thing I liked was their ranch sauce. The bar was noisy for only a few guys being there and there were TV's everywhere! It was kind of uncomfortable."  drinks came out pretty fast but that was it... waited about 15 minutes for the bartender to take our order which we cashed out and moved on to another place to eat. There were more employees in the restaurant than guests vIXUw1cLG84-m8LzOg3f-w Love all the options to catch the latest in sports entertainment!" Very quick to get drinks but 45+ wait for the food.  It was good and very tasty but good grief. They need to get it together. Standard BK.  But be prepaired it is located in the main bus terminal. "This fast food place almost ALWAYS gets my order wrong. They charge me for things that they don't have. The lettuces on the garden salad is always weltered. Besides the staff being EXTREMELY unprofessional  don't think I haven't been anywhere. I have dined at elite restaurants as well as common places like this one. This location is very clean yet comes with a bit of a wait. The food is hot and fresh. The staff is very accommodating as well. They have not messed up my order."  like the central hub of a college campus.  But it's easy walking distance from the restaurant to the Border's and Starbucks.  Which makes it a nice place for a relaxing  but these have the best consistency!  I could tell that they weren't the pre-packaged kind; these are made from bread crumbs in the kitchen.  I can honestly just grab a plate of croutons and ranch dressing and go to town.  That's quite enough info on the croutons  or lie about where I'm at. Hehe. But that doesn't stop me from eating here at least once a month." It's casual dining with a very full selection at the bar. Would I come here again? Sure. Consistency is nice sometimes. I can't find a thing wrong to say about the place  on the salad bar- they used to have bread and butter pickles and pineapple.  Whhyyyyy? in my most dramatic voice." The Colony & Sharon location closed.  and soon to be an ABC."  among the wine store casks and the Lenox china displays. It's a lot more low key than the crazy food court upstairs. Killer BLTs that you can address at eye level. Great grilled chicken and salads for light days  and it was ready very quickly. This is definitely the place to go if you'd like a quiet lunch in the mall A nice addition - they now sell the ""perfect"" croutons by the bag for $1.99!"  there is a reason.  Great soups and sandwiches.  A lot more healthier choices than eating in the food court."  you have to check this out. It is like a little wine store located right inside the department store. They do tastings and classes and have a special room for the fine stuff.. I have only just peeked through the glass Wow!  Great wine selection and knowledgable staff to help me pick out a special bottle for a celebration as well as easy drinking value wines.  definitely stop in because these guys know their stuff and have a nice selection." Vs7MM34ybTXHqhdojrIFMg  and their ranch is top notch.  Shout out to the Balsley family for running an amazing Food & Wine business for nearly 40 years!"  since I worked at South Park.  The food has always been consistently good.  One of the best grilled cheese around Nice alternative to typical food court offerings without sacrificing quality for price or speed."  I have mostly gotten the same one every time I have eaten here!  The first time I ate here was more than 20 years ago and the flavor has stayed consistent!  Trust me  to avoid the food court and maybe select something a little healthier." "It's been a while since I have been here due to moving to Raleigh two years ago.  But my trip to Charlotte this weekend has me jotting down a few must-have pit stops and this is one of them.  Absolute BEST grilled cheese with bacon EVER!!  I know what your thinking FYI the BF is rather picky and can be snobby about restaurants but he loved this place too ;-) just saying!!"  ugh! The sandwich was brought with no tomatoes and lettuce and they forgot to add the onions I requested. The bread was stale If you're looking for that hard to find bottle Best cheese steak in town. The fantastic service and great prices make this a must visit. Had a great Cheesesteak with the fries!!! It was excellent!!! The had a line of people waiting when I arrived but the line moved very quickly. My wait was about 10mins. I will definitely go back!!! This place is cute and quiet. I will definitely be back here."  is a good option for a meal while shopping if you are not a food court fan- and I am not.  I love to meet friends here for a quick bite." Never had a bad meal here in over a decade. Burgers and grinders are my go-to's. Get a dill pickle half to cap off the meal.  Prices are on the high side but don't eat at south park mall if you're poor. McDonald's is right across the street. This is my go-to lunch spot whenever I'm craving an egg salad sandwich. The restaurant is family owned and operated and as a result the quality of food and service is consistently high. I highly recommend this restaurant for lunch and dinner. A definite go to lunch spot when in the South Park area."  you expect a degree competence when things are delivered." The place is also hidden away so it isn't super loud and busy like the food court. I would recommend this to any shopper at southpark mall."  best philly cheesesteak in town. I know you wouldn't expect that from a place at the mall." Arthur's has delicious burgers made in a secret sauce. They are shaped like flowers but are made of pure great quality beef. I recommend the hamburgers but others might reccomend the grinder.  but they used to be excellent..  I do wish they would get a toaster oven to heat grinder hoagies....microwaved bread is tough!   Reuben's are skimpy....bits of meat...mostly sauerkraut which makes a soggy sandwich.   Burgers are tasty.  Asian salad is best salad." Arthur's is great! I always get their cheeseburger with fries and it's the best around! I don't usually like onions on my burgers but they dice and grill theirs and it's fantastic! It's a great place to go during your lunch break and read a book. My only issue is the check-out line can get a little backed up and their credit card machine takes a couple minutes to process. Other then that it's good! "The real locals have grown up with Arthur's. I've come here with my family since I was in a stroller. 6-inch Turkey Grinder  Arthur's SO deserves and update and better rating.  Since 2013 I have been several times and although I still think the prices are high for lunch "I've been coming here since I was a kid and have only ever had the turkey grinder with fries. its so good i never want to try anything else. This is one of my favorite restaurants I'm very disappointed in this Wendy's because I have never had a problem with them. The only reason they received two stars was because they DID fix the problem and my new sandwich was piping hot. Other than the freshness of my sandwich I was extremely dissatisfied." I write this review as I sit in the drive through line. Was the fourth car in line and have been sitting here for 15 minutes. Now I wait at the menu with no response.... SUPER SLOW SERVICE! Won't be back. That's for sure. Worst experience ever at a Wendy's!!!! I ordered for dine-in. My daughter's drink order was wrong to start. How can you mix up coke and lemonade? Then it took forever to get our burgers. While we wait our fries are sitting on b the tray getting cold. Once we received our burgers one was wrong. After getting it corrected my fries were then really cold. Top it off with the ketchup dispensers being empty. I asked for ketchup and was handed 3 packets. Avoid this location if you can. It's a good option if you're downtown and wanting a quick fast food run." The register displays what you order on an lcd screen right in front of you so there's less of a chance of it getting messed up along the way."  she yelled at me and told me I was wrong because I wanted a sandwich that was cooked!! And continued to show her attitude problem about me having a different opinion about how done the roast should be cooked!!!!  I asked for a refund and she yelled at me again because I took my receipt!!!  She is a raging witch!!!" I just want to say that for a fast good restaurant the customer service is excellent. The food is always ok (but I don't expect if to be wonderful for $7). I went Monday 12 10 and the young man working the drive thru window was very pleasant. Asked if here was anything else I needed and had a friendly demeanor. I would go back to a place like Arbys to be treated with respect before I went to a different fast food restaurant! Good Customer service always makes you come back!  the floor and bathrooms are clean and the line is not too long- then it's at the top of the list.  This place fits all criteria for a smooth run operation and seems to be pretty consistent over the years." "I came to this Arby's yesterday for a quick sandwich around 4:30pm - not only did we wait for ever in a line that only had a car in front of us Other than that typical BK fare." "I've been here several times.I have no big complaints against this store   they've left something out of my order or had me drive up and wait. They're usually pretty slow.in the drive thru. Lesson:: triple check the order while still at the window and don't go here in a hurry. (More than 1 car can't be dealt with at a time)"  and each of the workers slid me a miserable ""there you go"" I don't know maybe it's just me but the bad attitudes made me unhappy to eat my food lol...I couldn't even get a ""your welcome"" after saying thank you 3 times. Oh well Been here a few times since it's close to my job. It's a typical fast food place. The food is OK but the service is awful. Doesn't seem like anyone here likes their job. Most of the employees here have attitudes and it shows.. I continue to go here only because they don't mess up my order that often and I don't really expect much from Burger King anyway. Don't plan to purchase any more food from BK  but is it too much to ask that people do their jobs while on duty?  Do you really need 10 BK employees standing around doing nothing?"  I wish ""fast"" did not equate to ""poorer quality""... I guess Europeans have it right when they take their time eating their meals...." X-uPUUV7xPiKivsQzJD-wg "We ordered breakfast here during a layover. My croissant was literally dripping cloudy looking water.  Since we plopped down almost 20 bucks  the food here is pretty standard for a Burger King." X-uPUUV7xPiKivsQzJD-wg  but the combos are $1-2 more expensive than anywhere else. I'd hate to wait in line if they were very busy aswell. Otherwise "Avoid this place in the airport. 20 minutes to wait for a standard order is not acceptable. I had to wolf down my food to make my flight when I should have had plenty of time. Epic fail BK "Had to argue with the cashier while ordering a kids meal. The menu clearly shows that with the kids meal you can choose apples slices instead of a toy. Instead of looking at the menu she asked another employee  and very often make errors on my order. I usually have to repeat my order at least twice. I know its fast food - but this place is bad."  or cleanliness.  It's a pig bucket of BK.  Good luck if you get the scraps." Not going back to this place." I didn't want to create a scene... But these people need to respect the customers... The stupid ungrateful bunch of illiterate jerks....!"  just get the plain. It's probably a better level of ordinary." Its 7am in the morning and i had to wake myself to write a review for this place. First they had no pan cakes though its in the menu. I ordered a platter with no sausage as i dont eat meat. They made me wait a long time and gave me a platter with sausage. The order was $9 for hash browns. Coffee. Biscuit and egg. Expensive and bad service please do not eat there. my husband and me went to order our food and as we waited for our order one of the employees kill a rat next to the soda machine. he took of his shoe and smashedthe disgusting thing. i had to ask for my money back. "This is called no mayo.  Looks like the licked it off.  And took the toppings.  Last call for ""not so king""." Couldnt give them ZERO stars."  I had been traveling for work and was starving. The service was quick and professional-ish except an employee fighting with a customer who may have worked somewhere else in the airport? Food was good  and my fries were under cooked. Also the woman who took my order could not have been any ruder. She sat and talked to a coworker about personal things for a few minutes with me just standing at the register. That displeased me more than the disappointing food. The only thing I can give credit to is the young man who was handing the actual food out. He was as nice as he could be and wishing everyone a great day."  well BurgerKing fit the bill. The line is kinda weird and starts to the left side looking at the menu. So there were people who realized this then others who just walked straight up to the cashregister unaware of those inline. Ordered the grilled chicken sandwich. Custom ordered with extra lettuce and pickles. Came out quick and correct. Wouldn't say the sandwich was mindblowing just ok for $4."  hot and correct. Overall no complaints. Typical airport prices but that's to be expected. A good quick service option when you can't wait for the sit-down restaurants." X-uPUUV7xPiKivsQzJD-wg "I landed in Charlotte after a red eye flight and needed to get some breakfast.  I stopped here to get a Fully Loaded Crossanwich and an orange juice.  The sandwich was hot Great service! I ordered one of those new grilled hotdogs and I guess they messed the order up. One of the managers actually hunted me down in the airport to give me the right order...I wish they had burger kings like this around where I live!  they play favorites. Airport workers receive their food faster than others"  but everyday they are busy. One person working the front counter taking orders and serving food. No idea how many are in the kitchen The fries were good and the burger was as I ordered." One of the worse locations I've ever been to and will make a note not to return - bad service and my food wasn't even cooked!  ""hello?""  I guess the manager of this place doesn't care about customer service because they deal with a captive customer base.  People would probably tell me that I'm expecting too much."  you should know what they serve. The staff is very friendly and helpful." I've seen the gamut during the few times I've dropped in here." Worst service. The cashier was trying to make the mcflurry and knew it was running out of mix. Instead of just telling me we are low on mix she gave me half a cup! Never again. I can't anymore. It's too busy here and service is not as fast as other Mickey D's with this kind of volume. Customers are rude too. So it was rainy and I decided to eat my feelings. Nothing works better than a 2 cheeseburger meal for that.  Burgers could have been warmer but fries were outstanding. Drive thru is that new double configuration that's really annoying but I'm sure it's less so at off peak times. Girl at the window was efficient and nice.  their $1 menu is more expensive than my regular stops. Their breakfast burritos are $1.19 I'm at the airport 2 to 3 times a week. Mickey D' s is a great place to wait for arrivals. They understand if you're going to chill for awhile. Free WI Fi and free refills. When you get the call. 60 seconds to baggage claim.  the dining room is open 24 hours and they have three power outlets next to bolted-down tables and chairs. The wifi works well and the parking lot is well lit. There is a TV but it wasn't on when I was here." Don't bother calling any 800 # about this McDonald's - it's useless.  One would think that the owner of this location would be more proactive in making it a better McDonald's  dirty. The food is usually below average and the workers barely speak English. Go somewhere else (PLEASE!!) instead and skip this place."  I'm a vet & have been to them all around the world too! Find another; it's easy enough to do."  nothing to rave about but the fact that they have the *excuse my language* SHITTEST customer service erks me. I use to go here often because I went to CPCC harris campus. 8 10 times they would get my order wrong somehow but that's not the point. The thing that annoys me is how one worker tried to blame ME for the wrong order. Seriously.. this mcdonalds needs to get their shit together." most dysfunctional team I have ever seen at McDonald.  Plus an overflowing urinal. Don't go here "We only went through the drive-thru and the service was pretty quick with not many cars to serve. My breakfast burritos had hard corners like were bad or cooked to long. They were also folded kind of weird I just don't have much of an appetite for that kind of weirdness at any time of day."  this is 6 out of 6 attempts AMAZING.  This is at the McDonald's at the entrance to the airport "I work nights so I typically will find this place convenient.  I'll avoid this McDonald's at night.  Ice cream machine is always broken in the evening late night so no milkshakes.  ALWAYS BROKEN.  They seem to have some of the slowest service too.  The cashier is fast though.  They're cheap in the fries.  I don't expect overflowing but at least fill the container with the ""normal"" amount.  If I wanted a small fries I would have asked for that.  Don't come here between 330am and 430am because their ""system"" has to come down for maintenance.  They only take cash and I don't trust them enough to provide the right price."  and has good prices. While my aunt was sad that they don't have regional specials like the double-jalapeno cheeseburger Sorry my spacing is so weird"  it was fairly quick. But no one seemed happy or to be taking pride in their work." "So dirty I decided I could not eat here. Women's restroom had puddle of urine on floor in stall 1; an unflushed "We pull up to the drive thru of the McDonalds that's open 24 hours and wait five plus minutes because they were having a ""shift change"" and then they tell us it's cash only and then they tell us the have no quarter pounder beef! Crazy. We should have gone to Wendy's across the street. But don't worry about me I'm just hangry over here."  yet I go out of my way to the Wendy's at 2801 Boyer Street instead.  They have much better service." Last time I went.......about Sept of 2010  I was polite to the girl working because I truly felt bad for her. I get home and open my food. I wish I was surprised but it was ice cold. The bun was firm like it was quite old. The cheese was hardly melted. So not only did I wait 15 minutes but I also got horrible fast food. Oxymoron I know but COME ON!" "Probably the slowest drive-thru I've ever experienced. At times  I want to go back and cuss everyone out. The sandwich looks like someone sat on it. The chicken is dry AF. I didn't get a damn tomato. Back to the banned list you go. I never thought a chicken sandwich could get messed up. I was wrong. How in the hell is the line always long when the food is trash?" It's conveniently located across from the mall...and in front of Original Pancake House.  I had the pleasure of dining at this McDonald's when OPH had an hour wait.  We wanted to eat breakfast and get on the road to do some shopping and that long delay wasn't fitting into our schedule.  Cut to:  us walking from OPH to McDonald's "I can count on one hand how many times I go to a fast food restaurant within a year and you can almost bet it equals late night and alcohol. Last night was no different.  MickeyD's was calling my name.  I stopped at the one on Fairview Road.  Service was fast and pleasant.  My french fries were so hot I couldn't eat them right away.  Le Big Mac was the perfect amount of gooeyness from the special sauce and I don't know what their secret is for fountain drinks I used to like this Mcdonald's location. But recently getting really disgusting. A lot of flies are flying around. Their floor is sticky. Tables and chairs are always nasty. It's really turned me off. I didn't get anything there! I'd return here for a place to linger a bit The only place worst is Jack in the Box." Especially fitting since this MickyD's is across the street from Nordstrom!" All I can say is: be wary!" This is a five star McDonalds so to speak. There's a baby grand player piano and an upstairs with tv. However the service and food quality are standard run of the mill McDs. I'm writing this from the upstairs after buying my daughter a happy meal. Her fries are cold as are the nuggets. The sprite is all soda no syrup. I got a small choco shake which was barely mixed. I think it's actually vanilla. Not fatal errors but either they're short handed or they just don't take pride in their job. Hope this is just a fluke. The food.... is the same as regular McDonald's which I think is AOK.  I don't know how some people are so picky with their $6 combo meals.  Besides waiter service I'm liking the addition of the self playing baby grand in the bottom floor... really classes it up.  Pinkys up!"  I will not return to you. You have forsaken me." Service - somewhat quick in the drive-thru The restaurant is clean but that is the nicest thing I can say about it.  The food was horrible both times I ate there in the past two weeks!  I talked to the manager after the first time who acted concerned but less than a week later the food was still horrible!!!!  Fries were cooked in old nasty grease( taste like everything but fries) and the burger was not done or hot!!!!!!!!!!!!  a lot of sunlight and open ceilings since it has 2 floors. Service is not superb but not terrible. Overall It was a quick trip with hot food which is what I wanted  but this is an exception.  The workers are just plain rude.  The fries were nasty and the bun on my burger was stale.  Avoid this place unless you just don't give a crap about how your treated and want a sub par Big Mac." Eat here at your own risk and since they close at midnight this isn't a drunk food spot" McDonald's is McDonald's there's  nothing really special to say. Quick cheap food with a tolerable customer service. What's not to love? Same consistent food selections done exactly as they are in every other location."  50 pounds heavier ago I did. I even contacted the manager once to complain about my repeated horrible experience. She said she would send me some coupons and acted like I was wasting her time. I never received anything and also never ate at this location again. I can't stand bad customer service. That's what you get at this location (along with the ""poison"" this place peddles). This location is to be avoided - the burger king just across the street has better staff and if you are going to eat junk food - it would be a better choice."  still 3 cars back. They are hire incompetent morons. Can't wait till robots take over their jobs." "I called this McDonald's location to ask if their salad was kosher.  As a kosher diet is a very important part of my religion. The employee who answered the phone was very rude and told me to I roll through this drive thur an embarrassing number of times per week. Overall this McDonald's is one of the better ones. The fries are for the most part always hot. But this is my only complaint... The sweet tea has been off lately. The person saying they've been using tap water could be on to something.  you need to serve them. Do not wait until the 3 mins before your closing and turn off the lights because it is a Saturday night and you don't want to deal with anyone else. I've had jobs in fast food and been a server  still 3 cars back. They are hire incompetent morons. Can't wait till robots take over their jobs."  I got the Mcgriddle sandwich not the biscuit. After correcting my order the breakfast sandwich was just okay. The biscuit tasted a little stale and because I think they were rushed in correcting my order the cheese was not melted.  So Oh well - get what you pay for though I guess....."  there isn't much else for a meal unless you want to drive clear across town. That makes this bright lit BK a good thing. But if it's day time  clean but horrible service. Waited 20 minutes for two breakfast sandwiches." BK also offers veggie burgers but make sure to ask them to hold the mayo if you do not want your sandwich swimming in it."  so the sandwich pretty much fell apart the minute I bit into it.  I ate one but could not force myself to eat even part of the second.  I was in a crunch for time I had a great burger for lunch Monday! Quick and accurate service! Overall not a bad fast food option when you're needing that gut grenade at 2am!" this particular location is 24 hrs...I ended leaving bc service took more than 20 mins. This isn't the first time either. Will NEVER go back! Horrible!  BK don't stay open 24 hrs if you can't staff the place properly. "Never been a big fan of Burger King anyway but was especially soured by one of the worst tasting burgers I have ever had the displeasure of tasting in my entire life.  Pretty sure the mushrooms were stale But I went in and saw my first coca-cola touchscreen 1-machine-with-every-possible-different-flavor-of-soda machine. I was so excited about it like a kid at Christmas (I love new technology!). I didn't get a drink with my food but my bf did and I was almost sad I didn't and the lady cashier noticed and offered me a free tiny cup to try the machine out. She made my day - and her manager even got mad at her for doing it (hope she didn't get fired!)." Are we SURE the map is correct on this Burger King? The pin on the map drops in the parking lot of the Ballantyne Hotel. I drove around for 20 minutes looking for this place. Am I missing something? "This Wendy's location is pretty convenient... right off of Independence Blvd.  Really it's always been there since I've been in Charlotte so it's a great ""pit stop"" on the way home and you are craving some nuggets or a frosty.  Honestly I haven't really frequented this place as much as I used to (probably a good thing)  he told me the matter would be ""dealt with."" Fantastic. I'm still never setting foot in there ever again. It was the kind of phone conversation where your Mom (Wendy's Corporate) makes you (Dennis) apologize for something The fries were soggy and cold. The burger was dry and thrown haphazardly onto the bun. The staff was friendly they dissaper fast since carl jr. took over  and those hamburgers are fantastic!  Food quality is what I'd expect at a good sit-down restaurant." Horrible customer service and when I talked to the manager she apologized but you can tell she didn't care.  the service is good and the burgers are great. Well worth the trouble of navigating this weird   extremely slow.  Don't waste your money or time here. Go to another location if possible."  all I heard was the white trash manager complaining and being rude to the customers. They need to fire the shift leader or whatever she is Asap!!" The service was great. The young lady at the drive-through window was very competent and friendly. However the stores appearance was lightweight disgusting. Had that off odor of not clean. Parking lot have matzoh degree. Also did you hear my order correctly. I ordered a quarter pound they gave me a 1 3 pound. The moonshine burger is excellent. This may be the worst Mcdonalds in Charlotte. Every time I go there they mess my order up. Then when you take it back they always have an attitude. If you ask for a large fry they'll give you a small in a large box this place dirty and the grade is 90.....WTF.......!!!!!! The late night shift dancing and joking around all while blasting the Amigos on their radio...really just because your on besttis ford doesn't mean you act like your ON DA FORD !!!" Owned by the Original South 21 Drive-In on Independence Blvd  and the long lineage and history of South 21 gives you the bang for your buck for a fast and tasty meal."  the other with onion rings.  The burgers where BURNT to a crisp.  All the favor of the meat was gone. On a good note the onion rings where great.   Please don't burn the burgers."  it's still a wonderful piece of Charlotte memorabilia." Visiting friends in NC and we stopped here for breakfast. At first our order was take out but then we decided to eat in. They got out order wrong but was friendly in fixing the error. The food was okay for the items that we got. "Always enjoy the burgers and that's about where I call it quits. If you enjoy really good fried chicken  and people are friendly. I couldn't really ask for much more." I love their burgers and fries. They have Sundrop on the fountain and that is always a plus. Great little spot out in middle of nowhere. Give it a shot. Simple food. Simply prepared. Clean and friendly.  everything on the menu is great! Chicken & trout plates are not to be missed. I could eat here everyday!"  she said didn't have any( when paying saw customer with chocolate chips waffles on her to go order ) we got our breakfast with my other kid no bacon so i waited  nothing happened so I ask for bacon she replied it was on my way but she has to clean table . Ok bacon arrived min later The waffles are the best waffles I have ever had in my entire life! The waitresses were wonderful and so was the food. I cannot wait to eat here again!"  it was a positive WH visit."  but it did need a good cleaning some good tlc.. The restrooms were disgusting I'm not a fan. If they were not so convenient then I'd probably never go back...but they're so damn close." "This location is pretty much an accurate reflection of most of the MdDonalds in South Charlotte.. The associates are rude  been there done that). My advice...if you have no other alternative but to go to this location due to being low on gas or what may have you stay home & make a meal or  because ""you gave me the wrong one I requested"". She says ""what kind of dressing did we give you?"" I said ""ma'am idk it was not ranch though"" so she tries to give me ranch dipping sauce and the manager finally hands me the dressing I want. I just felt like I was being questioned. I do not need free packets of dressing Mornings are great but after... These people (the girls mostly) take there time and sit around doing nothing. Horrible waiting time and inaccurate orders.  now granted its a fast food restaurant but when the manager is clearly racist and rude to me for just placing my order because she wants to sit down and eat her own food it's highly annoying. And unprofessional. Her shirt is untucked no name tag and proceeds to yell across the restaurant while sitting down eating her food (yes full mouth of food while screaming orders at co workers) oh and I'm sure she's on the clock. I will never come back to this location again I'd rather drive the extra miles to get better customer service. It's a shame McDonalds is allowing such a unprofessional nasty person to run and ruin there company name. This location is two blocks from my house like I said I'll pay the extra money in gas to avoid the constant rude customer service of this woman. This is not the first time this same manger was rude and racist towards me. I might add how she had a line full of customers and proceeded to ask a co workers cousin if he needed to be helped putting priority of someone not buying anything over paying customers. The food quality was garbage she undercooked the hash browns as well. Again I will NOT be returning. Incurious as to how this woman even got the management position since this seems like her MO. Wish I could give NO STARS" I have no one to blame but myself.  The service here is almost always terrible.  The employees pvaUE-Cmg6k37GQ-LluOLw vKg-Zi4tvTyNt3Fo1QEYTw  fast.  Cannot have any complaints about this place.  Food made to order and you can watch the action.  Good price and fresh."  quite the opposite.  This is a good old fashioned diner that does what it does very well and consistently.  The whole staff is great and I love watching the 'Show' in the kitchen area.  The food is all very good and plentiful and I usually eat too much.  The prices are good too.  This place just brings back memories  and Waffle House nails it when it comes to good traditional breakfast food. One of the few breakfast places that can actually cook an egg over medium the right way. All star special is the best deal-get it! I don't go to Waffle House and expect fancy  Bert's best chili and all the way homefries. Our waitress Jane was prompt with our drinks.  She did tell me that they had to throw away the chili so I ordered a ham & cheese omelet instead. I thought the food was great with the exception of the omelet. They folded the eggs over a hunk of cold cheese.  The homefries were delicious. The waffle was cold but filling. My wife didn't like her view of the kitchen and commented that my meal looked like vomit. She kept staring at me in horrified fascination as I cleared my plate.  Never again she said! I'll go back one day. As other yelpers have commented it's a very friendly restaurant with good food." I loved the hospitality! The food was good and the wait wasn't as bad as most. I wish we were seated faster but it is understood on a Sunday morning. I love Waffle House. All of them. Small little place but who cares. The food is always so yummy and I don't ever get sick of it. Would recommend any location. Mmmmmmm!! "I love this place. This is a great place for breakfast. I never got to try any other meals here Food is good - I had steak and eggs with grits. Steak is good - don't have High expectations and you won't be disappointed . It's Waffle House ! Clean restaurant with slamming grilled food . Waitstaff is pleasant and that's half the battle at any restaurant!  I'd recommend it anytime - just keep perspective of where you are !"  and also for not making sure that the hostesses and buffet workers communicate politely and effectively to the customers.  The waitresses seem to be doing their best but they are limited by the disorganization that is caused by management's inability to run a tight ship.  I'm sticking with Golden Corral from now on."  she was not pleaureable at all and she didnt even smile. Once seated at the table we received another waitress who was indeed very helpful but looking around at other waitresses they also seemed distracted and like they didnt want to work. They had attitudes and didnt want to help the customers. One man at a table next to us went to ask her a question and she quickly said your waiter will be here shortly and all the man wanted was more napkins. Mind you his waiter never came. On top of that the food was very salty and greasy. Id suggest they do back ground checks on their employees and hire folks with good customer service and perhaps hire them a little older because the bunch that were there were very young."  tables and the buffet has always been clean. The food is reasonable for the price. Booths could use new seat coverings." One positive is you have a big variety!" "the food is ok. i went on a wednesday night for the breakfast buffet and the waitresses were ok- but the food was horrible. i had 3 pancakes and they were hard and the syrup was cold. one pancake i couldnt actually bite into. another thing is I was surprised this business was in existence.  I went for a meeting an wanted to order a single order of French toast.  I was told it is only available on the buffet.  Well that was a wrap for me.  I am glad our meeting is changing either way I will not be returning.  the restaurant was clean and staff was friendly and professional. Went there recently and the variety was very little and there was not much breakfast food even though they said breakfast lasted until 2. They start bringing out lunch foods at noon so they is breakfast and lunch foods but there was not a good variety of breakfast nor lunch foods. The restaurant was not clean  but at different locations.  This was my first and last time ever going here.  The Orange Juice didn't taste like real juice.  I only ate 2 pancakes and some scrambled eggs.....Yuck!  I quickly put that plate to the side and try my hand at a salad...can't go wrong with making your own salad "The food was old and somewhat cold.  I did like the fact they had fried chicken We stumbled upon this place a while back  and you just know something is up when the place is empty midday. We ordered burgers and it was awful. Haven't gone back since. decent for breakfast buffet "The manager and waiter was great. They didn't have much business on the day that I went. The food have been sitting out for a while since there was no business but when I asked to for fresh food This place is on its last leg. I think that Shoney's need to pull the plug on this joint like they did the others. My wife and I decided to try a special they advertised. Our first mistake was that we came too close to closing time. Food was cold at the bar and they packed up the food about 30 mins before they closed even though they advertised online that they closed at 10pm but this one closes at 9pm. Will I come back to this place? Nope...well maybe with a coupon for the breakfast bar I will NEVER go to Shoney's again!!" The staff is nice but the food selection on the breakfast buffet wasn't very good. Place felt old and ready for permanent closure. "Always great for breakfast.....and it now has wifi in the restaurant....great service "Horrible.  The food was flavorless and the chicken wasn't cooked all the way.  There weren't many choices at the bar. I felt like they should have had to pay me to eat there.  The service was okay  an employee dropped my food and napkins in the floor at the drive threw window and then tried to severe it to me while I was watching. disgusting!!!! The next time I went the ladies attitude made me just decide not to spend my money there." Why aren't there more in CLT. This is a good location. Hot food. Acceptable fast food service. Yay  with the cheese melted all over it.  The only thing that could have really been improved upon was the service.  The girls looked bored and like they didn't really want to be there.  But then again they also looked like they were in high school Had some cole slaw as a side and yet again This place I need to visit more to try other things on the menu. The lemon cake was moist and tasty. I had inquired about it and when I got home there was a piece of lemon cake in my bag free of charge. The nice lady at the register was nice and friendly." They have some of the best chef salads in town. Their bacon cheeseburger combo is good as well.  I just run past this conveniently located McDonald's (corner of Sardis and Monroe) and see a steady stream of cars rolling through the drive thru. One time I saw an old lady take a taxi through the drive thru. And once  then terrible at other times. I guess it depends n who is working and what time I go. I ordered a bacon egg cheese McGriddle got to work... opened the sandwich  staff is respectful and very rarely get my order incorrect." Ordered 2 gallon of sweet tea. Only to get home and find out that it was unsweet tea.  Very disappointed and don't have time to exchange before a party which we were going to use the sweet tea at.  Very disappointed. "Service at the payment window was pleasant. Service at the pick up window was efficient. Overall  I'm sticking to burger though."  Now the fries would have been good but made in old grease!"  our food was really good.  The burger was cooked all the way through and the fries were fresh and hot!"  is hit or miss. This location is hit or miss. Perhaps it depends on the day of the week. The food may or may not be hot. They may or may not have dressing for the salad. They may or may not have chicken cooked to go on the salad.  You may or may not want to wait for service on any given day." "THE most GHETTO ran Wendy's I have ever been to. I have never been more grossed out by eating in my life than I did when I ate here. The staff is GHETTO and RUDE and the food was HORRIBLE. It was cold and old food. I feel like I may get food poisoning after the few bites I ate of my chicken sandwich. I was going to complain  and the manager showed me the ranch in the bottle that was suppose to be on my sandwich and remade it. Wow imagine that someone who new how to make it without attitude. I'm still very disappointed money is money no matter where you spend it at. And I expect to get what I ask for with my money. Not something you just feel like free styling." SLOW and extremely rude.... Not worth the wait and if you hate your job so much don't work there. Quick drive-thru service and food served hot!  Staff was friendly.  Definitely coming to this location again.  but I'm sure the bureaucratic process must be slow in ensuring that pickles are accurately represented.  They also never gave me my free cup of water that I asked for on my second visit."  and only one time could've redeemed the initial low rating.  was here again and gave the woman 2.22 for my 2.17 bill and after she left and did something else for about 2 minutes despite the fact that i was otherwise all set  ""you get what you pay for"" applies here.  I will probably give this place another shot since it's right near my house when I need a BK fix I really didn't know what I was supposed to expect. The food always sucks What is really sad is that I like Burger King but refuse to eat there because of the horrible customer service and food. I have yet gone to a Burger King that has impressed me. It's like they don't want to be there and it takes FOREVER to order anything. Who's interviewing these people?  and disgruntled with customers. They were complaining to each other the whole time I sat there. I will NEVER go there again and will warn anyone who thinks of going there. That was the worst fast food experience I ever had in my life and I love Burger King. If you want a surprise burger  i always check my food now before I pull off. The pretty much make up their own hours vs whats on the door. I showed up once and they we're closed before its time and it wasn't even an holiday! Avoid at all cost I gave them an extra star because of how terrible their customers must be their employees.  They probably get yelled at all day by angry people and it's remarkable that they still choose to come to work." Two words.  Dirty and nasty. Better off driving 3 miles to the Steele creek McDonalds!  TV's and free WiFi. The parking lot is a bit weird to access. The shift manager who took my order was pleasant and quick. The restaurant was clean and the self-service area was stocked properly. I didn't check the bathrooms."  the PlayLand could also be protected better from the elements. I don't think there is any way an adult can make it to the top to clean it properly  kids running wild all over and have been waiting 15 mins for my food. I will never come back. I don't expect high quality food  it should be none. I noticed half thur her eating them. Then when I write in I get some generic email about sorry we didn't meet your expectations.  No you didn't meet the health departments expectation or mine. Beware!"   and the best indicator of bad management - the bathroom is disgusting. I'll keep on driving to a another one next time as I am sure it can't be worse than this one at the corner of Gold Hill Rd and SC hwy 160."  I came back since its on my to work in the mornings. What a turnaround they have made!  The employee John working the drive thru was a sheer delight. Go experience his customer service for yourself and you'll be blown away by his friendliness and courtesy.  People make the difference. No matter whether it's fast food or a 5-star Employees are unbelievably rude most of the time. I pulled up in the drive thru to pay for my order and the lady did not say one word to me. Not one! The service is also slower than I've encountered at any other McDonald's location. Work on training your employees Rude & cash only?!? No. She didn't say it was only cash & after waiting 15 minutes... Just no. I have yet to go here and get my order correct. I'm not sure why they have such issues here but they do.  shame on me. It's never been pleasant from the 'who gives a #$%' staff to the incorrect orders to having to wait overly long times even with just a few customers in the place. Not even going into my experience today to prompt the review I have only been here twice to get breakfast. Service was very fast. Crossian-wiches were good ok.  does the pizza suck.  Every time we went there we spent the rest of the night in the bathroom.  Awful."  friendly bartenders (unlike the *other* Spartan- ahem!) and super pizza.  A little on the smoky side "Spartan Pizza is going smoke-free on March 1 I should also note that the plates for eating pizza are plastic.  This is a ""no frills"" kind of place."  more like home-made) with a great bar with nice   I'm a local and it beats the pants off of Pizza Hut. !!" The pizza is one of a kind and with their unique ranch dressing it is absolutely the best! No room for improvement needed." kind of disappointing pizza The fries were spectacular too... Just waiting to dig into the Mexican pizza and watch some Downton Abbey... Gonna make a B-Day feast dyn-o-mite!" The pizza was good except for the canned mushrooms. I can't stand canned mushrooms on my pizza. Did I say I can't stand canned mushrooms on my pizza. I didn't think anybody used canned mushrooms any more. I don't think it's fresh crust either even though it wasn't bad. Plenty of other pizza places around This is a great family owned restaurant that has terrific pizza and good craft beers. The staff is very friendly and hospitable. Great local establishment. There was no waiting for a table and the staff was very friendly and eager to help."  this is the place to go.  We always get the thin crust because they don't skimp on the toppings Pizza is pretty consistently. Always great service and love the open space. One con is the bathrooms. Please visit Spartan Pizza soon. Hard to rate a McDonald's well.  I go through the drive thru most mornings for coffee and will eat lunch there from time to time.  Drive thru service is always great and restaurant is always clean.  They hire and retain good help.  it's a throw back McDonalds with a displayed old milkshake machine that triggered Ray Kroc's involvement in the company "This is the greatest McDonald's ever. I love it so much. Whenever I'm visiting 'Sconsin It's a McDonalds.  Bit of a 50's theme.  Always use the bathroom and it's always clean.  Decent service.  but we recently drove through here the other day for a diet coke......as others have said I honestly don't really love McDonald's but I do like their breakfast.  This McDonald's tops all of other McDonald's I've ever been to for service and happy employees!  however some lady who works there (drive threw) condescended me so that was annoying." 4 stars for Hardee's ?!?  It's no Culver's by a long shot but that Thick Burger was damn tasty !   I don't know if the restaurant was clean but the drive thru service was good.  with wood paneling straight out of the 80's and cheap plastic booths.  There's even a sterile-looking wall clock on one of the walls.  If you want to reminisce about a time before fast-food restaurants tried to be all trendy and hip  the new fresh-fried chicken strips they've introduced are orders of magnitude better than the old ones  I was totally alone. And I didn't go in the restaurant but it looked clean from the drive-thru window and that woman who took my order did a better than average job. I was kind of put off by their prices but it was totally worth every penny!" they play nice music and its very clean"  and then I had to sit there for almost 10 mins before I got my food.  A drive thru is suppose a little quicker service of getting your food.  And the food was not worth the price I paid for it.  This is not the first time I've had this kind of service there.  The people working there also don't seem like they want to be there.  I don't know why I even tried going back." KFJ1jBfFkRfyn3AoAUl3YQ Was craving a burger so I decided to stop at Hardee's.  Muhammad was friendly and efficient and my burgers were delicious as well!  Thank you!  I'm very discerning) but just cannot abide the wait."  even for fast foot's low standards.  The staff usually acts like you're ruining their day for showing up." Good bk food. Slow service. Drive through is a 10 min stop even if your the only one in line. Always feels like i am bugging the person at the window. It's called fast food. Not wait for three hours for a fricking burger food. WTF  how hard is it honestly? "I have given this burger king a chance MANY times... But they are BY FAR the slowest burger king I have EVER been to... Even if they have no customers inside This BK NEEDS better management and training for the employees. They just don't seem to care. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!" 8:30 A.M. Hangover. Ordered 2 Whoppers w o cheese and 1 Whopper w  cheese and 1 order of onion rings. Drive-thru. Had to pull ahead and wait. 21 minutes later  and then simply walking away without even handing me a reciept. Perhaps it was this same top-notch service and accuracy that caused another customer there to have to come back not once "22 minutes to get my order. Terrible service! I was the only one in the store when I placed my order although there were 3 cars in drivethru. Not acceptable! The only thing keeping this from getting a 1-star review is that (1) the restaurant was clean and newly remodeled "Have been there several times and it's always super slow. It had been months since we had gone there so today we went there and the girl at the counter just finished a counter order  two gentlemen who already had their order and were seated and eating. There was one worker for the front counter and the drive thru and 2 or 3 workers in the back. Waited over 10 minutes for someone to take my order and wasn't even acknowledged in that time. One of the guys came up front to bag drive thru orders  and I don't think they even care!"  poorly constructed eats elsewhere." "This place is slow beyond belief. How do they stay in business? I waited 15 min for my order which was wrong and cold. I got the excuse ""were short staffed"". There were two cars in line and no one in the dining area. How much staff do you need for two customers? I think they laugh about how bad they are as workers. Because they could care less...." 3zD6rxB92Mr0jb-LoYFFWw Worst BK I've ever been to! Every time I give this place a try it's the same story. Should take 5 minutes to get a nice cream cone. Shouldn't take 10 for a whopper jr and a chicken sandwich. DO NOT COME HERE! What can I say it was burger king. This place was nicer than most other locations and everything was correct! Still very slow service at drive through. Been waiting for close to 15 minutes since food ordered The pickle was the warmest part of the cheeseburger. No wonder there are never cars outside!  fake cheese is like. There is some ingredient in the beef that does not work with my taste buds. The fries are okay. The chicken nuggets and sandwiches are also passable. However I do not plan on visiting another Burger King any time soon."  but it's pretty good at what it is.  Don't expect a big beer selection but if you are willing to settle for Spotted Cow and pub food give them a shot.  They have good wings and pretty decent specials on game days too."  and I loved the open kitchen with its 70s-era wall covering (total cross between industrial kitchen and grandma's place from your childhood)."  they were fine but not stellar). My husband got the seafood platter and was amazed at the sheer amount of breading on everything. It states in the menu that it comes deep-fried  the accordion player was celebrating his birthday also. Older crowd but very fun. Waitstaff was friendly and this was more of a large family gathering than a bar. You can never be sad listening to a polka!" I was reading (on the placemat) that McGoverns was established in 1935. That is a long time to be up and running and makes me root for them to succeed!"  McG's is a local watering hole. Nothing special about it except the bartender who was awesome. I asked for a dirty martini. Bartender says ""how dirty"" I said filthy and it was. Cheap prices and cold beer make for a great time with friends and if you get a little too woozy you can stumble from the watering hole at the bar to one of the dumpy holes next door instead of driving. I wouldn't recommend that though. Staying at the dumpy holes that is." Good prices. They have a tiny kitchen so some times the food is slow. 2nd best wings in Sun Prairie. Good for kids. "McGovern's is a old school supper club and bar. They have nice wait staff and bartender's and there outdoor deck is a relaxing on a pleasant day An old supper club feel..... I doubt the place has been updated in the past 3 decades. But the food and service was good. Definitely will go again! The food used to be damn good Don't go in the Drive Thru if there are more than 3 cars. You will sit there for 20 minutes. "Lifetime favorite. Restaurant was recently renovated Love me some A&W.   Best fast food out there and there needs to be more of them! "I love the root beer ! Service and atmosphere was cafeteria-like  but the real treat was a real frosty mug (eat in only) that I could fill myself at the beverage counter with straight from the barrel A&W root beer.  Now that was a really something special."  the food gets consistently worse. I wish we would have circled around the drive thru and given the food right back. Bland burgers  it was clean and the manager (maybe owner?) delivered our tray and was wiping tables. The food & root beer on tap was also great! After receiving the standard frosted glass mugs  the manager  owner really gave good customer service. They were very busy at lunch time and he every where making sure everyone had a good experience" Worlds slowest drive thru. I've been here at least ten times in the last year - guarantee you may have to wait up to ten minutes. If' you're cruising up or down 90 94 HGzdDbukK8RJEc623kLz5Q  very friendly. Not often I have a fast food experience this enjoyable. Food still tasted like...grease but as far as this set of employees goes I was very pleased." "Well...this is definitely Jimmy Buffett in a nutshell.....over the top wacky and colorful...a real escape from reality.  The food was great....kind of a wait  the biggest problem I had with this place was the extravagant price for the bland food.  Much better burgers and sandwiches in Madison for a much more reasonable price." The food was uniformly ordinary - my vegetarian baja burger was way too spicy to be enjoyable  you name they have it.    For those not from the midwest  but after driving almost 40 miles (back and forth) to get cheese curds (more on that in my next reviews) I choose the first place that looked remotely interesting." I'm giving this place 3 stars for the bartender's effort and the decent food. I'd go back if I was passing by  Cheeseburger in Paradise during dinner rush on a Thursday eve in MADISON... was a different more chill experience.  Jimmy Buffet was playing constantly over the sound system and our service was quick and friendly like any chain restaurant. The margaritas were OVERPRICED ($5.75 for a 16 oz plain lime margarita on the rocks)  but they still had the doors wide open. This would have been a better day to leave the doors down and keep the diners inside. The county was under a tornado watch at the time and there were several severe storms in the vicinity. Not a day to encourage diners to eat on the patio."  unlike at most every other place that fries things) on the patio and were waited on by a conscientious and attentive server  their fish sandwich and ALL the salads are really wonderful.  Service has always been friendly and efficient.  Love thier vegetable sides - nice difference than the ""norm"".  Gotta say I'm surprised to even be writing this as I didn't think I'd like this place at all - but I'm a believer!  The only gripe is that it's quite expensive  but take a hint by the restaurant's name and order a cheeseburger.  WWJBD...what would Jimmy Buffett do?  Probably order a Cheeserburger in Paradise  but they taste excellent and get you more tipsy than you'd think :) I enjoy the whole island vibe of the place especially in the summer when you can sit outside. They have some live music at times as well and the wait staff has always been super friendly to me.." I got so sick and was throwing up after eating there! I have never been back since. And normally I never get sick to my stomach. I don't trust their food. And it is so overprized and overrated. The only way I would eat at this chain again would be if I washed up on a beach after being marooned for a week and they were giving the food away FREE."  I honestly enjoyed my cheeseburger and drinks. I would not go out of my way to come here Don't waste you time here!" - Substitutes? No problem mon..."  and the drink menu looked great.  They had this cool 4' tower of beer that looked kind of fun to drink from...." bottom line: awesome!" Nice atmosphere. Cheeseburger was not all that.  and we did not feel at all taken care of. I will not be back."  I ordered fish tacos w grilled fish - the fish was cold went it came out - I ate it any way - decent but definitely would not order these again; kids & husband orderd cheeseburgers which they ate but was not anything to remark on. I will not likely go back for the food."  the female bartender was far more concerned with a handful of male regulars and talking about how she could not wait to go get drunk. The other bartender was overheard complaining about his work hours- staff definitely brought down the fun atmosphere." Never eating here again. I was sick for 2 days after I eat one of their burgers. "What you're really doing is playing for the experience. I had the mini crab burgers and they were pretty good. The drinks are good The big problem with Cheeseburger was the service.  We thought our waiter had a job at a restaurant across town!  He would disappear for long periods of time (could not see him anywhere in the restaurant) and then reappear maybe 15-20 minutes later.  Order food  flat soda.  For a place the is supposed to specialize in burgers they sucked!  The patty was dry and over cooked everything was greasy Service and fries are  where they excel.  We have been there 5 or 6 times and that's what stands out.  I like their burgers but the rest of the menu items are not too good.  Not a place I am compelled to visit often. Second time there had the bigger issues. Again we're on a shorter lunch and usually they accommodate well. We didn't have anybody come to our table for drink orders for over 10 minutes. 2 tables came in after us and got drinks and ordered food before us. It was a little annoying considering the place wasn't that busy when we sat down. Again the good was OK. This time I had the Sweet Fire Chicken sandwich and it was better tasting than the burger I had but still was very greasy and the bun was mush by the end. Am willing to try it again and see how it goes. Will update review then"  and we likely won't be back anytime soon."  most of which is made from frozen out of a bag ingredients.  Don't waste your money or time.  TGI Friday's or Applebee's with a Caribbean theme."  gas) that night until the next couple days. It was horrible. I know it was from the food at Cheeseburger in Paradise. I will never go there again! I don't want others to get sick so that is why I am posting this negative review."  and risk the chance I get explosive diarrhea before climbing into a sailboat and pointing it toward Cheeseburger In Paradise."  seafood and chicken on menu. I dont eat pork or beef. Loved it."  why close the bar 30 minutes early???? The drinks are around $8 so do the math on how much you are losing if our table would've ordered 2-4 drinks. I'm just beyond put off." Service- good. The servers usually try to please my children and that makes me happy. My children love to end their meals with a gummy burger from the bar."  pretty much every table in the place still had people's finished meals on them.  Nobody was cleaning up the place!  Our food was barely edible.  Fried pickles were soggy and my burger was so overdone I only finished about half of it.  I'm sorry guys -- I hate to write a bad review but there's really no choice here.  Stay away from this restaurant until they fix their issues."  but with one other person at the bar I expected more attention.  Overall it was good PS: Perfect date spot for Valentine's Day. Highly recommended!!" And yes someone can contact me if they'd like." No play area for kids.  This is a very small McDonalds." Brand new building. Service is good here and quick. Half of the parking lights are out and building less than a year old. I'm greeted by an angry person 4 out of every 5 times I go there.  This morning a woman didn't even look at me and started walking away before I even got my hands on the bag.  I've never been more dissatisfied with such customer service.  and you get fast food hell. Avoid at all costs - go to another Wendy's - any other Wendy's."  BUT I have been to this location and the fish hatchery location and the newer thicker beef patties have a strange old meat flavor. Not sure when or if I will go back. This used to be a favorite. Very disappointed. I wish they would go back to the old style of burgers."  neither their service nor their friendliness has declined. Wendy's is exactly what it is: fast food. I can tell you that their food is always made fresh and they never forget the simple things like ketchup if I ask for it  the bathroom was so nice and the people seemed so friendly that I would have felt guilty if I left without buying something. So  y'all. A man can drive in the dead of night with something like ten pounds of toxic food while blaring Pantera  but shouldn't they know what ""carbonation"" is?  I asked what drinks they had available that were non-carbonated and the kid didn't understand and had me pull around.  I asked again  so I'm going to guess that these poor souls aren't paid enough to care." I don't expect much in life but when I go somewhere to give them my money  "This place is pretty gross.  It's dirty.  The gas station it's attached to need a massive overhaul.  The employees are sketchy-looking at best.  Have some standards  and the employee was nice. Looks like they've gotten better since their bad reviews in '13." Their food is good. They were fast.  It's convenient. Dining room is a little dingy for a chain. Ripped seat cushions and a messy condiment bar. Drive through does not get orders exact ( e.g. Ask to hold the cheese ensures a hamburger with cheese).  it's still Wendy's food.  And that's only okay."  quick and my order is always right. It is a nice little stop when you consider that the rest of the road does not have much to offer."  soda and of course a frosty.  Likely the hamburger Gave me food poisoning Friday night.  My husband and son were ok  and the steak fries are tasty with the house seasoned salt. If I could I would always get a burger to go Perkins with only burgers.  I got what I expected.  Good place to bring a kid.  and the crispy chicken burger is also very good non beef choice. The Towering onion rings are shareable and worth a try." The prices are a little high. Drinks and appetizers can tack on a lot. That said Drive a little further and find something better.  but that is nice when your kids are screaming!  The kids menu is nice too.  We got the bottomless fries right away and it was a cheap nice appetizer.  The freckled lemonade is the BEST!"  etc.  Then: food choices. I have nothing against red meat. Love burgers. But if you want to know why America has become the most obese country look no further. Unlimited fries with every sandwich? Really?  Bottomless rootbeer float. Oink oink. There is enough sodium in this food to melt the January ice on Lake Monona."  I have tried many other menu items which are equally good!  The bottomless fries is a nice touch too.  We come here often and have never had bad food."  as well as annoying staff. The food has nothing unique about it. I wish the fries were good so ""bottomless fries"" meant something to me. The table we sat at was REALLY close to another table (there is a row of crammed tables) and the people next to us were eavesdropping the entire time. Quite uncomfortable  but I really don't look forward to all the noise." I will be in no hurry to go back." Forget the drinks- they're ridiculously expensive."  but pretty good food." Burgers are excellent all others are ok. Just want to comment on the excellent service. They were extremely busy when we were there but everyone was polite. We had to wait for our food to arrive quite a bit but Manager came over to our table and apologized even before we could complain and made the appetizer complimentary. Problems happen but how a manager deals with it matters. Great Job..Dylan  which was that he had not made a mistake. He did make a mistake...2 in fact....customer is always right and he had brought me the wrong beverage. Waiter asked that I give the manager a break This is an inexpensive way to eat out with the family. We go here often and mostly get good service. We use their Red Royalty card to save money. Often we end up getting an entree for free! It is clean and everyone can find something they like. Managers are responsive when there is an issue. Sloooooowwwwwwwww. Couldn't believe how long it took to be served below mediocre food. The con... the service is slow.  They really need to work on the service." Typical burger and beer place.  Food is pretty good.  Service was great!  lackluster/slow service and terrible food?  No thanks RR.  We won't be back."  I don't mind when my niece and nephew act up (to say I'm not a kid person would be a great understatement). The burgers here are good with fun toppings. My go to is the A1 peppercorn burger which may rival Bob's Bad Breath Burger from the Weary Traveler when it comes to giving you bad breath afterwards. The onion bun along with the crispy onions on top definitely leaves you reaching for some gum after dinner. If you are feeling gluttonous  unfortunately both burgers have been taken off for our Birthday's. Really un-proffesional. they could have put them back on our card's. The worst Birthday burger ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  wi is horrible. Extremely rude ended up leaving before we could even order. Thank god Buffalo Wild Wings in monona wi is across the way. The friendly helpful and polite staff along with their great burgers!!!" Is good hamburger!! But my low point is for the service. We wait during 10 minutes or more and never receive any waitress. We complaint with the manager a she was very good cuatomer service!!  underwhelming food.  $15 for a meh burger?  Yup." 001 calories and fries are close to 500 calories!!! (According to my ""Lose it!"" app - they could be wrong but I also believe this is an extremely high calorie meal)"  the rest of the staff begins to believe that kind of behavior is acceptable." Love this place for lunch.  Nice folks.  Good service. I eat at the bar so I can watch sports.  BUT went once at night and discovered they have excellent and cheap Manhattans and Martinis!!!! Took my daughter and 4 1/2 year old Grandson to Red Robin last night. Arrived around 4:45 and were seated. Not many customers at the time. Sat waiting 15 minutes for a server to bring us menus. There were 5 or 6 servers standing around chatting with each other.  Finally got up and left.  Always wondered what it would be like to be invisible.  Guess I know now.  Won't be back!  it's definitely worth the try more than once." Food was good as usual and the prices are reasonable. However this time our service was horrible. After initially dropping off our food we didn't see our waiter again until he slipped the bill onto the corner of the table. Not only did I want more fries I had been sitting with an empty glass of water for awhile. Will probably be back but hope we don't have that server again. "Ordered a gourmet burger because of the endless steak fries.  The burger was tasty (BBQ) but the steak fries were delicious!  We told our server we were trying to eat before a movie  but got nothing.  Several tables right near us that arrived after us already had their drinks and put in their order with a different waitress.  On the way I stopped to tell the hostess who said ""I'm really sorry.  Have a good night"".  Very disappointed in the service Same ole Red Robin. Nothing really great or bad about it. Great place for a burger and the bottomless fries makes it worthwhile. My daughter was thrilled with her choices.  She also has bottomless fries "Saturday night.  Kids with us.  Was told a 10 minute wait that turned into 20.  Was seated in back half next to 5 tables that were used to hold dirty plates.  Poor timing of food service.  They forgot my son's ""bottomless"" order of fries...bottomless my a$&!  Then we were told to use the wireless ziosk to order a beer but the server was able to bring my Diet Coke refill?!?  Bad experience  the bathroom was dirty and the place was just kinda gross."  but you know what you get here every time!"  I find that it takes away the service part of a restaurant. I can order and pay right from there - so maybe I don't have to tip that much since all the servers do is to give me water and bring out my food."  but didn't ask our burger temperature preference (which has been done on every other visit.) And gave a bit of an eye roll when my friend ordered well done broccoli for her toddler.  We also asked that fries be brought to us as soon as possible (something else they've always done.) We didn't receive any fries until they brought our order.  Speaking of which  we gave Red Robin another try. Much better this time.  It was a busy Sunday afternoon so it took quite a while for our order.  But when it came  his bright grren underwear were in full view.  One of the last things I want a cook to do is constantly pull up his pants.  Keep your hands out of your pants Definitely a candidate when I'm back in the area for another meal." I love the food at Red Robin but their customer service sucks. When you walk in no greeting they pretty much stare at you until you speak up to them. If your looking for quality customer service this is not the place to go. Food was not the greatest and the service was extremely slow.  My husband and I ordered clam chowder with our meals and when it came out it was like milk broth.  There were no chunks of potato or clams.  The manager took the soup back and gave us a different soup.  The replacement was not the greatest in taste. The best I could say was that the manager tried to make it right by comping some of our food.  I really was hoping for good food not money off of our order. I will not be going back"  I actually counted them and it was 6 fries. I started to laugh because of what they advertise and what they bring. Burgers are awesome but lately that quality and taste is coming into question;(:(" Just thought I would let you know that I almost choked to death driving home today when I took a bite of my Bacon Cheddar Melt. Two dry patties with dry bacon and dry cheese on dry buns ain't gonna go down anyone's throat prettily. Where the hell was the mayo or ketchup or water-laden lettuce and tomato? As is  but how no one noticed that one order wasn't filled for 15 + minutes just boggles my mind. I took the money from my refund and went next door to Taco Bell  discourteous staff. Have never had a positive experience at this Hardee's so I can't even rate the food."  the ring of onion on it is very hot.  Whew!!  The hot ham and cheese is the same old hot ham and cheese they have been serving for years and I still like it."  but I always like having some leftover for another meal. This Hardee's always has nice staff well whenever I have been there." 3. Download the app to earn points toward free food" Their chicken tenders are off the hook .  I only drive through and I've found the service to be consistently good.  ah hello it's a Hardee's app and it says give to agent at register to use the code and she said I don't know how to do that and ""my drawer ain't gonna be short!"" Insert rude attitude! The worst I never had a problem with this in the past. Also when I asked the coke zero was out she said we ain't got any. If they had run out wouldn't just put a sign up? Nope just to lazy to change it. As well no napkins in dining room at all!"  was that the Hardee's on Bradley?  We had some bad cleanliness issues there years ago. I cruised by there because it was close & it looked closed so I went to the Neil St location (I had a coupon for the ""moonshine"" bbq). That also had only one car...this is a litltle after 4 pm. But I went in. The shop was clean & the staff were polite but not overly so. I've been meaning to try the burgers they feature on their ads & thought it was tasty. The sauce was sticky but that's why God created napkins.  I like that they fries were cut unpeeled. So-so but ok. Good fast food at a good price."  only bums go to Mcdonalds...  but this mcdonald's poppin'!! It's where all the cool kids hang out  they tell you they gave you a straw in your bag but you look in it after you drive away and it's not there. Liars!"  they make you pay for any bbq sauce you want ($0.25/pack); I think it's sort of ridiculous  that you can't get free bbq sauce with your chicken sandwich."  and a packet of Paul Newman's salad dressing (enough for three side salads)."  you can upgrade your drink to a large free of charge because all drinks are $1!!!"  even though I had the receipt that showed I'd paid for a large.  Twice for breakfast I've ordered an egg mcmuffin meal and one time got a bacon egg & cheese the next time I got 2 yogurt parfaits.  I didn't realize either time until I got to work.  I called the last time it was wrong and they said ""well do you wanna come back""  SERIOUSLY.  I'm guessing they can't leave after work stars and neither can I.  Done with this McD's.  There's a Hardee's half a block away and I'll just head there from now on." "It's not much different from most other McDonald's. Even if they are really busy The service is horrendous. Went there numerous times and my orders have been messed up. Idk if there's an issue with management or with the workers but they need to shape up."  considering how crowded the place was on a Monday at 2:30 in the afternoon." My first mcdonald when i got to america. The playground smells horrible. The other side is missing. The server gave us the wrong nugget sauce and forgot to put our fries in the bag. Terrible service and  management."  be ready to wait in line (or sneak in the boy's room when no one is in there like I did)!  The back room has the dance floor The crowd you find that frequents Joe's consists of a lot of scantily clad sorority girls and collar popping frat guys.  If you can manage to maneuver your way through the sea of bodies in the hella hot and humid place and manage to secure a pool table "I miss this place; but only for early afternoon time on thursdays when you get fabulous service from the barkeep: frosted pint glasses and .10 most-delicious-cram-as-many-as-you-can-into-your-fat-mouth cent wings?! it's hit or miss when you go at night though; they do have a decent beer selection and $2 u-call its but I'm over the disgusting floors of Green St bars  pitchers can be as low as $4. I would imagine that if you went there in the afternoon you could have an enjoyable happy hour on the patio  and we ESPECIALLY don't want any guys listening or watching us in the bathroom.  The employees were incredibly rude and were just standing in the ladies room.  I felt extremely violated of my privacy (as any girl would) and when I confronted the employees they kicked me out.  This is not ANY way a girl should be treated  the drinks are really weak and the area is just too crowded to even move.  There are a ton of creepers on the dance floor and quite a few nefarious characters.  It's not worth it."  and it might not even be yours! Some of my best and worst college experiences come out of this place and even though I graduated this past May and have all of Chicago at my disposal "Joes was a really fun place to go... When i was 19.  Great dance floor and quite amusing watching girls try to pole dance. Nice employees. But if youre looking to get something besides a draft/bottled beer  I think the appeal is usually lost. The only plus is that they have my favorite cider (Strongbow) on tap. The service is okay and I am glad that they at least have their own beer. Their food was typical and not memorable and the beer is only okay. Given the choice  and it's leagues above Kam's. However it's a lot trashier in quality than Brother's. At least it has an outdoor section for the nicer times of the year which is a huge relief when you want to get out of the sweaty inane madness that is Joe's."  so don't bother - unless you want to pay for boxed mac&cheese that has some bacon bits tossed on top. They have a good selection of beers and sodas (be aware that it's not Pepsi *or* Coke products but RC/Dr. Pepper). I thought the draft of Bell's two-hearted complemented my Urbana veggie burger quite nicely. If they'd offered ice cream for dessert  friendly and fast. I can't comment on the late night crowd but I can see it getting rather loud and  cheese on 1/3lb burger).   The fried egg tasted like a boiled egg and I couldn't tell there was guacamole on the burger but it was okay.  They have two full pages of burgers so I'd be willing to try them again.  It's 1/2 price burgers on Tuesday nights so my meal was less than $5 so I gave them three stars for my first visit."  and the food was lukewarm by the time she served us. We had to hound her to even pay for the meals. What a horrible waitress. She really should be fired. Both our table and another table of girls never got served until the kitchen almost closed. Yikes...they really need to improve their service."  lol to the review that recommended KAM'S for a ""better time"" than Joes. Joes might have the sticky floors As long as you treat Joe's like a den of vampires (avoid after dark) "Wow....went to campus to partake in some bar hopping while the students were gone. Hardly anyone was  in the bar. We had been served by a girl with an Illini scarf and was awesome. Then....another girl took over. We ordered a diet with vodka If you really want to try this place come for half off burgers. On a Thursday. I'm thoroughly disappointed." "They've got some really great specials! We came on a Friday and got a pitcher of shandy for $6. Their burgers are good I guess i used to like clys better but they went downhill too." Classic college bar. Best thing is the 1/2 priced burgers (which they have a ton of good options of) they have 2-3 nights a week. Drinks are reasonably priced. Service Is decent. If you're not there to party with college friends or get a half off burger it's probably a good idea to find another spot in CU! Solid drinking establishment!"  but the night life there is pretty fun. But only go there late if your planning on getting wild. The drinks are mediocre."  loved the Mac and cheese as an upgrade. However today's visit had a special friend attend with us. Spotted a cockroach crawling on the wall. So much for the green health inspection sign on the door! Needless to say we won't be back anytime soon." Oh my god. Where can I start with this place? It is the greatest creation ever. This bar alone has changed humanity. I had the craziest adventure of my life at this establishment.  but it's a great spot for good food. Farren's was my favorite burger until I tried the Ragin' Cajun. Even the fries were on point and I typically hate fries. I wasn't even drunk and this meal was like a religious experience. The Bob Marley burger has some awesome stuff going on as well "One of the worst bars on campus. The place gets super crowded and the music is deafening. If you like not being able to move  go to Seven Saints or Destihl. If you're more of looking for a place with a college atmosphere  you can get a side of mac and cheese and let me tell you it is in the top three mac and cheeses offered in the Chambana area. If you can get over the fact that you are eating at Joe's  and it's really the kind of meal you should eat only half of and bring the rest home as leftovers. I've had most of the burgers without mushrooms. The Bob Marley "Joe's let's the major of Champaign personally come and raid the bar and give people tickets. It's not so much a diss on Joe's but the fact that the major actually thinks this is a huge issue. Like there are much worse things going on at this campus than this. If this major didn't have a beer before she was twenty one  you can still smell the stale beer that has surely soaked into the wood work at this point. Who knew this place had such great lunch! Lots of awesome ingredients from guacamole It's easy to get bored."  my girlfriend and I  saw a roach crawling on a counter for drinks while eating SO DISGUSTING" fantastic scenery! the service is incredible! all yah need is a beer and a mother egging bro The one redeeming quality is the staff. I've worked a block away for two and a half years and a lot of the crew have worked there that whole time. They're pretty friendly considering what they get paid. Still "Driving down Central the other day I got the munchies mid morning.  I got a croissant sandwich.  The palce was clean  effective and comes with free packets of ketchup. Enjoy!"  awesome service (night crew) This was such a good last second choice and a total money saver :)" If you come here to dine in close to closing time DO NOT sit in the back section or you will get scolded by the Latina hussie behind the counter. luv this place; as good as it gets; quick service and quality  fast food; I've been here probably over a hundred times & have never had a bad experience  that is EXACTLY why I was asking if I could get that deal because other BKs actually honor the coupon and its ambiguity. I said the coupon didn't specify but she handed me the coupon  something no one asked me to do that I am dong on my own free will. She still said no. She did not have a problem with him trying to talk to me and my friend while we were eating or that he had a really bad order. But has a problem with someone buying someone food when they are hungry. Shame on you  that was the longest fast food wait ever for a soda (80% ice) and a cone!  Now it will be another 10 years before through a drive through again." Drive thur seem very nice lol thanks for the food id recommend to anyone in this area for a lunch dinner or a snack. They got everything for fish sandwiches burgers and salads to Oreo shake and Reese cup pies !!! I love it "Please check your order before you leave the driver through window. You may well find they have charged you for warmed over garbage. When I called to complain the staff was playing the ""I can't hear you"" game. Called the ""franchise"" number given and they demonstrated indifference to the concerns of food quality. This is a outright scrub organization."  got a single whopper. Thanks for screwing me out of an extra few bucks. Also don't answer the phones..." "Visiting from out of town.  I had a good experience at this location. 8am... Friendly staff xH5axHFadmc7Veutt376TA  and this is the worst.  I have actually been sitting in line to pick up my food after ordering and listened to the window person chat about the morning news with the vehicle ahead of me.  This has happened more than once!  Are you freaking kidding me?  This is fast food not your local coffee shop.  Oh  out of 6 visits they have only had the bagged ice once. Why??? And offering me a large cup of ice for the same price is not gonna make me happy Mr. Manager. Just bag that ice up...."  from order to picking up should be no longer than 90 secs. This must not be a practiced any longer.  I have to say hello when I drive up to the speaker due to getting no response. Then I get someone who is rude and say's yes. I order the big mac deal Both times I've sat inside and both times I've overheard the same bitching several times over... .the manager having to continually tell a male employee (not kidding around)  and the chicken was slimy and smelled like it was rotting. I haven't eaten McDonald in over a year before trying it again and I found it to be just as disgusting as the last time." Homeless change clothes right in the store." Sorry but frappes are like my crack so don't mess that up."  then a fight broke out in the Parking lot as we were leaving. Gotta remember not to return here ever! Yeesh! :-/" I asked for no onions and pickles but I might as well have asked for a punch in the mouth because I got neither. "Bad service. They were slow to give my order even though they were only a few customers that time. Also I spotted a few homeless guys just outside sitting. Not only that I haven't been to McDonald's in about 5 or 6 years and no reason to ever go again." Totally a little cutie!" Don't even bother coming here. This was supposed to be the future of McDonald's. Kiosks where you could order your food and not interact with people. But unfortunately that did not happen. The people behind the counter looks like they shouldn't even be here and They don't want to be here. Why the hell are they getting paid $15 an hour? But the new building is nice but that's not a good enough reason to come and actually get food.  so i rephrase and say "" can I have a light iced coffee"" they know what it means because it is on the sticker on my cup right now... and my coffee is literally white... so now it is going in the trash and I just wasted $2. I don't need diabetes in a cup 2nd time at this new location and again they have no ice cream products due to machine being down. Worst part is that you are then stuck in the line trying to get out of the drive thru. Total waste of time. Visit another location. "they don't serve burgers after 330am due to the new 24 hour breakfast. management must be a little ""slow"" on the uptake to not be able to serve breakfast and burgers at the same time. might be the dumbest move financially."  and staff is not welcoming at all. I would also give a zero if I could."  I would not hesitate to stop by. This is a good location." "They are always screwing up my order and sometimes the food is sloppy. But "They almost NEVER have mcflurries. It's always ""we're out of icecream"". Really? At 1pm on a Tuesday afternoon? I've tried multiple times and they just never have it. They also quite frequently mess up our orders. Staff doesn't seem to care. Rude! I wish it were better because I live around the corner. After not having mcflurries again yesterday AND messing up our order we wont be eating here anymore. Sonic down the street from now on."  I straight up got someone elses order. I got a friggin chicken sandwich. I'll make the trek to another store from now on. This one is just craptastic." You know you just never know if you will like something until you try it. I tired it and that is enough. Nice friendly folks though. I do like friendly."  but was clean and well kept.  The staff was friendly as well.  I am fatter for the experience."  but is it worth the wasted gas idling in the drive thru and the potential that they will mess your order up 25 percent of the time?"  and think about what you want to do next w/r/t your art and just what the fuck are you doing with your life anyway that you think waiting outside the Whataburger for ten minutes is keeping you from actualizing some potential self that may be far better served by simply having to wait a moment for your food?" My only complaint is that it seems to be Hobo-Town in this neighborhood. You almost have to run to your car."  I get chicken strips. It is the only place I can think of that gives you a piece of toast with your meal." It cost a litle more to eat here but I think it is so worth it.  Generally spend $9 to $11 per adult." This was a good burger and definitely brought me back home!" This one I rounded up from 3.5 just because." food! We both had the runs after eating a green chili double burger and a fish sandwich. I would not recommend this place to anyone!"  this is pretty damn good." The service at this location is always top notch. Friendly and professional." I love me some Whataburger but will no longer be visiting THIS location."  the mayo tasted rancid and the chicken was not hot. I threw out he sandwich. It was disgusting."  plain and dry medium meal. Everyone there is pretty friendly. Food is my favorite for fast food!! My burger is SOOOOOOO good. The fries are hit and miss. Sometimes they are hot and fresh and amazing. Sometimes they are cold and soggy." I don't know what everyone else on here is talking about; this Whataburger is super fast!  The entire drive thru process took a grand total of four minutes.  Great place to stop for a quick lunch when you work downtown.  expect to wait 20 minutes if there is nobody in front of you.  If there is This is my second visit here with orders from Postmates customers tonight and sometimes when they place orders we need clarification on what they are requesting. I asked Stephanie (the snotty chick working the drive thru) to hold while I figured this order out. Once I placed the order. Her comment on if I was sure that's what I wanted was not necessary. I was going to place another order for food for myself but quickly changed my mind. I'd rather give my money to another business. Hopefully I don't have to come back here tonight and if I do I hope she's not the one taking my order.  onion sauce. That kind of burger. I'll say nothing about their other food items. Why this Whataburger gets four stars is the outstanding customer service we received here. Yes Very good business just a little slow with the drive threw but it's okay the food makes up for it! Not too bad for fast food. Burger comes with mustard & pickles which I always ask them to leave off. More reasonably priced than some other drive thoughts. My daughter likes their chicken strips. Some dam good fast food... it was a 70s decor tgat reminded me of the movie falling down... "For a fast food restaurant Whataburger has a good burger as well as chicken sandwiches. Their meat is flavorful and the entire sandwich is seasoned well. They have worked hard to make it more like an eat in restaurant rather than what most know as fast food. You order at the counter I'm sitting here pondering my stone cold burger...  Ordered around midnight.  Wondering if it was made last dinner rush.   The fries were nuclear hot.   What happened?  As added insult Their drive thru is the slowest drive thru to the point you have to tailgate to get your food. Especially don't go after 6pm. The drive thru is 15 minutes for each car that's in it. Hope this helps you to never eat and waste your time on this garbage food.  but the food wasn't over the top or anything special in my opinion" Only reason for 4 stars is that when I was eating mine you could tell they just slapped everything together and was kinda messy and I had to set it up to eat it." "I was really excited to finally try whataburger. More like what a disappointment. I tried both the whataburger and the whatachicken. The chicken sandwich was actually really good. Maybe it was just too hyped. Either way  no one wants a completely squished burger. Could have went to McDonald's and get a NOT squished burger. Maybe it is just this location Drive out from Moreno Valley ca. To watch a dodger game and first stop was whataburger. So so good Good and speedy services.  You now need a token to use the restrooms.  I always have a better day after the way you treat me and every other customer who comes through the que." Btw I come to this location at least three times a week. Keep up the great work!!!!" Really fast. Fresh French fries is a plus I ordered paid and recieved my food in less than 3 minutes. The girl that was working was determined to be get me in and out fast. "They are always quick with the food. The food tastes like Wendy's food should taste like. And "This location is up and down on there service. I eat here 5 days a week. I do the drive thru and dine in ocationally. The dine in is out of the question for a petite girl unless your packing pepper spray or a gun. A man standing at the foutain drink machine asked me for change! I told him ""no""and he smiled and stared me down until I filled my drink and walked away! Gross people wondering around stumbling into this location. I forgot to get napkins and I was fearful to go back up there because the creepy man was continuing to ask everyone who ordered for money. A man did notify the teller who then got a manager but the creeper was gone.Not a good place to bring your mother or children. The staff are all very nice and prompt however the drive thu needs a little fine tuning. Three separate ocations they completly forgot something. Spoon for chilli "The staff was friendly and service was provided in a timely manner.  It was also a great place to sit out the ""snow storm"".  I might not ever get back to this location  right? Not fast food! Why can't I stay away from Burger Kings? I always give them negative reviews for service." The helpful female behind the counter casually taking my double whopper meal order just a few mins before closing with a  friendly smile on her face was enough to forget your in a sketchy area late at night. I very much enjoy my endless options at the soda machine and the clean tables in the dining area. Sadly the whole time I was thinking there they never swept the floor that needed it. Yeah its a small thing and I am not going to eat off it  I'm sure it's happened to many other customers. I talked to the manager and was put on hold and then the call disconnected... Or else they hung up on me. Either way Pretty clean avenue. The food and service were above par compared to other venues. Nice modern touch and they even have an all in one coke machine! Well deserved 4 stars. I had a sausage biscuit with a kick ass looking buttermilk bun that was infused with syrup.  The meat was spicy (ala McDonnalds) but the rest was just yucky.  I highly recommend you skip Wendy's for breakfast.  Bummer."  last thing I want after a 4hr flight and landing in 100+ weather is hot g4Eit1EeeEGhTVik6AWYsA This Wendy's is no better than any other Wendy's. However Wendy's is probably the best of the fast food joints.  I hope you try harder to take the time to do it right. I believe in you." Don't go to this Wendy's unless you are willing to wait in line for a long time while some weirdo is glancing at you every thirty seconds." "I had a bad experience several weeks ago where I had to pull up and wait for my food. The wait was over 10 minutes and after all of that my order of bacon was not in the bag. I had to go in and wait in line to get the item. I'm all for second chances so today I went to Wendy's and once again I was asked to pull up to the palm tree. I timed it and once again I waited over 10 minutes for my food. It was a breakfast meal and not even close to the end of the serving time.They came out with the food and this time I checked and no bacon. She went in and did bring it out to me this time  but left without anything.  The patron two cars in front of me apparently thought she was ordering at a fine dining establishment.  It's Wendys not a fancy steakhouse. While waiting for this person to finish ordering her lenghtly and detailed order So incredibly gross. SO gross. Gross. Don't go here This review is pretty much for the limited time Chicken Flat bread.  I really liked this sandwich.  It is better than their hamburgers.  Quite a lot of flavor.  I hope to see it back soon.  Not much else to brag about this place.  The salads and chili are just maybe ok. This Wendy's isn't the worst but it certainly isn't the best. Sometimes they get my order wrong but they're close by. I really like one of their managers who is here during the weekdays. He is very good at keeping the staff on their toes but I haven't seen him as recently as my last visit. The drive thru service is horrible with errors from ordering to inability to understanding the English language. This place has gone downhill. My be got food here once and all of it was just thrown together and cold . I thought I'd play it safe and get a frosty today since my one surgery can't eat fast food . So there was something in my frosty I almost puked and had to throw it away . Don't go to this location The location of this Wendy's is across for the VA hospital.  So you will see a lot of doctors or nurse here and sometime patients.  I will say that this Wendy's could use a makeover.  Hopefully one day they will  I order the same thing. A junior cheeseburger with a cesar side salad. Every time I get the wrong items. I'm getting real tired of it. I've worked the drive thru at fast food places. It's seriously not that hard. Come on people...." "We used to have a Wendy's down the street and it was perfect for those nights when you didn't want to cook.  It closed and one of the ""bertos"" burrito places but I digress.  The dollar menu is great ans the choice of fries or salad ia nice.  I also love love love the full size salads.  I miss our old close one but we'll often go for a quick dinner - just further"  I was  just in there and overheard the manager saying ""stop taking orders"" I assumed he said that because he thought it was too much to handle. It really wasn't busy. The restaurant needs all new employees and management  #sorrynotsorry"  I will check my order and make them fix it before they can help the next person. ."  frostys are delicious and also like the free style coke machine." This is ridiculous.. tomorrow I will head in and speak with the manager.. but since I've just gotten off a 16 freakin hour shift I'm just to tired and frustrated to go and not say something I shouldn't about the lack of iq points the employees seem to share.."  your very grateful to be able to get to a restroom. This place don't even service there restrooms often like other places. I brought it to the attention of the cashier when I order my food and she said she would get someone to take care of it. I got my food  I was greeted with a friendly smile at the pick up window. The food was fresh and the service was great!"  then I had to wait in line all over again just to order. Shortly after that  bit into a burger and it tasted like fish. I immediately became ill. The management was none too concerned. I was told it must have been random because they pulled the sleeve of meat and there was nothing wrong with it. All I know is I vomited in their bathroom and my daughter became ill. If you value your digestive system I walk over here when I get hungry during long days in the studio as its right around the corner. Yay for tacos and cheesy fries."  the problem just occurred again today.  Management has more work to do." It's jack in the box so you know what to expect but this is one of the few jack in the box locations that is not stingy at all with the condiments. I ordered a snack box and asked for ranch (you can put ranch on almost anything at jack) I got 5 containers of it. Don't mind me just getting excited over ranch. "How does a fast food joint get four stars?? This is when I know not to take Yelp seriously. This garbage is the epitome of Ill take the East Coast's Cookout any day. Jack you are too proud of your food."  was the best SDJ ive had in ever. Gentleman at the window addressing customers was courteous and professional  (or so they appeared) walk up to the beverage counter with unbranded Styrofoam cups and helped them selves to a drink of their choosing. All the while the Manager and other crew members seemed to turn a blind eye to this seemingly petty crime. All that said Never again. Really !!!!!!!" What a slow ass drive through!!! How does this constitute fast food? Everytime I hit this McDonalds it's so slow.....  posted for wrong McDonalds originally."  for a MacDonald's the food is generally acceptable. Today I got the number 2. 2 cheeseburgers a fry and a drink. The fries were alright. The cheeseburgers were ok once you got past the dried buns that tasted like they had been out of the package for hours. I was there approximately noon. The parking lot was full but the dining room wasn't. It didn't take long to give my order or get my food. Unlike other reviewers i didn't use the bathroom but this is only the second McDonald's i have been in in the valley where they ration napkins. No napkin dispenser out where customers can get to them. Nice new fancy menu board. The owner very needs to put less time It's nothing special but holds some memories for me." you get 4 stars just for being open!" I for one will go a little further down the street from now on to the Wendys.  At least I've seen the night Manager there take care of biz and deals with all his customers in an appropriate way."  that dastardly mayo somehow found it's way on to the angry whopper. The Big King did not live up to it's name. It was actually kind of a pathetic looking sandwich. Pretty sure they used the value patties  and the bread was kind of stale. Needless to say I expected a bit more for a sandwich that costs almost $4. Needless to say I don't think I will be visiting Burger King any time in the near future."  regardless of what they are selling. Perhaps Burger King should pay their employees more than minimum wage and we can deal with people who actually give a s**t about the people who are paying for their services." "I only go here because I only get a 30 min. Lunch break and it's close by. But they ALWAYS get my order wrong. Once I ordered 2 whopper meals for my coworker and i and when I got back to the office When I looked up this Burger King I was surprised it only had 2 stars! I went to this particular location because they accepted some coupons I received in the mail.  There was a line but the cashier was already taking my order after a few minutes! He was polite and even let me keep the coupons so I could use them again. The food was just as great as the service definitely coming back. Now this is one fancy treat! I went to this mcdonalds late saturday night and almost blew out my britches from the terrible burger king the night before when I realized how good the golden arche's prices treat ya! With the cost of gas more than your neighbors flapjack its hard to imagine how they cram all that chicken in each nuggy and keep it only a dollar to add on to ANY combo meal. 5 stars! The pm crew leaves a bit to to be desired "I'm a social worker who visits homes in central Phoenix and this is my go to McDonald's when I need a cheap coffee or if I need to use the bathroom. This is the cleanest/safest McDonald's in the area and I never hesitate to stay here to do work if I'm feeling too cheap to hit up Starbucks. I've encountered the occasional weirdo  soggy fries!  The workers consistently sound irritable and commonly get your order wrong.  I usually would not waste my time reviewing a McD's but after 10+ visits to this McD's I am thoroughly dissatisfied.  Do your self a favor and drive down the road to the next McD.  Especially if you want hot When I am traveling I often go to a MacDonald's for breakfast.  I usually need to eat something and can count on pretty standard fare and a decent price.  If it's just before catching a plane in the morning I wish I would have asked his name. I think people deserve credit for doing things like that It is so unhealthy and gross! the chicken there isn't even real. YUCK!!! The staff is friendly and always make sure ur order is right. The food is done very fast and it taste great. Slow. Wrong order and didn't ask if i wanted cream and sugar. Saw one guy walking around aimlessly looking at the register. Wont be coming back. gI4K9HiRGqsWRnpQ5x5F-A  place is dirty and food not cooked well." If I could give this restaurant negative stars I would! Mcdonalds service has gone so down hill and managers don't care. Never going back. It's McDonald's so you know the menu and prices but do you know the location. This location is updated and clean. Fast friendly service both in the restaurant and at the drive thru. It is a busier location due to being centrally located but that does not stop this location from getting the job done. I waited 45 minutes in the drive through line with 3 cars in front of me. The cashier did not even apologize for the wait. Very disappointed.  they just looked at me and started talking to their friends. I almost turned around and walked out. The customer behind me was getting the same treatment. Thank you for your time." 74NT13vpDleoNrkxQdEpsQ "My favorite fast food restaurant for my French fries needs! Quick and great customer service. They are in a busy intersection so it is usually a busy drive-thru "This place is HORRIBLE!!! Most of the time it's filthy and the people that work there are not very friendly "This place is HORRIBLE!!! Most of the time it's filthy and the people that work there are not very friendly The Mexicans here are very rude and will never get your order right.  I would ignore this place due to its lack of communication and poor customer service.  Good luck trying to get 15$ an hr for what you do.  Thumbs down!  the regular speard of cold sammies and a few hot sandwiches too."  past the ducks and turtles who are enjoying the pond.    I am so happy to be able to support Sammy and his small business without sacrificing anything!"  best BLT (comes with avocado!) I've ever had. Sami the owner is always on location and makes sure you are taken care of.  The food is fresh  I strongly urge you to double and triple check the charges on your bill and pay in cash so they don't have the opportunity to overcharge your card."  but the music was pretty damn good."  this was ideal for our lunch meeting...  we didn't have to wait and we could hear each other speaking.  They validate your parking in the garage so it's pretty convenient as well.  I'd like to go back on a Friday or Saturday night to experience their live entertainment and perhaps another selection from their dinner menu... but until then  it got really crowded and a DJ started playing a lot of bangin' hip hop.  They even took it old school during last call with Blackstreet's ""Before I let you go"".  We had a great time dancing and met a lot of cool people.  Generally  but I can say that the service they gave us was great and the food was good. I had their 16 oz steak and their cheesecake/sweet potato crust (both delicious!). Would be open to come back again." N-gqIeVDebI3qgwxf1jMcw N-gqIeVDebI3qgwxf1jMcw don't get me wrong mcDonalds is good but at specific locations it varies this is one of them i ordered drive thru for me and my lil one and well we got food poisoning next day we at first said cant be McDonalds but that was one of the last things we ate the prior day i hate to type this but watch out for sure "20 McNuggets for under $5. When I crave a McDonald's cheeseburger This particular McDonald's is actually decent. The cashiers sometimes have a hard time understanding English but usually get my order correct. And I usually only wait an average of seven minutes for my order to be ready. The cleanest McDonald's restaurant I've found with great customer service.  It's not five-star dining but it is five-star fast food. All in all I'm happy with this location."  I may not know what's in the food I am eating but at least it satisfied my last guilty pleasure cant say I will be back any time soon Boomer Sooner! Go OU!" qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg  JT....OMG...the wings will make you take flight. They are the most delicious little mouth delights. Serious ..dude should have a solid gold chicken wing out front. They are grilled to perfection Hands down best bar in the nation. I go here a few times a week. The food is amazing and the bartenders and waitress are friendly and gorgeous. Even if it's packed the waitress is always right there with a smile. I recommend the wings and taco thursdays! it's a great place to go to watch the game. go sooners!  Rebecca was sweet and informative... The place is simple... and cheap... and packed... The wings seemed to be the thing... and Im wishing I had a taste for them... just never have been a fan. But they looked good... My friend had a burger... it was piled high with mushrooms.. I had a grilled chicken sandwiche...basic Best wings ever!!!! There is no place that can stand near this place for wings. "I'm a fan of J.T.'s.  Reasonable drinks and REALLY good wings.  It's small Note: It gets really packed around dinner time and the service can be slow - so take a deep breath Great wings...cool place to chill  the food is delicious and you'll end your night with a shockingly cheap tab!" Service sucks bad on the weekend. Mainly because the weekend waitresses are unfriendly and incompetent. Amazing wings. I would suggest going just for them but during the week when the blonde waitress works who is very friendly and highly competent. Can't get much better than this.  This was our first time in and the regulars welcomed us as if we had been coming there for 10 years!  We will definitely be back.  The wings are just too awesome not to have again." This place a small bar with very little walking space. I can only imagine if I came during happy hour or when a big game was on. I would give them 3.5 stars  cooked really god damn well and served perfectly crispy.  I would come back strictly for the wings despite my overall discomfort there.  But then  JT's is the place. It's got a very regular Baja Arcadia crowd but is friendly to newcomers also. Put a couple of bucks in the jukebox and play Johnny Cash "All I really need to say is GRILLED WINGS.... but I shall say more in detail. They have the BEST wings in town! They fry the wings "I was introduced to this bar by an old landlord in arcadia. at the time i was not a buffalo wings kinda guy but that has all changed. this place has set the bar for wings in phx for me. fried "Best dive bar. Ever.  Go see Beth and order yourself a ""Clint Black."" You can thank me later."  but don't take my fucking seat. I'm hungry."  cool crowd and best wings in PHX. You need to order ""The Works"" wings (secret menu) Julio is the cook and he does a great job! You will find JT sitting at the bar usualyy drinking with the patrons. There's a juke box and great daily specials such as: 2 for 1 burgers on Tuesdays. A can't miss spot." The wings are absolutely amazing. They made me feel like carnivore. Yum! Tacos are also very good. People are nice and friendly. Service is on point. So far I'm in love. Definitely if I was a resident of Phoenix I would come here frequently.  I love local places like this."  and Julio keeps mine nice and rare. Perfect. It's a great place to chew the fat with a friend. You can also just walk in by yourself and spark up a conversation with just about anyone there. Be careful with JT though. He is a man of few words qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg  great tasting bar food at it's best but the thing you have to get is the wings.  These are the best wings in town "Were the wings the best I've ever had? Probably. I love the divey feel of the place too. Definitely my kind of bar. The only thing that bumped it down was how warm my beer was. I know that's a bit picky "This review is for drinks only! I went here last night with a party of 8 people for a birthday party. The place is cute and supposedly has awesome food...but their kitchen was closed! Lame! Anyway  just on the good side of too salty. Try not to be put off by ""chicken feet"" on the menu; they aren't feet but rather... the most delicious and moist chicken tenders EVER (one-upped with homemade ranch dressing). We walked in just looking for a chill spot to watch some Olympiad action and were so pleasantly surprised. Friendly  salad and a baked potato.  I also love the tacos special.  I thought it was taco Tuesday but maybe it's Taco Thursday.  Great special.  Now I must say that it's a old neighborhood bar in a old little strip mall.  Growing up down the road since the 60's I saw how the bar used to be.  It was where the men and ""drunks"" would go to drink.  I always say that it was my friends and I that changed the place.  My husband would go there with some friends and slowly slowly I would go.  I would be dressed up and feel very out of place.  Eventually about three years later I saw the change that I fell we instigated in about 2005.  It is now a tavern that you can take your girl to BEST WINGS EVER!!!!  Service is slow but it's worth it!  Burgers are good too but the wings are outstanding! Wings were OK. Liked the Yella Pilsner draft special. Decent dive bar. Real good ranch! Great tasting food at great price. Drinks are ok.  How can one mess up a fun and tonic?  cheap drinks and the best wings in town :)" Overall taste was a 5 but experience knocked one off."  space is tight and the people come in all shapes  and the drinks are strong and the bartenders are awesome. Tip: don't order a frozen drink. It's not the place for it  and if you can't deal with true dive bar bathrooms  home grown dive bar ever.. The beer is ICE COLD and the wings are THE BEST in this town....Jenny is a fantastic bartender and makes you feel like family from the minute you walk in until you crawl out the door!"  very small but fun and they have great wings!" I really liked this hole-in-the-wall.  Yes the grille wings rock!! Just kidding. We had a blast and the place is such a typical neighborhood Divey Bar. Check it out. Not sure the prices since the man next to us was buying all the drinks and I was the DD." "Classic dive bar in the east coast sense of the term.  Not many left in the world.  If you like wings than you have to stop by at least for a taste and the rest of the standard bar food is rotated as daily specials and are very generous and filling (especially steak night!).  Lots of regulars who appear to be very welcoming and deferential to newcomers (i.e.  along with other daily specials. It can be a little Arcadia 'clique-y' and you won't get much sports watching here given the tight space. It is a good place for Oklahoma football games It is definitely a locals hang-out with the guy sitting next to me at the bar trying to remember the name of an Arcadia nightclub from 1990 which ""used to be great until it turned a bit knifey"" The bartender and the local struggled with the name. I was of no help. I Googled ""knifey Arcadia nightclub"" without success. I left before they could get it "Local hidden gem. I snapped some pics to share with my OU friends and they were definitely happy. Small place but packed on a weeknight. Two tv's to watch whatever's on.  No frills service. Good bar food. I'll admit I didn't find the wings to match their hype here qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg They have a pretty large beer selection on tap and every liquor you would want! This place is def going to be apart of my repertoire and it should be for you too!"  don't believe the review underneath mines. I'm almost 100% positive it was done by someone who works for them or has some sort of affiliation with this place. It's written like an advertisement. The wings look NOTHING like they do in that picture. This review would be VASTLY different if they did. Our wings were all limp and flaccid when they showed up to film. Nice try you guys. You make me sick." qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg  hot fries. Anything better? I think not. Bar was crowded but the 1 server did a masterful job of getting drinks and food out for all the customers. We were the oldest by far  and the food was fantastic. The wings are incredible. A must visit! I'll  be back for sure!"  cozy little dive ! Best wings in town ?! Top ten for sure ! The hours seem to be a little wonky but that's ok" "This place has a really great laid back vibe to it. I've had lots of wings in my life from lots of different places and hands down this place has the best wings on the planet. If you like wings "Wings on wings on wings. If you come here they are a must and while your at it get a beer from one of the local breweries they have on draft... Take a cab  and awesome bartenders. New TV's to watch football all day. Definitely worth the drive here if it is out of your way just for their famous wings. Will not be disappointed. Small bars with character does not not get any better. Someone you meet in this first 30 minutes will most likely buy you a shot or beer. It's that kind of friendly vibe." Dive bar heaven! Loved this little gem. Their is a jukebox so you can play your own tunes. The drinks are cheap. The patrons are hilarious. The vibe is awesome and reminds me of little beer joints back east. Go. Drink. Be merry! Best wing's (the works!!) and sports bar atmosphere ever! The best music is always playing!  but they didn't charge us for any add-ons like upgrading to onion rings. Burger was good! Not life changing The bartenders are ahhhhhmazzzzing! Don't know how they do it! Had a medium rare filet  tonight. Steak night duh why wouldn't you get the Wednesday night steak special! Herman is a great chef! They have a jukebox ... Awesome! Go to JTs and you will be winning! I heart Megs! "JT's receives a lot of praise for their buffalo wings and it is well deserved. We trekked over from old town on our bikes. JT's is easy to get to from the canal. After sitting down at a table we were greeted by the friendly staff. Beers arrived quickly and an order of 12 medium wings were out shortly after. Fried I give five stars for the atmosphere and extremely friendly staff who clearly appear to enjoy their job and the down to earth people who know about this small bar." It's a smaller hole in the wall kind of place. But for this stretch of Indian School it's a great easy going kinda spot.  pretty plain bloody Mary's but the wings are amazing!! If you're like us and always looking for great wings Got charged 3 times one card and have to wait 2 days to get my money back. I understand how the banks work but come on.....$135 for 10 shots of fireball. Ridiculous. First time there and probably last time there We heard about the wings and we weren't disappointed. I tried the spicy honey bbq the works and the hot wings. The hot wings were the best of the three. The works and the honey bbq were close in flavor so I'd recommend only one of the sweet ones to go with the spicy. Our service was amazing. The place was packed and there were only two people working the server was very attentive and quick with refills "Probably the best wings I've ever had. They're crispy and slightly barbeque charred on the outside (not messy or greasy at all) but still moist and juicy on the inside and packed with tons of flavor. Great hole in the wall spot with lots of character. Type of place common in older east coast cities  delicious!  JT's is the perfect neighborhood hangout.  You must go.  The bartenders are awesome and so are the cooks.  They get to know you and when you come in again they have your ""usual"" ready for you.  Very hard to find a place like this in a large city.  Fantastic!" "" it's an insider flavor that's sweet and spicy. I get mine with a side of hot sauce cuz I love my wings spicy! They also have homemade ranch which is totally dope."  I prefer a more crispy outside and I like a lot of heat. These wings are drenched in sauce when double dipped Your classic hole in the wall bar. Nice people and fantastic wings. Good pricing on drinks too. Worth a visit for sure "Ahhhmazing wings.  Go on Mondays for wing special; $6.  I've only been once It is better in the winter than the summer. Great music player on wall."  I promise {Other local restaurants have tried to copy their ways and can't compare!} It's full of Arcadia locals and the best place to visit on a Saturday afternoon to watch sports "Tired of the $15 burgers in old town decided to log a few extra miles to and wander over to a tried and true favorite.  It happened to be $.95 cent taco Thursdays and while my friends indulged in several of the other menu items I went with taco's which were a great value and 2 filled me up as they were accompanied with the right mix/amount of lettuce  I haven't seen him lately...possible sighting in Paradise Valley restaurant but could not  confirm if it was him or a clone?"  he does them the best. Bar has divey atmosphere and a hint of sports bar persona." "We used to close this place down (regularly).  Love JT's!  Great tiny little watering hole where the ""regulars"" constantly occupy their favorite barstools.   Is that old codger still renting a party bus to the Jimmy Buffett concert every year?  Oh & their wings are the BEST! One of the few places in town that you can order them fried  since she says the ladies room (is cleaner and nicer than most restaurants).  It's a neighborhood bar "This is literally the best bar I've been to in Phoenix. It's a small neighborhood dive bar. We started out with jalapeo poppers which were delicious. Top notch. We then had the double dipped ""works"" grilled wings. I consider myself a wing connoisseur and these were the best I've ever had! Also  so filled in the blanks and JT is out of the picture but his legacy lives on.  This place is as popular as ever but we usually manage to find a spot.  Today's review is for the cook who deserves a bonus and a nice long all expense paid vacation...I've never seen someone who can knock out a couple hundred wings  and the finished grilled touch makes them extra special.  I love this fun little narrow bar! Great place to kick back I'm for sure going back sometime. The wings were the bomb." The one good thing about JT's is that the bartender the night we were in was good looking and very friendly guy with exceptional service." Please get someone better! Looks don't beat good service."  crispy are the best wings I've ever had anywhere. Absolute perfection....finished on the grill the way a wing should be."  (some bald tool) of this place told my friend he had to leave. This was after loading the jukebox and ordering drinks. If you enjoy alcoholic bars this is for you. And by alcoholic I mean ""owner"" specifically."  great people. Love this place!"  atmosphere and friendly people who go there. I will keep going back again and again to this neighborhood gem!"  and perfectly toned attitude. The wings are superior. There is no happy hour - I kind of like that. I used to go to a place that had a sign up that said ""No happy hour 4pm to 6pm.""  I felt at home. It was crowded  but still a great place to get some food. Kind of dive-y. Parking is difficult." JTs is the best bar to go to whether it's for HH during the week or on the weekend. Always a great atmosphere with the absolute best wings of all time- the works or medium! I love it so much that I ask for JTs gift cards for holidays! A wonderful little neighborhood bar in an exceptional location. The wings are some of the best in town. Great crowd of regulars and friendly bartenders. Love the vibe in here.  but meaty enough that a dozen will likely fill you up. We enjoyed the spicy honey BBQ and the works (kind of a mashup of other sauces It's a solid local joint. I was there on a Wednesday evening and seemed to be the only person who wasn't a regular. Service was alright. Nothing to rave about but not terrible either. Will visit for another round of their suicide wings. Awesome local bar!  Surprisingly good food! Grilled wings and tacos!   Bathrooms are clean! The only drawback was the amount of time we waited for our food which was probably about 45-60 minutes. The waiter apologized and let us know that a ton of take out orders were put in right before we arrived but it does make me leery about going back during dinner and receiving a timely meal. Regardless we will return but maybe at a less peak time Favorite wing spot in Phoenix!  Thanks to my good friend Robbi G. who turned me onto this place.  but constant reasonable pricing. I can explain: happy hour already means that a place gets too crowded at that time and there is no way to have a rest enjoying you drinks. I prefer coming to bar whenever I want to! JT's Bar & Grill has vigorous energy and it feels like home  good times and good people. They have beer and food and games. The guac rules. Everything rules and everyone should go here. I am adding more words so this review will be accepted. Yay Yelp."  the place is rather small and the service was a little slow but this is understandable because it was packed...the music was also very good.." Great place for a night out on the town! I don't recommend bringing in a big group unless you call ahead and ask if they have room. It's a very small and narrow place."  wings are bomb and service is amazing!!!!  Love that you can pick your own music as well....bonus!!!" FRDZ59oRvUSs4gf-itOCBg Had a major late night craving. Since Jack in the Box has late hours I went through the drive thru. I was immediately greeted and my order was placed on the screen right. As I drove up to the window the cashier was friendly and took my money. Given a receipt along with my change my food was quickly prepared. This late night snack was the Chicken Fajita Pita. Mighty tasty I have to say. My food was hot and fresh. I will be back again.  none of tables were cleaned off. They also got my order wrong. The lady was nice  tv always on showing ""the game"" and there is a pinball machine and a Ms. Packman.  Waca waca waca...."  super Chicago divey-chic I am Sean's unfulfilled yearning."  along with there chili cheese fries. This place can not be beat. And if your a Chicago fan you will love it the whole place is decorated with Chi-town memorabilia." CONS: Can't really think of anything." Where is Dorothy's slippers???  There's no place like home...there's no place like home..." I cant give 5 stars because of their messed up hours.. WTF is 8pm as a closing time?!" You HAVE to try this!"  but it was still very busy at what appeared to be the tail end of the lunch rush.  Don't look at the walls or under the tables and you'll be fine."  if you're a transplant from the Midwest and a fan of White Castle they are not exactly like that.  They are bigger but a good percentage of the slider goodness you're used to.  I still go to the Castle when I go back home for Christmas  eating there makes me feel manly. Enough said."  but my taste buds say YES. and who am i going to listen to? the taste buds every time. i love these kind of establishments and urge everyone to support the business and ignore their arteries as well!"  which I happen to like. Got a box in my freezer right now actually. But that's the thing - my favorite restaurant veggie burgers are the ones I don't eat at home on a regular basis. Bun was standard grocery store bun The Chicago Hamburger Company will make you forget that you're in the land of strip malls and chain restaurants. It's feels like a real neighborhood joint. Next up "Great place to grab a slider.  Have a banana milkshake.  They're delicious.  The Italian beef is a great sandwich too.  Hot giardiniera is the best on top.  Service is always great here Great burger place. Very similar to Ted's in Tempe. Closed on Sundays. the grilled chicken sandwich hold the mayo add ketchup and mustard and the fries - off the chain!  minus one star because it should stay open later.  love the sliders. Better than White Castle and definitely better than that rip off place we have here in Orlando called Krystal."  but the Chicago Hamburger Co. was everything that I was craving and more."  we got out of there for about 20 bucks which is great for the wallet.  For a quick cheap meal that makes you feel less guilty than going to McDonald's  then this is the place for you! It's certainly not a flashy place. The interior could certainly do with some improvements Fantastic  Sliders!!  Give this girl some sliders and chili fries and all is right with the world. This is quick food done right!  but really...sliders are the reason to go to Chicago Hamburger." This place is all right." All in all this is gonna be one of my go to places here in Phoenix.  YUM!!!" It's not quite like the White Castle variety This is your quintessential Chicago dog place.  They do a great job on all their dogs/sausages.  We also tried their sliders and Italian beef which were both good also but the Chicago dogs were definitely that thing to get here.  I would recommend this place to anybody craving a Chicago dog and sliders.  and a medium coke. As an adult this order has never changed. I highly recomend this place to anyone who wants to indulge in a good burger. My one regret so far is I still have yet to try a slider from here. Also the cheese fries are amazing! Enjoy." I love this place.  Great sliders and thats the only thing I get.  perfect slight pink inside.  Dogs are loaded with goodies with the right amount of kick.  Onion rings are crispy  old-fashioned American food. You won't be disappointed if you eat here. The decor is fabulously retro  served on Saturdays. Pretty solid dog and burger spot right in my hood. It made me think that PHX does actually get a good mix of culture from across the country/world. My top spot in the valley for Hot dogs would still be Ted's iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug I have not been here in years and am wondering why.  I thought I was back home in Chicago when I walked in. This place is the real deal!  Chicago memorabilia on the walls the help in red white and blue ( ala cubs) t-shirts... and oh yeah!  Great Vienna hotdogs with the nuclear green relish.  I also had a two cheeseburger sliders.  Very tasty as well. windy city day buckaroo." Super yummy comfort food!" It is safe to assume that I'll be back to this place to try more of their food. Next time I'm definitely getting a Chi-town dog! =)"  it was okay. We had better. Items were nice and hot. Business seemed a little to crowded with memorabilia. We will try again when we are in town again  they are wicked efficient in clearing the ordering line and then they pump through the orders like nobody's business.  My burger was delicious and soooooo juicy.  The cheese was all gooey and melty and the bacon was thick and crunchy.  Perfect!  To top things off  and shakes. Other people have said they have good steak and cheese sandwiches. Parking situation is not very good." The hot dogs here are always scrumptious and the fries aren't too shabby either. The chocolate shake however is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good. It is the best hot dog place in the Biltmore area hands down. Tasty burgers and onion rings. Clean and friendly. I'd go back again. Best sliders in town! I went here every week in HS. It gets busy though. Park around the corner. Great food and a wonderful family run business. there is not alot to say about this place.  there are only a handful of tables and you order lunch counter style however what they lack in size they make up for in Chicago memorabilia... oh yea did i mention that their sliders are stinking awesome???!!!!" Sorry Chicago Hamburger Co I really really wanted to like you." Or I suppose I could just try something else the next time  The sliders are very simular to white castle's and I wasn't very impressed with the dogs but it was fairly cheap and you got a lot of food. Fun little location. I did buy a shirt haha." iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug This place is awesome.  A true representation of an old Chicago style burger joint.  The food is great and service is good.  No complaints here.  The sliders are amazing and the dog is wonderful too.  You won' be disappointed with this place! "Went there for lunch today....I was craving a burger when a coworker suggested this place.  It was exactly what I was looking for.  The sliders reminded my of a place that I frequented in Hackensack  I was initially introduced by a friend who knew that I was originally from Illinois and missed some good old fashioned Midwest comfort food. My first venture there I tried their Italian beef sandwich "four cheese sliders with everything and a medium dr. pepper - and you're getting out of there for under $7. i will be back many a times to check out everything else they got. i like their style - laid back  ""eh"" on the hamburger and I had the same opinion on the hot dog.  Nothing special and I have definitely had better - even at a roadside stand.  The service and atmosphere were great along with the prices Next time I'll try the hot dogs." Every Friday the owner of the company I work for springs for lunch for all 30 employees and today I had the pleasure of picking our order up from Bob "This ain't no diet joint! When you want the real deal from sliders to shakes "Great Italian Beef Sandwich!! I have been looking for this kind of sandwich for some time. Little did I know it was right down the street from us. I am not a big fan of sliders My dad has been going to this place quit awhile now.  I have been lucky enough to go with him a handful of times.  This place will make all Chicago sports fans proud.  A little too much Cubs stuff for a South sider like myself but the food makes it all worth it.  I had the sliders this last time and they were great.  The fries that went with were just as fantastic.  I can't wait till the next time my dad and I can go visit Bob and have a great Chicago experience in the middle of the desert.  but their tuna salad is the most pleasant pale green color I have ever seen.  It's because they put relish in it.  Lots of delicious relish.  I am in love with their sandwiches  shakes and hot dogs. The food is good and it's such a unique place."  but if you go during 2 to 3 its nice and calm."  and sliders from Chicago are one of the things I miss most about Phoenix." "just got done throwing down a loaded cheddar dog. can't complain one bit. this place is starting to grow on me and i haven't even had a normal sized cheeseburger or special burger yet. or a shake... or a polish sausage... man Will be back for the shake or the patty melt." "Sliders are the reason I first started to go here; but I have grown to love the other food.  Always wanted to try White Castle; so  just the dirt that comes from a well-worn well-known place.  The staff and cooks toil hard yet are always quick and friendly.  The food is great.  It's not backyard bbq good - - - it's hole-in-the-wall kinda good.  The shakes are great.  The prices are even better.  My daughter always wins a stuffed animal from the ""Claw Arcade Game"" - - - although it's probably cause I give her 20 quarters.  She and I both love the sliders.  They have a good flatscreen that always has a game on.  The only thing that would make me want to stay longer or go more frequently would be to put Galaga instead of Pac-Man.  Also I have been going past this place wanting to try it for a while but never made it in until last night.  I ordered the sliders because it's called Chicago Hamburger Co for a reason.  I got two double's with cheese.  They were really good and just hit the spot.  I got an order of onion rings and a chocolate malt to go with them.  I love how this place has malts not too many places make them anymore.  This place is what it is a great burger place that is not for the health conscious people but hey they aren't trying to be.  but its a great place for good food"  they are fantastic!!  I think the soft and chewy roll is what makes them so damn addictive!!  I have actually never tried anything else on the menu because all I know is that when I go here all I want is sliders!!  The decor of this place is really cool as well.  All stuff Chicago sports.  Although I'm not a fan of Chicago I understand this place.  If a place like this existed in Phoenix that had all things Boston I would love it!  I really don't have much more to say though about the place since I have only tried one thing but I will say this.  The staff is friendly and if the the Cubs ever win the World Series  burgers and dogs are great!  Makes us feel like we are back in Chicago without all the snow!"  so I think I may have to come back to give them a try." This place is truly a gem." "I work pretty close by and it has been a great place to pick up lunch. I usually call it in and they have it ready in less than ten minutes. My only problem is they have so many great choices on the menu that deciding on lunch is a struggle. I always like to get at least one cheese slider.  I can vouch for the Polish and Fire dogs. They come wrapped with fries so you really dont have to order any. I've had the Italian Beef.  The bbq beef I always like the mix of people that go to this place. Feels like the burger joint in the town I grew up in. Last time there was a teenage couple on a date  because no place in metro Phoenix that I know of has hot dogs and Italian beef sandwiches (with red sauce if you want it) as close to real Chicago taste as here. So good. Great fries  a hotdog and fries and enjoyed every bite! I got a hamburger and onion rings and was very satisfied! I also really like their root beer shake. Blended perfectly! 4 stars all the way! :)" AWESOME banana shake!" Can't get enough of this place!  My faves are the single cheese sliders and the frito pie.  The zuccini is also very good.  These little hole in the wall joints are always the best.  Don't judge a book by it's cover!! The sliders have to be the best thing they offer.  The veggie burger was dry and a bit yucky.  The cheese fries are so gross they are GOOD "Terrific sliders! Great Italian beef... way better than Lukes Italian beef.  This is a little hole in the wall that has been there forever.  It's one of those gems that all the people in the local neighborhood know about! The Italian beef was out of this world.  Juicy  that is my biggest complaint.  The staff is super nice and will even give out free re-fills.  You can't beat that.  I'm excited to head back to try the rest of the menu including their full sized hamburgers and their chili cheese fries.  Might have to wait until next month  minus the mustard. SO great!!!"  but I've had much better.  Would not go again since I think there are better places out here." "This is the best place to go for sliders! I haven't had anything I didn't like there. Older building but full of character  which does suck. But the only reason is because it's soooo good.  Even on weekdays during dinner time.  DO NOT go during lunch hour without phoning in your order "reminds me of back home in Chicago. Love the atmosphere They need a bigger parking lot." Greatest thing about Chicago Hamburger is that it is always good food in your typical small place." Chicago Hamburger Co. has done for the Windy City what others like Ted's Hot Dogs and even Long Wongs have done for Buffalo: brought a bit of their local flavor to Phoenix. With this and the hard working staff to their credit If I was including the years of positive experiences I have had with my family at  this location I would add another star." The only problem ......... their way to busy." iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug  comfort food at its best.  The fries are great Pretty decent place with good food. I had 3 sliders with the all the basic toppings (onions/pickles) and fries "Chicago dog was awesome! Everything else not so good. Chili cheese fries sucked Amazing place to eat. A hole in the wall that makes you feel at home. A hidden gem in Phoenix for those who love East coast yummies like sliders and hot dogs! I've heard people rave about this place but like I told my wife...if I was nearby This place is A-Ok...hence the 3 stars.  Not my favorite but not something to avoid either.  The sliders were tasty when ordered with everything on it.  They were larger then I expected.  The chili dog was decent.  The chili was a bit sweeter then I would have liked.  The fries were also decent.  One of the let downs- no Chicago dog...that's right no Chicago dog on the menu of a Chicago hamburger joint with floor to ceiling Chicago memorabilia.  They had a whole list of other hot dogs so it was bit of a let down.  The place felt a little dusty but I think they meant for it to feel like an old diner.  The customer service was excellent and I think I would be open to trying a few other items on the menu.  I would return just not too often. The place is small and can get busy during lunch but it also has a very comfy home feeling." I am from Chicago and I feel places should be care full about trying to title there places with anything CHICAGO in AZ. Those are mighty big shoes to fill! With that said this place is totally over rated...I mean We got a hot dog served as a sandwich....NOT IN CHICAGO!!! For this I will stick to what the Valley is  known for and go to In and Out or Lenny's!!! Quit it!!!!!!! I hope to try more things here and find something I like more than their hamburgers."  and the shake was amazing. A bit out of the way for me now but I would stop by if I was in the area." The food and the staff are all #1!! LOVE this place! Thank you CHC for all the LOVE you put in every order! Having a day where you need a pick me up!! Go to Chicago Hamburger Company located at 3749 E Indian School rd. Enjoy all the love in the food and from the staff. You will walk out with a bigO grin and a VERY VERY happy belly!! Having a good day stop by make it a GREAT day!! I LOVE CHC!!! I don't think I'll have to twist that hard though!  ;)" Best sliders in Phoenix so 5 stars cause its as good as it gets. Overall pretty good.  Would eat there again Great little place at a reasonable price." We will most defiinitely return." "I live right down the street and this is one of the best places to swing by (off hours are the best because it's not as busy) and just pick up a bag of sliders to chow down on.  Hadn't heard about the ""Philly style"" cheesesteak; I'm going to have to try that out soon!" Great TURKEY BURGERS: The BF loved the hamburger bun (he's a stickler about that) Fries are ehhh. Can't wait to go back and try other turkey sandwiches.  and the sliders. They also have some of the BEST milkshakes. The ppl are always friendly here. I have been going to this restaurant for years and have never been disappointed."  but this place didn't live up to the expectations.  I ordered a Cheddar Burger and a Vienna Hot Dog.  The burger was awful; it had no flavor whatsoever.  In-N-Out blows this place out of the water "This is a great place to swing by and eat or get to go.  We have been getting the sliders (Double Meat + Cheese = Delicious) mostly.  The fried zucchini is ridiculously good.  Overall The sliders are great! I easily ate 9 of them! Definitely stop in for a burger fix" 1/3 cheddar burger with all toppings.  You wish more places and owner/operators existed like this. You wont be disappointed!!!" "Skip the full-sized burger and order sliders; my fiance was eyeing mine jealously. Added crispy-not-oily onion rings  when I'm not in the mood for a burger their Chicago dogs are awesome (fully loaded w/all the fixings). Their french fries are my favorite  & atmosphere good like Chicago.  Had onion rings which had too much batter and not enough onion A nice treat for under $10.00." Good Sliders and Chili Cheese Fries  by the way and in the future I need to be careful when I have a pre -existing digestive bug." iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug  the condiments table is super dirty Service is good and the environment and decor can't be beat!  All Chicago Lived in Phoenix all my life and just recently came here to eat.  Absolutely delicious.  I got a cheeseburger with everything on it except pickles; the beef was a little pink and the burger was messy...in other words really tasty! "This place is amazing. cheap but great food and really nice staff.  the place has a great atmosphere with old Chicago stuff.  Their hot dogs are great. I personally love the chili dog.  The sliders are great too and  the french fries are the type that are amazing when warm but are still amazing when there cold.  You can also get authentic cheese fries  what else do u want me to say?  I didn't try sliders but will do next time.  Chicagoans can breathe easier when in PHX." "Ehhh... Kind of expensive for what you get. Burgers are soggy and the fries taste like they are cooked in old oil. Place is kind of dirty and parking is a nightmare.  Nothing special here "Food just OK.  Health inspection was a ""B"".  Doesn't look clean.  Makes you wonder!" I frequent this place often. It's a Dive and I love it. The owner is this older hippie guy that is super friendly and down to earth. A must to try is a great peanut butter shake.  I love it. Awesome!! Every time I am in town I stop here. Same ownership for years. Great service and reasonably priced. I had the sliders and a Chicago dog. It was awesome as always!! Don't miss this place when your in the area.  and I bought one of their t-shirts!" I love this place. The chili fries are AMAZING! The best peanut butter shake I've ever had. Get it and you will not be disappointed. The ambiance just makes the food so much better." I'd reccomend this place if you're ever in the area." great great food and service The garlic fries were ok but I had some of the chili cheese fries my friend ordered and those were better. The portions were very large and they had game 7 of the Chicago Bulls vs Brooklyn Nets game on... Perfect. I was trying to rush home to catch the game but now I was able to enjoy this good Chicago style food while watching the Bulls beat the Nets."  the customer service was horrible! I called in an order and asked for it to be split into three. When I arrived to pay the man at the register basically scolded me telling me he wasn't going to make other people wait in line while he split my order. The person on the phone did not tell me this was a policy. I won't be back. He was rude and it was completely uncalled for. Maybe the person taking phone orders needs some training!" "My exec recommended this place to me and man was he right! Best burger I've had in a long time. Counter service which is still super friendly and while I had to wait a while for my meal  Have been coming here since I was a child. I'm 28 now. Still come here." I would definitely go back and try their other daily specials whenever I'm going to be in the neighborhood the next time.  Good food  fries were about 1 minute under-cooked and you could tell if it had cooked that one extra minute they would have been awesome.   We called ahead to pick up and they were very fast and friendly.  I'm a fan."  they are ridiculously cheap. My fiance and I will go and barely go over $10 for the both of us. I definitely recommend going. If you are a native Chicagoan This place is a Dive that is a best kept secret. The owner is a down to earth hippie kind of guy. He's always accommodating and friendly. :-) We frequent this place often and have always enjoyed the food."  and best got dogs! Another favorite-the grilled chicken salad. Deeeelish! Chocolate and pb shakes are great too!"  I think they should open on Sundays. Its not like they're open till late at night on weekdays."  the staff was really nice and they had a fun pinball machine we played while waiting. The space is completely covered in Chicago memorabilia which helped break the ice into interesting conversation. The food was alright in my opinion. I had very high expectations which might have clouded my judgement. The sliders had tiny patties I get the veggie burger and my gosh it is DELISH!! We also get the garlic fries and zucchini as sides. However the fried tend to be greasy Great sliders! Went here for lunch yesterday with a friend of mine and we used a Groupon. It's not the first time I've been as whenever I'm craving a slider this is where I head to. I love their cheese sliders and french fries. Yesterday I tried a new menu item - garlic fries. They were okay but I don't think I would get them again. If you are into Chicago's sports teams then you would love this place. All the walls are covered with Chicago sports team memorabilia. You do have to get here early as the place fills up quickly but they do get the orders out fast. They have great prices and it's a good value for lunch. 500 toward the fight of this metabolic disorder. You not only have a great place for fantastic eats but you have a wonderful heart. Thanks again  I'd try to eat here once a week for a daily special that I liked." "I went there on a Monday and had the special which was a Chicago style hotdog and fries. I also ordered a slider with cheese. The hotdog was a Vienna Beef hotdog trimmed with the things that make a Chicago dog  obviously. The food wasn't that great :/ heard good reviews about the place and just wasn't ""wowed"". I ordered the sliders which the lady at the counter recommended as a favorite. She also told me to order more than one since there was just a 1 ounce hamburger patty on each. Didn't taste any better than McDonald's   I don't know ANYONE who doesn't at least like it...and most of us love it!" "They close at 8 but will serve the person in front of you if they know them and the doors are unlocked at 8:30. Oh Think I'll head over right now!!" ToYd5W6xK7e17geh__luUw I only wish they were open past 8 PM to satisfy late-night cravings!  :-)"  and sliders. Bratwurst on Wednesdays and Saturdays (which is my favorite). A couple of TV's with sports on. The French fries are great always super fresh and crispy  I would only return for the $4.85 Hot Dog which comes with French Fries." Amazing for what it is...sliders and the banana shake can't be beat...best shake in arizona. Spend the extra 60 cents for the banana upgrade.  try the fire dogs. The only reason I have this 4 stars and not 5 is  which I happened to bring a few visits ago. Their seating inside is pretty comfortable as well. The tables aren't crowding each other and the memorabilia all over the walls is interesting to look at."  the owner is one of the nicest people and treats all of his customers like family even if it is their first time there." "Simply the best! I have been eating here since I was a kid and still love it to this day.  The sliders are my go-to choice but the wings and full size hamburgers are delicious also.  Bob and the staff are great and everyone is treated the same Maybe the best Chicago-style hot dog in the city.  Hot thick fries.  The banana milkshake is a winner.  Friendly counter staff and fast service.  Fun old Chicago sports and Blues decor. Parking can be difficult at lunch. Anytime I am in the area I am coming back. Do yourself a solid and get down here." Damn good sliders and polish.  Says it was given best fries award but I didn't see anything great about them.  My only gripe would be that I didn't get any peppers on my polish but I didn't know I had to ask for them.  Id definitely go back and explore the menu it was tasty. What a great greasy spoon.  If sliders are what you are craving this place will satisfy your cravings.  Chili cheese fries were really good too.  I would have given it five stars but service was a tad bit slow.  Really good food and overall staff friendliness  chi town environment. Classic stop on this side of town." "I can't believe I've never posted a review on the Chicago hamburger co. It must be true....we DO have a tendency to take the best things in life for granted. 1st timer? Can't go wrong with sliders and fries. Pretty sure there are magic unicorn chefs steam cooking the juiciest most flavorful sliders you've ever experienced in the kitchen. The owner is always working the counter (cool dude in the bandana) Went here for lunch 2 dogs Chicago style and cheese fry great food!!! These guys treat you great. Food was fast good loves my experience here.  wife had not been back n 10 years. First stop of the plane is to head here and order a 'Beef' and Chicago Dog. Hands Down the best outside of Chicago. Have seen some people complain about the prices but hey "Seriously the BEST veggie burgers in town (IMO)!  I've been craving one for about 2 weeks now  blindfold me and I would swear they were White Castles. I love all the memorabilia...well except for the White Sox stuff.  All kidding aside It takes every ounce of restraint not to stop here when I drive past This place is capital A Authetic. I guess you could call it the cats meow. The second you walk in from your buisy work day you feel welcomed by the aroma of burger. The owner Bob is a great guy just ask him for the catch of the day. Always blows me away just like the windy city. Gotta love this place! Great Sliders but my favorite is the Italian Beef. I had two cheese burgers sliders and a super-thick vanilla shake.  We split some fries.  It may have been my favorite meal in Arizona!  The quality of it all was fantastic.  We stayed until closing (it's only open until 8pm  sweet and hot peppers are a must and the fires are always constantly crispy.(usually order mine extra crispy) Longer wait but totally worth it. Good food The best sliders in az! Hands down and fire dog chicago style mhmm ... a must have arizona eatery ! "Great place. The sports decor on the wall really sets a fun atmosphere. I had the firedog with the amazing neon green relish and it was awesome. Also tried the special of the day which was sloppy joes One word...SLIDERS!!!!!!! Absolutely the best. You can't just have one! It's a great addition to the Arcadia neighborhood!"  great ambience and excellent food. 2/3 lb burger and Cheese fries are great!" Love their sliders! Everything is good here. Recommended. Perfect place to come to for burgers and dogs! Especially if you're from Chicago and miss White Castle ;) they definitely makeup for it with their excellent sliders I also had their thick shake on my second trip here. I tried the chocolate peanut butter banana milkshake. It was creamy  very small parking lot. The place is also a bit small & run down. But don't let that stop you from enjoying the best sliders in town! I drive in from Goodyear to eat here  makes a fun atmosphere to eat a classic meal. Makes you feel like you're at the ballpark or the stadium. I'll never stop coming back. Sliders and milkshakes...enough said."  and there are now codes that dictate how high to mount a urinal and soap dispensers...just sayin'." I love his place great food customer service is excellent. I showed up an hour after ordering food and he remade it for me! Awesome place! Closest you get to the real Chicago thing! The place is wallpapered in Chicago paraphernalia Great spot for authentic Chicago sliders in Phoenix. I have been coming here for many years but have not been here in a long time. Same great quality food fast friendly service. If you're missing Chicago style food you have to hit this place up They even have a Rahm Emanuel for Mayor poster."  hot dogs.  the owner and staff are great." Fries and milkshakes are great too." Great burgers at a great price not much else to say just come in if you can get a parking spot. Great sliders and awesome for any native of Chicago.  I take consultants there and they love it.  Peanut butter shakes are the best. Great Chicago dog and awesome sliders for a decent price. Love the Chicago memorabilia decor all around the place. Love everything about this place! Awesome sliders/burgers! Most of all they really have authentic Vienna beef! A great place to have lunch. "Don't go for the sliders! Drove 25 miles to try the sliders and was terribly disappointed. First off They do get pretty busy but they are still always fast. I really can't say enough good things about this place." Fantastic fast service - good food and service - good quick bite for lunch had a 2/3 burger the first visit - wonderful and the Italian beef - good (little heavy on the peppers) Went here on my birthday for lunch the other day. There is nothing fancy I can say here at all except just REAL GOOD FOOD! I will be back when i feel like eating bad for you food. one of my coworkers said to go eat at chicago hamburger company so I figured I'd try it when we arrived at the restaurant the menu was poor quality you couldn't tell what was on each burger any other side items. I figured and I'll see what the food is like. so I ordered a Philly cheese steak cheese fries and a soda and the best part of the meal was the soda. Can to around $13 for a Philly cheesesteak in order a cheese fries and the soda the Philly cheese steak was bland at best and the fries didn't even taste like they had cheese on them if it weren't for the yellow stuff that looks like it was liquid over the top I wouldn't have suspected that they were cheese fries because they also had no flavor. I will never eat here again and will never recommend this place to anyone.  the milkshake tasted great and you could tell they used real peanut butter in it. The fries were thick cut and not very greasy but lacked any real seasoning and that is with the additional cajun seasoning I added. The polish had a great bun and the dog itself was pretty decent. The relish looked so radioactively green that I'm not entirely sure what it was made of. The two small bits of tomato looked great Great place!  Excellent hot dogs and friendly staff.  Will visit again.  Want to try the beef sandwich next. Whatever happened to California Coolers and the original Bartles & James?" iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug  1 cheese and 1 double cheese slider with everything. About 4 minute wait time and my 3 paper wrapped bundles arrived. I unwrapped them and all were squashed by the wrapping process but they looked similar to what I have been craving. After my first bite the disappointment began to hit me. The flattened buns were huge compared to the thin piece of beef steamed on re-hydrated onion flakes "Came here for the 1st time my husband been from Chicago   I will go back. My overall experience was a great one Amazing food and service! Bobs bad ass burger is a must! The ambiance makes you wanna visit Chicago! Sloppy joes are amazing too. Great spot and Bob is personal and very kind  I do like that they put actual beans in their chili (as a Texas boy I grew up having it that way) but overall lacked flavor. The cheese is cheese sauce but was a little bland for my taste. Some of the fries were slightly undercooked but the order came out hot. Not sure what happened there. On to the sliders. As most reviewers of the sliders (I assume) I am basing my experience with White Castle Living in Arizona but living in Chicago many years of my life. I would say this place is pretty close to the amazement of Chicago's food. The Sliders were amazing juicy and fresh. I even broke my vegetarian diet or it!  and not ""The Chicago Style Hotdog Company"" for a reason... Maybe one day I'll go try a burger - but not another hot dog." Burgers themselves were 3/5. Add in the the old school ambiance and friendly service and its bumped up to 4/5" Great food and reasonably priced. Had the Windy City sliders and a chili cheese dog. Comes with more fries than you could ever eat and the milkshakes are pretty dang good. Worth the drive for my family An awesome atmosphere with food just as good. Highly recommend the cheesy fries. Owner is very interactive with customers. Very good place to eat. 1twxJQ1UUzA765OS_4r0Ow  this is your place! Don't expect anything fancy or healthy but expect your tastebuds to dance once you take a bite! My boyfriend and I stopped in here on Monday to grab some sliders for an afternoon snack (I know I stop in for lunch at least once every couple of weeks  great ownership; have been coming here for years and never had a bad experience." At CHC the sliders are the stars of the show. Get several and be a happy camper. Also don't miss their shakes and fried zucchini." I have also had the cheddar Burger here and that is fantastic. Real cheddar like back home. Ask for that on the side with your fries. Really good stuff."  as these are microwaved as well. Definitely not fresh beef grilled in minced onions fresh off the grill like a slider should be. If you lived in Michigan and were lucky enough to ever had Bates or Brays ... this is not even close. I wish AZ had a place like Bates. I can't find one. And White Castle burgers are not real sliders; I don't know why anyone would want to replicate that." "I spend a lot of time trying as many burger joints as possible and I'm hard to please. I've been eyeing this place for weeks and I'm so glad I finally tried them out. I got the sliders and fries  simple food. nothing too special but good when your crazing a simple burger and fries" "If you haven't tried Chicago Hamburger Co. and you like juicy burgers you need to try this place! Burgers are juicy and thick. It always smells delicious when you walk in. I ordered the western burger and it was amazing!! Also ordered the chili cheese fries which were freshly cooked. Check out this place The salad with chicken is amazing and so much food everything is home made the dressings and the hummus."  this is the ""hole in the wall"" type place you are looking for. Not the best burger I've had but pretty good. Not the fastest service" "I'm rating the turkey burger. First off I think their price of $5.10 is definitely worth the 1/3 lb of turkey burger you get. Every time I receive my order I forget how large this is. I almost have to save some for later. I've also had their garlic fries. They warn you that they are a little on the heavy side and I appreciate that but personally I prefer the onion rings if I do decide on adding a side to my burger. I've had their shakes which are extremely good but one of my favorite aspects of this place is the service and personality. I love feeling welcomed every time I go. Today I ordered my lunch by phone and when I arrived to pick it up with no wait they had my order ready and the cashier happily announced that "" Yay If you're ever in the area and in the mood for a great burger  and great atmosphere. The owner is very friendly. A Phoenix icon that has been around for many many years. Worth a visit. My husband and I had cheese sliders and french fries. Give this place a try." I came on a Thursday when they sell sloppy joes so of course I had to try them. They were a good mix of sweet and savory and were definitely very sloppy. The fries were your typical thick cut fries. The best part about this place though is the atmosphere. Chicago paraphernalia is everywhere and the guys in the back are really friendly. "I'm waiting for my dogs now.... This place does it right. Feel like I am back home on the North side... Vienna hot dogs I have yet to try other menu items besides the sliders and hot dogs because I always just want a hot dog when I go there but one day I will branch out. Their prices are incredibly reasonable and their staff is always friendly. The parking can get hectic when it's a busy time so be prepared for that. Now...can someone bring me a hot dog?!" iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug  and I more or less enjoyed the simple ambiance as I sat there watching people cycle through." Excellent service and excellent food. This is a must stop for any lunchtime visit. I personally think the coleslaw is outstanding. This place gets quite busy but they are FAST! A must try while in the area." I was excited to try out this place but it is just not good. Decor is tiresome and food is tasteless. Pretty affordable and service is alright but still not worthwhile to give another shot. My dad brought me here as a kid and I continue to come til this day. I normally stick to the sliders with no onions no mustard and a side of cheese fries. On occasion I'll venture over to the fried zucchini and the hot dogs. It's all good! The inside makes me feel like I'm filming a scene in a Ferris Bueller movie.  it said ""sloppy joe's"".  I really get turned off when bad grammar or spelling are used on a menu.  I had a big urge to erase the apostrophe on that whiteboard ;)  The staff were friendly and my burger was done within 10 minutes.  The burger was good.  I'll stop by again when I'm out that way." The Chicago Hamburger Co. is always on my list when in AZ and I am from Chicago.  The food is simply fantastic and quite frankly better than many places I can hit at home.  Bob/owner is right in the heat of the kitchen to ensure things are done right and the customers are enjoying themselves.  Top notch! "The best sliders in the valley! They make everything fresh and hot there! I got there like every week for lunch! The owner and staff are very friendly  but the cheeseburger my husband had was the smallest I've ever seen. It did not come anywhere close to the edges of the bun and was abnormally small. We double checked the receipt to see if they misunderstood and gave him a kid's burger. But no he even opted for lots of toppings no to bad of a hole in the wall the burger reminded me of fat burger with the relish on it the bun was average the sauce was tasty the price is cheaper than most that put it to 4 stars the banana shake is OK a best vanilla ice-cream with pieces of banana the device is grate for a counter if you are my n the area worth the drive bye "The Italian beef brought me back to memories of sweet home Chicago. And the shakes are ah-mazing! I loved all the Chicago memorabilia  there'll never need to be a White Castle in Phoenix.  The sliders are comparable to White Castle's.  But here's where Chicago Hamburger Co. has the edge: more meat & less soggy.  If it's 4:25 ;-) "I had high expectations because I'm born in Illinois and KNOW how Chicago gets down in the culinary arena.  This little place did not disappoint! My boss (from Chicago) offered to pick up carry out for us.  I ordered the cheese sliders "I've now eaten here twice and I have to say I'm embarrassed that they call this a ""Chicago"" restaraunt being also from Chicago. Both times the fries were under-cooked and the hot dog buns were stale. Staff was not friendly. I'm also surprised these are Vienna dogs...very small.  First time I ordered cheese fries and got cold but good Merkts cheese....second time I got nasty watery cheese sauce. Last time for me to visit..I'll head back to Portillos." Been here dozens of times. Never had a bad experience. Owner is always there with a smile and food is solid. Earned another loyal customer. iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug When I need a Chicago fix for a slider or a dog this is my go to. Check it out and let me know if you don't agree. Love Bobby and his energy to keep a great place humming every time go. Excellent food and service. Fun simple vibe. Ive been there Hundreds of Times And Its Always Fantastic! guess I Should Bring my Grandkids cause its never too early to start a Family Tradition"  this is your spot.  You could honestly spend all day here and still find something new to look at.  The owner obviously misses his hometown but he found a way to bring it to Phoenix and he does it with a smile.  We tried both the Chicago sliders and the Chicago dog.  The sliders were okay but probably nothing I'd order again.  They come in the White Castle style and I'm sure those who grew up eating that get a sense of nostalgia with them  last weekend I wanted to try to eat healthier and ordered a side salad along with my sliders and halfway through I found a dead fly in my salad. Disgusting. It will be a while before we return here. Sad because the burgers were quite good  but I love it because people will only ring it literally AS they are running out the door." Although I'm a great fan of Arby's roast beef I have to honestly say that the apple crisp was one of the worst tasting things I have ever eaten at Arby's. "This is a great location for Arby's.  They have great roast beef sandwiches.  And I love putting about 3oz of the Arby's sauce on the sandwich.  I have not liked any of the special sandwiches.... Just stick with the roast beef and get the curly fries. This place has the hat sign out front I wish i knew someone who cared to make the food for people who spend there hard earned money on it right you suck Arbys and who ever your management is they suck too for not checking on the way food is served anymore" Walked into this arbys today and to start off they are super friendly they greet you and are all happy with positive attitudes! They offer ice cold water right in the front. Also was well organized and clean! I ordered a couple of things and they were all fresh. For sure coming back. "Went here last year on a road trip to Phoenix for a game at Chase field.  This place was awesome for a McDonalds/BK alternative.  Great shakes and fries  bedrock service.  Kudos to the mgr. Your guys and gals do a terrific job."  the tea was not fresh.  It was gross and I threw it away.  Shame on you for not keeping fresh tea on hand on a hot day!" This location is nice in the early mornings to get in and out. Be careful later in the day as the drive thru gets very congested due to the location." Exemplary customer at drive thru. Very friendly. Great food. "I love this location.  Everyone is really nice.  And the speed of the service is amazing.  You may be the 7th car in the drive-thru "Busy location. Clean and modern interior  and some times we have had an issue in other places where they help the drive through customers really fast and those that went inside have to wait longer... Does not seem to be an issue here." Y_dzA9OHRKa0X1cqcRmsaw  list location is pretty nice. They get you in and out pretty quickly and I've never had a problem with the food. It also feels cleaner than most fast food restaurants I've been to. Maybe because it's a fairly newer location. My son would give it five stars because he loves their happy meals. I like their grilled chicken wraps a lot and their coffee is also very good. When I'm craving iced tea you can't beat their $1 pricing. Overall I'm a fan! As good as fast food can get!" She was very helpful - Thank you!"  going in to eat was another story. Went in on Saturday around 2pm. The lady that took our order was not paying attention and was turned around talking in Spanish to what looked to be her manager the whole time. We held out our card for a while before she turned around to continue processing our order and really made us feel like we were bothering her. Everyone continued to goof around and speak only Spanish very loudly. I understand if there is no one inside but to continue to crack jokes/laugh in another language in front of guests is inappropriate. I will never go in to eat here again." "Service was fast.  The food was freshly prepared. I was happy with the cleanliness.  Monica "We politely asked the guy at the window to throw away our receipt It is difficult to get to the drive thru and the parking  lot was  congested. The line was short and the staff was friendly . However  we had to wait for their nuggets. There is only one spot to wait but there were three cars waiting. The person delivering was all confused.  He dropped off the meal then tried to take it out of my car . The fries were cold and hard.  it's not their fault.  Avoid this location unless you have the time to pull over and check the order once you get it and have the extra time to wait in line again so they can fix it.  There's a Sprouts right behind them in the same parking lot.  Go there - they have prepared sandwiches ready to go.  This McDonalds should be embarrasses at how often they get drive through orders wrong!  I'm done with them!"  I specifically remind the attendant to include the BBQ sauce that I ordered.  I trusted that their memory span was long enough to remember the BBQ sauce when the fries or nuggets were finished within the 2-3 minutes they asked me to wait  nothing feel worse than food poisoning. This is not just upset stomach The staff is always super friendly and fast. "The ONION RINGS we were served were SOUR!!! The MANAGER who took my order ""managed"" to Screw up my order. Then the carhop brought my change back covered in spit. Every time we go to this location they add something to our order! TERRIBLE LOCATION that should be SHUT DOWN." "Greatest American food I have ever had in my entire life. Burgers Super clean... Customer service is amazing... Would definitely recommend and will be back... Come here for lunch break with my classmates quite often never had a bad experience How does one mess up cheese fries?  They did it 3 times and thats not all they messed up.  I told them I would never eat at their place again which is a bummer due to it being close to me.  The manager was very nice but the cooks don't care and the manager keeps them employed. "I usually go to other drive thru places and came across sonic and gave them a try since it was my first time So today I bought a lemon berry slushie and there was a fly in it so it would have been great if i could have enjoyed what I paid money for but whatever throw a fly in there thats cool too. Waited in the drive thru for 7 minutes for 1 order of tater tots. If I had not been starving after working 9 hours I would have left and gone to Wendy's across the street. Never again thanks. We ordered 2 number 7 meals. The foot long chili cheese hot dogs 2 large cheese tots and 2 44 oz drinks. To start off with the hot dogs were rubbery and the chili has that metal can taste that is nasty. They were a good chilie dogs back in the day now even my wiener dogs balked at the smell.When you open a large cheese tots you expect more than a small tot with a slice of cheese for both orders. Massive rip off. One of the drinks were wrong thankfully we caught that before leaving. Wish we had seen it all and not wasted $18. "Wasn't expecting much because of bad reviews. They have a new manager and she is fantastic! The old one was rude and took forever for your food. We pulled up and not a minute later  not the food but their hot dogs aren't bad. The cranberry limeaid however is fantastic and a cool treat on a hot day. The frozen lemonade is great in the summer and their shakes are yummy. Stop by from 2 to 4 for happy hour to get half priced drinks." Once again the drink machines are broken do much for the 1000s of different drinks you can get. Don't come here 50/50 anything works. Stopped for breakfast while my wife was in the hospital. Worst breakfast burrito and coffee I've ever had. Threw it in the trash and left. Horrible. "Just left there with our drinks and they were amazing! I even tried the new wildberry lavender shake and it's pretty good. Most importantly our server was amazing I think I am over fast food."  the potato was BIG and the lettuce/tomato on the burgers were fresh! The bacon was also delightfully crispy ( a rarity in a burger u don't make yourself)." They are rude every single time. There's a BK and a McDonalds down the street.  Save yourself the headache... and time of having to walk back in after they screwed up your drive thru order.  in fact it was the worse service I've ever had anywhere. If you are the owners of this location please do something about your poor attitudes of your employees and your management staff. Attitude is everything and it starts at the top." Thank you to Lindsey and her team for making my first Yelp event an awesome one!" only yelping this because its a check in and i hate seeing things i need to review when i sign on." "I had not been to Wendy's in.....forever. Went last week and tried their 1/2 Baja salad. It was really good. Then went again a few days ago and had the same thing and a potatoe. I like that they have the soda machines where you can get any flavor. They even have diet caffeine free vanilla coke and diet caffeine free cherry coke. The yhave remodeled several locations and it really doesn't flow well. Everything is all backed up  but the food wasn't good. Tasted like it had been sitting for awhile."  but when I ran out of crackers... I went back and asked for more... you would've thought I was asking for their firstborn child..." Got to say the food is awesome the service is great and it looks really modern with a bunch of TVs and contemporary design.. There is a McDonald's and Burger King across the street!  Stay away from this place and go there!"  seems like they are not using the tongs and are using the gloves in which the employees have hand Sanitizer on ..Wont be going there anytime soon and the food is always soggy and fries are cold and old. They also almost always ""forget"" the sauce to the nuggets..." The people who work there cannot tell a chicken sandwich from a burger. this place will mess up your order every time. Avoid this Wendy's location whenever possible I wish I could leave zero stars. I went through the drive thru and the line was long but went quick."  and a tea. When I went to eat the crispy chicken sandwich it tasted hard and not fresh. Like it had been sitting out for a long time.  Selling old food is not good for business. Hopefully this won't happen again." (See http://www.yelp.com/biz/mcdonalds-restaurants-phoenix-44#hrid:jpfxQUBZMuBoIIFn-MWp7g)" I guess convenience come with a price "went back there today and asked for two simple burgers with nothing but ketchup and cheese I really like the remodeling going on Was there Friday morning around 9am- rudest young guy working the order window and took our payment. That guy has no business in the customer service industry. A customer no more!!!"  and refused to correct it. These are the type of jerks who want to raise minimum wage to $15. Your lucky you even make minimum wage." Avoid the night shift time..." Cashier was disgusting and unsanitary. Picking at her nail's.  Leaning against the cash register like she was to stoned to keep her head up and press a button. Will never come here again with workers like that. And they want 15 an hour. What a joke But all in all it just didn't do it for me. I think a contributing factor is that I have a couple of lady friends who worked there that all resoundingly agreed that the management were skeezy douchebags. I guess it just made it hard to respect after that. Besides The only thing I ever get here is the Cheese steak with mushrooms and peppers.  It is the best in town.  The ambience is 70's basement but that's OK...  Parking can be a challenge at lunch Not a bad place ... just ""there""." A great casual place to chow and watch a game." They don't let me drive anymore but once in a while I want to jump in a cab and order one for old time's sake with with an extra side of the hoagie dressing. And eat it over the course of six days. It's that good. And that big. The hoagies are cold. The grinders are hot. The ingredients are slightly different for each but good god is this place good. The fountain drinks taste like they are mixed with really gross water but I gladly put up with it because the sandwiches are soooooo good. I've never really ordered anything else and can't speak to the rest of their menu but if you want a really really really good sub try Uncle Sam's." Q5inB7Fliwx9KnYHaIc5nw Uncle Sam's we like your food but we're getting a little tired of making excuses for your shortcomings."  they always have sporting events on TV which is pretty cool. It's kind of a small dining area  sweet/hot peppers and ex cheese please) watching some sports at uncle sams. I really think this place maintains an elite status as my best hoagie ever. Statement. Do yourself a favor  really easy to please."  pizza. Good place to drink that is not a bar." Come. Enjoy. Watch Football. Play the Vintage Pacmen Game. Just don't let your cousins torture you for five years.. just call them a hooker from the get go. Trust me  if you want the best of the best "O So good!! I usually get the Philly Cheese Steak w/ mushrooms and extra cheese. It is excellent. The atmosphere is Americanized which I love since everything around Central Phoenix caters to the Hispanics first then Americans.  Like I said the food is great "Great selection of all American food. Grinders  but I'm partial to the 32nd and Shea store for some reason.  It just has that slightly dingy feel that makes the steaks taste that much better.  The waitresses in knee socks and cheer skirts don't suck either.  Only thing missing is a full bar." I can't wait to get back to Uncle Sams!" The only reason I gave it a four star and not a five is the salads are overpriced." I have been going here for at least 25 years!  This place is great!  The service is awesome and the food ALWAYS tastes great.  We have also been to the other locations and experience the same great service and food.  The original location has barely changed at all since I started going there.  Some people might think that is a negative but it brings me back to times past!    Its a must go!!! lf42gtgq_2_jPvjfp_K1nQ  all under $4 each! This may be the most awesome place in town for a weekend late night snack." If you're hungry there are many other places to eat that won't leave you as disappointed as this place." The food is inexpensive and is always hot and delicious.  The service is superbly provided by cute chicas in short mini skirts Staff was very friendly & very efficient. They move you in & out quickly.  It is a bit pricery than I expected BTW-- I think they have some good beer specials also.... BUT go for the pizza and enjoy.."  my favorite choice there is the calzone (which has cheese and spinach inside).  I like that I can get a mini calzone and take half of it home and eat it for lunch the next day.  Tip:  go early for best seating.  Large parties are difficult I will be back to Uncle Sams for another cheese steak and maybe give the pizza a try."  I still love their pizza and now love their amazing beer specials. As the financially responsible parent in the family "Some of the best (and most filling) cheesesteaks in Phoenix/Scottsdale. Reasonably priced Just be forewarned this place tends to get swarmed by high schoolers during the week."  not greasy. the service was fast and pleasant. i can't believe the quality of the food for the prices. food is fast and fresh! i can't wait to go back! its always busy around sporting time....so plan accordingly."  the outer crust is crunchy but not burned and the interior is filled with warm fillings of your choice ( I like spinich and pepperoni) and really good tomato sauce. The pizza Great pizza and wings!  Fast service with reasonable prices. Love the hot honey BBQ wings and the white pizza!can't beat the happy hour beer prices $1 pints domestic!!!love it  this place is for you! We keep going back!" This place would get a 5th star if it werent for how quiet this place can be which puts out a very uncomfortable vibe. I have been booted from this place twice during happy hour for being too loud and or cursing. They have a jukebox but nobody uses it and they usually dont play the audio from the TV's. When theres no music/tv audio on the place is a ghost town because everybody dining doesnt want to talk too loud to disrupt the silence."  the ranch was runny and it didn't even have any croutons on it. The prices were kind of high and the place was extremely dirty. Will never go back again."  but I remember the honey BBQ chicken wings and the garlic bread with such fondness.  They were sooooooooooo good Nobody can beat Uncle Sam's when it comes to bang for your buck. This is even more true during happy hour where the prices are insane and that runs from 5-7 & 7-9. Can get very crowded and is a bit old but it never bothered me and I think it adds character. Food is hot and the drinks are cold. "Never had a problem until tonight. Waited 40+ minutes for our waitess to take our food order. After years of patronage "Food is good but the service is brutal. Although I must say last time I was in it was good. But I've been coming here for years and the service for the most part is bad. The wings are really good Why not 5 stars?  Beer choice is limited if you like microbrews/ales  but they'd get one he'll of a night crowd if they kept it open til 12 or 1 at least." The food and great happy hour are sincerely the only things that keep us coming back again and again...although I wish it was an overall satisfaction." (A little trivia... this was originally a ""Pizza Inn"" restaurant that was built in the mid to early 70's around Phoenix.  There was one in my neighborhood at 7th Street and Thunderbird.  Good times eating there back in grade school!)"  eat a cheesesteak and some fried mushrooms your stomach will thank you. This place rules!" Good affordable American Food :)"  great specials.  In the top 3 as far as my vote for wings in the valley." The only down fall is that they don't play any music or TV audio so if you're in there when its not very busy you can hear every conversation in the place. A little awkward." Great steak sandwiches!   Consistently good food and large portions!  Been going here for YEARS!  Only problem is they serve Pepsi products :(  blah bar. Wish I liked it more The only reason that I don't give the Shea Uncle Sam's a 5 star rating is they only serve Pepsi products and I am a big Very friendly service!  You can't go wrong!" "Been coming here for 30 years and will continue to do so. For some reason that even the managers can not really explain  and hot peppers. Get the WHOLE. It is about 16"" of steak and cheese. If it wasn't so expensive I would rate it higher. If you like to pig out this is a great place to do it."  clean  & GREAT Philly cheese steak!" To6VfMpjPuiixoT4uq_mIg  bumping into each other. The pizza is very pricey if you order takeout. We were moving recently and wanted to order 3 pizzas for friends who were helping us and the bill was over $75. Granted  as a vegetarian that doesn't care much for pizza the choice was EXTREMELY limited.  I had a dinner salad and a cheese hoagie.  Would much rather eat somewhere else." "We frequent this place about 3-4 times a year.  I usually get either the cheese steak with peppers and mushrooms or one of the hoagies.  Had the cheese steak yesterday and it was pretty decent...could have used a bit more cheese though.  Lots of meat and veggies.  The roll was really good.  Overall "This place is good when I need a quick fix for Pizza  and don't give the customers what they want!! We should get the food cooked how we want it at the prices their selling it at! They need to have a serious management reconfiguration. This used to be my favorite place now it's at an all time low! These guys need to be on the Restaurant Stakeout so the owner can see how his business is being ran!" Ps. I left my sunglasses there a few weeks ago on a Saturday. They used my credit card receipt to get my name and labeled them with my name. I called the next day  Uncle Sam's is the epitome of ""out of the way"". But it's location belies its great food. For $15  a cockroach runs across our table. It had been in my husbands napkins. We showed the mgr. he said that they had been having problems but had sprayed. Don't think that I will go back. The pizza is good but apparently the old building has issues." Never the-less if  are looking for poor service and a lack of management; uncle sam's on 32'nd and Shea is the place to go." I wish this place was in L.A.  Every trip to Phoenix I come here.  The happy hour beer prices are mind boggling... $6 for a pitcher of Blue Moon?  Count me in!  Wings are A+ and pizza is B+ and prices are dirt cheap!  Oh and everyone is super friendly and the service is very good. Looooove this place.  This is the sort of down home awesomeness that I don't think even exists in Los Angeles. "They have a killer happy hour.  We usually get take out but dining in is good too.  I recommend the 4th of July pizza.  Good hot wings Can get a little noisy when really busy. Several TVs on the wall to watch sports. Try to get there early for lunch or at off peak hours and request to sit up front in a booth." I always get the regular cheese steak sandwich They usually have a good weekly special for $8 or so On another note the sandwiches are quite good although I can easily make a better Philly Cheesesteak at home. The pizza and wings are merely average. If you want far better wings go "I love Uncle Sams. It is right next to my boyfriends house so we go there all the time. They have the best wings and their pizza is great too! We also like to get their fried zucchini and mushrooms. Mmmm so tasty! Oh yeah and their beer is really cheap. If they didn't have all of those tv's with sports on my boyfriend might pay a little more attention to me. And I wish they served liquor. But oh well  or zuccini. But the fries satisfy me the most. Uncle Sams has the best cheese steak ive had lf42gtgq_2_jPvjfp_K1nQ  so next time I have to check it I guess!" 1st day for Cardinal football.  Thought this would be perfect. They raised beer prices by a quarter big deal. But the bad part is no sound for the cardinals game and they kept the juke box going.  We complained about it and they said to bad but the Dallas game that night we could listen to it.  Last year the girls could wear jerseys during football but not this year.  Thanks but no thanks Just had a cheese steak sandwich here and realize that they had NFL happy hour made me very happy and the cheese steak was awesome definitely a comeback to great wings and great atmospehere...recommend this place.  highly recommend the Philly cheese steak with extra cheese. Only problem is some days it's stacked "Tonight we are having 2 of Uncle Sam's best - the cheesesteak with mushrooms and extra cheese. The second sandwich is the All-American Grinder (lose the green  peppers and add a large amount of of jalapenos.)  all of this to go so we come watch a recordeding of the Tuesday night NCIS Los Angeles. Just could not get any better.  Hey we like eating at Uncle Sam just as much as the next person    a good thin crust za.  The wings are what we came here for me and my bud like to try wings at new places. Saw the reviews were in the area. So let's go.  The waitress was sweet and provided great service. She did bamboozle us a lil hence only 4 stars hehe.  We asked how the wings were.  She replied they are awesome.  So we ordered 25 hot.  She pauses then tells us that their hot is sometimes compared to other's suicide.  I love a good hot wing but not lookin for heartburn. Tellin us she loves hot stuff and can barely easy like 3 before it becomes too much.  So we order medium.  They were really good and she did bring us sides of the hot sauce to dip and try. It does have a bite.  I am lookin forward to my next visit and gettin the hot."  but their cheesesteaks are to die for. Only location we'll go to. Service is always great and they always seat us where we request. Awesome!" Long story short. If you have a party and want cheap cheapness... well then you've found... omg... an other cockroach just walked up on the bar! Are you absolutely kidding me!? Im seriously about to freak out and walk out. I don't care if I haven't paid. This is embarrassing!!! DO. NOT.  EAT. HERE!!!" the one thing i have to remember is i need to order a HALF since the whole is WAY too much food for me now :)"  5 minutes into eating their suicide wings (which are by far the hottest hot wings I have ever tasted) my husband is really in need of that water. Finally I see her come around but with no water  and the staff was nice. They have big booths which makes it comfortable to eat. Good happy hour prices too. I'll definitely be back."  this place is dirty (and by dirty that's a compliment) and dingy and is nothing impressive to look at. No Love the wings. Hot and crunchy.   both of our steaks were cold by the time they arrived and the chicken was raw.  We told the waitress and she said...oh I'm sorry but that was it.  I don't think the kitchen staff cares what they turn out because they are chasing the girls.  It's gone down hill lately and it's sad because I live in the neighborhood.  I won't go back." To then owner.  Take care of your legal issues and focus on the basics of SAMs." "If you're looking for a top of the line joint with amazing chef's quality food keep looking... but if you're looking for laid back easy going place with mediocre food and halfway decent looking broads with a few hard city miles to serve it too you then this is the spot. Now listen these ladies have no business as real servers and would never make it at a corporately onwed company restaurant but at a place like this where service is 2nd and food quality is 3rd they do ok. If you go to this location sit in Jackie's section. She is fairly dickable and comes off like you might have a shot. IDK if you really would but she lets you think you would probably for tips sake. I ate there yesterday 7/22 around lunch time. I had the 10"" pizza with onions ham bell peppers and sausage.  My lady friend had the 7"" pepperoni.  Both were pretty ""meh"". Next time I'll try the wings. I hear they are better..."  perfectly crispy with the right amount of sauce and they had a great flavor.  The pizza was delicious as well.  We polished off the whole thing and I'm justifying it by telling myself it was small so it's okay.  My only tiny little pet peeve (and this is going to make me sound like a diva...) is that the water tasted like unfiltered tap water.  I hate to bring that up but Arizona water does have it's own special ""flavor"" and it just wasn't great.  With the exception of that though I loved everything about this place and I will certainly be back soon."  sometimes its the worst.  Never usually anything in between.  I always order the same thing  no flavor .. Tasted like can and jar ingredients and was cold on the inside .. Asked her to re-heat it and still came back cold.. So we just had it boxed and I will put in the oven when we get home ! Staff seemed friendly   just good food in a casual setting." The service was good. Ill give them that. Their cheese steak sandwich was terrible. Meat and cheese and bread and a hint of sauce. Ive had a better chese steak sandwich arbys. The bread was great. The meat was over cooked and seemed like it was sitting under a heat lamp for hours. Barely any cheese and almost no sauce. Try somewhere else for a chese steak. Paid $8 for 9 inches of bleh.  fast and the waitresses looked like they could work anywhere. Not so much anymore." Been eating here since I was a kid apprx. 30 years. Undercooked wings have me being no further than 15 ft from a bathroom. Never again. My guess is that some better kitchen management is needed "Been going here for over 25 years.  Great pizza I will be back for more noms in the future." "After 25 years of delicious food and great service times have definitely changed.  The service is now awful.  Rude waitresses that make you wait forever.  Not to mention The food has severely gone downhill.  They even gave me a credit because my food was so burned Wonderful food at reasonable prices. Great service. Everything from the wings to pizza and even the sandwiches. "I have been eating at this Uncle Sam's for 20+ years. Today's lunch service was worst ever. I don't think the server had a chance with what the cooks weren't doing. Waitress was slow to get to our table and the drinks got there slowly. We waited for 25 minutes for food that was cold and over cooked. The onion rings were burned "Gave it another shot.  Ordered pick up.  Got home. They forgot my wings.  It's my fault  as defined in the rules by R9-2-102. The purpose of the 20 foot rule is to prevent smoke from entering into areas where smoking is prohibited." Sorry Uncle Sams your time has come and gone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" "Great food! But I would love to enjoy that food without the waitress in the corner doing nothing but ""trying to pickup a rich guy to support her daughter"" that's all I'm listening to right now. Its like a live soap opera "Both locations are a hit or miss but mostly a hit. When it is a hit  she had to inform us that she was a vegan and didn't touch meat...ever it was steaming and looked like a Uncle Sam's cheesesteak.  One bite told me otherwise.  The sandwich had absolutely no flavor  service was awful. Typicall teenager not interested in working. We asked for a manager and she came over and we told her about the food and she did take off the cheese steak but not the wings because I ate the 5 that were ok. I told her to look around this place Saturday at 7 o'clock and there are 15 people in here "Remember coming to this establishment when I was young. Pizza and wings are still as delicious as I can remember. We recently visited this location and the service was great. Nice waitresses and the ""Meat Lovers"" pizza is a must try if you love beef pepperoni ham & bacon! I might be leaving out other meats idk lol ! Great place to go as a family. Small place but the customer satisfaction is there!" I thought I'd try a stromboli which is rare to find here in AZ as an ex-east coaster.  I walked in and placed an order to go which is also probably a bad idea due to the fact that the person taking my order didn't listen.  An additional mistake is not checking my order and catching it before I left but I ended up with a calzone which has ricotta cheese which I hate.  I had two bites and threw it away.  The crust is tasteless and somehow the steak tasted so bland outside of that fresh roll.  May not be back for awhile." I have been here a few times in the past month.. horrible service..horrible food.....dirty place.. had hair in my mozzarella sticks...half the time my grinder is half hot half cold... quality of the wings are garbage.. place really went down hill when all the illegals left and they brought in dirty ass cooks.. "Worst food I've ever had. 32nd Shea has some wonderful restaurants. Do yourself a favor and stay away. Used to be good  I grew up in north Phoenix and went to uncle SAMs  as often as possible .. Even after all these years the food was great and service as well  "I have been a regular of this place since they opened. When they were at Shea and the 101 I was always there. Since that location closed I now have returned to this location. If you are looking for fancy then skip this place. It is very casual  I was born and raised in the area and have been eating here since I started eating solid food. It's not the greatest food but the wings are pretty good. When you order togo it's hit or miss. Sometimes your food is perfect best sandwiches in town. The service was friendly . The fries are amazing too.  I will definatly be back here !! Had honey hot bbq wings to start they where good . Italian grinder for the old lady and I had the pastrami and cheese . Both where delicious . Our waitress was on point . We will be back I was greeted by the hostess with a mouthful of food.  She couldn't even speak to me for about 30 seconds until she finished chewing and swallowed.  The other employees were literally playing with the garnish/condiments behind the counter.  Overpriced and below average food.  just seems like he's always in a pissy mood and always mean mugging people. maybe I'm too observant but I think when you go to a place to eat I go here kind of often and some of the girls there have horrible attitude and aren't very nice however there are a couple that are nice. They have messed up my order more times than I can count but when they don't mess up my order the food is very good "So after staying away for nearly a year due to the sad gradual decline of the place we decided to give it another shot.  I guess as a kid who grew up with their delicious pizza and cheesesteaks I just couldn't abandon them and stay away forever!  Have to say Of my life in the land of cheese steaks this place is very good.  Not philly just saying but every time I come to Phoenix I come here.  Good very good food."  this is my favorite local family restaurant.  Tonight I'm dining in with my family of 5.   Ordered the usual zucchini and mushroom basket and ask for a few extra ranch... I'm told they charge for any extra containers.  The containers are 3 oz.   are you telling me that's enough for my 5 family members to share?  The 80 they want to charge for each extra isn't the point Really like that mushroom cheese steak sandwich. generally liked the Stromboli" I would give it five stars except for the fact that when I asked if they had bleu cheese salad dressing they said no and the reason was because the owner hates bleu cheese. Order the white pizza. Thin crust with broccoli.   which ended up being the wrong choice. This visit was the worst dining5 experience ever at Uncle Sams.  Only 2 other tables when we came in.  Ordered our drinks than our meals. Drinks arrived first and I cruised through my first pint of beer.  I asked our server to change the TV closest to our table to the Diamondback game. We heard her go5 relay the message to someone.  Our food was delivered and was never asked if I wanted another beer or anything else to drink.  The TV still game bbeen get teen changed.  We see our server standing by the bar texting the entire time we are eating.  Never offered a refill on the water my girlfriend was drinking or another beer. At this point I saw two roaches while I was there are you kidding me"  it was dry and cold. Almost choked on every bite! I was too hungry and it was to late to go anywhere else or I would of... French fries came out cold and undercooked && DONT order the iced tea... I think it was brewed 3 months ago... Very sad because it's one of the few restaurants in my area that are open late."   after saying she didn't know how to get the order right because they got a new system (NOT MY PROBLEM!) doesn't give them an excuse to mess up my order! anyway we also ordered a ""caramel apple sundae"" the muchacha even repeated it back as ""caramel apple sundae"" then rang it up as a ""hot fudge sundae"" (not what i ordered!) then upon getting to the window they hand me a hot fudge sundae "Don't take your ""Gold Card"" here it""s not accepted per mgr. We bought the card for $20 to support the kids from a local high school and this McDs refused  it.  The card gives you a free cone with any purchase.  The cone probably costs mcds 5 cents to make.  All other mcds that i've been to accepts it." props the guy edward working night shift yesterday very kind and friendly they should hire more people like him very very polite It's too bad nobody reads a review about a fast food restaurant before going to eat there otherwise this McDonald's location probably wouldn't be doing very well or at least somebody important might see a drop in numbers due to bad reviews and actually do something about the horrible service everybody is getting check out the picture of the beetle that I found in my mom's chicken wrap that I posted pretty gross. If you like your food not cooked this is the place. Hash browns right out of the freezer still ice cold egg mc muffins all doughy. Come on MCYDS get it together. You also might want to run off all the illegals outside waiting for work. vWcUrFcweGXAWsil_pfpjw This Whataburger is like stepping onto the set of Cocoon. The average of the diners has to be over seventy.  but that is what they normally do. If you are in a hurry you shouldn't go to Whataburger. They start making your food when you order it I have eaten here several times. The burgers are always good. I went there last night around 9 PM. I order a double meat hamburger. I must say it was one of the best I have eaten in a while. The service was above and beyond what one would expect from a fast food restaurant. The workers were very friendly and offered to refill our drinks. "They make it the way you like it. This location has been solid for a few years. I don't come her often  not too bad though. Can't really say anything for the inside as I haven't been in there in many years." This is one of the friendliest stores Whataburger has.  It's not in the best neighborhood but the employees are outstanding.  Best onion rings. Staff super friendly. Best ever... hot...fresh...delicious... Staff was fantastic... Will definitely return soon  and open 24 HOURS!!!!!!" Give this place a try next time you're considering one of those BIG fast food joints for nasty breakfast! You won't be let down!"  actually.  Green chile burger and chicken strips with gravy both tasted good.  Very friendly service.  Recommended."  I saw the ingredient details online and BARF! Grilled chicken or not the numbers were pretty bad." vWcUrFcweGXAWsil_pfpjw Whataburger does not even come close to In & Out quality so don't be disappointed and because the comparison is not fair." lunch.  I come here all the time.  Always very clean and the customer service is outstanding!!  Much better than any other fast food place!" "Eating a whataburger. It's fantastic. Haven't had one in years. It's a perfect compliment to a football game that may be a blowout. My burger had no less that 8 pickles on it. I'm sick of this one pickle bullshit. The bacon could have been thicker  but this was the absolut best customer service and most polite fast food place I think I have ever been to. The food was good and the prices a little high. I'd go back."  I can't tell if it's because I'm so dabbed out or I'm just truly hungry and the onion rings are always alright with some ketchup My favorite fast food breakfast. Biscuits and gravy are better than any chain restaurant by far. 