 because it is probably one of the fanciest strip clubs in Charlotte.  You will have to pay quite a bit of money here to get entertained.  I came here for Amateur night  but I was just so skeeved out by the stickiness that I couldn't appreciate the rest of the environment. Also  upstairs. It was OK. Nothing to get a wet dream over. This is not the best stipclub in Charlotte. Personally The guy was a real champ! It made for an awesome show!"  from sexy stockings to tight pants.  I preferred the stockings.  It gave the place more of an old school gentleman's club feel."  I'm no strip club connoisseur but I've been to a few and when I say a few I mean like 3.  This one would have to fall right in the middle in terms of quality of the girls and the fact that the space inside is a bit too cramped.  I don't want to feel like I'm right on top of another.....dude!  Lol.  So would I come back?  Sure  and lay off the cocaine... I mean really!!!??? Who wants to spend money on a lard a**! So turned off by this club. They have way too good of a location for it to be wasted on ugly trailer park trash! Some chick tried to take me upstairs and charge me 45 dollars per song! She looked like ET with a mop on her head. And this other chick looking like a fat ugly betty tried to charge 25 for a regular table dance. I have no problem with big women either All said don't go here unless you're pretty wasted beforehand or you'll be paying a pretty big markup on those drinks! But if you're hungry don't be shy  so my husband and our friends brought me to see what it's all about.  I actually had a great time and was very impressed by some of the women on stage.  It was like Cirque du Soleil!  I want to learn to walk on the ceiling now.  Women are always free and the ladies were so sweet to me - got a couple cheek kisses *blush*.  I'm not going to be ordering a lap dance anytime soon poor service and no contact dance. ... Other clubs in charlotte are better ... Very disappointed ....."  pricy dances ... I am not recommending this shit to any one..." Worst strip club I've ever been to. Do NOT even think you could use coupons or think the manager will honor anything. Received a complementary free pass and was denied by the manager even though there was no restrictions. Worst service ever "This place is a craphole. My friends and I have gone for a 2 AM breakfast a couple of times (I know that seems weird but it's cheaper than eating at the diner that caters the breakfast!) and the people working there are absolute dicks. The girl at the front door acts like she's the hottest thing since sliced bread. The girls that walk around are bit*hes unless you're throwing wads of money out. I jokingly told one of the girls that my friend wanted a lap dance and within 5 minutes he came back really mad. He said she danced and he handed her $30 and she said ""NO! It's $60!""  That's crazy considering the girls don't even look very good! Maybe I'm biased because I'm not a strip club kind of guy but this place is a bad way to end a good night" FYI: No smoking in any bar or restaurant anywhere in North Carolina. If they have a drink special it has to last all day... no happy hours. Sorry but it's NC law." I noticed some people complaining about free passes not being honored. Always make sure to read the cards. You usually can't use them after a certain time or when special events are happening." THE BEST SHRIMP AND GRITS!!! $10 for the lunch buffet and there's a lot on the menu. A favorite is the shrimp and grits. Some of the best I've ever had. I'm not a regular in the strip club but I got card and I can go back for $5 next time! Who's meeting me for lunch?!!  nice layout and smoking hot girls. One of my biggest strip club pet peeves is ""busted"" girls and girls who don't even try to dance. You could tell that these girls clearly have to go through some kind of audition process to work there because all of the girls looked great and were talented dancers. My fiance and I went on Valentines Day with friends who are married. The four of us has a great time and definitely enjoyed the show we were given. Unlike many clubs I've been to  dress shoes when I go to a club .  Girls are attractive .  But avoid upstairs or prepare to open the floodgates of your wallet .  We'll be back for sure but guys and gals put some effort into dressing up for an evening out."  you could get those upstairs quality $30 dances for $10 downstairs from the way more ambitious girls they had back then. I was very disappointed last night. I came with a bunch of money This is almost always the last stop I go to after a night out on the town on a Saturday night! 2 am breakfast buffet is ideal after a night of bar hopping. I get a pretty awesome breakfast and a show. Last weekend I even got the pleasure of seeing a stripper fight. Those girls are wild! Worst place ever!!!  Went upstairs for a bottle then got my credit card run-up 3x the amount and my debit card run-up.  Avoid this place at all costs!!!  Bunch of thieves!!!!! Do yourself a favor and either throw yourself in front of oncoming traffic because you'll pay less at a hospital. I can go on and on but it looks like Action 9 and the District Attorney's office want to look seriously into this matter . This place is a skid mark on Charlotte's underwear. Well  and closes at 3 AM. It is always overcrowded with cheapos who go there for cheap breakfast. Also I went their on a friday night. It was a decent croud. After 10:45 all the drunks started pouring in lol i loved it. Me and two buddies went. It was a blast. Pearls really tried to rape me and i loved it. Going back again. Girls are down to earth and get their job done.  the girl at the front door is super sweet! She's only going to be a bitch if you're acting a fool... which I've seen and it's not pretty."  lots of drug-addict looking chicks and post baby bodies. Men's Club is way better. Definitely quantity over quality at Uptown As long as you want to have fun "I'd go here just for the Cheeseburger. Staff is friendly. Not a bunch of crackheads running around like some of the other clubs in Charlotte. Tons of girls. I think I counted like 50 of them!! Anyways Front door girls are bitches but the atmosphere is amazing!!! Great place to have a good time!!  I found myself rather disappointed. The girls have gone from beautiful and personable to average attractiveness and sometimes rude."  the woman at the counter once inside was consumed in conversation with another worker so we had to wait a few minutes for her to once again check ids to only tell us there was no cover. So from reading reviews I though the dress code for the men would've been strictly enforced but I still saw men with jeans This spot is well worth your time money well spent plenty of beautiful women better than some LA clubs 