 and Barb's can be a little weird get to with the strange traffic pattern but this really is a gem of Carnegie that you've gotta try!" Great little place. Treats you like a local.Eaten here 3 times a week for a month.  Same overtime. Barb is always here.  and the staff are friendly. My cousin and I wanted a place to eat and catch up and this was perfect place. I will go here more often."  you can get okay food here for a rather cheap price but it is not a great place to dine in by any means. There are better diners in the area that I will patronize in the future rather than Barb's."  and the coffee is the best! Try the barb wire omlette or the chocolate chip pancakes!"  so we stood there looking like fools for a minute. It took awhile for the waitress to acknowledge us and I'm guessing that this was Barb. She apologized and said that one of her workers called off today. No big deal and her apology was appreciated. She came back with our drinks "I love this place ! Barb is such an amazing person  "Never very busy. Food is great but sometimes takes a bit longer than other places  who remembered us the second time around and who was willing to help me experiment by making a manly cocktail with a raw egg shaken into it. I guess it helps that the other half of Billy's bar is Billy's restaurant  the prices are very reasonable.  With it's location not far from downtown but far enough away that you don't usually have to worry about a crowd  the lighting above the tables and the furniture. I have tried this place 5 times in the past 2 years and this is how it went. The 1st time I had a burger which tasted funny and I didn't finish it. I got food poisoning and was so sick. This I thought might have been a stomach flu so I did try this place again. The 2nd time I was with some friends from the neighborhood and 3 5 of us had the spaghetti and meatballs and we got food poisoning.Now I'm thinking that they have a hygiene problem with the ground meat. I was going to stay away from the place but a friend from Troy hill liked to stop there because it was close to her home. No problem I'll certainly be back to Billy's and I think you should go too I think a great way to sum up Billy's is the age-old adage  my update is that this place has been sold and new owners are going to give it a shot. I am excitedly awaiting a grand opening for the new place. My first hope is that they will steam clean the whole place to start. I will try it no matter what kind of place it is because I try to support local businesses." And so ends my 100th review." I don't see it changing its ways anytime soon as the business travel through the place keeps it pretty steady. Why change what's no broken is probably what they're thinking  I'd go back to this place in a heartbeat."  Fresh leafy greens and very good house dressing. My meal was enjoyable I got spicy beef dish and it came with potatoes. Dessert was very good. Overall  if you are in the area and looking for something other than fast food  I was pleasantly surprised by the efficiency of the service.  They were certainly mindful that many people that dine there have a limited amount of time.  We were swiftly served our salads soup (though the menu says that certain entrees come with a salad Fairly average Italian food other than the meatballs. Too many good Italian places in Pittsburgh to choose here. Interior could use an update. Beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks. With so many options around that area I won't pick this place for lunch."  followed by veal medallions.  just great!l"  and the attendant didn't have any change of course so we paid $20 to park in that garage. One of the selling points of that restaurant when friends told us about it was that they validate parking. Had I known that was going to happen http:  www.holyangelsnc.org cherubs menu.asp" The food was fresh and served at correct temperatures to ensure customers' satisfaction and for food safety reasons. Well seasoned and fresh food was a welcome relief as opposed what was found in Waikiki. So what makes for great dining experiences? Not sure I could give you a written definition  wonderful  people!  I had pancakes and sausage for my birthday breakfast and it tasted just like the pancake breakfasts my grandmother made me as a child!"  drop in for a bite. Not only will you have a good meal Very friendly staff. Food was great! Will return when we are back in Belmont for sure. Always a good meal at Cherubs.  Love that they have fresh bread to purchase also.  The wreaths that are made out of Ribbon are beautiful along with the candy bouquets.  It helps support Holy Angels so you can't go wrong qm6yyQUe8Ln29NzDfWqxVA The fried wonton ""tortilla"" chips and salsa were an excellent starter." I will return on any visit to Phoenix!!"  and especially the carnitas plate are all highly recommended. The Orange Beso margarita is so delicious and so big we always split one. The seafood pasta was acceptable We were out the door by 10:40pm."  and don't forget the white chocolate/pecan ""tamale"" they give you gratis.  It tasted just like a Jordan almond if you ask me "Margaritas were tasty but a little light on the booze.  Complementary chips and salsa were better than average.  Even though we didn't get any food the waiter still brought us a white chocolate with pecan mini tamale for desert at no charge.  Nice touch  as sometimes inside it can be terrible. The patio is also great in the evening when the place is lit up with christmas lights and you get the view of the beautiful water features and scuptures. Keep in mind the Arizona Center I would highly recommend this place." The final kicker of our bad happy hour experience was when we asked the bartender for a check and he tried to pressure us to order more even though we said several times that we were finished. I believe the exact line was Zero stars for the heat. My god  which was poured @ the table.  (The server left the remainder in the shaker for me to imbibe).  And my taco plate was around $10 too."  but it has a decent view of the Arizona Center's plaza." "I really enjoyed this place. I had some great grilled tuna with rice and veggies. It was cooked perfectly and the seasonings didn't overwhelm the tuna. Everyone else at the table got more traditional mexican dishes...tacos  ever eat here again. Did I mention they didn't give us silverware? We had to go steal it off another table."  the cherry on the frosting for me was the white chocolate pecan dessert thing they give you at the end. It's their version of the chocolate mints that they give you with the bill. Come here to eat The fish was amazing! Make sure you get extra salsa! The quesadilla was weird - not something we would get again."  yet a wall blocked the noise so you could hear our meeting conversation. A glass wall to the beautiful Arizona Center gardens kept you from feeling too closed in. The server did a good job of keeping everyone's drinks filled and timing our orders. She filled bowls of chips and salsa with a mix of blue and yellow corn and flour tortilla chips. The salsa was pretty good.We had the Salmon and a Sweet Potato Puree served with Spinach Salad. It was a wondeful tasty lunch. The chicken sandwich and an enchilada plate seemed popular as well. I think we will keep this our regular spot for our monthly meetings for the foreseeable future. So  nothing special. My favorite thing about this restaurant was the basket of chips they put on your table. They had everything from regular tortilla Decent spot. I'd come again for chips and margaritas."  yummy breadsticks with special butters and complimentary white chocolate for dessert. Now it's just average  they are definitely hard to stop eating and you will spoil your appetitie.  The fried shrimp tacos were fabulous.  I would have definitely ventured back if it wasn't for the lady bartender's bad attitude and poor customer service.  The manager  Angel was nice enough to give my co-workers and I gift cards for our next purchase there.  Not sure I would go back though."  but you can't really go wrong with anything there.  Happy Hour is also great - several good food and drink specials.  My favorite drinking place at the AZ Center by far!"  and excellent service. I recommend asking to be waited on by Johnny."  not great either. I personally prefer the Greek place next door :)" i would recommend if you're in the az shopping centre but i wouldn't go out of my way to eat there."  if you want to just sit down and get some Mexican and a few coronas without having to go back to the hotel and shower and get dressed up "Had a nice dinner outside on the patio - it was really pretty. The margaritas were pretty good. The salsa and chips were also pretty tasty - it was nice to have some variety- these were no simple white corn chips; there were blue corn and even sweet potato chips mixed in. My fish tacos were awesome The best part was the little mini White-Chocolate/Pecan tamale at the end. It was REALLLLLLY good and wanted about 10 more. Bill was pretty cheap and I really liked the atmosphere of the restaurant. Definitely going back." "I am a fan....of their happy hour! I had heard good things about Sam's and this was my first visit. I arrived just after 6 and sat at the bar. I ordered their Grand Canyon Margarita from their happy hour menu...mmmm sooo good! The mixed chips (sweet potato chips  but I would definitely visit again. Especially for hour happy."  she was really nice and very helpful.  Our meal was excellent starting with their chip bowl that had a variety of chips in it and good salsa.  The meal was also really good.  I got the seafood flautas.  I would've finished it had I not filled myself up on the chip bowl.  They also bring out complimentary white chocolate tamales that tasted really good!  If they do that for all their customers This was a great meal and reminded me not to forget about Sam's when I have to return to the Arizona Center."  but it's the truth and sometimes the truth hurts. I have to say they do have great margaritas and the best part was the complimentary white chocolate  they soothe away the pains of the day.  They have what I have now seen to be a rotating list of Happy Hour food options which are usually not bad and range from $2-$6. I usually fill up on chips and salsa. I have not changed my mind on the seasoning they use on the chips (sweet...spicy...meeh) I find myself picking through the basket to avoid the highly seasoned chips. The salsa is good but the large tomato chunks make it tough to get on a chip Waitress provided great service.  Gave us free guacamole. Outdoor seating is lovely Definitely would return here."  I will say I had given up on going out for dinner so I ate a couple slices of warmed over pizza. We finally went and as I was less than hungry skipped the steak I had been eying. We split a Meatloaf and switched the mashed potatoes out for the mashed sweet potatoes. The two split plates were more than enough food for a regular meal. I can't imagine eating a whole one and I am a hearty eater. We also each ordered a Rico Rita. Yummy and again large portions. The service was good too. I used to go to the Camelback location and the quality and service is the same here. We will be back." If I lived in the area and was able to visit again I could consider becoming a fan of this place.  Definitely check it out.  Another plus - they have a patio too!"  and try more food.  I think next time I'd like to try some tacos . . ." As allays the chips are great." The place hasn't really disappointed me except for this past week when we purchased two pitchers of the Grand Canyon margaritas and there was more juice than there was tequila.  :-  but other than that it's pretty good." I'd like to stop in after work some time for some margaritas."  even though we were the only ones sitting outside.  The complimenatry chips are terrific -- they are a mix of a bunch of different types  & salsa were great. Service excellent.  Also liked the complimentary chocolate tamale dessert."  and a decent one and I've been told they make a mad margarita. The white chocolate tamale adds a sprinkle of joy at the end of every meal. I can't wait for the cooler weather..." If your lookin' for a good "Went on a random trip to downtown Phoenix and decided to eat lunch at this place.  Be careful of the chips & salsa appetizer- they're bound to get you hooked before the actual meal comes out! I got the salmon flautas which had a fruit salsa topping.  It was greasy and not too flavorful  it was a good experience and I'm sure I'll be back next time business brings me to Phoenix."  this place got one star for their margaritas and one star for their chips. I may go back for drinks but will think twice Suggestion: seek out the ""Info-dude"" that walks around the Mall area to show people where to go and ask him for some coupons. We were able to get 20% off our meal coupons from him.  Based on their margaritas and a few other Yelp reviews I'm looking forward to my next visit but will order something different."  but if you were in the neighborhood during happy hour  I wasn't driving and the metro is a short walk.  I could have made a meal of the chips and dip.  They had some sort of special seasoning that I couldn't quite place  spicy salsa & bean dip! Hellava start! A kick-butt margarita! Had Chicken Fajitas!...THE BEST! Cannot wait to return! Great ambiance." e5kc0CQ4R-PCCDgb274gSg Enjoyed a great lunch on the patio overlooking a gorgeous scenery. Chicken enchiladas are a must! Yum! "Went here with a big group for dinner and drinks.  Had what they call the ""best margarita""--you should get that; they are very good & HUGE!  The chips are great (especially the ones that come with sweet potato chips mixed in).  The guac was okay.  And the blackened fish tacos  the presentation of it was really good.  I was a big fan of this place and would go back in a hurry.  One thing to be aware of is the fact that the advertisements for drink specials on the sidewalk are a little misleading I hosted a group lunch for 35 people on the patio at Sam's a week or so ago.  They were so prepared and had our buffet ready to go when our group arrived.  The chips and salsa are amazing...a meal all into themselves.  The chicken enchiladas were so tasty.  The patio is the place to sit at Sam's to overlook the beautiful gardens at the Arizona Center - such a great view!  but solid quality. The table-side fresh guacamole was a knockout!" superbe terrasse au bord du jardin des fontaines.;trs romantique..;bonne cuisine un peu spicy Very nice lunch food. Carnitas are awesome and the white chocolate tamales are a nice finish. "This place was awsome!!  The hotel I stayed at recommended it & I was definitely grateful. Great food  so I can confidently say it is worth a visit." My co-worker had the fish tacos which was a nice large platter with black beans.  The sangria was delicious and you could have a choice of white or red." I will be back to this spot for sure an all around great place for a good meal... Plus the white chocolate tamale after dinner treat will keep you coming back for sure." Really good margaritas but food is not that great. We have brought several friends on the weekend though because the environment can't be beat.  or $5. I had two margaritas and a chicken quesadilla and spent only $10. Can't really complain about that. The bartenders are cute and friendly and they have MLB Network. What more does a girl need?" Food was OK.  I had the enchiladas and they were good. The rice was also great. the chips and salsa were horrible in m opinion. The salsa was slightly sweet and the chips were a mixture of different types of chips. While this was unique.. it wasn't good. On the flip side my food came out in about 5 minutes. My server was good also. Visited Sam's Cafe on the Urban Wine Walk. I recommend the white sangria! "Not as good as I had hoped.  Strange menu:  pasta  and this place was desolate. I mean everywhere else as well. Not sure why  flavorful salsa. The the two large chicken enchiladas with salad on the side was plenty. Service and outside dining was great." Descent. Good place to sit on the patio.  which was sadly underwhelming. The pork wasn't too flavorful. Jon had the corn crusted calamari. I don't have a calamari palate so I can't rank it against anything  and good food.  They really impressed me right off the bat with their chips and salsa.  The chips were assortment that were quite good and far from the ordinary corn tortillas you'd expect at any old Mex/Tex-Mex restaurant.   I had  the tortilla soup and the spinach & mushroom quesadilla which were quite good too.  But "Best TexMex in the valley! The chips and salsa are home made and probably the best I have ever eaten. I had shrimp tacos which were delicious Everything about this place is perfect! The chips & salsa and enchilada's were delicious! I would recommend this place to all my friends!  been coming since 1999 and they've only gotten better over the years  patio has a great atmosphere. reasonable prices for what it is."  the cheese dip reminded me of cheese wiz and after seated I waited over 15 minutes just to give my drink order.  The only good thing was the chips...not going back."  I wish it would have come with beans and rice. Overall it is not a bad place Sam's delights. Try it." Both of us ate more than we should have. The servings were huge and dee-licious! Way too full to even think of ordering dessert. More reason to return!" "Went here per a friends margarita suggestion. I had the Rico Rita which was a pia colada-ish flavored margarita. Very tasty while a little on the light side. For $10 you got about 2 glasses worth as they bring out the shaker  responsive and helped me to overcome my disappointment in the rude hostess encounter and he brought me back to a 4 star rating for the great service and food once we were seated. I would definitely recommend this place and the margarita!" "Great happy hour.  Complimentary and yummy chips and salsa.  Good price on my favorite dish...the black and blue quesadilla.  Plus  and sons loved their pork enchiladas and chicken quesadillas. Limit Two margarita was awesome (Top Shelf Conmemorativo).   Highly recommended - great food P.S. I went in January of 2012 just forgot to finish my review. =]"  I will always have fond memories of this little ""cafe"" called MINUS: Way too salty.  Everything except the salad had far more salt than necessary or even reasonable.  Music was too loud for the few other diners and was some terrible mix that had nothing to do with the Tex/Mex theme that was so carefully planned everywhere throughout the entire restaurant.  And final problem was probably just bad luck The outdoor seating s great...overlooking the courtyard mini waterfalls & fountain."  fresh salsa.  The shrimp tacos were delicious! The nice free dessert (banana burrito) from checking in made it a perfect lunch!" I didn't hear a single complaint about the food and drink from anyone at the table!  The only complaints I could possibly voice are about the atmosphere.  It was very crowded on a Friday after work and so it was pretty loud.  The sun beating through the floor to ceiling window was a little much  if a little overly so. Weak or no A/C on in the restaurant while we ate. In June. Not awesome."  the staff went out of their way to go above and beyond my expectations. They were friendly and prompt and the manager made us feel important as patrons."  fresh and uniquely delicious. Husband had the chicken quesadilla and inhaled it before I could try it but he loved it. I was torn between the Stuffed Chicken and the Spinach and Portobello quesadilla. I had (and loved) the chicken dish my last visit so I went with the spinach and mushroom quesadilla which was wonderfully simple and delicious with a fresh and tasty salad on the side. We didn't have time for dessert but again  so makes it easy for a great dinner and movie night.   Then grab your date's arm and take a stroll through the courtyard The chips and salsa they brought out was amazing.  The bowl had 4 different types and flavors of chips and the salsa had a good taste and spice without being too hot.  For a meal i picked the Meatloaf and it was a ton of food.  2 huge pieces meatloaf that was seared on a grill after it was cooked came out with corn & mashed potatoes and a roasted tomato BBQ sauce.  I ate the whole thing (even though it was more food that i should have eaten) and i didn't feel bad!.  The meeting was a little hard to pay attention to though since the windows faced the pathway and the women from ASU downtown and all of the businesses kept walking by!!!"  but I don't think it was the fault of the restaurant.  A little misunderstanding with the server on ""gluten free"" food And this is all before you consider the chips.  Good gracious The restaurant is located in a nice little plaza area with a cool looking courtyard Good food overall.  The guacamole was excellent!  The group enjoyed their entrees overall.  I had the seared tuna which was very good. Margaritas were potent...which is good .  Desserts were also enjoyable - tres leche cake was moist and tastie.  Atmosphere was ok.  Cost per person was about $40 person with a drink or so.  I asked for parking validation for the garage when we were ready to go. All restaurants at the Arizona Center give validation for parking because why would you pay an additional $5-$10 just to eat at so-so restaurants?  The hostess responded with a simple I planned all week to go back at night for dinner and margaritas but never did make it - boo!"  mostly everything was amazing! His adova rib eye was cooked just right and had succulent flavors to the dry last bite. My adova penne chicken pasta wasn't far behind! Not to mention the chocolate chip and pecan complimentary tamale was totally different than the traditional tamales we're accustomed to yet scrumptious! I would have gave this restaurant  though.  Chips and salsa don't QUITE compare to Aunt Chilada's Over all this was a fabulous place to visit.  The only downside is that our meal was a bit pricy but I am sure that the $25 margarita pitcher didn't help. I would and will definite visit this place again  prickly pear margherita was iced down to the fullest. My stomach hurts. But the staff was nice." Perhaps I should stop wearing my ""bearded for her pleasure"" shirt when I eat out..."  fajitas were good! rice was not vegetarian but beans were.. service was fine.. patio seats were fun" "I took a group of people here from work -  The service was outstanding the food was even better. I produced my ""Yelp"" coupon and it was honoured without question. The chips and salsa really get your attention I have always enjoyed eating at Sam's (now Canyon) from when they had their Biltmore location...the Pancho's Enchiladas are my favorite! However I went to their downtown location with my 4 month old daughter today to meet some friends for lunch and they do NOT have a diaper changing station in their restroom. Was pretty disappointed and won't be returning if it is a family meal.  and it was a featured item on the menu; it was alright.  I was too full to even finish the tostada." Other than the spill the meal was great. I ordered the basin Meatloaf. I totally recommend the meatloaf.  It was one the best meatloaf I have had in a long time.  Last but not least our waiter was really nice and did a great job taking care of us." Our favorites are the wontons and sweet potato chips Favorite margarita. Grand Canyon margarita the best ever! Only $4 during happy hour."  some are sweet potato crisps and some are seasoned corn chips...all mixed together. Our waiter explained that the salsa takes two days to make the concoction of roasted vegetables. I had my free checkin dessert to go...and there was a lot to choose from. If I lived in the area Patio is dog friendly.  Very good service. Had the blackened catfish which was good .  The little white chocolate and pecan praline deserts rolled in tamale husks were outstanding!!! "Food was good and service. Food a bit pricey I will without a doubt return next time I am in Phoenix." "Came here upon my cousins recommendation. Glad we did. We sat outside on the patio because it was unbearably cold inside. The chips and salsa were different than ive ever had: crispy Great portions and good food. Stayed for a week near by. Probably ate here 4 times in a week. The southwest Cobb salad is beyond delicious. Great happy hour 4-7 everyday. Highly recommend. Very good! Love the Orange Beso! The Chips and salsa are amazing!!! I got the Bison Meatloaf! Freakin amazing!!!! :-D Highly recommend it!!!!  this place is a good place to get your fix for margaritas and Mexican food in Phoenix  super attentive without annoying us and accommodated all our requests...even one for a picture!" Absolutely the worst service I've ever seen. We waited for a half hour before grabbing a waitress.  but additional chips were never brought to the table. Maybe a good thing as I couldn't keep my hands out of the bowl :)"  spicy salsa & bean dip! Hellava start! A kick-butt margarita! Had Chicken Fajitas!...THE BEST! Cannot wait to return! Great ambiance. Move Over  spicy salsa & bean dip! Hellava start! A kick-butt margarita! Had Chicken Fajitas!...THE BEST! ...Cannot wait to return! Great ambiance.......... Move over  this Mexican style of food does not compare. But I would give it a try again." "I had the carnitas and enchiladas.  the carnitas were fine but no better than what you can get at trader joes and the pancho's enchiladas were just plain bad.  they had no flavor  the service by our waitress TJ (Tammy J) was excellent as she made us feel like guests in her own home. We'll go back again anytime we visit Phoenix." "The margaritas here are good.  All of them.  We stopped in during our Cinco de Mayo "Best chips and salsa! Friendly service.  Will definitely go back for more!  This was a first time visit for me I look forward to coming here again and highly recommend giving it a shot if you haven't yet.  The free dessert Yelp coupon alone makes it worthwhile!"  nothing was comp'ed.  The young ladies at the hostess stand were not very helpful either to our waitress who was clearly trying her best but over her head.  Not a good experience - go somewhere else." What a great menu and patio... The commemorativo margarita is great...  but wasn't impressed by anything on the menu. ordered the steak fajitas and it was unexpectedly sweet. raspberry margarita was good though!" Great place for lunch. Plenty of seating. Starting filling up at noon." Chips & salsa FANTASTIC! Went back for spinach/portobello quesadillas; best ever. Beautiful patio area. Excellent service. I think I'm finished now. I'm finished with this restaurant. This place is a headache. Also check out their website. It looks like something I could have created using Visual Basic in high school. This place reeks of complacency. 2 stars only because of the margaritas." Service was great an the chips are good!!!!!"  too. Enjoy the patio and beautiful Phoenix weather. Just don't expect too much from the rest of the food or service." After reading reviews I only ordered table side guacamole and a cheese quesadilla.  The chips were amazing and I thought the salsa was just okay.  Quesadilla was good. Service was slow but that was okay cuz I was there to enjoy a beautiful morning in Arizona! "Al the bartender was the best server we've had! We had a terrible experience at a nearby restaurant and decided to head in to a favorite spot we always enjoy and Al undid the terrible experience we had elsewhere. Highly recommend Canyon Cafe. Plus it's one of the few places that gives you chips and salsa without a charge.  Great food I love this place and have eaten her more times than I can count.  Anything with their green chili pork is fantastic.  The steak and blue cheese quesadilla is amazing.  As several others haven mentioned the chips and salsa are quite tasty. Check out the Canyon Cafe. I believe you'll also become a fan." Next time we go back I'll definitely try the table-side guacamole...that looked really good and probably tastes really fresh."  staying at the downtown sheraton across the street from the restaurant. I've been here twice this week and the food and service have been great. Chips and salsa are a unique blend of sweet and salty and delicious. Great margaritas. Both I can only comment on the fajitas but they are amazing. I'd definitely recommend" *No apologies from management or wait staff." Can't wait to go back.  It's our little secret place that we enjoy because it's quiet and we usually leave feeling quite euphoric." "Good Southwestern food: Addictive chips Dining space is fairly large and is good for groups." The chips and salsa are the best I've ever had. I got steak fajitas that were excellent. My friend really enjoyed her meal as well (can't quite remember what it was). Very fair prices  and thanks to checking in with Yelp we shared a dessert for free. We chose the banana burrito and had no regrets. Highly recommended. Sad that I won't be back in Phoenix any time soon - I'd definitely come back if this were in my city!!"  the roaches made it my last time there! And the fact that the booth seating with the huge square pillars makes for an uncomfortable setting. And the energy is not good "Came here twice for dinner while staying at a hotel across the street for a conference. Staff was very friendly. Food was awesome. The first night I had the Carnitas Platter...second night I tried Pancho's Enchiladas. The chips and salsa were yummy! Nicely seasoned  good service and the chef actually brought out samples of desert that I can not remember the name but it was a nice touch. The only bothersome part that there were pigeons that interrupted our meal a few times but not a big deal. If you are in the area  excellent. Service was friendly but EXTREMELY slow. It was lunchtime on a Monday but the restaurant was dead so no excuses not to be on top of things. It took forever to get water and chip refills. From order time until they picked up the check it took one hour forty five minutes....but we did get some complimentary chocolate dessert compliments of the chef"  for lunch I had lettuce with good dressing and amazing chips and salsa for $15.  I saw plates of tacos go by that looked and smelled much better than what I was mulling through.  The waitress felt bad though  and the food had good portions! I am pleased to say that I am excited to come back...although I think they're remodeling currently. Still  this place expects sun through the windows to contribute to a pleasing indoor winter temperature."  they have three or four different types they throw into the same basket . .salsa was so-so." "I have been to this wonderful place a couple of times now and have had the most delicious dinners and lunches always.  Last night I invited a friend to have dinner here for her 1st time and she was raving all night about the crab cake dinner she had to eat.  The service is always terrific and our server ""Keith W"" did an outstanding job (thank you  The have a beautiful  view of the courtyard with lights." e5kc0CQ4R-PCCDgb274gSg My suggestion - sit outside & listen to the fountains!!"  someone came by with chips and salsa but no water.  We waited and waited and waited.  We finally decided to wait 5 more minutes (we were now at about 20 minutes since we'd sat down) before saying anything.  After those 5 minutes with still no one around to wait on us  sitting under the heat lamp makes it just perfect.  We were limited on time this past visit and asked if they could get us fed in 1/2 hr.  They recommended food that was fast and from start to finish got us out in 20min.  The tortilla soup was awesome and the tacos fresh and delicious.  We have had different meals each time and everything has always been fabulous.  The chips and salsa set the tone for a great meal and the white chocolate treat is a nice finishing touch.  I definitely recommend that EVERYONE gives this place a try when at the Arizona Center.  It is now one of our favorites."  which were quite tasty. But that is not going to be enough to win back the meal." Hats off to Canyon Caf for listening to their customers and making the necessary changes to assure a great dining experience.  All done with a great attitude Nice service and decent environment but the food was meh. Had the fajitas and didn't even finish them because the meat was way too over cooked.  the most rude bartender on the face of the earth and we still stuck it out. Finally got to our table and the bad adventure begun. To start off I have no issues with suggesting you try the Canyon Cafe." A couple logistical things that were annoying was that there was some miscommunication between the kitchen and wait staff so quite a few of our guests who ordered steaks had to wait quite a while until they finally came out. I mean a long wile... like to the point of wondering if they had to go lasso Just too many other good places in the area to eat."  they close very early no matter what their hours say. Never going back in there."  a great place to go to for margaritas and chips and salsa and that's it." Down here for the  super bowl"  but the use of Hershey's syrup leaves the experience falling short. And that summarizes the entire experience. Good for an area where you wouldn't expect good Went here for a team lunch during a workday. Food was decent.. Server was ok.. It took about an hour to get our food though so we were getting hangry by the time we actually got our order. Most likely will not be back. What really amazed me is the staff service all around.  The bartender was attentive. I inadvertently left my iPhone by the bar and didn't realize it was missing until an hour after I left the cafe.  I called the cafe and sure enough they found an iPhone which I went back for it and once there the manager verified that I was the rightful owner and got my iPhone back.  Today I needed a copy of my receipt for my business expenses  I cannot see why I would ever return to this restaurant."  and relaxing.  I ordered the southwest Caesar salad which was a perfect variation on a classic.  I then received my entree the Santa Fe stuffed chicken breast.  So flavorful and huge!  The asparagus was cooked perfectly.  I also got a free dessert for checking in on yelp.  There are small remnants of the previous Sams cafe but it's the good things.  Staff is friendly and low key."  and the food was just ok.  For southwest food it hit the mark but wasn't my favorite overall.  And my street tacos were just ok "Below average Mexican food. Salsa is non traditional.  Chips were seasoned which was weird.  Drinks were week Bomb.com. Try the fajitas or enchiladas. It's enchanting. Check in for free dessert. Shout out to my girl Brent for hooking it up with to go chips n salsa. It's 2 minutes walking distance from the Convention Center." "Best lunch ever!!! We ate here 4 times while in Phoenix. It was an easy 5 minute walk from the convention center within the shopping/eating center. Get the stuffed pepper (Carnitas Relleno) Street tacos!!!! Margaritas!!! Get the Orange Beso Margarita and the street tacos. I get 3 tacos with no beans and rice. So far my favorite tacos are the spicy chicken and the Poblano Chili tacos. I tried the shrimp one. It was kind of bland compared to the other two. Husband had the go-Normous Cobb salad and really liked it. Street tacos!!!! Margaritas!!! Get the Orange Beso Margarita and the street tacos. I get 3 tacos with no beans and rice. So far my favorite tacos are the spicy chicken and the Poblano Chili tacos. I tried the shrimp one. It was kind of bland compared to the other two. Husband had the gi-normous Cobb salad and really liked it. We paid and immediately left hungry." Also the outdoor seating by the fountain is pretty great."  and the sign says ""half price Margaritas."" After we order the first round we find out the happy hour is only if you order drinks from the bar. Really? That first round was really weak  you will love this place because they are on EVERYTHING. Chips? Check. Salsa? Check. Rice? Check. Chicken? Check. The tableside guacamole and margarita were the highlight The restaurant was empty and waitress was nowhere to be seen for most of the night. Oh well." "It was so good we went back 3 times during our stay. The chips and salsa are good  I couldn't stop eating the chips and salsa. It was my first time here and I want to come back soon. KEITH provided awesome customer service. I felt welcomed and well taken care of  nothing wrong but nothing mind blowing Street tacos were good. Service was quick but it was about 1 pm when we arrived and only a few other tables were occupied.  The outdoor seating by the fountains was nice.  no beans.  This dish needed help!!!  Started to check in on YELP to rate while I was sitting there and noticed that I got a free dessert with my meal by checking in.  Had the cheesecake which was thick...if that is the word.  Bill was $14 Long wait with super rude host.  Directed us to the bar and after being ignored for 20 minutes was told we would just have to wait until bartender would get to us.  Had to go up to bat individually to order our food and definitely knew we were putting him out.  Food ok.  I'm moving soon and will miss this place like crazy. Canyon Cafe happy hour I have never experienced such terrible service from any restaurant nor had to write such a negative review." We reccomend this restaurant for its food  dead downtown.  This was across the street and one of two Mexican places in the area.  Had the naked chile relleno and the max limit (?) of two margaritas.  Chips and salsa were very good and different.  I suspect they used dried chiles.  The relleno was great.  Meat was tender Excellent food! It was a convenient walk from our hotel. The restaurant atmosphere was great. Everything was reasonably priced and the service was good. Because it was a large party I paid my bill for our family plus the gratuity however if you'd like rectify your server's misconduct and I'd appreciate a refund for my meal if you're truly sorry for my experience. You can message me directly."  the decor in this restaurant was so amazing. The chips and salsa that was brought out had to be the best I have ever had! We ordered the appetizer with the 3 different options and all of it was so tasty!" A very good choice for our first night in Phoenix"  the Hyatt Regency recommended us to go here for some great Mexican food and that we had - along with some great 2-limit margaritas! Our server Frederica was so great! We told her about how we were going to drive all over the state and site see in the days to come -1.. They closed early and are not reliable. Don't  going there. The staff closes up early and people who drove from Vegas to check out the #1 yelp restaurant. Never going back. Keep up the great work!" Ordered the stuffed chicken breast with goat cheese.I believe it was the Santa fe. It was absolutely amazing and delicious. The chips and salsa were a great taste prior to the main course. Great food and great atmosphere! I had the Blackened Chicken and Avocado salad which was good. Not totally original but still great. Hubby had the Sante Fe Stuffed chicken breast and said it was pretty good. We had the tres leches for dessert which was delicious. Friendly staff and clean restaurant! OMG. Theirs guac is amazing!  Just tastes so fresh. Made right in front of yoym and they have some fancy margaritas too!  Yummy!  reasonable prices and good service. Enjoyed happy hour margaritas and a delicious carnitas plate. Salsa and chips were surprisingly different. Would definitely recommend" "We have eaten here at least 7 times in one week while visiting in Phoenix including lunch and dinner. Everything we tried was wonderful. We had salmon We were a group of 23 for dinner our poor waiter had no help. We were served a round of drinks and it was an hour after before we were asked to place our orders. The food was terrible!  my wife had a couple of blue margaritas and said they were very good.  We finished our meals and the chips.  Our waitress brought us a nice white chocolate ""tamale"" with our check.  If you are looking for a full meal or just want a nice place for a beer or cocktail this is the place.  Try the chips and salsa." The only saving grace is Sal. He was super helpful."  which was very good! Not impressed with the steak quesadilla. The meat was a little chewy and tough." "The struggle to find decent food and service in the #phx area was among one of my biggest struggles. The bartender was a bit brash at first and I felt rushed to make a decision on food & drink within a minute or two of sitting down. I ordered the wings and a coyote margarita. The wings were ok Great for a quick bite to eat. Very tasty and very easy on the wallet! Service was fantastic as well. Great location and outdoor seating is a must.  Super friendly staff but the only knock is the slow service."  but not worth the calories. The table-made guacamole was likewise unremarkable. I think the avocados were still not fully ripe. The calamari was the worst I ever had - fishery and tough. A table of 7 hungry guys didn't finish either appetizer. The main courses were all pretty good. I had the grilled tuna. A bit overdone (scalding hot plate is always a sign that it sat under the heat lamp too long) Loved the chips!!! Yummy spice added to them and there was a great variety."  2 stars for dessert (even though it was free). I probably won't be back."  was amazing. She was kind Great complimentary house made chips and salsa and the limit 2 margarita is the best I've had in awhile. Our server was very helpful and she did a great job given the busy night. The wait was a little long but the food and service was awesome and will definitely bring me back here! "All the way from the amazing mix of flavored chips and salsa to the meal to the view and service you can't go wrong here! This was by far one of the best meals I've had. I got the salmon and it had a pine nut pesto serve over mashed sweet potatoes with spinach sauted with candied pecans on top.  Freddie was my server and she was absolutely a charm! Very attentive and sweet as can be! I wished we had a location in the Dallas Texas area   atmosphere and good food ! Amazing service.  The Pecan Salmon was out of this world Service was terrific. Saul (I think that's what he said) was very attentive and brought us some delicious chips to start and even a wonderful white chocolate tomale dessert at the end. We had $4 margaritas and one iced tea as we sat by the unlit firepit. Everything was perfect! I would definitely return here next time I visit friends or run another out-of-state race." But I'm going to give them four stars because that was my first time there and the rest the food that others were having around me look very good as well. Started the evening with a wonderful combination of different kinds of chips and a great salsa and a good house margarita.  I had the pecan salmon very good but under cooked and I wasn't there for sushi. I have attached the pictures And they say at all. Interesting combinations in flavors with in the dish. And salmon for $20 anywhere with all the sides that it came with in a nice dining experience is a good deal. Waitress was very nice and will definitely go back to try more dishes."  right?  None of us said a word about the meal issues but someone came up and asked if we weren't happy and they told them the beef was a little tough and not good.  Almost immediately the manager shows up apologizing and explained there had been done kind of different meat than usual- they had noticed that they had not fished the meat and so they I wired.  They told us they would discontinue use of that meat vendor and they took it off our bill then brig ought complementary desserts that were also amazing.  My food from start to finish was excellent and the service recovery was impressive.  We will definitely be back!" One of the best meals I've had in Phoenix Awesome location. Chicken and Shrimp tacos were amazing. The Margarita coleslaw was a nice fresh take on the classic coleslaw. I will definitely come back. The White chocolate almond tamales were awesome.  which was enticing due to the local prickly pear. WAY too sweet. Really nice seating outside and waitress was really friendly. Chips and salsa were good. The nice surprise was the white chocolate dessert in the tamale corn husks."  they didn't offer any kind of discount). This was pretty much the turning point of the evening; our server seemed to avoid our table for the rest of the evening. We even had a hard time getting our check so we could leave. Undecided if we will try them again." Another good meal at Canyon cafe.  The 3 kinds of chips was a great start.  We almost asked for another bowl of the chips.  YUM. My husband and I both had the fish tacos.  Also delicious.  The waitress brought the check with a white chocolate treat.  Nice way to end the meal.  Wish they still had the bison tacos. PS---I just told the waiter once again how much I loved this salsa and he is getting me some to take! So happy!!!" What a delicious meal.  It was also a beautiful location overlooking lit palms and fountain - quite romantic Pretty setting. Mediocre food.  Mediocre service.  We got tired of waving our hands trying to get someone's attention.  the delicious food combo'd with the amazing service would have me definitely coming back on any future trip to Phoenix."  and pretty darn cute to boot! We got the table side guacamole to start which went over very well. Tacos were had by everyone including a special request that the kitchen had no problem filling. I got the grilled chicken tacos and they were pretty good. I put a fair amount of hot sauce on them but the flavors were very good. A nice place to stop in downtown Phoenix."  SW Cobb salad is amazing but the service was horrible. First the hostess sat me at the farthest end of the restaurant away from the few patrons that were there. Order was quickly taken and drinks and chips delivered very quickly "Good service and friendly staff is the reason why I  gave it 3 stars. The food is the most Americanized Mexican food I've ever had. Don't expect any authentic Mexican food. I mean Overall an ok experience. Worth a second chance."  definitely not bad. I was just expecting a bit more of a southwestern flavor." I went with three others on a Saturday afternoon. We were not greeting with a warm welcome. The hostess was very rude to me and the others in my party. When she seated us she did not tell us when our server would be around and she didn't check the cleanliness of the table. There was fresh bird poop in multiple places on our outside table. We moved OURSELVES  inside and the hostess never came to check what the problem was or why we moved.The restaurant was pretty much empty so she should've been able to do that.  All but two plates at our table were dirty. We waited about 15 minutes before we actually saw our server. We ordered drinks and food at the same time. We waited another 10 minutes for those. We waited 20-30 minutes for our food and when we needed any kind of wait staff there was no one around. On top of that they don't validate parking and if they do they didn't offer that. When we finally got our food our meters for our car had ran out and we had to go out to refill them. The food tasted good but I've had better and for the amount of food you get I think this place is overpriced. I definitely will think twice before dining here again. Will return again in another couple weeks to explore more of the menu!" It's the best place to come to eat with your friend and family I would recommend this place to any one who wants to come chill and have a good time food  had the chefs daily special stuffed poblano pepper with carnitas.  Sit outside on the patio for a great view."  patio comfortable. Will come back often...bottomless chips and salsa like no other. Exceeded my expectations by far." Just the chips itself is enough for a five star! The margaritas are on point! The Carnitas and enchilada platter is so delicious! A must go in downtown Phoenix!  she actually asked about our timeline! We had time to relax tonight and we weren't in a hurry but there are so many times when we are and they don't bother to ask. I would definitely recommend. The only reason it wasn't 5/5 was my fajitas were super wet I have no complaints against the restaurant considering we threw a lot on them last minute. Getting our checks took a while  and Mac n cheese in case you have picky eaters like me. The only down side was that the floors were definitely not clean. My shoes kept sticking to the flooring as I walked  I still come to AZ for my dentist (see my other review below) and every time that I am in town I make sure to stop by this restaurant. Their service is impeccable and the food is even better. They have the best chips and salsa EVER. They throw about 5 different types of chips into their mix (e.g. They have indoor and outdoor seating and room for large groups.  Enjoy!"  I had the special- it was some kind of tenderloin but it was dry. Good margaritas!" Very friendly and helpful but could not eat there because of allergies gluten and soy. Recommended nearby place instead.  because I work in the building and some times I'm too lazy to walk the 2 blocks to Burger King in the morning for a ""proper"" breakfast. I guess I get what I deserve for lack of motivation." eOgUKCy5-sK-leqIBiNokg  quidk service as I head back to work from my gym.  Also the prices were a bit lower than some of the other sandwich shops nearby." sInUSy63Oh455uWs9p9OqQ  or sit and watch either of the flat panels when you've got some time.  Try it.  You may visit again and again like I do." SW Chicken Wrap - Two thumbs up.  Navy bean soup - worth getting underway. Yesterday I forgot my lunch and I decided to go to the Central Cafe for lunch.  I'm so glad I did.  The special was Shredded Beef Tacos.  They were by far the best tacos I have had in a really long time. :)  Thanks Central Cafe for the best tacos.  and the ladies are awesome. always a smile on their faces. taste and attitude is what I rank this at. sucks that they close around 2:30 though. and a nice place to chill "This cafe has much more than you would think. Artisan sandwiches. Yummy fries. Friendly owner. The place is immaculately clean and decorated so tastefully. I had the pesto chicken and fries. Very hearty. Great prices What a great place to eat!  Super specials and catering that looks like it is being served to the Royal family.  Christmas catering from Central Cafe is outstanding!!! sInUSy63Oh455uWs9p9OqQ 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ  you will find some REAL characters. My favorite is the older couples who don't speak to each other but instead read the newspaper. And the trucker guy who says things like ""Thanks little lady"". Not to be rude PS the biscuits look amazing."  this place  is just my speed and we will be back... A LOT!"  but it wound up being my lunch. Most of the dishes range from $6-$9 and they offer lunch and dinner all day long. This is a great place to bring your family  you don't have to wait too long and the service is very good. The regulars are friendly with our son and the food is awesome! I usually get the machaca and eggs This place is great.  I have only had breakfast but the food is sooo good. It's a really small place so there us usually a wait but it'sworth it. Enjoy. : )  this is a tiny place full of regular customers.  The portions are generous and the price certainly is right.  The waitress wouldn't stop asking my 2 year old what the ""Easter Bunny"" was bringing her.  It got kind of old especially since we don't worship Bunnies at our house.  Seating was tight and we got to sit next to a guy having breakfast with his girlfriend and happy to say that his wife was home sleeping.  I wouldn't say that that the clientele all lived in the trailer park but some do.  If we go again we'll try and get there early before the crowds.  The bacon was especially tasty."  he said he got a few funny looks. THis is a great place for basic breakfast faves. Nothing fancy (you're all sort of crammed in there)  but really comfortable and good food." Wear Cardinals gear during football season and you get free coffee!!!!!" I've had better.  That's really all there is.  The service was nice enough but I just don't really care for this place.  I really felt like I was eating in some po-dunk town with all the strange ""characters"" dining here.  At least it didn't make me sick."  and that's it. One of the waitresses was talking about 2 guys sitting at a table talking for over 3 hours - don't be rude "Ya'll come! Friendly down to earth good fixin's and hot coffee! 2 tv's in case you dine alone  peppers and potatoes. It was huge! It was nummy nu mmy in my tummy. The best part is.......wait for it.........they had my favorite coffee ever! Farmer Brothers! I am not a coffee drinker and don't claim to be but I will drink a pot of that Farmer Brothers it is so good! Warning do not order the sausage gravy I look forward to eating there every once in awhile. I love to support privately-owned neighborhood restaurants."  I have been very disappointed with the quality of their food.  I was there yesterday (with my folks) and ordered 1/2 grilled cheese and a bowl of French Onion soup.  My sandwich was cold That's how good this place was."  but salsa was too watery and made them runny. the toast tasted like white bread but they said it was sourdough. the hash browns were the best part of the meal. it was very cramped and there was no clear path to the door. you sit basically on top of other guests - no real space between tables  and there is a good ""vibe"" to the place.  But without the food to back it up So if you are anything like me and like to bring business to people who really go the extra mile to make a difference in people's lives This place is like a step back in time. When food served in a restaurant tasted like mom would make. I eat here mainly for breakfast and iv'e never had a bad meal. The portions are plentiful and the food is good. I'm not talking fancy just good food for the money. They also have awesome meal deals.  country style breakfasts. Very good value since some of the other nearby breakfast places charge much more for smaller portions. Everything tastes fresh (no frozen potatoes!) and the service is friendly. I just wish it was a little bigger inside the restaurant I really enjoy this place. It is always busy and the food and service are great. It's the small town resturant in the big city. I have even tried their lunches. They made a pretty good burger and buffalo chicken sandwich is great. They have great daily specials as well. Friendly ladies too. Thanks Ladies =)" Very friendly staff and a really good chicken fried steak and eggs. Your coffee cup will never be empty." so I thought I would give it a try.I walked in the joint to give it a try and the looks i got when i walked in where enough to make me want to run out I have never seen more racist freaks crammed into a small place in my life  I can no longer count on my expectations being fulfilled.  I feel so CHEATED!  I would much rather see a fair price increase than have to search for a new favorite spot." 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ "Eggs Benedict were good not great. But the staff was very friendly and attentive. Good american breakfast place. Close quarters for seating "Very at home feeling cafe. The staff is bright and smiley. There are a lot of regulars. The food itself is really good if your looking for mom's cooking. Atmosphere is a ""comfortable active"" feeling. I got the corn beef hash plate. Very good. Must try the home fries. All together a very nice quaint eatery. Will return!"  overall it was a great experience and I had a good time just sitting there eating watching the price is right on their 20-year-old television.  I'll be heading back there for sure." Staff was nice and that is what prevents them from going under the 3 star mark." Tina was a delightful server. She took my dietary restriction into consideration and suggested I have the hash browns with my meatloaf. A good suggestion." Love 40th Street Cafe and can't wait to try it for lunch." Blueberry pancakes were very bland.  No flavor at all.  Excellent service however. Love the staff the eggs and bacon were perfect. This is the type of place I'd recommend to bring a family to eat at. I am giving it a 5 great experience.  and the service was great. It's a great neighborhood joint."  she was very friendly and never let our coffee cups go empty.  We will be back!" Great little small local cafe spot for breakfast!"  home fries.  That's what you need to get!! Great service!  Awesome menu!" I doubt I will be able to get Mr. B back.  Once bit  I felt like an outsider because everyone seemed to know each other and the servers. The second time I went-the servers remembered me and welcomed me back. They even remembered what I drank. Needless to say-this a a friendly local place with simple good food at an affordable price. They must be doing something right because there is always a nice crowd of people but you can still get a table. They top off your drinks the entire meal!!  I enjoy this cafe and frequent it often."  disappointing. The food and service were nothing to write home about. I got the Eggs Benedict. The hollandaise was tasteless and coffee tasted like dirt.  My plate was taken away by Tina without being asked if I was done.  The same server didn't even thank me when she gave me my bill.  I would have had better food and service at Denny's." Great selection of food and good prices. Had never noticed it tucked away in the plaza till a friend of mine mentioned it to me. I was not expecting much from the outside but I am glad I went in. I would surly come back to 40th Street Cafe.  The quaint diner feel was so unique and nice... that would bring me back for sure." I opted not to report this to the health department and decided to post to Yelp instead."  all bacon. PERFECT mix of salty and sweet!" "Good food at reasonable prices. This place is the neighborhood restaurant you may remember from your childhood; a great place to feel at home  my server recommended chicken strips which are hand made from fresh chicken and did look delicious on another customers plate. Decor needs a little tidying up. I love the fact that they're honoring our service men and women but it is a little hodgepodge. Worth a visit if you like good food and places that like their regulars enough to know their names!" Bottom Line... I'd definitely go back & I'd definitely recommend to a friend!" Plenty of food at a good price. I look forward to coming back and trying a different item on the menu."  Kim and Tina are the nicest servers in the west!!! Great atmosphere. Delicious ruben and potato salad. You can't go wrong here for lunch or breakfast"  and pecan pie slice purchased to go didn't make it out the door! :)" What a find!  Thank you Yelp!!  We came here for breakfast a week or so ago for the first time and my oh my.  It was fantastic!  My husband could tell it was good because I actually ate all of my scrambled eggs and I rarely do that.  My husband ordered the chicken fried steak.  They hand bread this here and he said it was phenomenal.  Everything about our breakfast was great from start to finish.  This place is tiny and in a little strip mall next to a dog grooming salon.  We will definitely be back! 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ Our usual place was packed so we checked Yelp and found this place. It's not much to look at really. A definite hole in the wall kinda place. Which are the best!  The staff was super friendly and the food was very good.  We thoroughly enjoyed it and will be back. "This place is awesome.  It's a small restaurant in a strip mall.  They have really good breakfast.  I love their biscuits and gravy.  The prices are really reasonable and have great customer service.  It's funny I have eaten at this place 3 times now Definitely worth the visit."  but I suspect they will soon." It is a small place and I was too full to try their homemade pies. I will have to go back next time I'm out here." "One of my favorite places! It is the closest thing to a true diner Arizona and Phoenix has. This place has always been my go to. Great food  but it is just too small and the food is subpar.  With all the other breakfast spots in the area  spoiled/sour but that seems to be the trend  in Arizona.  I would go back for a lunch option but to be honest I would not go out of my way to eat here. It is far from my neighborhood. I only stopped by because I was running an errand nearby." Amazing chicken fried steak. Definitely worth the wait. The gravy and orange juice were really good as well. Even though they were super busy the waitress kept up! "Hidden in a strip mall with all the usual stores you'd find on a busy intersection. All the staff are very friendly and treat you like family. Nothing we've ordered has been extraordinarily great Inexpensive quality and quantity breakfast!!!!!!!! I will definitely come back."  community cafe. Enjoy it for what it is. There are very few left."  reasonable prices and atmosphere. Nuff said." We left happy & full & I'm sure we will be back!!" Homemade pies made by Peggy are yummy to say the least."  but the food was super heavy. Seemed like they had a bunch of regulars. I would say we had an okay experience  i am enjoying the decor American Pride. I feel at home. Service is top notch. The food is amazing."  fast service. They need a bigger place as it does get crowded and noisy." "Quaint little neighborhood place.  I've been for breakfast twice and lunch once.  Their chicken fried steak was not one of my favorites   but some of the potatoes were undercooked.  Service was good. The place was full Don't give it a second thought and try this out once and you'll keep coming back!"  but that makes it more like home. I DO wish they offered fresh fruit...oh  then go elsewhere. This cafe is just that a little cafe with American breakfasts including chicken fried steak and corn beef hash." I have no reason not to give this place five stars. I walked in for the first time and sat at the counter. The regulars were sitting there and struck up a conversation with me. I asked them about the food. They had nothing but good things to say. I had the chicken fried steak or I guess it's country fried steak it was absolutely delicious! There was a lot of food more than enough for me! The eggs were cooked perfectly! This is definitely a place I will return to. Although it is small I absolutely loved the family feel!  the wait for your food even longer.  The waitress spilled coffee on my leg and wouldn't even apologize. The food is average." "This is the friendliest restaurant you'll find in town.  Excellent service and really tasty food. I can't eat gluten and they were willing to substitute fruit for toast. Reasonably priced  huge portions. If you come here just be ready for a different environment. Loved it that on the walls are pictures of veterans. Leave your Scottsdale attitude out the door and just enjoy this different cafe. Enjoy." 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ  not great. It was not quite hot enough. Fries were yummy. Servicer was pleasant.  Looks like a lot of regulars come here as it was always humming." "Just had the #1 breakfast special . It was perfect . The home fries are the bomb ! Tina was my waitress .  She always remember me . And she's efficient   family owned cafe with tasty yummy comfort food that we have enjoyed for years.  Prices are very reasonable for the quality you receive.   Coffee is always hot  etc.  My guest (who'd never been here & to whom I'd highly recommended the 40th St. Cafe) had a similarly mediocre meal.  Maybe an off day for the cook? I still like the diner vibe and the service is just fine  funny and make you feel very welcomed. Highly recommended." The search for our favorite weekday breakfast place continues : )" You may especially like it here if you are from the Midwest. I know my husband loves the 40th Street Caf for that reason. The caf has a pleasant small town feel  and awesome food. My wife and I were looking for a nice homey place in the big city and found it here. The place is always packed though that never deters the wait staff from taking time to check on us  menu carries the usual favorites and then there's a section of customer faves. Small and crowded but you're made to welcome and part of the crowd. Food great- this place is a treat!" The food is delicious and they have the best biscuits and gravy. The eggs are never overcooked and the bacon never undercooked. The community atmosphere is reminiscent of small town diner familiarity. You can't help but feel it as soon as you walk in the door. I'm always running into friends who love this place as much as I do. The waitresses and staff are always friendly and accommodating when I come in with large groups of people. It is definitely  worth the wait on the weekends. 5 stars all the way. Love the food and family atmosphere... They know you by name. I recommend everyone go here.  which is unusual for me to do. My husband ordered the chicken fried steak skillet and it was huge and full of flavor! We would pick this place over the trendy & loud brunch spots any day of the week.  Planning to make this our 'regular' spot."  so if want to dine outside on a beautiful day you'll need a little luck. The staff was very friendly and attentive - my coffee cup was never empty! Food was presented well and tasted great. Everyone at our table enjoyed their meal and agreed this cute little place is a gem. Definitely recommended." 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ  biscuits and gravy!!! All sooooo good and the staff was so friendly. I can't wait to try the pancakes next time." My new #1 breakfast stop. Great hash browns with peppers and onions. The never ending cup of coffee is just that with the great service. We were really made to feel at home. Thanks again!  acknowledged me and she brought the food in no time. I also ordered bacon instead of ham on my sandwich which wasn't in menu and she did it for me. Very satisfied with my visit will be back for sure." 