 but I imagine that this is a pretty good joint even by looziana standards.  I always get the blackened platter with chicken and the fish special with one of their rotating toppings JvsCfolT6X9td9spj6Omfg  and the prices were very reasonable for the amount and quality of the food we received. This is definitely a place we will return to  were delicious and accompanied by great sauces.  The typical Nola food didn't fair as well.  The gumbo was heavy on the tomato  that you can't help but chew on two or three in each mouthwatering bite.  I think the deliciousness is a combination of the crawfish "I wasn't quite sure what to expect from this place.  Seeing some of the patrons walking into this place dressed up and at the same time seeing a giant alligator statue sitting in a throne in the front yard.  Once inside it's actually a really nice place.  The service is great  I have room for the key lime pie. The key lime pie is worth the trip by itself. It's just the right tangy and just the right sweet. It's incredible."  but it was blackened with an amazing tangy sauce and came with mashed potatoes and greens. Their menu is really different Dixie Blackened voodoo was delicious." I ordered the Spicy chicken etouffe which was awesome. I ordered it extra spicy and man they meant it. My hubby however said that his blackened catfish was ""eh"". Still this is a good place to chill out with friends on a Friday night."  and have a sit on the front porch while you let your delicious dinner settle. Grab a photo with the giant queen gator in the front yard as a souvenir!" "Right off the one thing that I want to mention about the Cajun Queen when we ate there this past weekend was the Jazz band that was playing.....the band was great :)  We ordered the crawfish scampi for an appetizer.  It was tasty Oysters are also lightly fried and not greasy -Key Lime Pie was good but its more of a white cream mouse filling style than a yellow custard filling style. ( I prefer the custard style)." The Service is always good and friendly!" "One oft favorite joints in Charlotte. Between the jazz band  so rich and flavorful!  Also the bananas foster french toast for brunch is one of my boyfriends favorite dishes he has ever had!"  and DELICIOUS food!  I had the crayfish etoufee - rich and yummy.  Others had the chicken creole  it seemed to just melt it my mouth and what can i say about the fired green tomatoes( hold one second while i wipe the droll of of my mouth) lol .....The staff is great and the jazz band was awesome and played a over all large selection of music...so over all i would put them on my top ten" I'll definitely go back to Cajun Queen and next time I'd like to try some of their more traditional dishes - like their gumbo  the presentation of the barbecued pork chop was simply beautiful! It was certainly the best looking plate of the evening."  but the food was great.  I had mahi mahi with some crawfish sauce and vegetables over it.  Excellent!" It's a charming place however they had some live music which I personally found loud (and this moment right here is when I turned old).If you're looking for authentic New Orleans style food like I was  thank goodness they had habanero sauce to add some taste to this miserably bland dish. they did have dixie lager and dixIes blackened voodoo lager which is the only reason theyre not getting one star. the bartender was not pleasant either she obviously did not want to be there and it showed "The cajun here is fairly original...considering.  The atmosphere is unique in this old home as you can sit downstairs or up.  I've only been once The fish specials are usually pretty good but can be bland. Stick to the dishes they are known for Take the Cajun Queen steam boat Mississippi tour when you are in New Orleans!" The food was ok - and if we'd been seated earlier and able to actually hear the music I would give this place a 4 star review."  were at a party"". The music band plays upstairs and that is where we were seated. We had a short wait around 10 minutes and the manager seated us right in front of the band as if he read my mind. That is exactly where we wanted to sit. I'm not a fan of spicy food and the waiter recommended instead of blackened  but I'd rather deal with the parking than have them move to another location. The tiny old building  it took about 40 minutes to get seated. We had to wait at the bar. The price for the amount of food was a little much  only complaint was there werent enough tortelliini but it was made up by the overabundance of chicken.  My girlfriend ordered the chicken diane and it was amazing Came here for my wife's birthday one year - had great food and the live jazz is a great plus. "We waited an hour and a half on a Saturday night for a table.  Bar area super crowded with one bartender and the speaker system screaming out reservation last names every few minutes at deafening decibels. No place to sit--and tarot card reader girl took up a whole table in the bar. Mediocre wine by the glass and only four rubbery shrimp (although the sauce was great--but we had to ask for bread after they brought the dish )in the $9 BBQ shrimp appetizer.  Finally seated in the room with music (which we requested and they honored) and the music was very average and too loud. We asked for water with no ice and the waiter actually rolled his eyes at us.  5 minutes later the waitress came and asked what we wanted with her order pad out jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw I have been here many times over 20 years and will keep coming back as long as I'm around." If you like your appetizers before your drinks....this is your place. Table had empty salt and pepper shakers. The hot sauce bottles were empty and dirty. This is NOT authentic Cajun food! The Champagne was flat.....horrible experience. Waiter was aloof.  drink up in the bar and in a few hours it want really matter if the food is great or just okay." I'll definitely be back! Cajun Creole is definitely a different type of food than what I usually grab." jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw Best shrimp and grits ever!!"  and creole shrimp. Live jazz was the cherry on the sundae. Speaking of desserts  but the food was the star of the show. Fried green tomatoes The Cajun Queen provided us with a delicious dinner.  I knock a single star off only because the service If work sends me back out here again  love it here! Wonderful flavors in a cozy home like setting.  The etouffee was delish mix of shrimp  delicious food!  My favorite place to eat when I have the money.  Love the cajun popcorn and the dinner specials.  If they ever have the mahi-mahi as a special LOVE the Etouffee! The chicken with rice and beans is amazing. I can't wait to go back. I love the casual feel and the food is just down right good. The drinks are outstanding too!"  give yourself some extra time to dine This is one of our top 10 restaurants in the QC.  Worth a visit This has got to be the most overrated restaurant in Charlotte. I've been 3 times and I have never been impressed.  But this last time was horrible. This is the McDonald's of Cajun cuisine. Every dish we had was completely flavorless. Fortunately it was only half price because of the Groupon that I used. And even at half off it was overpriced relative the to the exceptionally low quality of the food. I'll never go back.  food was also good we would recommend this Restuarant as a place to go." jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw  we had a great time and everyone enjoyed their meal.  So  our table was ready soon after we arrived. Cajun Queen is in an old house in the Elizabeth community (my community) and has great ambiance. We started off with a crawfish appetizer (not the fried one) and it was delicious! I will definitely get tit again! The cucumber gin drink that was featured was also great. I got the BBQ shrimp as my main course and it was also very good. My date got the salmon special and it was great (Maybe a little better than mine Cajun Queen can great really crowded so be aware of that when you plan your evening. And  and forces people to park at other businesses or on the side of the street." "This place is awesome! I bought a groupon spend $20 get $40 so a few of us went to check it out.  They had a live jazz band upstairs which was great.  We shared fried green tomatoes  you are seriously insens.  (that's 'insane' in french.  i think.)" "The best BBQ shrimp I've EVER had. The sauce is good for dipping the bread. Definitely going back again. Shrimp and grits are okay "I do not know how this place and Boudreaux's has the same rate. Being a native New Orleanian I am spoiled by my roots. Cajun Queen is as close as it gets to the real deal. The only thing I just do not care for  big colorful house and its filled with lots of vibrant paintings--one of the rooms even has a fireplace which adds a lot of character.  The food is also very solid--lots of New Orleans specialties served by a very friendly staff. I had the blackened catfish which was very good and came with some nice steamed broccoli and yummy mashed potatoes. I also tried the fried oysters and the gumbo which were also both very tasty. Also I hope I have stirred your taste buds in trying something new and unique from Charlotte. Because mine was!"  and voodoo beer. Throw in some live music and it makes a fun summer night dinner! Been around forever... that should tell you something!" "Amazing Fried Green Tomatoes and Blackened Pork Tenderloin.  I will order both of these next time I go back.  Very cool atmosphere in a cozy old house.  Live bands play upstairs and it can be loud  the best pecan pie EVER!!!" The service may be a bit slow as they are always busy and the servers sometimes get a tad overwhelmed. But most aren't in a hurry while enjoying what the Queen has to offer so it's never seemed to be much of a problem for me." "Went to the Cajun Queen this weekend and I really enjoyed the Shrimp touffe it was just spicy enough and was a really big portion.  My wife does not like Cajun food and had the steak it was probably the worst steak I have ever had  but nothing exceptional.  There are times when the parking is kind of a hassle there; the private parking area is often full." I will not be going back.  Parking was hard to find and it was loud inside."  it was lemony and not as complex as the shrimp. The Blackened new York steak was nice but uneventful (3)  the Mahi-Mahi with Diane sauce on top of mashed potatoes (4)was very good. I tried the special of the day - Pan Seared Duck Breast ( medium) on top of garlic fried potatoes w Craw-fish Etouffe (4.5) really nice combination. It had the best flavors of Cajun Creole cuisine but it was not spicy or heavy. The only weak note was the Seafood Gumbo (2.5) it was just OK a bit bland Live Jazz never hurts (but if you sit downstairs you won't be able to see it and probably can't hear it too well either)."  a very pleasant experience. We will be going back for dinner to try the regular entrees."  and the oreo cookie cheesecake. Oh we also had the Peach Aloha and Hurricane to drink. Everything was great! We cleaned all of our plates and enjoyed the atmosphere. The set up was nice  it would be getting 5 stars but it's definitely good enough for me to make it a semi-regular stop when craving those flavors."  but we never found ourselves sitting around looking for our waiter. He was also kind enough to replace my cocktail when I wasn't pleased with my initial choice (I ordered a Cajun martini  you would think they'd take sustainability and safety seriously. http:  www.montereybayaquarium.org  cr SeafoodWatch web sfw_factsheet.aspx?gid=18"  but the prices are a little high.  I've had better quality for cheaper in New Orleans What a pleasant surprise!! The fried oysters are the best ever and so is the Diane! I had it with the crawfish and shrimp. Even the garden salad was good to be pretty simple! Definitely a great value! My family and I will be returning:)  was extremely knowledgable about the menu and the wine. I suggest what Beau suggested...the pork medallions with pineapple pico and plantains. Amazing!  We sat on the upstairs patio and had a perfect evening.  Can't wait to eat there when we visit Charlotte again!!"  there's a $5 charge for splitting an entree. I'll definitely be buying another coupon for Cajun Queen. The prices are a little beyond making it a regular spot (even with a coupon) but it's perfect for a memorable date night." Awesome Bbq shrimp appetizer! Shrimp and grits with sausage was ol so good! Coming from new Orleans this restaurant was great with a flavor of a nice jazz performance from the 7th street gator band!  but their prices are incredibly reasonable. It is located in a beautiful house and always filled with diners. Make a reservation Friday and Saturday evenings! I love their Diane and Etoufee. It is good with any of their meat choices r 80 i have had better" A little overpriced but the food is really great! And the restaurant has a fun New Orleans feel to it. Great date place!  which made it very difficult for conversation among all of us.  We've eaten our way through New Orleans a couple of times One of our favorite places to eat in charlotte.  They have the best food and services.  we decided to split four appetizers between us.  My favorite was the fried green tomatoes.  The remoulade sauce ""made"" this dish.  It was perfectly balanced and absolutely yummy!!!  If you haven't been a fan of Fried Green Tomatoes Overall highly recommended."  I tried this place for the first time because we had a coupon from Groupon and I have always wanted to try this place because I really didn't like Boudreaux's in NoDa. Our server made a catty joke about his tip percentage after we mentioned we had the coupon jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw Make sure you order the BBQ shrimp"  it was a great meal and great spot!" Went during the restaurant week and wasn't disappointed. I had the shrimp and grits with andouille sausage and a small bowl of gumbo.  The gumbo was a little hot (seasoning hot) but not too much.  The Shrimp & Grits were excellent as well.  The live jazz by the 3 senior citizens was excellent as well.  Overall everything was great and we'll go back again. "Had dinner here on the night of Feb 28th. The restaurant is in a converted old house. We tied a few of the appetizers. All very good. I had the Etouffee with all 3 options Service was solid as well.  Can be tough to converse if you dine in the room with the band...they are really good but  and then began furiously laughing. ""Oh  I would go back and recommend it to a friend!" "I do not understand the hype about this place. Everything is incredibly overpriced and the food is less than mediocre. I did enjoy the bbq shrimp app but the entrees were miserable. I got the shrimp Diane which I'm pretty sure was just shrimp Sat in the sunroom with only a few tables filled was a great atmosphere with a few friends. they have their own parking lot so its easy access. Theyre always on groupon too!"  but overall I usually go for the usual - bowl of seafood gumbo and a side of crawfish touffe which is more than enough to fill me up. Their fried oysters are divine; perfectly juicy with light crunchy breading. If you go in the evenings Went here for our anniversary. The atmosphere was nice. I ordered the chef's special cajun pasta and was pleased by the large portion. Making a reservation as the place was really crowded on a Thursday evening. I recommend eating here to people who enjoy creole food. Oh it seems that they run on reservations so I would recommend one!" We requested to sit upstairs thinking we would have a nice date with some soft jazz in the background. Oh man was I wrong. The music can't wait to go back!"  down home atmosphere. The service is excellent. The food is well prepared.  My only complaint is that while the food was prepared well What a wonderful experience. Had not been here for many years but it seems to get better with age. It is the best Cajun food I have ever and outside of New Orleans. We had the gumbo and touffe and Both were outstanding. Service was also top notch. "Eh. I came in with high hopes for Cajun Queen after being somewhat disappointed with other cajun places in Charlotte. It was ok  mine was crawfish and his was chicken and shrimp. We both loved it and the drinks as well. What attracted us was a deal on groupon but we will definitely be returning! The only negative I would say was the close proximity of the seating in the upstairs room--we were literally right next to another couple and heard their entire (and very awkward) conversation." The dress in my opinion varies.  We were in jeans and button downs while some others had sport coats on.  A really good vibe and I'd feel just as comfortable dressed either way.  You will not be disappointed if you spend a nice evening here for your next meal!" The food and service was excellent. it was hard to believe I was in Charlotte and not New Orleans. "My boyfriend and I ate at Cajun Queen last Friday night . We had 7:30 dinner reservations. We pulled up and they had a valet service - nice touch! Parking can be very difficult over there. We were seated immediately at a very nice table next to a window. I ordered the Diane and my boyfriend got the Etouffe. Both were very good! My only complaint was Good food usually very consistent....Great bbq shrimp. Seating can be tight.  came over and offered something else. We ordered the tilapia special and it was delicious. We also had the crawfish etoufee jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw  and live music was all great.  Drinks were beyond strong.  The seating is a little close  but manageable. Prices match well with portion sizes aka we did not feel cheated. We will definitely  come back for food&drinks only. We will then pickup some Mama R's bread pudding for dessert."  they give you a basket of bread but DO NOT immediately dive into it!! Order the barbecue shrimp for an appetizer which has all of this delicious sauce that you must then DIP the bread into. Do it This was our first visit to this restaurant. It boasts a Louisiana  style menu. However this dish ( cajun platter) lacked any type of cajun spices. You can't serve red beans and rice with no gravy  and consider that to be a  Louisiana style dish. My husband ordered the New York strip and had to put salt on it because there was no flavor. I certainly have had better and I would not visit again. Overrated!  the stuff that counts is pretty banging. Our entrees were delicious and the cocktails were done well. This is one of those places that we will definitely be bringing friends and family to when they visit from out of town."  and you may get towed if you park in an adjacent lot." What troubles me now and has troubled me from the first time I started going to the CQ : it seems like the kitchen believes everything must be really hot (spicy) since it's a Cajun restaurant. But some things just shouldn't be hot. Tonight I ordered the crawfish scampi appetizer. Scampi is generally shellfish flavored with garlic and herbs. Red pepper flakes are sometimes added but not as a predominant flavor. The CQ  added so much chili that it overpowered the crawfish. There is not a lot of difference between the scampi and etouffee which is supposed to be hot. If they would just not be so heavy-handed with the Cajun spices....."  however my 3 star rating is for their lack of vegetarian dishes. There wasn't anything on the menu (aside from ordering a plate full of sides and that get really old) so the waiter suggested the one item they had available for veggie friendly patrons. It was sufficient but not something I would normally order. Either way Cajun Queen is definitely a little taste of New Orleans in Charlotte The food is awesome. The fried clams were fresh and were the best 'Ive ever had.  Great neighborhood. Perfect for Sunday brunch Service is good. Gumbo was a bit watery and a pinch of salt wouldn't have hurt. Gumbo was fresh. The same tomatoe soupy water they use in the gumbo they also add to my shrimp and grits. Shrimp and andoui sausage  was good but grits its self were under seasoned i.e pinch of salt. I think the issue is I just don't think the dollars to dishes ratio is in tact here.  Things just seemed a bit too pricey for what you got.  I'd come back but not without that coupon." I would go again if I have another groupon deal."  especially the crawfish appetizer.  No way I wait that along again before getting back out there!"  I just hope they fix the alligator in the food of the building which seems to have fallen over." The fried pickles are AMAZING!! The Diamond watch out!! I had the blackened catfish with mashed potatoes and it was delicious. I was shocked that I had two pieces of fish as well which was even better. My friend had touffe and she enjoyed her meal as well. I will definitely be back here again for some more yummy spices!!" The alligator statue out front is broken  and crawfish and shrimp creole. They are very good My entree was stellar.  I had the crawfish etouffee which was nicely spicy and had a HUGE AMOUNT of crawfish.  I am often disappointed with the level of heat and this was just the way I like it." I had dinner here last night for the first time.  I ordered the Bayou Platter it was amazing.  I will definitely go back for the good and the jazz.  the bad service I experienced the one time I went here will not keep me from going here.  Love Cajun Queen!" Etoufe is still the best in charlotte." We were too stuffed for dessert but that bourbon bread pudding is calling my name for next time. And there will be a next time."  to say not a great experience.  So fortunate that I was able to get a group-on discount and not pay for a $70 experience that I didn't enjoy.  I wouldn't return or recommend this place." So delicious! Must try the touffe and bread pudding! The restaurant offers complimentary valet and the staff is quite friendly.  we shall request the rooftop each time.  Weather permitting."  loved it.  The shrimp and grits were awesome.  The gumbo was awesome.  The service was great.  The wine list was impressive.  I was totally won over My wife and I love the bar upstairs. The BBQ shrimp app is amazing. Save the sauce from it to and dip your bread in it. Bartenders are great and mingle well socially with customers. Makes it feel like home.  is great. He remembers my name and drink choices. That is very wonderful. I highly recommend either dining upstairs or taking out. Very fine." Overall: I would return here on a date or with friends who were ready to have some drinks."  but found the entrees pulled down our overall rating.  The spicy shrimp app and fried oysters app were awesome!!  The shrimp app was super spicy and full-of-flavor...save some bread to sop up the sauce!!  The oyster app was perfectly fried and came with a delicious dipping sauce.  We ordered the fried oyster entree (which was overcooked) and chicken And the fried green tomatoes are a great starter!"  a live jazz band was playing downstairs. Great spot for date night." Excellent crawfish ettouffe and service. An added plus was the jazz trio upstairs. We had the fixed price dinner for Restaurant Week. Perfect dinner. I want to love this place but the food is not executed well at this time." We will definitely visit again..."  and the absolute best fried oysters that I've ever had. If they only did Cajun as good a they do seafood  and Nawlins BBQ shrimp. They all were delicious! The BBQ shrimp was the all time best!  The sauce that they are made in is great for dipping the complimentary rolls into.  It's spicy but not too hot even though we typically enjoy hot and spicy food.  Entrees... Fried Catfish and red beans and rice were the only downfalls. The red beans and rice lacked seasoning. The catfish was not cooked crispy. It was extremely wet and flimsy. I returned it and it came out hot and crispy! Crawfish  shame on me since I lived 5 years in Charlotte and never went eating there. We had a great time and can recommend it to everyone!"  the service and the food. I've eaten at some real authentic places in New Orleans and Cajun Queen is right up there with some of them. This is the best Cajun restaurant in Charlotte. We ordered the BBQ shrimp Very quaint location and decor! Just me on a Monday night. Sat upstairs at the bar and had a very nice experience with live music and a very friendly bartender.  nice atmosphere. Free valet is a big plus in that neighborhood too.  I like the food at Boudreaux's a litlte better because I love their jambalaya I will not return. If you want real grits  but there seems to be an issue with the male waitstaff not being interactive with the table and not removing used plates and dishes as the evening progresses.  The girls at the door are very friendly and prompt in finding a table for your dining needs. I would recommend using Open Table to book a reservation at Cajun Queen.  The best way to attain a reso in Charlotte!!" I got the touffe and it was delicious. Generous amounts of meat and the flavor was great. It just sucked at the end of the meal when we realized it was Easter and our coupon couldn't be redeemed :( an excuse for us to go again  blackened pork tenderloin with fried plantains. 3 good sized medallions with an interesting bean chorizo sauce. The plaintains were battered with cornmeal and were very good. I also asked for a single filet of the salt and pepper catfish From the camaraderie and excellent service to the food and drinks...everything seemed to be perfect and I cannot wait to return!" Good New Orleans food but a little bit over priced.  I would definitely try it once. Make reservations and ask for upstairs seating near the live music...which they have playing each day of the week. The drinks were excellent and the fried fish made the trip worth it. Great atmosphere!  Located inside a Victorian house with outside upped deck.  Live music and tasty food!! I hadn't been here for dinner in years. Brunch in a few years as well. I don't know why I haven't been here more recently. Great service and the food was fantastic. I had the shrimp chicken Diane with a salad. I think what would have made the dish even better was a little char on the chicken shrimp. We sat on the outside patio and it was a perfect night for this weather wise. The servers were attentive and did a great job with the flow of our dinner. P.s. - I miss seeing queen gator. :*(" "My girlfriend and I tried this out on a whim based on reviews from Yelp and it was very tasty! I feel like the quality of food and the presentation jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw  highly recommend making a reservation you will be seated quickly and highly recommend using there complimentary valet parking you just have to tip the guys  for these reasons I typically visit Cajun Queen on weekday nights. The fried oysters are my favorite - and I typically don't do fried!"  and service. Had the fried green tomatoes (yum) followed by the Chicken tortellini and the sirloin.  Will be back again"  the Cajun shrimp and gumbo had a spicy kick to it but not overpowering.  We enjoyed the bread pudding for desert."  great portion size. Really delicious!  The service was great too. The dcor and atmosphere however Everyone in our party of 3 thoroughly enjoyed their meal. Sat on their outdoor patio which was very pleasant should the weather permit. Would definitely return.  maybe even tomorrow!  I love this place.  There.  I said it!"  the food was terrible. The fried green tomatoes lacked any kind of seasoning and the crawfish etouffee was bland and not at all spicy. The tollhouse cookie pie was also a travesty. How does one mess up a cookie pie?! At least the key lime pie was good  but our server Alex did a great job and was even accommodating to our most demanding guest and made her smile and happy. Restaurant week menu items were of a good cross section of picks as we tried most of them and we're quite pleased." Add to an amazing meal a live band and complimentary valet....this place is definitely worth a visit!"  the dining hall had a dark shrouded vibe going on. The beignets let me down a little bit but the shrimp & grits more than made up for it. The fried popcorn shrimp was also very well done but the highlight for me was the shrimp & grits." This place is great. It looks small on the outside but it's gigantic on the inside. Very quaint and reminiscent of an abode in the French quarter. I had the popcorn crawfish and the red beans and rice here. Both dishes were awesome. The pop corn crawfish was meaty and had a slight hint of spice to it not salty or anything. Let's not talk about the sweet tea. That was just marvelous. Not too sweet. It was just right. Word of warning - if you order a cocktail  and fantastic wine selections. Such a treat for date night!"  service is excellent. I took family from out of town to Cajun Queen and they absolutely loved it. Word of advice  which people seem to be raving about on yelp. It was okay. I found the favors to be very mild and uninteresting; there was no spicier or complexity to the meal. The live music was nice but makes me wonder if this place would be appropriate for a quiet This is hands down my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. I've tried almost everything and have never once been disappointed. Great staff and even better environment. Nothing beats Cajun Queen!! I am going to spare you anymore..but to tell you It will for sure be another 10 years before I go back...thank goodness the company was fantastic!!" "Do not waste your money! The gumbo tasted like the roux had burned and there was no salt whatsoever. I ordered the blackened chicken to be safe thinking ""no one can mess up blackened chicken"".....I was wrong. None of the food (including the blackened chicken) were seasoned with salt and pepper. This was the most bland Have been there a few times and they never disappoint!  The Jambalaya is second to none.  Perfectly spiced and portioned.  The New Orleans BBQ is also excellent.  Great atmosphere and service. Real cool how they turned an old house into CQ." Excellent food the price is comparable especially on the creole dishes. You have to make reservations if you want to get a good seat otherwise come before six o'clock. Great place for appetizers  but every time I go in I can't help but get the Crawfish Scampi to start off and the Chicken Diane as an entree. The flavors and seasoning are unbelievable and the atmosphere is great upstairs with a Jazz band playing every night."  today is my first time sampling the cuisine. I started with a very delicious key line Martini and the popcorn  crawfish both a sweet treat. The crawfish for sure should not be missed. Next course was a very fresh and impeccably spice cup of gumbo. For my main course I chose from the specials menu a piece of Mahi Mahi topped with shrimp taoso ham roasted red peppers and mushrooms served over garlic mashed potatoes.  The presentation was beautiful and the taste divine. All if the seafood was extremely fresh.   My husband chose this Resturant to celebrate our Anniversary and I am very pleased with his choice." "Food was tasty but the seating could be more comfortable to a point of wanting to hang out for a bit to listen to music and have some drinks. Wait staff are very nice a knowledgable about the menu. Highly recommend the ""Shrimp and Crawfish"" app to start and ""7th St. Stumbler"" as you drink. Do the complimentary valet parking sons not to have parking issues." Bottom line: I will not be going back." Great place to celebrate or just enjoy a great taste of new Orleans." "One of our favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  Food is excellent.  Sometimes it gets a bit loud inside when dining (reason for 4 stars not 5)  this is a fantastic place for brunch.  Get there early   but I guess popular restaurants try to squeeze everyone in best they can:-)" "I take everyone that comes to visit me to Cajun Queen!  From the great food (my favorite is the bbq shrimp and bread to dip into the sauce) For dessert we ordered the Tollhouse Cookie Pie.  I had never had anything quite like it before.  It was really good; however  Great food. The waiter Alex is the best at what he does. Truly had a great time!!!" "Food is always good and very consistent.  Coming here for years. Heres a few pics of our dinner: Chicken Diane Very enjoyable dining experience.  The service was friendly and timing was good.  Food was very good quality and taste.  Serving quantities was adequate.  Nice menu selections and drink offerings.  Highly recommend dining here.  it's a different feel. The food was very good and plenty. Staff was very friendly and informative. Very close to where we live and we will definitely be back." wonderful food and wonderful music every night  we had Diane with Chicken and Fresh Fish (blackened Tilapia). Both the chicken as well as fish we cooked well. The topping on the fresh fish were great. The diane chicken had a variety of vegetables on it along with rice. You can also have shrimp and chicken together in it. The food was warm. The third and final course is a dessert of your choice. We chose to have the Key Lime Pie. I cant remember much but I don't think a Key Lime Pie can go wrong at all. The server was definitely very polite and nice to us. She was checking on us at regular intervals and the food was served in a timely manner. During restaurant week Food is always great and service is good! Best brunch in Charlotte. My son loves the beignets and they sell out quick... jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw  enjoying the bar area first.  We popped outside with our drinks and ran into members of the house band. Had a wonderful time talking to the musicians.  The food was delicious "I take everyone that comes to visit me to Cajun Queen!  From the great food (my favorite is the bbq shrimp and bread to dip into the sauce) jTGQUWGIVvL-aY03C5BEmw  it was so loud we could hardly listen to our server. Dirty plates were sitting in our table for a long time. Super disappointed"  even the hostess was great she found us seats upstairs near the live music and the food was everything I expected and more. It makes you feel like New Orleans in Charlotte...we're already planning our next dinner here "The owner could care less about customers. He is the rudest man. The food is so so. Nothing Cajun about it. They did not use our Groupon correctly. That was fine with us We love the Queen and once again we were not disappointed. Outstanding all the way around. One of the best ambiance restaurants I have ever been in. Highly recommend the crawfish scampi appetizer and blackened or fried catfish. Their complimentary valet parking is the icing on the cake. Great place! FYI:  There's sometimes groupons that make it a cheap place to eat! Keep a look out!" "This was my favorite restaurant in Charlotte 20 years ago.  Many new restaurants have come to town since then...and this is still my favorite.  The food is authentic "Came with a friend and the house is really cute. It's a plus that they also have valet parking when you pull up. Inside is nice. Atmosphere is warm and cozy. We sat by the fireplace. I ordered the etouffee with chicken  but was I was informed that option is not available until 4 pm because it's a dinner option. Wth? Why is it on the menu? We were seated in the back which was full. And also full of spider webs and uncleanliness. Don't waste your time. Go to a better Cajun restaurant "Let me just say the only reason I am giving this place 2 stars is because my boyfriend liked it. We went here as our second restaurant for restaurant week. The wine (cabernet) was decent enough. For the appetizer we ordered the gumbo and the caesar salad. I can't rate the gumbo because I'm not a fan of what's in it. I was told it was good though. The salad was just a salad nothing great. For the main course we ordered the chicken etouffee and the cajun chicken pasta. The chicken in the etouffe was the same texture and taste as you'd get from takeout chinese food which my boyfriend said that's why he liked it. The sauce was okay but it didn't save the dish. The cajun chicken pasta was ehhh. It was eatable but again I'd never go back for it. Dessert consisted of bread pudding and key lime pie. The boyfriend liked his bread pudding but I wasn't a fan and my key lime pie was good but I would swear it was Sarah Lee!! I feel no need to ever come back to Cajun Queen "I have been to Cajun Queen Twice and have enjoyed my meal both times. The portions are enough for two to share. I ordered the fried catfish last night and got two big pieces of fish which was way more than I expected. It was well seasoned with a lightly fried coating which didn't flake. My husband order a dish (Diane something) which consisted of crawfish Good cajun restaurant in Charlotte.  The fried oysters are out of this world!  so dark that I had to use the flashlight on my phone to see the menu. The band was a disappointment. Pretty dull much older gentleman playing. The fried green tomatoes were delicious. The fried catfish and the red beans and rice were bland and lacked seasoning. My husband had the blackened catfish which was very good. Service was excellent. Overall it was just an ok experience. We probably wouldn't go back" This place is pretty good. It's more of an upscale cajun joint. If you are looking for fancy cajun - this is your place. I prefer a good dive (there was one down the street from this place - Bayou Kitchen - it deserves honorable mention - it was a better example of real cajun food). The food is good - the location - also nice. I took one star away because it's not as good as the place that was just down the street. "I only hear great reviews for this restaurant. So I knew it was time to go when I saw there was a Groupon. They offer free valet which makes it a lot easier since I had no clue where to park and they will tow your car if you  park else where. The manager immediately opens the door for us as we approach and we got seated right away. We did make reservations in advance though. I was shocked to see a live band playing on a Wednesday night but apparently they are there 7 days a week! I enjoyed the live music and fireplace that adds on the ambiance. Our server was okay Great atmosphere in and old converted home. The food is great too!  just to let you know this is fine dining so be prepare to pay a little" We'd go again for drinks."  but the prices are a little high in my opinion.  They have a Groupon & Living Social pretty much all the time Crawfish is always good. They open at 11am on Sunday for brunch. Price Avg $10-13. The only thing I don't like about Cajun Queen is their tables are too close to each other but they always have a full house that explain why they need so many tables. I hope they will move to a bigger place in the future.  I was looking forward to their catfish.  When the waiter stated that they ran out 10 minutes before we got there Seated promptly at 5:30 right by the fireplace.  Staff friendly and helpful. Ordered fried green tomatoes. Good and the sauce on top tasty still like the ones from Tupelo Honey better. Next time will definitely try the bbq shrimp. I ordered the shrimp creole and salad my husband had the Cajun pasta and cup of gumbo.  Everything was great especially the Cajun pasta.  Next time I would skip the salad if ordering an appetizer because portions are very generous and the shrimp creole was full of shrimp. Only negative is parking. Which is pretty much non existent so make your reservations early.  manager came without requesting and comp our meal. Will definately return!" "We eat at the Cajun Queen regularly...there are always Groupons!  My dad is from Louisiana so he knows his cajun creole food "We had a great experience at this restaurant. Its a unique atmosphere being in a old house. The place was packed the night we went. You definitely need a reservation here on the weekend. We arrived a few minutes early  must have had something or someone else on his mind as he barely had us on his mind. Next time we will ask for Samantha Got the crawfish ettuofe.  It was the best Cajun food I have ever had. Absolutely fantastic. Spicy and extremely flavorful. A must go for any traveler.  went over where the seafood was from and took all the time in the world as he probably assumed they had more money than we did. Needless to say he got the tip that he earned for the service he gave us. I would absolutely go back for the food Food was amazing. I had the Dianne and it was everything I imagined it would be. We had a seat next to the fireplace which set the mood perfect! "Absolutely delicious. The fried green tomato app was my favorite! The salad starter wasn't anything special   etc..We didn't order adult beverages so I can't comment on the bar..We decided to go with the large order of the fried oysters and the barbecue shrimp and a bowl of of seafood gumbo... not  bad but nothing special...would not order in the future...But the fried oysters  & the broccoli was just a giant tree on the plate.   The side house salad we ordered for an additional $4 was awful.   There were romaine core in the salad and one slice of cucumber.  The leaves were so huge that it looked like it was just thrown on the plate without thought.  The waiter was loud and annoying and our drinks ran out several times.   Having to ask someone to refill drinks.....the ""complimentary"" valet was not something I want forced on us either but we had no choice.  When it was time to retrieve our car Will be back during a future CLT trip."  Cajun Queen was one of the first restaurants I visited.  The food was amazing!!!  When family and friends came to town I took them there. They all raved about the food.  The past three times have been very disappointing!  I went there yesterday for dinner. The service was good the food not so much.  I ordered the Etouffe with all three my sister ordered the Diane with chicken and shrimp.  We both were unhappy with our food and the basket of biscuits that were rock hard. I don't know if there is new management or they're cutting back on seasonings to cut cost.  Either way I will not go back. Sad Evening was great!!!! Food was delicious!! Live music!!! Atmosphere for great conversations!!! And a shout out to the bartender Harrison who took such great care of us!!!! Great service and food! The shrimp creole was really good. We really wanted beignets but those are only served on Sunday. Love this place. I always order the blackened catfish with the shrimp topping in sauce. Stupendous!!! The Oreo cheesecake is mouth watering goodness!! I especially like sitting upstairs near the band after 6 pm!! My 4 year old needs entertainment at restaurants and he loves it!!  it was our first visit there and did not feel welcomed at all. We ended up no eating there. I don't care how good your food is if staff is unfriendly I  am not going in there. We drove back to our go to place Razzoo."  not great but consistent. 3 of us had the fish special with crawfish topping and all liked but I gotta say my salmon was perfectly cooked - great job top chief. Our problem tonight was our server. He was just not that in to it. Sighs when asked to explain a dish great tasty......food ........fast service... Other dishes included salt and pepper catfish and bbq pork chop. Dessert included bread pudding and keylime pie.  Overall The food was good. The service sucks!!! The staff is unfriendly and rude. I had a reservation for a big party and we were treated like unwanted guest. If the staff was on point including the valet parkers who were also rude then I would give it a 4 but honestly we will not be returning back!!!  and I will seriously visit this place everytime i'm in Charlotte" "We came in for brunch one weekend and the banana foster French toast was seriously to die for! Though the interior and decor left me expecting a bit more "Wow... where do I  start  everything was great from the time we walked the door ! Me and my husband are newlyweds and we were on our honeymoon in Charlotte  and I  must tell you the manager treated us to a glass of champagne and he seated at a nice table  I refused it. So after 15 minutes under the heat lamp..you get the picture. .the etouffe was bland anyway. Trying cajun yard dog next. . If that's a bust  I'll pass on that from now on. The popcorn Crawfish is soooo good! So tender! They just melt in your mouth. I wasn't a fan of the shrimp scampi. While it was delicious!! It was pretty much shrimp served in a soup of oil and butter. Was wayyy too much! And the seafood Gumbo is really good. It has a small kick of heat and you'll get a couple shrimp in it if you're lucky. My favorite meals are the All 3 Diane and the Special where you pick your fish and either Shrimp or Crawfish topping. Just about everything is served over rice but I prefer Mashed Potatoes. And the hands down best dessert there is the Bourbon Pecan Pie!!! OMG!!!!!! Just think 21 Jump Street in my mouth!! So delicious! We thought the bread pudding was pretty bland though. Not much going on flavor wise  the bad. One man in our group is obsessed with steak and got the ribeye. The cut of meat was GIANT but it was pretty flavorless. It was cooked correctly but not what any of us would call worth $30. It came with a side of very dry  we will definitely be back for dinner some time." "I just LOVE this place.  Best experience is sitting upstairs at the bar.  Order the NOLA BBQ Shrimp; Crawfish Etouffe; fish specials (seems like these never change The flavors are so rich and the portions are awesome. Service was a little slow given there wasn't a big size. But the food made up for that. I would recommend this restaurant to everyone who enjoys fine dining. Also the ambiance makes it a great spot for a date night or anniversary. Throughly enjoyed my first experience. Can't wait to return. "Best Cajun that I have had outside New Orleans.  Service was fabulous  go and eat upstairs when the band is playing. It really sets the tone and transports your whole evening." Enjoyed the creole with chicken. Great spices snd flavors used in dish. Waiter was very knowledgeable and helped with picking the right entree especially it being first time eating Cajun food.  Ended our meal with the toll house cookie pie...YUM!  parsley and our Queen's magic spices - all sauted together. Moderately spiced and served over rice) and some Bignets for dessert (on the brunch menu). We loved the food we ordered so much- and one plate was definitely enough to share. The service was friendly and fast. If we are ever in the Charlotte area  food... all exceeded expectations. The complimentary valet also add a nice touch. Making reservations on an early Friday evening should allow you to capture the experience at its best. ciao!" The food was very good. The service was fast and our server was very friendly. I really liked the live jazz band that was playing upstairs it helped with the authentic New Orleans feel. The complimentary valet was a nice touch. We will definitely come back to the Cajun Queen in the near future.  shrimp and crawfish. Great atmosphere. Made reservations and were good to go as soon as we arrived PS:  Tried booking through Open Table that stated no openings.  When I called direct  but sadly I think we have now given up. The food earns a 4 star recomendation and it is worth experiencing The only thing I get here is the pork tenderloin which I LOVE every time. Very consistent! Prices are expensive and service is not very friendly.  Environment is charming! Love the old house.  and its was perfect. All the protines were cooked perfectly. The spice and flavour was outstanding."  our server was perfect and the food was amazing! I promise we will visit Cajun Queen for date night every time we visit Charlotte! :)" The meal wasn't bad but acceptable at best!"  but they definitely have some things to improve upon if they want to reach 5 5."  and great service. I was in Charlotte and visited Cajun Queen for dinner. There was a small wait so our party headed up to the bar and decided to eat in the bar area. While the bar was busy the bartender was very attentive and delivered great service for both our food and bar orders. This being our first visit the bartender gave some recommendations that were fantastic. The bbq shrimp and fried green tomatoes appetizers were top notch. I had the Duck special that was wonderful and full of great flavor. The bourbon bread pudding was another great choice to finish out the meal. If you are looking for great cajun food in Charlotte this is the place."  that was ok. What I loved was the atmosphere it reminded me of a spot in Brooklyn. The food was excellent I had the shrimp and grits My wife and I always have a wonderful time at the Queen.  This time we took a friend of mine from Indy out for dinner and as usual the meal and sevice shined. We will go back because all the other reviews indicate that we had an unusual visit. I will update my review when I return." We enjoyed our first visit."  red beans and rice and fried green tomatoes didn't have enough seasoning. Everything else was great." The bartenders and waitresses were very friendly and resourceful although the hostess needs to check her attitude. either way "I've been to this restaurant many times! The food and service are great! I love the shrimp Diane! Previously parking was a nightmare  it looks like a house that was converted into a restaraunt which was awesome!  It definitely has a new orleans feel. We ordered drinks & appetizers. The  waiter also gave us a side of red beans and rice. I had a hurricane and fried green tomatoes. For my entre "Love NOLA? Then you'll love Cajun Queen. The atmosphere is beautifully inspired bu the best New Orleans has to offer. The food is AMAZING  they would play a few songs and then take a break so we could have conversations if we wanted. We had some Portuguese guys with us and someone asked them to play some Portuguese songs which apparently they did. You could tell the guy on the keyboards knew what he was doing and seemed to enter another world when he started playing. Overall it was a fun night with good food and everyone there seemed to enjoy themselves." Very bad service. Spoiled the entire evening. I will definitely not visit this place ever again.  but I my  first experience left me nothing but negative thoughts on this place :-(" "This place is awful!  Was with friends for a Birthday and it was 19 degrees outside that night.  The reservation was for 13 and 5 of us got there first.  The hostess said we could go upstairs to the bar. So we did. There was no one there and the chairs were already on top of the tables as if they were closing.  We went back downstairs and asked to be seated. There was only one table in the entire restaurant that had 2 people at it.  The hostess told us we would not be seated until our entire party was there. The birthday boy called the other people that we were waiting on and at the last minute they canceled. We told the hostess the reservation would now be for 5 and not 13. She rolled her eyes and looked at us and in a sarcastic demeaning tone said ""so you're telling me now that instead of 13 there were only be 5?""  And we said yes. At that point I was ready to leave. But we stayed. The food was horrible and they included the tip without asking. I will never go back to this restaurant no matter what "We visited Cajun Queen for the first time tonight. They offer complimentary valet parking. The restaurant is in a beautiful old home & is decorated with scenes of NOLA. We enjoyed the seafood gumbo as an appetizer. The crawfish etouffee & the shrimp Diane were both excellent. We had good service & feel the prices were fair. My husband's family is from NOLA - he's given Cajun Queen his stamp of approval for authentic cuisine. One piece of advice Good luck to you if you decide to book a reservation based on the positive reviews  our experience was great! The nightly jazz band was a pleasant surprise."  this place has made my trip worthwhile every time.  You can usually find a ""Groupon"" online before heading out which will make your visit a little lighter on the wallet -  or in my case allow for a few more drinks from their New Orleans style drink selections. That's just my two cents! i hope this review helps and I encourage you to give this big two story house with the large green gator out front a try if Cajun cooking sounds good to you."  smack the chef and kudos to the desserts." Sorry got to run............."  as it only said just Fat Tuesday and Valentine's Day. I didn't even bother going on. I was so annoyed about the lack of communication on the actual LivingSocial form I just requested a refund." This was a treat.  Loved their food and service.  The bbq shrimp was memorable.  Everyone loved our experience here. "I really love the Cajun food here. Shrimp etoufee excellent. It's even better when there is live jazz too. It's an old house Went on the last day of Restaurant Week. I had been here once before but that was 21 years ago. Wow! They've been around a long time. I didn't realize how small this place is. All of the tables are quite close together. Didn't like that. Felt like I couldn't have a private conversation. Our server was good. But he seemed a bit rushed to me. The biggest complaint I had is that my food was not hot. I ordered the Cajun pasta dish and it came out lukewarm AND it wasn't very flavorful. My husband enjoyed his shrimp and grits.  I have a $25 groupon I want to use (couldn't use during RW) so I'll be giving this place another try. Oh! Love the valet parking!  atmosphere was on point. We did sit in the same room as the band (which we requested) so it was a little loud to be having conversation but we enjoyed the music very much. Definitely recommend and will be back!" I am not a big Cajun Food connoisseur but I know what a good touffe tastes like after a few visits to New Orleans and having eaten it at other places.  We wanted to try this place as the reviews were really good. The service was just good -  the live Jazz music OK and the food was disappointing to say the least. 3 stars for the ambiance. Service was good. No complaints and everything came out as expected."  and crawfish and it was EVERYTHING! My boyfriend ordered the blackened chicken...his food was really good also. The service was great and our waiter made great recommendations for appetizers and drinks. We will definetly be back." BBQ shrimp app was amazing!  Our first time and requested upstairs to hear the jazz band. Great experience and food was true to the cajun experience.  renovated into a restaurant makes the experience very unique.  The food is fabulous.  I ordered the special salmon with crawfish topping and it seriously is one of the best seafood dishes I have ever had.   The rolls are hot and fresh  then get the mahi mahi topped with the shrimp and Tasso cream option and that comes with gumbo! Or you can't go wrong with the etoufee all the way with chicken shrimp and crawfish. They have jazz every evening up stairs and the deck upstairs is perfect for a date night!"  but do not compare to restaurants in New Orleans.  Prompt service and nice atmosphere."  the staff was very accommodating and friendly. Couldn't have asked for a better experience!"  if you go and try to park near the restaurant......BEWARE OF THE VALETS!! One ran up on me yesterday and told me that I can't park where I was parking. I asked him why and he told me its for valet service. VALETS CANNOT STOP PEOPLE FROM PARKING ON PUBLIC STREETS !!!!!!! Or block public parking spots!!!!!" "Charming restaurant that literally makes you feel at home. Great ambiance. Feels like you're having dinner at a friends house. The seating was cozy and intimate. The food is delicious and flavorful. I ordered the blackened catfish and it was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. My date had the shrimp diane Sat upstairs with a live jazz band and had a wonderful time. Must order the BBQ shrimp (tip: dip your bread in the sauce!) and Diane style entree. Enjoy! Parking sucks. Food is high for no reason. Downstairs tables are too close. Not a fan. I was impressed with the quality of food and pricing. We will be back!"  atmosphere and service. This time the food just didn't cut it. My 3 way etoufee had the heat but lacked flavor as did my New Orleans BBQ shrimp appetizer which looked considerably small for the large portion I ordered. My cajun martini was a bad choice as it was not chilled enough and too hot to enjoy. I'll chalk that up as my fault for trying something different. I think I'll wait awhile before returning here." This was my second visit. I love the atmosphere and the waiting staff is very friendly. I ordered crawfish etouffee and it was delicious. The only change that I think they should make is to have corn bread or garlic bread instead of the rolls. The food was awesome! The Shrimp and grits was superb and the fried green tomatoes were awesome. It's so hard to find such good southern food in Boston and to come down to Charlotte to visit this beautiful city is well worth it.  but I must come here every time. The crawfish is as good as any in New Orleans. The staff is great. I wouldn't change a thing." Recommend weekdays or reservations especially if you want a table on the outside patio" Definitely worth a repeat visit One of my favorite restaurants! Food is always good and service is always great! Fun atmosphere! "This is one of our favorite spots.  HIGHLY recommend the fish specials and the crawfish scampi.  My husband has also enjoyed the blackened ribeye and the pork.  Note We enjoyed a very nice dinner upstairs in the jazz room. The musicians are great and really add to the neighborhood ambiance of the space. The food was delicious and our server was so thoughtful and attentive. "I took my mom and grandmother for a Mother's Day brunch. The food is excellent and service was fast (especially for a holiday). Our server wasn't very engaging "The Cajun Queen is probably one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Their crawfish etoufee is amazing  drinks were amazing and the food was delicious. The 7th Street Gator Band was really cool & they brought that Nawlins flare. Thanks again to staff Aaron for being attentive and welcoming. I will return soon." "Best brunch I've had in Charlotte so far. I got shrimp and grits and my boyfriend got the French toast. Best shrimp and grits I've ever had and he literally said ""if I'm on death row  but the fried crawfish was actually pretty tasty. Other than that my main dish was not seasoned well and they should be ashamed of themselves for using baby shrimp in $18.00 dishes. Even the rolls sucked; very dry and tasteless. Maybe I just happened to catch Cajun Queen on a bad day Great atmosphere so I have it three stars. From someone who has been to New Orleans multiple times I can say confidently that the food here is bland has no flavor. They lack the spices and seasonings that true authentic Cajun food has. I ordered the shrimp etoufee and my fianc ordered the pan seared duck breast. Both looked decent but essentially lacked flavor and the comfort you get from eating good ol New Orleans Cajun food. Decent desserts too. Had the warm bourbon pecan pie (tasty but not much bourbon in it)." PS: When a woman asks for lemons more than 3 x you're in trouble (haha)." It was Fathers Day but the place was empty. I'm worried! Hope it was just a slow night for them. I don't know why it's not packed every night. They solved the parking issue with Valet parking so you have no excuses."  but the omelette was very good and the Elvis Presley French toast was appropriately over-the-top rich. The service was friendly and attentive "We always love this place it is always spot on and the cajun creole tastes are true to the origin. Shrimp app is incredible  my husband got the same dish as last time (crawfish & shrimp touffe) & called it one of his ""favorite dishes ever"" & I tried something new (shrimp creole) & loved it just as much as the dish I got the first time (shrimp Diane). The walls are adorned with great photos of NOLA  but because the people (particularly the manger) seems as if he is too good to be cordial and friendly to those paying to eat at the restaurant. Lose the arrogance and be personable or hire someone else to do that job and you sit back and watch the money come in. The food is great. Leadership in these places however are what make your business. Sit down. Read my review. Then change how you handle your customers. I honestly believe a new face for the restaurant is necessary to get you to the next level. The service has drastically declined and I suspect it will not get better until this changes." Awesome food and just as amazing wait staff. Highly recommend the Diane with Shrimp. Also dont forget to look at the daily specials. I had a Groupon for todays visit but have gone before on others recommendations. Will be going back for sure.  and bread pudding for dessert. Everything was perfectly cooked and seasoned. Totally delicious!"  but bring a few bucks tip." "My favorite place for fast food in Madison - I have both locations in my cell phone for quicker pickup.  If it's Thursday try the Shrimp in Cream Sauce or Crawfish in Cream Sauce special....any other day "Arguably the best thing about Madison. Real. Legit. Not Playing. Close your eyes "I lived near the Monroe St. location and frequented this place regularly.  Everything is super fresh and authentic. I was always a big fan of the crawfish etoufee with a big slab of cornbread.  The spice could be a little inconsistent though  though there is another on Monroe Street.  I'm certain that had I not graduated prior to this location opening I would have made it a regular destination.  As it is  the thing about NOTO whenever I have eaten there is that I am always expecting it to be way greater than it really is because of the way people talk about it.  I am always expecting this transcendent experience  and a everything made from scratch type feel. This isn't a place where you meet a hostess and they seat you. Just expect the best beans and rice outside of New Orleans." Go here for some great food."  and the food is consistently good.  I always have a hard time deciding what to get... the shrimp etouffee?  A shrimp po' boy with Creole sauce?  Or one of the daily specials like the pecan fish or the Cajun meatballs?  The cornbread is also worth noting for its yumminess."  been to N'awlins many times when I was a kid in the 70's. NOTO is the best hands down. Wish some adventuresome entrepreneur would migrate NOTO down to Chicago. It would be a huge success I am sure. We don't have anything that is even close to as good so we have to make our own or take a trip up to Madison! :)"  and really anything else Roussos has got goin' on that day....will cause me to go into NOTO withdrawal. Oh! And who can forget the Panola hot sauce he uses! There is so much soul in this food and super flavor  shimp creole and a red bean and rice double meat.  all with french bread.  it's a ton of food but oh so good." "My boyfriend and I discuss food often and he talked about his place with reverence always.  Well OMG.. it REALLY is special.  A simple chicken poboy made right..  Dipping it into certain soups of the day (curry chicken and creole cheeseburger were my favorites).  We call them dipping sauces (lol) and have even gone so far as to plan a trip to Madison based on the soups that day.  And their etouffe labelled ""too hot to eat"" actually lives up to its name while still retaining seriously good flavor is another rare find indeed." Oyster Po'Boy is money.  Their bread is really good and the taste is unique. The Jambalaya is better than I've had in New Orleans. New Orleans Take out is one of the best values in the city. Can't say enough about it. For the people saying no place to sit. Are you sure you are rating the correct location? They had plenty of tables there complete with copies of the northside news paper "Went here for the first time last night. Thought i'd give it try based on the ratings. Im originally from the south so i was a little aprehensive about trying it "Stopped in today for the first time and it was great. Owner was friendly and the food was great. I ordered a crawfish poboy and the spicy chicken jambalaya. Both were top grade and addictive. The jazz that was playing was a nice touch while waiting. The open kitchen made it feel like home  NOTO is that kind of hole in the wall place that newcomers hesitate to try out.  My advice - do it!  As much as I love these sandwiches I hardly ever order them out anymore because I know they will never be as good as at New Orleans Take Out in Madison I love the food here. Love the vibe. Oh and if this review sounds similar to the one by Sheena F. it's because she's my sister. It's a family obsession." I love NOTO the shrimp Po'Boy has alway been my favorite item.  But the Crab Cakes are also excellent. The pimento cream sause is to die for. i cant say enough about this place. Have always been very satisfied!!! my whole family loves it. "Good shrimp jambalaya but great cornbread in a developing neighborhood.  A future spot on Food Network's Diners Been to New Orleans...this place is just as good as anything there.  Today's shrimp in cream sauce was outstanding.  my standard cajun dish.  It was quite good.  My brother had red beans and rice with sausage  but this place is one of the true gems in town all things-considered." Good food but totally overpriced. I'll definitely be making a stop here again whenever I'm in the Madison area for some good ol' N'Orleans style cookin'."  the quality was superior to what we get at our little dive joints. You can definitely see they emphasize flavor and texture Overall felt like the food lacked flavor. The jambalaya and gumbo seemed blah to both of us. The BBQ shrimp and cornbread were both good. The downtown establishment I have never had a bad dish from as a result we drive across the isthmus to get takeout which is a bit of a schlep so we order from them less often then we might otherwise." best place ever and good gumbo and chicken filet  but rather well seasoned food. Obviously the cook does not know that. The red beans had absolutely no flavor and tasted like they were just poured out of the can with no seasoning whatsoever. The shrimp creole was again overly spicy and the shrimp had a very strong smell to them. I think I may have actually gotten some food poisoning from them. Nothing had a cajun seasoning to it. Some things were bland with no flavor and the other things were overly salty and spicy. I like spicy foods "Owner says I am not Cajun. I was born and raised in Louisiana and now live in Illinois and go back to Louisiana at least once a year. All my family is still in Louisiana except my wife and kids which is why I live here. He claims cajun food and new orleans food are not the same  on the other hand had an absolutely pitiful shrimp Po Boy.  Big ole piece of bread  fries. Not quite what my granny used to make. But the dirty rice was spicy and I added it to the bland white rice and beans to add flavor to it. It was ok buy upset my stomach. Cornbread was dense and moist? Flavorless though. I wanted some warm buttery cornbread goodness. Nope. The fries and bbq sauce was all I liked in my order." I love this place!!!! It's an authentic hole in the wall kind if place with the best Cajun food in Wisconsin. I have been to New Orleans and eating here takes me right back! The food is fresh and delicious! My favorite way to treat myself. Highly recommend I just love this place. Nothing else like in Madison! "Can I give zero stars? I didn't even get to eat. As soon as we walked in the cashier looked at us and walked in the back and never came back out. The cooks were outside smoking and gossiping about the night before's drunk. This was at 6 pm. Prime dinner time. The tables were all dirty. The visible part of the kitchen was messy and cross contaminated. Overall love the too hot to eat shrimp etouffe favorite spicy dish in madison all the kinds of po boys ive tried have been very good could have better beverage selection i like the cornbread 4 *'s because it's my first time there and ""Yay! I'm a fan."" Hope to make it 5 after the next visit." "A Madison institution for all the right reasons. The soups are just perfect. Creole cheeseburger is one you should try. The Po boys  are my favorite. The rice and beans are overpriced. John is the original owner and totally legit. Place looks like a Louisiana dive I would definitely recommend this place and will be ordering again very soon."  with either the cornbread or the French bread. This reviewer would encourage seafood lovers to try this place (if you haven't yet). Visit the Fordem Avenue location and check out all the music legends who like this place."  it's far better than just 3 stars (Its OK) because it's better than OK. It's good." "Ok. I should've read deeper because it is a Vegan dirty rice. Having that pointed out to me The prices are obscene they cook in nasty old grease we had the fish and shrimp both were awful and not enough a two year old could prepare better food! We were Very disappointed and will not be going back. I can't wait to try the rest of their menu." This was absolutely delicious!  Tried a bunch of different things and it was fantastic!  I will be back and back often!  but delicious. I would recommend you get a half-serving of the touffe along with something else to moderate the spice. The gumbo is not quite as savory and flavorful as I would prefer "I am floored at the fact that there are a few people who said the food was ""flavorless."" They are ridiculous. I love the east side location. I get the crawfish etoufee with corn bread and extra rice because it's so spicy!!! But the flavor is unmatched. The spice is sinus clearing I'm from South Florida and we know good food so while in Wisconsin for training for work and wanted to eat really good food and this spot did not dissappoint. Although I couldn't try everything I did have the Etouff and as long as you like spice this is hands down 1 thing you need to order. Plus the employees are very pleasant people. Wish I had found this place early in my trip. Other favorites are the dirty rice and the barbecue beef po'boy. Yum! Nothing better than some NOTO eaten at James Madison Park or Observatory Drive on a beautiful summer day!" The reason why I gave three stars is because the food is slightly overpriced and the bread pudding was really disappointing. I got it because it was a New Orleans tradition but the bread pudding was hard and not very flavorful. I love dessert so if I get something disappointing I get kinda sad. But I would definitely recommend coming here for the main dishes!"  but the price of their red bean & rice is astronomical! Like movie theater popcorn prices!" "That was the worst meal we have ever gotten there...we have pictures of the aweful chicken with white rice and creole sause...the sauce was just tomatoes sauce with some hot sauce...we have never gotten such small wings ever.  We order once a week An ok restaurant. The food tastes pretty good. But not spectacular. (The sweet potato pecan pie is good; unique) Overpriced!!! Cashier was not friendly at all.  the meal satisfies.  I think they could let their hair down a little more by putting some riskier things on the menu.  Good selection of wines and beers Radio Maria has great and unique food! I went on a date here and absolutely loved it! Every dish is most likely something you would never think of creating but it will be soo good!  The selection of wines is excellent as well! "Nice restaurant in downtown Champaign.  Has a really nice atmosphere.  Good selection of wines.  I really wanted to like this place but in the end  I could never afford a real dinner experience here on my student budget.)"  walnuts=better than average.  then shared a few tapas with my friend.  we had the pita triangles with hummus and the tuna salad sandwich.  the portions were acurately small.  flavor was good but again AB5RgQ0ZnMThdqgFS3cPuw  but they are overpriced considering how little you get and that I could probably grill salmon and put it on a stick myself. The exception would have been if the little dishes displayed exceptional artistry UPDATE: Went to the tapas-bar portion of RM the other night and was really pleased with the dishes.  A few traditional tapas but mostly inventive twists using spanish ingredients  renovating a decrepit downtown location to expose the brick walls and original tin ceilings was a new idea. They kickstarted a great trend. Downtown Champaign wouldn't be what it is today without Radio Maria. I remember going to that space to pick out wallpaper with my mom and dad back in the 80's. Radio Maria is a vast improvement."  while the other is more casual and laid back. We sat across a huge purple bar. The menu was much different than I remembered.  Instead of entrees like half chickens with grilled plantains My bloody mary was top notch; I'll have to do some serious research to figure out whether it surpasses guido's for best bloody mary down town."  spend a few more dollars and get an exceptional meal   and some good servers.  Then things starting going south as more and more better-quality eating places opened downtown and elsewhere.  I feel they often try too hard with their entrees...too many conflicting influences and tastes.  I am all for fusion cuisine done well  which is a pretty good deal considering the quality of the food. The service has also always been good.  4-1/2 stars."  Radio Maria is not to be missed."  but it is an excellent addition to this fusion style restaurant. My favorites were the egg plant frittes and the seared scallops. Hopefully it won't be another 3 years until I am back!" Whether you're looking for a place to loosen your tie and grab a drink after work  but I AM willing to try their brunch and/or tapas  fashionable chefs always deliver. Expect to spend $60-$80 on food for 3 courses for 2 people in the restaurant  they have awesome sangria and great sunday brunch.  The fig appetizers on their dinner menu are fantastic The restaurant itself is still lovely. I just wish they'd shape up their staff so it wasn't so depressing to interact with them." Will prolly go back and hope that it's a little better. I really did like the atmosphere I would likely go back for the brunch  and lack character (a good example is the bar across from RM).  I make a point of going any time i pass through town and find myself craving Radio food when I'm away for too long."  but I wasn't in the mood for it.  I don't know if I would recommend this place.  Maybe once just to go...  but I think once is enough."  and it was delicious.  not very unique but good eats.  i came for dinner the same night and enjoyed the pan seared peppercorn crusted tuna which again was not a unique dish by any means but solidly executed.  i recently went back for the tapas - their piquillos rellenos were flavorful and the portobello entree was perfect.  what i admire about the food here is that they aren't scared of flavor  with their goat cheese boursin stuff in lots of things.  Another reason going there is their great bar that has a beer selection which will please anyone who is as geeky about american craft beer as I am :-)"  but their Valentine's Day Dinner left a very bad taste in my mouth and it wasn't the food.  Radio Maria is my favorite restaurant in Champaign.  The food is top-notch and the atmosphere is one of a kind.  But my wife and I had their Valentine's day menu this past weekend.  The food was great  not amazing but definitely among the better culinary experiences available in the Urbana-Champaign area.  One caveat is that the portions are rather small." if you want differential treatment AB5RgQ0ZnMThdqgFS3cPuw This could only be mistaken for sophistication by people who have never been anywhere sophisticated.  Stay away!"  we just don't have the variety (and therefore competition) to create a large foody restaurant culture. I also think they need to stop being so negative. I've had a lovely meal and experience every time I've been to RM; I believe you get out of a place what you put into it (as long as it's moderately good I will certainly try out lunch here at some point.  In the meantime My only complaint is that the service was painfully slow.  There seemed to be one server for the entire place.  We sat there forever just waiting to order our food.  Not the type of place to go to if you are in the rush Our lovely brunch was reasonably priced as well.  I treated my two friends (yeah The best part about Radio Maria is at night; not content with being just a cultured restaurant  but in hindsight it's the too cool for school attitude of the waitstaff that stands out in my mind  but my friends say they have one of the best-stocked bars in town and the weeknight bartender is excellent." Will we go back?  Well....no." The sangria here is awful. I think it was a tequila sunrise. The food is greasy and not in a good way. The only thing good was the goat cheese. But it is goat cheese. How can you mess that up?  this is one of the best ""date places"" in Champaign.  The food is amazing and priced very well.  The bar is a blast and the staff is very friendly."  but for now I'm giving 2 stars (4 for the restaurant + 1 for tapas)/2 = 2 when rounding down)." "I am straight up in LOVE with the fried goat cheese balls at radio maria. i was super excited to go and enjoy some of the deliciousness that is the food  so that may be why I can't give them a decent description. The cheesecake was delicious. I drank orange frescas Good atmosphere but the food is overpriced and midiocre.  I had a collection of appetizers at the bar that were not large enough portions.  We were ignored by the bartender for quite a long time as well; and the place was almost empty. Highly recommend the pita chips and hummus. The chips were thick I'm always pleased with the specials.  The service is attentive without being overbearing.  I would recommend RM for couples wanting a nice dinner out." We'll definitely be going back and try some other things.  Radio Maria's has a pretty extensive breakfast and lunch menu."  but it is not as consistent as it was a few years back."  beer and food without the snobby attitude usually associated with such quality." "My meal here was phenomenal. I got the Masa Boat Surprise. My wife got the fish tacos. The masa boat was nothing short of amazing. It looks beautiful before you start eating Quick tip to first-time diners: Free parking is kitty-corner to the restaurant in a third-party lot. Spaces numbered 1 through 30 are reserved for this restaurant's patrons."  I hoped the tonic wasn't as flat and flavorless as the last time. It was. I ordered a Bell's HopSlam the next moment I saw the waitress  don't loose heart - it is way better than some chain restaurant - it doesn't suck.  I can see that a lot of people are eating there  dcor-wise--it's the kind of place you walk into and expect to be treated with a bit of a condescending attitude by the staff. But thankfully this was not the case! We made our way to the bar where we were greeted by a friendly barman who presented us with a very nice cocktail list while we waited for a table. I chose the Dark and Stormy I didn't think Champaign had cool restaurants with awesome food...was I ever wrong!" The parking lot attendant was rude. Couldn't wait in my car to wait for my friend to arrive. Made me not want to go into the restaurant  it's a great spot to go on a date. Everything I've had there was suuuuper delicious. I also love their specials and they seem to have new ones all the time."  this is a great way to learn about beer and get drunked. 3) Their kitchen stays open all night. 'nuff said. 4) Radio is one of the very best places to sit outside on a nice summer night. Get a table at dusk "Nothing at this restaurant warrants the cost. The tapas servings are tiny (for tapas); brunch is inventive but disappoints. The staff always act like you're wasting their time. This place sells an image of Euro-trendiness  there was a good amount of duck on the pizza but the whole time I was craving more brie!!  They could have seriously doubled the amount of brie on the pizza and it still might not have been enough If you are trying to go there for good drinks this is an OK place to go to but the food was horrible. The tapas ceviche was $10 which came with 4 shrimp and was topped with popcorn (I have no idea why). If they were trying to go for fun and innovative food this place completely missed the mark. The potatoes and chorizo came in an extremely small portions and where bland. Not to mention the paella which was $25 and the rice was not well cooked. This place takes small portions to a new level. Overall I left that place with $80 less and still hungry. Not worth the money and the food was a complete disappointment. The only reason this place is getting two stars is because of their drinks." They clearly know a thing or two about food in the way they pair ingredients most of the time but sometimes it's a miss. To some degree  and the portions were small. I feel like that summarizes this restaurant adequately. Better places out there. ESPECIALLY for mexican food." Always a good place to go with friends/family from out of town for it's vegetarian friendly menu. Overall it was an amazing dinner. Go to Radio Maria and order their dinner specials. You will not be disappointed."  I don't see how they can continue this based on anything but location and alcohol.  Pity to see an old favorite fall this far."  and The Virginia theatre. VERY highly recommended!"  but the potatoes were AMAZING!  They were crispy and had a delicious flavor because they were hickory smoked.  They also came with a delicate drizzle of the most delicious sauce  4 stars. Take your date here. He/she will thank you."  it started out wrong.  The employee seating us went to get us a table and was sidetracked by another employee at the entrance to the dining room and let us wait for at least 7 min. while he carried on an obvious flirtation/personal conversation with the other employee.  He finally looked away and saw us standing at the front door and that reminded him that we were still waiting.  I'm a relatively patient person but I was considering walking out at eating next door at Bacaro at that point - not because the wait was so long  the entrees were good enough to warrant a return trip.  Hopefully on my next trip to Chambana the kitchen will be less burdened and I'll be able to enjoy my meal at a slightly less leisurely pace."  and the only poor experience I had there is when our server brought me a splash of Tempranillo to be passed off as the glass of wine I ordered.  This was a one time fluke Service was a little slow but great food and an interesting atmosphere.  but worth the money. I think that it is a great place to relax and spend some time with some great food."  and angels singing to you as wish that the chef could accompany you along the path of life." "A grad school fav... This place has stood the test of time  I was one of six sitting at the bar. Two bartenders and 1-2 servers were working and it still took them 20 minutes to take my order. With the downtown Champaign scene evolving  it was a Saturday night.  The server was personable and ready to provide recommendations though.  The place itself is beautiful and modern Huge wine list. Great service.  Brunch menu is fantastic.  Love the Masa boat and the Mexican Cofee! The service was good.  I would suggest going here for brunch.  Dinner is also good I had the brunch and enjoyed it thoroughly. My friend took his gf here and said he blew 30 bucks each on a small portioned steak dinner and sides. Moral of the story: Come here for Brunch and not dinner. I have tried Radio Maria on visits to CU. The kitchen is inconsistent to the point you flip a coin and gamble I guess. Lunch on one trip was nothing short of inedible. Dinner one night was nice but over priced.  but other than that I try to steer clear of RM and either go to Carmons for food or Quality to drink. The food seems uninspired and the quality of ingredients is average. I do like the decor of the bar. What happened to this place?"  especially because we saw these beakers mounted to the wall in the bar area Forgot to mention  the interior design of this place was very attractive and comfortable"  and fast. I had the Smoked Pork Torta and it was fantastic. The only minor complaint is that the mojito was too sweet and overpriced for the size. Would like to go back again." "Unique place.  You won't find anything like it.  Has a full resturant and a apas bar.  Great food  or myself believe the reason that this place gets any business is because their bar service on the patio after dark." Had brunch there on Sunday with 8 people.  1 vegetarian and 1 very picky eater.  We loved it.  Everything was spectacular.  Only downfall - not enough of the potatoes which were incredible!  Had the smoked trout omelette which was soooo good.  and not at all a traditional paella. Perhaps they were trying to be creative  this food is nowhere near ""normal bar food"".  The sea scallops and the seared tuna will make you crave more.  The bartender can accomodate any request  a good meal.  We have eaten here twice  we will be stopping back next time we are able to come through Champaign!"  just right for me. Their seafood is nice and fresh and the chocolate molten is a good finish for the meal.  I like the vibe in the restaurant and the outdoor seating is a plus to the the restaurant" Restaurant seems to run pretty smoothly...service was decent as well."  love the atmosphere.  Ate off the Tapas Menu....Food was the best!!! The Scallops melted in your mouth! Wine was great...service was great!  Can't wait to go back!" AB5RgQ0ZnMThdqgFS3cPuw I am having a hard time deciding between giving Radio Maria two and three stars.  Ultimately I decided on three stars because the service is decent.  The food is nothing to write home about.  We had a couple of appetizers that took a long time to bring to our table.  Our server was pleasant but seemed bored and/or distracted.  I don't plan on going back any time soon.  There are several other places downtown that are much better (i.e. Big Grove and Bacarro).  Not a bad place but not great either. "Great vegetarian options and large beer selection! Highly recommend! Heard there was salsa dancing in the evening on Saturdays as well The food was good but each dish was made for two people rather than four. As we were finishing our plates  as were the beignets. The tart was made of corn bread and I don't know that I've ever had a more dried out piece of corn bread in my life. It totally overshadowed the crab. The beignets were huge Our overall rating of the restaurant is 2-star."  my friend asked her about the gelatos of the day and she did not know what they were. My friend decided to order them anyway. The dessert took 20 minutes to come out and when the waitress brought it I feel like Radio can't decide what it is. A fancy drink bar? A tapas bar? A haute cuisine restaurant? It does all those things fairly well This is definitely a place to check out downtown.  An interesting mix of different bar and restaurant concepts.  Good beer So grab a group of friends and head over to Radio Maria soon; the availability of food at all hours makes it a great place to start or end a night downtown!"  it is unlikely I would go back to Radio Maria or even recommend it to other people.  I will be here for several more months while I study for the bar and even though I always thought of this place as one of the nicer restaurants in town  and efficient wait staff. The food is always amazing and the drinks are delicious. Brunch is especially delectable." Seems like the only Spanish restaurant in C-U area? Foods are good. But the price is a little bit high since it locates at downtown Champaign.  and my friend got the lobster omelet. The beer bread and potatoes that come with the omelet were so good! We also tried the mexican coffee. It doesn't taste that good with the food. It tastes better on its own. It's something you won't regret trying. It's sweet and has a strong cinnamon flavor. Service was pretty slow Definetely one of the best places downtown. Unlike that filthy cowboy monkey." Enjoy the brunch here on Sundays but that is usually the only time we eat here. The Lloyds omelet is great and you can sub grits or a biscuit for beer bread if you ask. Good draft beer selection.  50/50 good bad. This was my second visit and I definitely trust Radio Maria for a night out dining."  even for a vegetarian like myself. I can't get enough of this place. I will say that the service was nothing to rave about - but it wasn't horrible. It also can be difficult to get a reservation/table on many nights - but that's a testament to how great it is." I believe they got a new chef semi recently... Didn't think much of this place a few years ago but now think it's one of the best spots for a good dinner in c-u  can get really pricy for the portion sizes. This is what tapas is about I suppose The service was incredibly slow. It took at least an hour to get our food. Biggest complaint of the night  I felt others were very overpriced ($13 for basically four bites of salmon)." By far our favorite spot we've eaten at so far in Champaign. Our server was a little strange - definitely new to the job - but the food was excellent and the service was completely reasonable. Very large beer selection as well. Highly recommend - we'll be back!! -Would definitely return! Especially for date night  unique food. Awesome atmosphere. The hummus is fantastic 9wgA-ExyfuqA_r_pDrcONg  a little pricey but worth it for a nice dinner out"  not excellent. Prices seem high for the quantity and quality you get. The bar and wait staff could all really use a lesson on wine - I believe I overheard 4 staff persons who could not respond on their own to questions about wine. Fun atmosphere and decor."  as were the mango mimosas! Would absolutely go back" "One of the best restaurants in town. Eggplant Frites-yum! Great date spot. You can choose from the casual ""lounge"" area or they have a more formal dining room for seating! Service can be ""meh"" at times but the bartenders are always on point. They'll mix up anything for you I can't think of anything I didn't like at Radio Maria and would strongly recommend it!" "Brunch was delicious!  I enjoyed the scrambler - all components were cooked perfectly.  Loved the beer bread.  Others in the party recommended the omelets as well.  Generous portions Order the coffee rubbed filet - you will not be disappointed. I have had it 3 times in the past 5 years and it continues to be outstanding. 3 of our 4 diners ordered it - all had spotless plates.  and pork tacos. They also have charcuterie and cheese plate type tapas dishes that work very well as starters. The wine and beer selections are also substantially larger than the average restaurant. Anyone visiting Champaign or locals that have never been to Radio Maria should definitely give it a shot." We really enjoy this place.  Service is great.  The Sunday bartender makes the best bloody Mary's and the food is not bad as well.  We have tried several different things on the Sunday breakfast menu and have not been disappointed.  We usually sit at the bar so we see all the servers.  All are very nice and friendly.  Things appear to move quickly and efficiently from the kitchen  but the decor is great and service has generally been strong."  Radio Maria is definitely on my go-to list." Addicting Brunch. MANY veggie options "First time here...and I've heard great things about this place. First impressions were pretty good....the ambiance was good and the restaurant had a good amount of people. We started off ordering a tapas as our appetizer...the apple salad. It was very disappointing. The apples were not cut to order and were not crisp even though it was stored in a container of lemon juice. The bacon was not reheated...I mean who likes cold bacon? For pur entrees we ordered the scallops and duck meatloaf. The scallops were good however I personally didnt appreciate the jam that went with it...could have done with a spicy savory sauce. The duck was unknowingly served with the same exact jam. It was a tad too sweet for our tastes  the atmosphere was okay. The food was awful.  Everything contained way too much garlic. You could smell and taste the garlic in everything. I think it's an okay place to grab drinks and sit outside on a nice evening -My omelette was far too salty."  and was decorated with interesting Hispanic things that created an unique atmosphere that made it ideal for 1 on 1 dining. Definitely would return to this place next time I am in town." I ordered huevos rancheros with chorizo which is something I thought was hard to mess up. After the wait I was expecting greatness but this restaurant did not deliver. Eggs were over salted and the presentation was not appealing. Don't think I'll be back again." Overall... meh. I could overlook the service issues if the food were truly crave-worthy  I don't think you'll be disappointed here. Solid 4/5" We went there for dinner and heard that the tapas plates weren't worth the money so we went with full sized entrees. Every dish was delicious and the flavors are surprisingly good for being in a small town. They have an array of holiday drinks that weren't bad. Pricey for being on a college student budget but delicious nonetheless  the rice still comes back partially done. We ended up canceling the order. This is unbelievable. It seems that they cannot manage to get the rice cooked and the chef failed to solve the problem! We were very disappointed at the paella and will definitely not come back to the restaurant again!" "This place is pretty awesome in downtown Champaign.  I had the torta maria out of sheer curiosity for what sweet potatoes  but they were good. Brunch was awesome though. Small menu but so delicious. In summer you can sit outside and it is something I will definitely repeat." "Love their sides!!! Corn bread..cinnamon cake..fried banana...French toast!!! We almost ordered all the sides!!!! I love the cream cheese on the cinnamon cake!! God!!!it was fabulous!!!! And for the drinks..Turkish coffee tastes just like unmelted sugared Americano.....lol...My cousin and I shared salmon omelette  the adventurous one and biscuits and gravy for my boyfriend. The Flaming Frida is delicious. Don't waste your time on the bloody mary bar. They never have any garnishes that are worth the money - no meats and cheeses here. Thats my main complaint  but I enjoy their brunch. It is likely the best brunch in Champaign-Urbana. The french toast is a huge serving and delicious. The omelettes are nice as well. To avoid a long wait on the weekends  tapas and entrees represented...all were excellent.  Seems like this is a never miss option for a great time in a cool atmosphere with tasty food and drinks!"  goat cheese. This place was out of this world with the creativeness of the appetizers. I'd definitely go back there and continue to explore their menu. The drinks were very good and from what I can remember there's more I need to explore on that front also!"  one bizarre thing that I can't get past - their cheese plates. Who puts feta on a cheese plate? There are lots of good cheeses around this area  but they fixed them immediately & were very nice. Very pricey For dessert we got the bread pudding.  It was a solid if unexciting example of the form. The cherries were quite nice One complaint is that the menu is rarely updated. The last time we went they added an acorn squash risotto to the appetizer list and it was fabulous but new items are super rare." I had a great experience. The food and drinks were great. The ambience was great. The waitress was very attentive to the party. Very eclectic and interesting food and drink choices. Especially the Tapas. Tapas Bar! Sat at the bar with a friend and the bar tender was AWESOME! He was so nice and let us try a bunch of wines until we liked one. The ambiance was great because it was dark with cool lighting. It was open late which worked because it's a quiet town. Highly recommend this place! "" but your meal will be ten times as good. Getting there at 10:30 on a weekend morning and sitting outside off North Walnut Street is a pleasure unique to Champaign "Radio Maria is typically open at 4 on Sunday's. I made my graduation dinner for 4:00 A MONTH AGO and am just being told four days before my graduation that their kitchen won't even be opening until 5... Therefore leaving a bunch of reservations at a complete loss. For a restaurant they exhibit AWFUL hospitality given that they are typically open at a specific time each Sunday. When asked why they didn't call sooner they mentioned that they just ""didn't realize."" This is humorous given that they double booked reservations two years ago on graduation weekend and bumped probably even more people. They clearly need to get their management/ organization in check. They have completely put a hopeful customer at a loss  in a moderately busy bar for a whiskey soda (don't judge us for loving whiskey. It's always 5pm on Sunday Funday). No biggie though. My steak and poached eggs were not hot when delivered to my table. No biggie though. But when one of my girlfriends ordered a salad with slide of shrimp and was brought 2 shrimp ... like what?? (Look at the picture!) In what restaurant world is this ok? $3 for 2 shrimp? They should have brought her 3 oz of shrimp (an actual serving) for whatever the cost. But 2 shrimp? Don't be petty. That's so petty The food seems extremely simple for their prices. I have eaten brunch and dinner here and the food is really not that amazing.   The drinks are always good and I never go downtown without having a little white lie!  or stopped by at 1 am drunk as a night-cap.  It's a very versatile place that can appeal to a variety of tastes.  Definitely the most unique place in town  quick. We were in before dinner norm hours.  Small portion on garlic shrimp  "I had a boss who was obsessed with this place.  They have good hummus and I like the fried plantains.  Otherwise "Best unique and fancy restaurant I've been to in downtown champaign. Service was excellent. Interior decor was vintage/very dark (the more difficult it is to see your food  I would recommend the pesto omelette!! If you go there at night you've got to try a beer that you have never had. Love the selection and proves are reasonable." I really need to try their tapas and meats. I have a feeling I'm gonna bump this up to four stars when I do that!" "" but I was not quite as impressed. Got the vegetarian paella and fried chickpeas. Neither were as flavorful as I would have expected. The chickpeas were dry and bland and I normally love chickpeas! Would get the paella again  so I would make this the place to go when you want to treat yourself."  I'd say Radio Maria has a lovely atmosphere and great food. Even if it is crowded and the service is slow  I make it a point to swing by Radio Maria. Really great food and some great options if you're a vegetarian." "Food and atmosphere was excellent. Wife and I went with another couple and the food was great Not my first time here and not a best either." What a gem! This is our new fav spot when we come to town. Thanks to all for wonderful food and service! s2XtSlslD9c-e59_IVC0tA The food was good. The Migas were crispy because of the cooked in tortilla strips.  It was a good amount of food and very tasty.  I would definitely be willing to try Radio Maria again if I was in the area.  Hopefully the slow service was just a fluke (I got the feeling the waiter was new as he couldn't tell us anything about their waffles as he hadn't seen them yet...)."  a drink and a dessert. The check arrived and I felt disheartened by the total which was 70$+ for two still very hungry people with the worst part being that I rarely complain about the smallness of food portions P.S. I've heard from a number of sources that their weekend brunch is both delicious and slightly more affordable than their regular weekday selections. If/when I verify this I'll make sure to update my review."  was a little lacking.  The servers were not all that attentive to our needs and our drinks were never refilled through the meal.  This place is a local favorite and definitely somewhere to visit."  patient and polite. I had the lobster omelette and my daughter had the lobster eggs Benedict. I would only suggest that they increase the lobster to other meats ratio in their omelettes. The greatest discovery was their Mexican coffee which reminded me of a blend I drank before in my home country of Guatemala. Thanks Radio Maria Prices: Pretty expensive for the amount of food you're getting"  and the food is great. All of it. Brunch especially--I got the pulled pork sandwich with sauted kale "Had brunch here and was recommended lobster eggs benedict. Their Hollander sauce was pretty good but the dish wasn't anything exceptional and the portion was really small. For a $13 brunch dish "I came here for brunch on a Sunday morning. The wait wasn't too bad for two people close to noon. There are tons of delicious sounding options on their breakfast menu  but the food is delicious. Such a fun place to have tapas. The paella is a MUST."  always have always will speaking of Will really disappointed to know he no longer works there def a huge loss he was a great server. Glad to know Doug and Steph are still there. They make great drinks and are great for business. Food is good I like the changing menu. Can't go wrong with the fried goat cheese!"  though! They also have great wine specials and the tapas is worth the price. Radio is definitely one of my favorite regular places."  this is the closest thing to a Spanish or Latin American style tapas-and-wine experience. The tapas are great The tapas menu is really good... and the ambience is really good. Choose a different drink or a different place if you're in the market for Bloody Mary." Overall the service is alright and the ambience is really adaptable - I've come here for team dinners  decent service. Took us a while to get our food but when it came it was excellent. Portions are great and very filling. I had the breakfast burrito and it was massive; it was like a shoe horn for my intestines. I've been on the toilet since I got home and I feel great. Great atmosphere too! Would definitely recommend this place."   and especially this place.  I felt like I was back home in Chicago and not a college town.  This restaurant was just add good as the better places at home.  The dishes were original and delicious with fresh ingredients and flavor.  This will be a restaurant i will visit next time I'm here." I went for brunch and got the migas dish. It was very flavorful. I really liked the table and overall interior decorations- very old-timey and vintage. I would definitely come again! AB5RgQ0ZnMThdqgFS3cPuw A gem in Champaign! If you love Spanish cuisine then give this place a try! My favorite restaurant to date! Just got up and walked out on Mother's Day. Thanks Radio."  the hostess still hasn't seated us. Her attitude was despicable and she insisted that reservation only means that you get priority over walk-ins and NOT a seat of your reserved time. Does she not know what the word reservation mean??? The point of making a reservation is getting a table at the reserved time!" The food was amazing we had Pork Tacos !!  So delish!  I had the ""Sea Glass"" Pinot which is new for me but so smooth and pleasing.  There was a guy in the corner which started putting on some enticing music!  Our Bartender was on top of it!!  I just can't recommend this place more highly!!  Check it out!!"  but subject to inconsistent execution. Some of the menu dishes are downright bad by any standard. A vanilla cream sauce doesn't complement goat cheese 