I use this place for my personal and business needs . Great location and huge selection of candy and tabacco . Buy in bulk or individual items. The employees are genuine and have that no bs attitude that I love . "I come here specifically for boxes of Now and Laters to recall my childhood. They have a great selection of candy and have some rare old school production candy .... Candy Cigarettes any one? A lot of people seem to come here for their cigarettes. I think they also have hard to find brands of smokes. If you have a need for for big packages of candy  a sign on the front said that it was closed permanently."  calories don't count) because they are located across from Lotus market and next door to McDonald's.  After Candy Warehouse closed I had to try to find places that sold the real Swedish Fish (not the stuff that has a higher paraffin   wax content) and Delfa Rolls.  They had both plus almost every other candy you could want including Whatchamacallit  i'd still say they are particularly swell.  i ran in quickly to grab a gift and got seduced by a peanut butter button.  i had never seen this thing before but was offered one to sample; a delicious mixture of peanut butter and confectioner's sugar covered in milk chocolate...this led to a purchase...which led to more consumption than was necessary throughout the day...a discussion of the button over dinner with our very swanky friends...and finally a craving for the rest of the buttons which are waiting patiently for me at work...if you give a girl a chocolate..." My dad always used to come in here to get our Valentines Day chocolates as kids and I occasionally remember going in with him. Turtles ftw! cMJL8kZOF0VsYMhM2DKkBw "So good! The hostess mints are magical. That's all I want now and forever. Caramels and pecan clusters are also the jam. If you're in the mood for chocolate Those are memories from my childhood.  I stopped in here and got a bag of my favorites.  This store isn't even in the same area code as the one I frequented with my grandfather but that didn't matter - it took me right back..."  she has a large a out of tattoos on her left arm and had multiple colors in her hair like pinks and blues. My husband and I walked in separately since he was getting me candy too  lack of free wireless makes academic types very sad. Nearly every other coffee shop around has wireless "fun place to stop for a treat if you're trecking across campus.  perfectly located just off the quad on wright st.  pretty good flavor and rather fresh.  they stopped making my favorite  piece in their collection; the earl grey truffle The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that it is a bit over priced. $10 for 4 chocolates. Know what you're getting into." "This place has a variety of exotic drinks and chocolates but it is kinda pricey. I could have gotten better chocolates at that price elsewhere because theirs taste like Hershey's. The drinks are worth trying but it is not great. I love that they have a nice view from the second storey especially but they DO NOT offer free wi-fi. So  I'll be both! Their dark chocolate bars are pretty cheap and pretty yummy. I think I'm going to make this a regular pit stop from now on. The guy at the counter's pretty nice and patient too... though I guess this is the trend in small towns like Champaign."  I just remembered that the last time I was pulled in there by my fiancee because she ""had to have something sweet"" I went to sit down in one of the big chairs to wait for her and there was melted chocolate all over it. Not cool."  no wi-fi.  Are coffee places even allowed to not have wireless anymore?" "Bittersweet review.. I loved Moonstruck!!!!  I really missed having a chocolate cafe around when I left Champaign.. I loved the dark chocolate circles resting on the pillow of whipped cream floating on a dark chocolate heaven of delicious creamy liquidy chocolatey goodness.  I also loved the times when I was able to indulge in an expensive bite of a chocolate truffle (especially loved that dark chocolate truffle shaped like a cute little dog).  I had discovered there was one in San Francisco  but I can't give it any stars any more because it's closed!  That seemed kind of sudden!  I wonder what happened / what is going to go in there instead.  Panera pleeeaaasssseeeee." What?????  Moonstruck is closed?????????  That was my favorite date place ever!  Their vanilla icecream sundaes with chocolate fudge are to die for... no joke!!  I will never find a place that even comes close to how amazing their sundaes are when I'm on my cute lil dates with my boyfriend.  I never want to go on another date again =(  your'e like that kid in high school I felt ambivalent about only to find out he's now in jail.  I'm sad for you  some decorations and balloons. The staff is friendly and helpful. Even though this store is bright fuchsia it's still hard to miss so keep your eyes peeled when driving by."  many in bulk. The staff is always friendly and helpful. I come here and I stock up on my favorite snacks I totally dislike this candy store to begaig with i went to this place 5 minutes before they close and the open sign wasn on.  They said its close come back tomorrow at 9am I went next day at 9am but it was still close never open waited there for 30 minutes and  I went to another candy store the name is Mayra's the lady was very helpful and nice!!!!!!! and thanks for letting me express my self......  disrespectfull and unhelpfull. The tables were dirty and breaking apart the chairs were filthy. I agree with the previous comment that the pinatas are nice and sturdy but thats about it."  Mexican Sun Hats or Non FDA Approved Drugs this is your place. I have found myself spending a good 30 minutes perusing stuff that any middle aged Irishman needs. I have pleased many family and friends with Pico Rico Birthday Plates!!" ypj60fU8wsiOkMjxayBgGg "DO NOT BUY from here! I preordered a piata a month prior the occasion and PAID for it. I called to check on my order  and I would consider giving the create your own box of chocolate card as a present  they have to be amped up on sugar. What else is their to nibble on? Great service. Great candy. Great location. But where was the See's Candy professional to slap that 14th piece of candy out of my hand last night as I slipped into my my milk chocolate coma on my 600 thread count sheets  they have to be if you ever watched some people pick out a box of candy. I would be slapping them up against the wall. It is a nice open store with an abundance of product all of which I have eaten much too much over the years. I love the chocolate but I crave the peanut brittle it has to be taken away from me in order not to eat until I puke."  this I have always known. But the last time I was there they asked after I said we did not have the discount if I was a veteran. Wow discounts count whodathunk  this place is awesome because right when you walk in they have free samples! The store was very clean and the people who work here are exceptionally nice. I wanted to buy a Bordeaux bar (for my mom - its her fave). The girl behind the candy counter gave me a few Bordeaux samples since they were all sold out of the prepackaged ones. They offer city employees Keep up the fantastic work and the product you have there!" I love that they ALWAYS give you free chocolate and have amazing customer service all around. It is so much fun to go and hand pick a few treats for me and the roomies. The quality and uniqueness of their offerings make it definitely worth the trip. If you love chocolate then you should be asking yourself why you haven't stopped in before now. I am eating a pumpkin pie truffle right now that is rockin' my world Traveling back through my childhood by writing about these exceptional chocolates has made me realize something: these are some of the best truffles I've ever had Their peanut butter patties are the only chocolate peanut butter treat that fill my intense longing for my favorite girl scout cookies Lots of parking outside as well." Prices are great. We got 4 truffles for less than $3. In terms of quality  gotta keep the sweets on close watch ;) id return for more chocolates"  older lady at this location and much better reviews.  Purchased a 2 pound box of turtles.  She will love them. Which makes the drive totally worth it." Make sure to check if your employer is on their list to receive discounts I walked into See's for the first time since my childhood yesterday and was immediately greeted with a warm smile and shortly after another girl rushed over to me and handed me a sample chocolate with a smile. I told the lady I was looking for an anniversary gift and she showed and explained to me everything they had and helped me find the perfect gift and wrapped it so beautifully for me. I picked up some lollipops I remember loving so much when I was little and when ringing up at the register the lady who was helping me made sure I was happy with how she wrapped my gift and sent me off with more samples. such a wonderful experience and I'm so grateful for the wonderful lady's help making such a beautiful present. I can't wait to come back and pick up my favorite candies on a  regular basis from now on! thank you so much to all the wonderful ladies at See's! Thumbs up for great customer service in a world where it become more and more evasive." "Always an Incredible Pound of Chocolates and Candy ($17.85 Per Pound at this  Location.)  My favorites include:  Milk Chocolate's -  Peanut Butter Pattie You can't always believe what you read on the Internet.It says that the store on Camelback and Central is permanently closed.NOT.I CALLED AND THEY ARE OPEN.WE ARE ON OUR WAY.  love their fudge. They also have a nice variety of gift baskets and other items on their website." Their cinnamon almonds are to die for!! The fudge is awesome too! You can find these at your local Spouts and Costco but I was pleased to find out that these can be purchased as gifts on their website!" wxPOlYC155x-RLfk1kVdfw "The store is small and uncomfortable  I obsess about bringing back the perfect regional souvenirs and foodie items for family and friends.  We're living in the Phoenix area for a few months and I wanted to send small and inexpensive Arizona-esque little gifts to my son's preschool class in VA.  The sample sized candies are perfect and they sell them in bulk bags of 30 in the store. The store itself is a hole in the wall "Cactus candy is awesome. I always get some when in Phoenix since it is a very unique treat and always is welcome back home. They use the juice of the prickly pear cactus fruit to make a jellied candy which has a great sweet-tart taste. This location is the factory store which makes all the candies sold all over Arizona. It is very bare bones  friendly and personable staff. I tried some today for the first time so good!!!" I take family here when they visit so they get the real taste of Arizona!"  but their prices are a bit high.  You do get a quality product Before you go and spend bucks at other candy places. Don't forget about Sees Everything we brought home was really really good. I will miss this place but I am sure my waist won't."  one of See's trademarks is to offer everyone a sample.  What you may not know is that the clerks are given at least two or three truffle selections to choose from "No complaints. Always excellent quality. Great service. And when there are crowds due to an upcoming holiday  service & atmosphere. And free samples just make me so happy! Raspberry cream truffle is to die for!" Best homemade from scratch candy. The definite must try.  my mother bought several Kinds of Easter Candy that were always in the basket. Then she continued the tradition with my children. My mother passed away 8 years ago and this year I suddenly remembered the candies. I went in last week and immediately spotted the candies. The service was delightful and they seemed happy to help a newcomer. I mailed all the candies to my grown children who were delighted with the memories created of their beloved Grandmother. I'm really happy that I sauntered in and I plan to continue the tradition as well as starting some new ones." I love this little store and have for many years. Those chocolates are totally worth some extra calories!" "See's has been my favorite boxed candy since I was little. It's so good and the recipes haven't changed (unlike Fannie May...  which is now yuck). My top 4 favorites are Dark Bordeaux  if I was in the area and craving candy Our favorites are the milk chocolate Bordeaux and the orange cream."  and butterscotch squares.  I love that they still give out a free sample.  I have been to really pricey chocolate shops and they do not give out samples.  See's treats their customers well.  One of my favorites!" Friendly staff who are also very informative about storing and gifting the chocolates. Clean store in a convenient location on the outskirts of PV Mall. 