"I recently purchased a new Prius at Rohrich Toyota. This was by the far smoothest new car purchase I have experienced. The salesman Purchased a '12 Prius. Have been in for 2 scheduled maintenance services and am very satisfied. "I recently took my Prius (purchased out of state) to Rorich for a new side mirror after I hit mine on my garage door (oops). It was the best car repair experience I've ever had. For both the estimate and the repair itself "I had a wonderful experience at Rohrich Toyota.  I bought a Prius at a fair price and was given much more for my trade in than any of the other two dealers I had visited.  They delivered the vehicle on time and made the paperwork fast I only go there due to convenience to my home. They are good rated but after last night's event much leaves to be desired." I liked the fact that my service visit was free and that my car was ready within the specified time frames The sales team worked with me to trade a car that needed work and put me into the car I always wanted for a price I could afford.  Talk to Jeff and Dom they are Awesome!  I waited for the car instead of taking the offered shuttle back and forth.  The lounge was nice. The snacks were good.  The new cars were tempting. The car was finished before I did any damage to my wallet in the showroom. Repair costs were very reasonable."  but the brakes on this one needed work - very slow response to stop. Then I looked at a Rav4. The first thing I noticed was dog hair on the interior surfaces. I'm surprised that seemingly simple things like brakes and cleanliness would not have been checked and fixed before putting the vehicles on the lot; my confidence was not inspired. I did like the drive course they used because it included big hills and bumps (sure  then made to sit and wait for pricing for more than 20 minutes  unbelievably unprofessional. Sadly I will never purchase a vehicle here again because of this experience . Also makes me wonder if they would've redone the sevice order for my wife if she was the only one to show up since the order is in her name."  all of my questions where answered in a timely manner and with exact information there was no run around.  I had been to several other dealerships and can say I was over the moon about buying my car from such a wonderful group of people. Each of you made my car buying experience truly amazing!  I could not be more happy with my first ever brand new car!  Thank you Paul  and I ended up with an amazingly great vehicle and financing package. I'm fortunate to live close to Rohrich and I look forward to working with them more in the future. If you want an honest dealership I am glad we checked out this dealership - would definitely recommend it if you are looking for a Toyota vehicle." Sales & Finance - Paul and Rich were also great and have been there since purchase. They didn't just disappear since the sale was complete. Very cool to see folks who care. Thanks to all!!!" So friendly and helpful. I never feel like I'm being taken advantage here! The staff is wonderful and I wouldn't take my car anywhere else in Pittsburgh.  uncomplicated service visit that was rendered quickly and at the scheduled time. The internet cafe waiting area is ideal for you to get some work done while you wait My wife and I like the personnel at Rohrich from the sales staff to the service people. This is our 5th Toyota in the 10 years. Great experience! I've talked with several dealers for different brands and the speed and quality of service I received at Rohrich was very important in my decision. I got a great deal and they made a lot of effort to give be a good price and financing option. Rohrich Toyota is a joke of a dealership. Don't waste your time and money here. Pittsburgh is full of dealerships I would gladly buy another car from them!" Very professional crew. They quickly and efficiently did the service I went for despite me being a bit late and keeping them late to finish.  the sales people are amazing the service guys make sure you are getting everything you need and when you need to be back for the next thing... and the services people are quick they always say longer than they really are"  too. My experience with the woman who helped me sign all the paperwork was great. Everyone else at the dealership was friendly  Rohrich could care less and makes just about the same amount of effort to help you out." "Very fast. Had a little trouble finding the place. Waiting room nice Everyone I dealt with was professional & courteous. My services were completed in a timely manner! I would definitely recommend Rorich Toyota!  but that cost $91.00 . So I said forget it I'll clean them myself and he said you still owe us $80 for a failed inspection. ( for dirt!!!) I will never give them my business again all I can hope is that this review deters enough people to cost them a hundred times that $91.00 to clean my brakes ... Do yourself a favor and find a good garage who will be happy to have you as a repeat customer and won't try to nickel and dime you to death it'll be worth it trust me. Right here rohrich toyota never again"  somewhere in between the tire coming off and them lying about fixing the wheel. This led to my posting here: this dealership misrepresented the condition of the car I am not a customer of Mt Holly Chevrolet because I didn't make it that far.  I consider it a blessing that it didn't work out.  Could not get responses to emails--even to finalize a deal that had already been offered to us while at their dealership.  They retracted offer.  Very unprofessional.  And this was from one of the owners.  Be cautious. Great customer service and they got ok service department. nice new location also!  so I was getting brand new brakes. This salesman directly lied to my face and put my family in danger just to make a couple of bucks. Both mechanics agreed that I never could have gotten the brakes to this point in 4 months and that this car should never have been allowed to leave the lot. I am contacting Victory Chevrolet today to see how they will remedy this situation and will update my review accordingly." If you buy a car from this dealership have it inspected on a lift. Most places charge 20 to 30 dollars. Bought a car there and drive it 20 miles and the next morning found a fluid in my driveway. I thought it was from a sloppy  oil change. Found out today it needs a rack and pinion and two rod ends. So much for there big inspection the the TV host talk about. Waiting to see if they are going to fix it. "I had a good experience with the service department!  My representative (Sal) was great about letting me know what was going on with my car in a timely manner.  They fixed my engine problem very quickly.  They even charged my Volt completely before giving it back to me "Didn't have one professional conversation with these folks.. they had no interest in working with me and blamed me for there poor attention to detail. Long story short I bought the same car they had for the same money they were asking from Winston Salem (nice folks up there "Mark upton was an amazing salesman. The rest of the staff was awesome as well. Got the best deals on vehicle's.  Extremely amazing people (also very kid friendly...we have 2 toddlers and the play area was great to keep them content)" CHbNr9OA_1o6PtmUlb7dDQ "A huge improvement over another Chevrolet dealership in Rock Hill that I will never go back to. Biggest advantage is Victory starts working on your vehicle at appointment time versus only securing a slot. From time of arrival to departure This place is great! We recently had the best car buying experience ever.  they do stock new cars on occasion. Check them out!"  a black Ford Focus 2010. In AMAZING shape. The engine and everything else under the hood looked brand spankin' new. My boyfriend who knows much more about cars than I do agreed. He was extremely impressed with the price for such a recently made car that had only had 1 owner. They did a spectacular job cleaning up the inside and giving it an exterior car wash as well  but Debra in the service department is the star.  She is the best!"  did most of the paperwork over the phone and again I was in and out in a hour. Great service. I would never go to a dealership again. Compare their finance rates to one at a traditional dealership and you'll see the difference. The no haggle prices are usually the best out there. Hopefully I don't have to return again for a few years for my next purchase but I will for sure be giving my business again to Carmax in the future. If going to South Blvd update: still having issues with the ext. warranty from TWG (Maxcare) so I have to remove a star..." We were so pleased with this purchase that we've bought a second car from Carmax (though it was from the location in Tulsa). And when the time comes for a third we were going to sell our car our self but we though we would give CarMax a shot the gave us a respectful offer so we took the offer we are happy happy thank you CarMax and the people were nice nice "This is the first time after over a dozen car deals in 18 years had a very poor experience with Carmax! I arrived to the South Blvd location ready to purchase the vehicle I transferred when I found that it was not as advertised and needed some work that Carmax and the MOD Chris were not willing to make happen. I have been a loyal customer over nearly two decades and now find myself wondering if Carmax has changed how they now treat their customers and are now more concerned with the bottom line instead of the Good Customer Experience that your advertising promotes! After today  this isn't your place.  But if you want to avoid that  the steering column isn't fully operational and the rims are rusted. Basically going to Carmax in Pineville was a waste of time." 7.LATER: Business owner responds to this message stating they take this matter seriously. I sent two emails before getting a response. I responded to that  any light would be reflected through these channels and make it near impossible to see. We mentioned that we would buy the car ONLY if these things were taken car off. The salesperson we were working with guaranteed us that they would be fixed. He gave us his word. First mistake. We had to wait for our title to come in from our other care as we were trading that in as well in the mean time we were told this would be taken care off. Finally we made the purchase only to find out that windshield has not been fixed. We were told we had 30 days to bring anything back that we thought was wrong. We brought the car back 6 days after purchase and they told us we were SOL they said we only had 2 days. I spoke to the manager. I spoke to cooperate and no one cared. I went to 12 dealerships in the region and told us that this windshield was a clear hazard and would not pass any of there safety inspections. 12. We were constantly blown off by their managers. The sales guy we worked with basically told us that he never said he would fix it. Carmax finally said they talked to their ""glass guy"" and said they would pay 50% of the cost to have the windshield replace. 400 bucks. I asked if it was the Ford windshield that was on the car now and they said it would be an aftermarket piece. This was a no go for me. I went to the Ford dealership to get a quote on a official Ford windshield. They said they would do the whole job for 350 that included labor. I went and told CarMax and they said Ford was lying. Basically they tried to scam us again. We ended up paying for the windshield to be replaced. Please do not shop here. Go to some other reputable dealers and if you shop here PLEASE use Kelly Blue Book and do not over pay. Also check their warranties they will tell you they cover a lot more than they actually do." I'm grateful for the setup. The customer service was very tentative thru out the whole process. Except a few ladies I run across with.. Yet still overall happy with the few that handle of my car and the communicators in between!"  we have had no less than 12 car buying experiences in our lives and we both agree that this was one of the best. Don't let the location or cramped lot deter you...it was truly a great experience and I am so glad that we took a chance and stopped in!" "Several months ago I purchased a car from Teddy at Tryon Auto Mall.   I had recently moved to Charlotte and knew very few people so I was apprehensive about buy a used car from a stranger without a referral of any kind.   Unfortunately used car sales people suffer the stereo typing of being less than honest.   Buying any used car in any circumstances has some inherit risk.   Teddy was very helpful in helping find a car that fit my needs.   Once I purchased the car he went out of his to ensure I was happy with my purchase and any issues were addressed quickly.   He even delivered my car to my home since I wasn't available to pick it up on the day it was ready.   He also picked up my car for service at my place of work and returned it with all repairs completed before my work day was over.   Today Great car selection and quality service from sales. They always have really good prices too. Highly recommend!! Hats off to the crew at Folger Subaru - notably the only dealership in Charlotte to be owned and operated by women. How 'bout that." Couldn't be happier - thanks again "I have purchased three Subarus from Folger's in the past 7 years and each time the experience was top notch. Friendly  get any ""promises"" they make in writing (which is really just car-buying 101 "My wife a I went there with the intention of trading in our vehicle and purchasing a 2014 Forester.  We drove 2 hours each way since our salesman  along with treating my car brakes and replacing the middle seatbelt both due to recalls.  They did this all in one day and my technician Larry was very helpful and called to check up after a couple of days that everything was fine.  You have to  expect to pay more at a dealership gdaFZvWpmWIDri1Fv9PEHA "I would stay away from these shady dealers.  After searching cars.com I found an ad for a 2013 KIA OPTIMA EX and a 2014 KIA OPTIMA Hybrid EX I called the dealership they said they had the cars in stock and set an appt for me to come in. When I got there I was told the hybrid I wanted was already sold and the second car they told me they couldn't find the keys.  They gave me a test drive in another so called New Car as their ad states ""New cars left over from sale of Folger Kia store.""  the advertised prices were 15900.   Then they offered me the sale at 17900 which they claimed was their cost.  The dealership is a mess I had an amazing trade in  car buying experience! The entire staff was extremely friendly and welcoming. I highly recommend Williams (Folger) Subaru to anyone looking to buy a new or pre-owned car!  Jonathon was incredibly patient and friendly. He and the finance team were able to carve out an incredible deal for our new Crosstrek. I love  check out Kia.  If you're in the market for a Kia Crystal and her team did a great job with inspecting my car fully and making sure all parts were accounted for. I'm very thankful that this was the place my car was taken to We took my wife's Sorento into for service on her A C for the first time in March. They told us it was her compressor and they replaced it. Luckily we had a extended warranty and they covered most of it. That didn't work so we took it back. They said it was a bad control unit and wanted $600+ to replace it. I found it online for just over $400 and I replaced it myself. That didn't fix it so we took it back again. They said it was a bad control module and that they were going to replace it. They charged us for the replacement but didn't replace it and then determined it was a bad replacement control unit. They ordered a warranty replacement and I picked it up (much to their disappointment) and put it in myself. That didn't work either and after spending over $1000 and wasting two plus months with them we took it to Dale Jarrett Kia in Monroe. They determined it was a different module that determines the temperature was bad from the beginning and had most likely been the culprit the whole time. They were able to get Kia to warranty TWO new control units that were damaged because the module had burned the other two out. They had it two weeks straight but were able to finally diagnose the cause and origin of the problem. Folger Kia has got to be the worse dealership in the Charlotte area. We spoke directly with Kia corporate and they apologized for how horrible Folger Kia was and how badly they treated us. My wife went in when we were finished dealing with Folger to get a receipt to give to Dale Jarrett and Mike Melton treated her horribly. I will NEVER use or recommend Folger Kia to anyone. They are dishonest and their customer service is terrible. If you have to use a Kia dealer go to Dale Jarrett. It isn't that far but your experience will be so much better.  white glove service.  I'll tell you straight up.  You're not getting it here.  But you will likely get a good deal and that extra money in my pocket is much more valuable to me." I'd highly recommend this place to purchase a car for a good value.  I give the service department 2 stars and the sales department 4 stars."  we walked out of there with her new lease deal. never ever ever again.  they treated the lease as if it were a new car sale and that the leased car we were turning in with less than half the miles allowed was a trade in. they even had some $850 payoff written in to their scribbled figures. i told them there was no pay off because we just paid the 36th payment.  oh  they'll need to require their owner groups to be much better  no games.  Everything was ready when I went in to sign the papers and pick up my new car!  The whole transaction couldn't have been easier.  Great service "My husband and I had a horrible experience here with one of the salesman when shopping for a car. We called and complained about the situation and the sales manager later called and followed up with us.  Though we had an unbelievable bad experience with the salesman  and most importantly honest. Aft explaining a frustrating experience at another Mazda dealership in town  we agreed on a price and began the credit check process but when it was time to sign for the car that amount we we originally discussed was completely different than the amound they were trying to have have us sign. I I would not return to buy a car from this dealership even if they lower their price. They are simply croaks and they are the reason why people have a negative perception of car salesman."  lack of customer service exemplifies this organization...TAKE MY ADVICE I have only one other car-buying experience (at a horrible Mercedes dealership in Fairfield  do not trust this dealer--this is one of the worst volvo dealerships i've seen and i have seen many."  for low achiever dealers. I think they can take a lesson or two from any local luxury car dealerships. It's ashame I can't score University Volvo a ""0""  our front tire goes flat the next day. After re-inflating it continues to lose air and we have to bring it to a garage due to being stranded. They showed us a defect in the tire where the side wall was bulging out the size of a golf ball. The garage mentioned that if we were on the highway we could have been killed as it would have been a total blowout. We then bring it to the Charlotte Volvo for repair and they send us a picture of another damage where someone had previously patched the tire. We then have the same sales manager for the next  2 months do the biggest finger pointing game we have ever seen. Calling and emailing that they are not responsible. Wow Overall - I would recommend buying a car here.  It was definitely a positive experience and working with AJ changed my historical view of the car salesperson and made the experience a 5-Star one." "Buyer Beware. What you see on Autotrader may not what you get at University Volvo and they will blame it on Autotrader. Also "I was softly looking for a new car in celebration from a work promotion. I stopped into University Volvo dealership inquiring about an X60 and I was not satisfied with the service rendered.  I left work early thinking I would probably be test driving a vehicle and if I loved it more than my current Lexus I was prepared to make an offer. I already had financing approved as well as a trade in. I do not know if my expectation was different Min 10-20 min wait to get parts while 4-5 employees chat about their weekends and we stand starring at a counter...  Avoid this dealership and head to Lake Norman for any parts or services!!!! "On 12 26 11 our 2008 Acura TL broke down in the Wisconsin Dells. We had just purchased it earlier that year. It was a certified used vehicle so it was still under warranty. We called Acura Roadside Assistance and they sent out a tow truck that jumped us so that we could drive to the nearest dealer to have the car looked at and fixed. The closest Acura dealer was Zimbrick of Middleton and we dealt with Shane (the manager) in the service department. They replaced the battery in our car and then informed us that our car now had a check engine light on. We asked if they could pull the codes and tell us what was wrong or even clear them and see if they came back. He told us that we would have to take the car in its current condition with the light on because he said My radio and navigation system went out on my Acura.   I took it in to Zimbrick who immediately determined that a small fuse had blown.  I was glad it was only a fuse until I pick up the car and was charged $100 for replacing a two dollar fuse.  I complained but got nowhere.  They have since lost several thousand dollars of my service business to other repair shops. I am very offended and was never mistreated in such way in my entire life." P.S. When I was having major service done they let me choose what I wanted to drive while I waited for the day.  NOBODY does that. So I had some fun with a brand new TL one day on a secret ""test"" road Zimbrick European showed me when I was buying my car just off Rimrock Road."  sporty little numbers they provide as loaners makes the whole experience feel adventurous and decadent.  Even though I'm dropping lots of moulah on a brake job.  And I have to give the car back."  and really appreciated the sincere attempt to help me find the right car for my needs. They made the fact finding easy and the process enjoyable." 9brW55Vzyi3ItboHWfoepg "Service is second to none. Friendly sales and service staff. Waiting area is nice. Fair prices for the level of professionalism and customer service. I really don't agree with the ""dirty"" review from below. These people seem to be as genuine as it gets "We've been very pleased with Stuart Wakeman in the service department. He's always been straightforward with us about repairs and has let us know whenever a part or service was covered by warranty "Typical dealership.  They know the car well (I should hope so) but every repair is extremely expensive.  You can usually do better to go to a local mechanic.  We needed a new antenna for our Jetta... $50.  Yeah 000 miles on each of them.  Service has been quite good - a number of repairs and ongoing maintenance.  I've been pleased with the service and attention I get.  The waiting area is very nice and comfortable for anything say 2 to 4 hour wait.  After the quality of service I've gotten Brought in my 2012 Passat TDI for its 20k service and received excellent customer service as usual. I even had a last minute change in my schedule that was handled smoothly.  plan ahead and ask for a loaner car.  They're usually really good about that"  you guys think of everything."" Doug brought a degree of pleasure back to the car-buying experience. I'd be happy to work with him again." "I brought my 2004 VW Golf in to have the AC repaired. The car was not purchased at Zimbrick and I had hoped the repair would be covered by the extended warranty. The problem my car was having turned out to be somewhat of a mystery  I will definitely consider Zimbrick VW." I have now had the car a week and I could not be happier with the car and and my positive Zimbrick experience." "Gary is awesome at each turn.  We had to have the car rekeyed due to theft of the keys and he worked really hard to get our replacement tumblers (from Germany) so that we can feel safe again.  Thanks so much for the super job Every experience with Zimbrick is painful.  Why did we buy from them? I ask myself that question all the time.... I still love my car. But I won't buy from Zimbrick next time. That's for sure."  friendly and professional. He takes the time to explain everything and doesn't try to sell me things i don't need. The mechanics do a great job. I've always been very happy with their work. And I love the fact they wash my car too!" We'll see how the service department responds when we finally need them (hopefully a long time from now) Update: I was contacted. They were good enough to reimburse my expenses at the other mechanic  but it's been great. The technicians are very knowledgeable and are now used to the quirks of my 2001 Kia- they've even won awards for their abilities. I am also always able to get a courtesy vehicle I guess you get what you pay for.  Good price.  Lousy service once they have your money."  offering to come in on his day off if needed. At no time did I feel rushed or pushed.  I could also tell that he was not going to let me drive off in a vehicle that was not an appropriate fit for my needs. (I drive over 100-miles daily on crappy country roads). The entire team at Zimbrick were professional and courteous.  The paper signing at the end is usually a long I would highly recommend Zimbrick for both their service department and their overall customer service as it relates to vehicle repairs." AJOejrnO0z4lzp_GHO6wUQ zimbrick nissan eastside madison - Is totally cheating.. Don't believe sales team its all cheating.  I was cheated around 2000$.  I never recommend this showroom.  Gave price quote for AWD and delivered 2WD.  Please be very careful if you still want to visit this showroom.  one's probably a little out there (a gas pedal cable thing) but the other is a thermostat.  Kind of seems like if you're going to bother having a parts department at all then that should probably be in there.  The diagnostic fees are a little ridiculous too and they won't warranty the thermostat without gouging me on the diagnosis (like a third the price of the repair)." lo3zxzq7lRdJ_Rs2QChP_A i couldnt agree more these guys are scumbags they sold me a 1999 toyota corolla that was a salvage that they washed from the title this is illegal after said and done i paid 5 grand for a car that was worth 300 never do any buisiness with these scums!  take it for what it's worth." STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS / You have been warned"  but Ceasar was extremely sympathetic to my plight and helped me look for a car.  I see others rated poorly based on the cars they got breaking down. Let me ask who goes and gets a car without getting it checked out? Me? I am not a car idiot. I looked at every car inside and out and test drove them. And know a thing or two about cars ;) I bought one and they even made it possible for me to pay it off in less than a year! I have not had one issue with the car I bought. It's in perfect working order and had over 100k when I bought it! Still going strong! I highly recommend Ceasar and also recommend you bring a mechanic savvy person with you as these are used cars and you take a gamble any way you slice it." Stay away from this place at all costs."  the car has been giving our son trouble when trying to start it. Dropped it at a local shop to see what is wrong. You name it - it needs replaced! Over $2000 to get it fixed. And some of these things are safety items and shouldn't be driven by anybody! I DO NOT RECOMMEND this place at all and I WILL NEVER EVER return! Total rip off kind of people! Not trustworthy! I can't imagine doing this to people every day. What kind of people are they? What a sad day." My only thought is if they are less than honest with their advertising to bring in customers  I decided to take a chance on this dealership. I was pleasantly surprised. Caesar was helpful and straight forward. I'm usually pretty good at detecting BS and I didn't get the feeling that he was trying to take advantage of me. I am mostly pleased with my bright yellow Mazda Protege5 and the painless experience of purchasing it. As always DO NOT BUY A CAR FROM HERE they promised us every regulated option available and i still got screwed by these scandoulos salesmen i traded a registerd vehicle for a price drop and they gave me a new license plate under the current registration and it expires in two months for 300 dollars wich i have proof they spent 16 on i could of done that on my phone in the parking lot.  THESE GUYS ARE RIP OFF ARTISTS  AND I WANT JUSTICE  but a caddilac is a true investment. I got my authentic 98 aurora there and it has been going up in value ever since I drove it off the lot. IF you ever need a great wateringhole or place to grab a quick snack. go here. as good as it gets folks!"  next time I need to buy a car I will certainly keep them in mind as well as for any repairs I don't think my around the corner mechanic can't handle." E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA  I later learned I was grossly overcharged and several fasteners were left off allowing the under carriage to drag and get damaged.  I have since begun to get my Cadillac serviced at the Tempe Coulter."  despite my headaches.  They will take care of you." Coulter is a Great dealership but be weary when bring your vehicle in for repair."  took the extra time to clean off the excess oil after the repair was completed. Super happy with the whole experience and the Yukon is running perfect and no longer leaking oil on my garage. Thanks guys!!"  knowledgeable and pleasant.  Both the sale man (Lindsay) and the sales manager (Paul) were terrific.   We could not find a car that satisfied our needs.  We ended up buying at another dealership but they were very pleasant when we told them.  We will be sure to return when we are looking for a car in the future." E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA  fairly and with great transparency. The most telling thing I can say is that the quality of the sales team will make me pick this dealership and Cadillac in particular over other brands in the future." ccavin@coultercadillac.com" I will never go back under any circumstances." E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA  go to Coulter Cadillac GMC on Camelback / 12th Street every time. Cheaper and less wait time. Time is valuable and so it money. Make decisions wisely. And I have to say that sometimes cheaper means less quality I couldn't be happier with my experience at Coulter. This is the kind of dealership that earns your business for life. Thank you for a pleasant car buying experience. My wonderful 2011 GMC HD2500 needed a oil change after hauling a trailer 2500 miles.  The engine light came on and it resulted in a catalytic converter replacement.  They also noted that the windshield washer fluid tank had a crack and replaced it. Coulter has always been awesome.  I have been buying and servicing our cars there for many years.  Thank you for the excellent work.  I love my truck and it handled heavy loads and hard weather very nicely.  Thank you again - Ron Our SRX feels powerful when we drive it and butter when we sit in the seats -- the buying experience only enhanced our satisfaction when we drive it there is no tainting from a bad buying experience.  Only one sweet driving experience!" My service manager was attentive and brought me regular updates about the progress.  He also handled the ordering of parts and payment.  I didn't have to search for anyone.  It was all handled by the same person and he came to me.  Very good service."  check this place out... and safe and happy driving in the meantime!" Sigh. I wish Amazon sold cars"  the manager-who seemed like he could not care less about my business on either occasion-said we could ""move things around"" to speed it up. In all I spent close to 1.5 hours there and my bill was $90 for a $5 part and maybe 20 minutes with of labor  do you know how long until my car is ready. It's been over 1.5 hours? Let me check... Waited another 15 mins till my 100% charged IPhone had about 20% left . Finally went back outside and this time I walked into the auto area and saw my truck just sitting there. I go and let him know what's my truck doing there?  Looking puzzled  we find our fluids are low or empty.  Even our wiper blades needed replacing & they said nothing.  They replaced our front brakes resulting a horrific noise & vibration as soon as we drove out.  We took it back & they said nothing was wrong with them.  We took it to a AAA location & they fixed the problem.  Coulter needs to fix ""their problem"" because we are changing Caddy dealerships." I came in for my first oil change and update. Shawn was incredibly helpful and efficient. This is my 3rd cadillac and the service and sales department (Steve) at the Tempe location is by far the best! Thank you!! "We do not buy our cars here I am just here for a recall. Normally we're down the street at camelback Toyota. Well they must have spoiled us there because the service here sucks. Maybe it's just the one guy ""rich"" that has a poor argumentative attitude with each customer I've seen him deal with in the 3+ hours I've been waiting but I will not be returning again. If you're looking to buy a car Other Recommendations: Airpark Auto  he was extremely rude. He denied that they would do that and every time I tried to speak he would interrupt me. (SO extremely rude!) I tried to ask questions regarding their procedures multiple times and he would not let me talk. I was so frustrated and now we're having to immediately replace an expensive tire that we do not have in our budget. He kept telling me that its probably a plug they put in when they patch a tire. WELL I'm PRETTY SURE that Discount tire knows the difference between a plug and a screw they patched over. We are taking the tire back to Coulter to address it and we will see how it is handled from there. Do yourself a favor and GO ELSEWHERE!" "I have purchased 2 cars from Coulter a 2002 Cadillac deVille and a 2012 Buick LaCrosse.  Both used After going there these last few times and comparing my experience/expenses with friends that go to other dealers (Nissan  and Georgia made us a great lunch."  but no one seems to want to help.  Mine is actually out helping someone.  Now at the front desk talking to the receptionist.  What happened.  Everyone just looks at me and looks away. Technical service manager just kept looking at me ....." E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA  they did not have the part in stock but ordered it.  In the meantime they showed us how to override the problem and keep us from getting stranded again.  The problem is now solved.  Mr. Ron Hammon made the whole process seamless and actually nice. Car was washed both times of service. Total class act.  They also honored an online coupon for my wife.  Saving us $50." Best experience buying a vehicle without a doubt!!!"  they couldn't have made it easier to buy the car I wanted. Steve and the rest of team gave me  excellent customer service. I never felt pressured the entire time. Very efficient as well. For the first time in my life I actually felt good about the deal I got."  thanks for grabbing me by the ankles & turning me upside down so you can shake every last dime out of me. What should've been a simple fix on a 2005 Denali ended up getting more & more expensive ($1600+). The first repair wasn't even the problem. Smooth-talking Justin explained it away with an ""I really don't give a crap"" tone. He wouldn't even admit any misdiagnosis Amazing customer service they helped us get what we needed right away. Very attentive I had an independent shop and we sent all of our GMC and Cadillac warranty work to Karen Parker.  Karen is experienced and always took care of our (collective) client within a reasonable time.  I found her to be professional and knowledgeable about the mechanical aspects of GMC and Cadillac products.  I can tell you this.......DO NOT under any circumstances take your car to Earnhardt Chandler Cadillac on 202 and Gilbert.  I hear Earnhardt in Scottsdale is good but not handy for us SE Valley peeps. "Great experience!  Can't say enough about the complete team effort.  From the beginning to end E3sONi8kCTBL96OjzpgBsA "Have a 2012 Buick Enclave. This place (Gary more specifically) have always gone above and beyond. I'm not mad at Coulter Cadillac for the stupid reasons I have to bring my Enclave here. Gary always asks how everything is going and the service waiting room is comfortable I test drove the car and was offered the auto at a good price without a hassle so I bought it."  we bought a 2015 vehicle from Bo today. I truly do not think the process could have been more seamless. He was so professional and just overall enjoyable to work with. The finance guy (John? Sorry... I think that's it) was so great to work with as well. Quick I live right down the street and need additional work on my vehicle. I will not return."  Blind Spot Sensor Rear Parking Sensors. None of these to the best of my knowledge exist on my vehicle. I can only hope that they realIly did the Certified Pre-Owned Inspection they say they did. I feel that my salesman should have spent more time going over all the details and functions of the SUV with us." "This used to be THE place to go for great service while buying a car. I've purchased a few vehicles here and it was always a pleasure. Mark Exposito and Cory Epperson always went out of their way to make sure problems were solved in a timely manner. Well  I just found out that the loaner vehicle was never picked up from the tow yard and the tow yard called them two days later when I had to go get my belongings out of the car!!  Now Camelback VW is saying....all of a sudden...that I'M RESPONSIBLE for the tow yard storage fees!!!  OMG! They are so ignorant!  I can go on and on...but it's in the hands of my sons attorney Shane Harward now.  Thank you Skylar and Shane!!!" MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA "I almost bought a new VW Rabbit (2009) from these guys.  We lucked out and got a 100% NON sleazy sales person but sadly she wasn't around (and didn't return my emails) at the time I was willing to ""pull the trigger"" and I went else where." MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA  getting a decent test drive rather than the 3 rights and your back at the dealers was all pretty happy.  I don't know if you can split out the role of the sales people from the finance office but I'd hate to think they are innocent and losing sales because of the F ing I people:)"  and I can not get anyone to respond to this problem. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GO ANYWHERE ELSE.  I purchased a vw in Nor CAL in 2001 and it was a good experience. You would think that this dealership is moving cars like crazy.  Spread the word about this horrible excuse for a business. No customer service at all."  bad place to shop for a car and bad place to get your car serviced." I've lost faith in VW's quality because of Camelback VW Subaru and I highly don't recommend buying from them or getting service from them.  I'm not having to take my issue to the Better Business Bureau.  They're just not worth this much hassle." "I have an mk4 gtik 1.8t. I took my car there to have a rattle in the suspension fixed. They found a bunch of other stuff wrong with my car which sucked... But they where all legitimate problems. The funniest part is the repairs that where being done where cause by a poor mechanic at one the of the east valley's VW ""tuning shops"". The high prices suck "I'm shocked to be giving a good review but here goes.   Took my car in without an appointment to get the headlight repaired.  They ended up saying the car had all sorts of problems and need to keep it for the weekend.   They gave me a loaner (all thought it was a Beetle - yuck) and sent me on my way.   I was very worried that i was looking at $1500+.   They called me on Monday and said it was done.  I was worried since htye had not called me to give a quote Tread carefully out there and just wear them down with questions and annoying behaviors!" I plan to go back to have more work done on the car soon.  I prefer Camelback VW for oil changes because the quickie-lube places just don't have a knack for doing things right...but that's another review for another time!" "I am basing my review on the service department at Camelback VW.  I actually did lease my 2008 Volkswagen Jetta from this dealership in 2008 and have taken my car here for all of its service appointments.  I did purchase a service contract which was great to have for the first 3+ years but now that it has run out I was worried about how much I would have to pay for service visits.  Thus far I am very pleased with Camelback VW... just recently I had to have my car towed there because it started overheating all the sudden.  When I called to make a appointment I was planning on using AAA to tow it but my service adviser said that I still qualify for VW roadside assistance and had someone out to my work within the hour to pick up my car.  The next morning I called to check on my car and it was already fixed under warranty.  It was a worry free experience for me and I greatly appreciate it.  Since my service contract ran out I have taken it there previous to this visit for a 45 I dealt with Antoine.  He was amazing.  He offered to bring the contract and the car to my office to get things done because I was busy!  He made things really easy too!   He is even providing me with  a huge bow for it!  The fact that Antoine and Greg are pretty easy on the eyes made this a nice experience as well!;)" I have always dreaded the idea of resorting to a dealership for repairs. I have a friend who used to work there and he highly recommend them to me. He called ahead and told them I was coming. They we're really great and it seems they would be to no-connected customers as well. They offer a shuttle service when you drop your car off. I was walking around looking at some other cars after I put mine in and I met a salesmen named John. He was a really cool guy. Very honest about car sales and other things we talked about. I'm proud to be an owner of a VW and to have a dealership close that won't screw you. "I went in to buy a car. The salesman was friendly and helpful (maybe not too knowledgeable about the cars though). After testing a golf and mentioning that I was also interested in a GTI  even if they're the only dealership in the country that can make the promises they made before I bought." The loaner vehicles are nice but it doesn't make up for their crappy service." The sales people were great when I was laying the cash down to buy...but forget it on the service end...they get one more chance and I will go else where...it's disappointing because anywhere can be nice when you are ready to spend money and I really expected more from the service than rude service agents...and also the work was not even completed...they let the car sit there half the day and I picked it up and nothing was done to it...they were rude about it...I don't know if I am used to BMW service quality or what...but I am disappointed with this low level of service and customer service standards.  but once you talk to a dealer it magically drops $5k and I think some prices may be too good to be true??) but I would NOT recommend Camelback."  since I HAD SIGNED FOR THE CAR ALREADY... 3 weeks prior. I called the finance manager back and he finally admitted that the financing HAD NOT been approved and that I would need to find a cosigner or put down a bigger down payment or I'd have to give the car back. Long story short I took it back and got my Audi back. Car dealers everywhere are letting people drive away in cars they know they won't be approved for in hopes that you'll fall in love with the car and do ANYTHING to try to keep it when they call you a few weeks later asking for it back! DO NOT FALL VICTIM!" This dealership is great for all service and sales needs. They are polite and professional. I would recommend them to anybody!!! Parking is extremely tight -- they could stand to have a few more customer parking spaces." It's my third car from this dealership. The service department has always been the reason I go back there. Now "Should have come here first - Went there about a year ago did not like the feel - so walked away and decided to keep the current car. I really wasn't in the market - but got a call from Barry - with the hours I work I don't return calls during the week so called back - he had no clue who I was and I should have ended it there. He claimed he could make it work blah blah blah - what was I looking for blah blah blah - did not listen to a thing I said except Sunroof - that was all the car had. He called me back needed me to do a credit app - they need to see the current car - blah blah blah - I was at Sprouts down the road so I went in. Huge mistake monster.....he took a credit app the assessed my trade in and he pointed to a car he had selected for me - I have not driven didn't even know if I liked it. He starts doing the salesman dance and 1/2 of the way in it I start asking to drive the car - now remember I was in there in March of 2011 so I have NOT driven the 2012 - and I was looking at a Beetle. They dig it out and I am allowed to take it up the 51 on sunday with no traffic and back....nothing remarkable - but I asked him questions about the car - did it have cruise control - no he said but it did - I finally got a brochure so I could see what I was getting into on paper and then waited and waited and waited and waited - the first game of the play offs was over....and I wated somemore.  At that point I see my license plate in Barry's hands so I became a little nervous finally I am taken into Antoinne's office - they are giving me this for free that for free - the conversation is tapped....the whole time I am saying that I know no bank is open today but he tells me they are a VW dealership and write their own deals....yea his mouth was moving so we all know he was lying....he would not put me in a 20k vehichle if he did not KNOW that this deal was done....more horse manure.....then the fun really begins. I leave the lot get into traffic and this car will not move. I took it over by my office to a vacant street and I can not get it up over 45 mph - it is a dog! Monday morning I call them and tell them this car isn't going to work....they tell me no worries we will get you approved and then swapp the car. Monday afternoon I get a call from Barry he wants to make an appointment - I can not commit to a time due to my job so tell him sometime between 630p - 800p - Tuesday I go in and guess what - no the deal is not done - but hey I can test drive the other cars - hey isn't that what you are supposed to do before you try financing - don't you test drive first?? So I leave again wasted my time...but here is where it gets really funny - I get a voicemaill from their ' Customer Service Manager' calling to congratulate me for my new cark - so the next day  I call her back ...now they have had this deal since Sunday   but she says after laughing at all of this because apparently poor customer service is funny to the Customer Service manager - that they have only had the deal for 2 days - umm no you have had it for 4 days. I agree to give them 2 more letting her know that either I have an answer on Thursday  because I am going out of town. In the mean time I sit down with a friend in on the lending side and he begins to tell me the reason it is taking so long is no bank will pick it up because  they are over charging me on the car -  extended warranty -  gap insurance - Zak treatments - everything  and that my current car is retailing for 19k - they offered me 13k ...so we  construct an email restructuring the deal and letting them know I will not come in until they have a letter of credit from the bank. 2 more days no calls so I call no word so- 2 hours later after waiting to find out it is ready I showed up. After telling them I was NOT going out of town with a car I don't own I get the Jeep - but they have lost my License plate - in fact if I had not walked the vehicle I would have left with out any plate  but at an interest rate 2 points higher than we agreed to on the contract. I told them that I don't do business with whores and they can have the car back. I'll buy it from a dealer that stands by their word. Check the other yelp reviews on here. It seems to be standard operating procedure for these jackasses." "I have consistently great service experiences here and haven't chosen to go to an auto service chain for my VW as a result. I'm deducting a star for the shrinking hours (anyone remember when this place was open until 9pm-ish on weekdays?) I will never return to this dealership and recommend that you do the same. I've never been treated this poorly at a dealership in my life. I had cash to buy a car and opted to go elsewhere."  he has always gone above and beyond for us. I particularly love the fact we get loaner cars if my car needs to be in the shop for an extended period...Thank Camelback VW!" Michael Miller always makes sure I'm taken care of.  He always seems to go out of his way to ensure my experience there is a good one....Thanks Mike! P.S. The comment below from the manager is beyond moronic. There was no ""miscommunication"". We had an signed agreement. That's why Subaru corporate cut us a check for almost $500! These guys are not even scum "I hate car trouble; but at least Camelback VW makes it easy to arrange appointments and also provides transportation--which I VERY MUCH appreciate.  Also want to commend Michael Miller on the A++++ customer service  but they are committed to fixing it which is great.  I like to work with Mike Miller.  He is not only knowledgeable about his job I went in for just an oil change and they found a torn engine mount! My worries went away quicky when Ian told me it was still under warrenty. What a relief that was.  we got the car back in that same afternoon. Our service manager was able to work with us on payment so that we paid half then & the other half 2 weeks later. He also pointed us to some coupons online for $100 off any service. And of course Moral of the story: Don't waste your time with Camelback VW. Save yourself the stress and irritation and buy elsewhere." "This is for for the VOLKSWAGEN side only.  I was told by the MANAGER and he salesman that they had the car that I saw online in stock and to come out the next day to look at it.   I drive over 30 miles to see this car.  As soon as I get there  but always make the drive because the service and no-haggle approach is worth it. My husband bought his Jetta there years ago  and got me into a loaner car quickly.  He was prompt with calling me when he had an estimate and even accommodated me by texting me what needed to be done so I could discuss it with my husband.  My car was ready earlier than expected.  It's because of Michael and his exceptional service that I keep coming back." And the car is SO GREAT!!!" I've leased two VWs here...an Eos and a Tiguan. Camelback VW takes excellent care of me and my VW. Ricky goes out of his way to help me every time. Excellent customer service. I recommend it highly. MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA  to THEM!  I made numerous attempts to stop the calling. Many promises ""we removed your # from our database"" no luck. Contacted them through the internet Don and George's hospitality deserve this review and I couldn't be more appreciative of their help. Thanks to you both and to Camelback VW! Absolutely recommend!" I just don't approve of the whole your car is fine conversation when I am clearly experiencing issues. I don't appreciate any sort of deception. Which is all I seemed to have dealt with." Keep up the great work"  one thing I was not happy about was the technician/or someone left a big mess on my back door handle. I would not believe what they have left behind to the door handle; oil grease was all over. I am a very reasonable customer  nose prints and drool. It makes me feel proud to drive it when it's all prettied up. It's also nice assurance to know my car is mechanically sound and up to date on all maintenance. What more can I ask for?! Thank you I am just very disappointed in this dealership especially since I had always had great experiences before."  Mike Miller makes the 3 hour drive worth it!  He is considerate of my time and needs.  He explains my service That salesman was Michael Henson. Destroying business card now. I won't be returning to this dealership if that is the culture there and will be sure to tell everyone I work with in Native Health." "Normally don't like the car buying experience.  This team was great!  Bill G. was a real pro.  Billy offered a fair deal (after the first low ball offer :( but came around!) and Michael in the finance department was personable and efficient.  No hard sell here!  The transaction went into the evening but they were professional  and do a mini car inspection. They found some things wrong with my car which I will not get fixed. I would not suggest going here if you are on a budget for it is a bit pricey as is any dealer."  the car I traded in STILL has not been paid off. It's been ""it will be paid Monday""...""later this week""...""it's in the mail"" for about 3 weeks now. I'm pretty sure they use tactics that are either fully "My husband and I came here to test drive two cars that we have had our eyes on - the VW Tiguan and the Subaru Outback. We were immediately greeted by a friendly salesman named Carlos. He let us take 3 different cars out for a drive  make an appointment with Dan and experience the same super service we did!" "I've always received great service here on our 3 VW's. I purchased a 2013 GLI here last year Top notch....as long as you have a warranty There are other dealers in the area. Buy from one who respects their customers  besides that it is below par. I was never offered water while I waited or even notified of a timeframe of my wait. While checking in all of the guys continued to have side conversations with one another  but the catalytic converter is just a bit too much for me to get into right now." Go pound the car lot !"  was fantastic. That was easily one of the most fun test drives I've done in a long time. If I could just buy a car from him No comments at this time Update: I am giving them a 3 star from the one star I originally gave them. I will not give them anything better because the most important part of buying a car is the finance and price. However Best VW dealer in town. Bought 4 cars from these guys and will continue to do so. They really work with their customers to get them in a new car. Like every dealer they gotta make their money of course but the hassle is way less stressing. SHOP VW CAMELBACK!! "This has to be the best place in Arizona to buy a beetle! The nice gentleman that helped me was Michael Gruentzel. It was a Sunday afternoon and Michael spent a good amount of time with me showing me all the cool features the new bugs have. After we decided on a price  head to VW North Scottsdale.  I still drive down their from Prescott.  AVOID Camelback VW entirely 000 over the price I told them I wanted to stay in. After spending 16 hrs at the dealership to purchase a car they finally got it done. 2 months later the finance department still had not gotten their act together to get it financed. I have been screamed at by many of the people there including the General Manager Dany that got in my face screaming and yelling and cursing right and left at me. I finally told them since they did not hold up their end of the deal getting the financing done  Rickey in service was the best. I've taken my Beetle to Rickey for the last couple of years and he has always been wonderful. He would even help me out when I moved away for a few months. I really felt that I could always trust him not to screw me over on pricing or parts. Over all   I was told that that oil level was too high and 60k maintanance was never done as promised. I was told I have new tires but later discovered that only two were new. I paid 900 for gimmick that was false. Why didn't I check it out at first? I was in crutches and couldn't get around and I was taken advantage of. All my repairs were not covered by the basic 6 months warranty. My repairs were over 4k! These guys will rip you off! Don't go there!"  took longer waiting for finance to be ready for us than anything else. Great trade in value! We definitely got the G35 and deal we wanted."  but they were paid off!  We decided on a Honda CR-V after reading reviews on all compact SUVs and test-driving the CR-V and Toyota Rav4.  We hunted online for CR-Vs for a good month or so and decided on the absolute highest amount we would pay for the car.  We wasted an entire day at Pinnacle Nissan in Scottsdale haggling with their sales folks and walked out with no deal.  Unwilling to waste our own precious time and subject to our 18 month old to another day of ""stop  I'll buy my next VW from Cory at Camelback VW!!"  Tony Avila made the experience of financing my daughter's car a blast. Thank you Tony for being patient while I relayed messages to her in South Korea." "Had my care in for service and Joe was amazing  the corporate office did call but can't help because the dealership is locally owned. I would avoid this dealership due to their rating coaching and lack of care after the sale." Top notch all around!" My finance advisor had me come back and sign my contract four times! He said he found me a better interest rate through a different financial institution etc. What he really did was take certain things out of my contract and I don't even know what happened with that money!" "A car trade-in took 8 hours and in the process I was sexually harassed by a sales employee. Customer relations and the manager are in the process of dealing with it  and I never told Debbe that I was dissatisfied (I have a copy of the messaging convo between she and I had proving otherwise). I was willing to buy a vehicle from them that would actually suit my needs if they would just take the one they pushed on me back. They offered NO form of reconciliation. All they cared about was they got their money and that's it. Not customer satisfactio" MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA Complaints to the sales person and the BBB produced NO result. Complaints to my credit union resulted in the cu putting the dealership on a 'watch list' for 30 days and the dealership to making an offer for me to trade the vehicle back toward the purchase of another. Seriously?"  windshield wipers or anything else is not working properly after they repair your car and you can't prove that it was working properly before you brought it in All in all a great experience. Ask for Gregg and Chester!!!!!"  he made me feel comfortable even when i was starting to lose my patience with what i wanted. No one likes having to go back and forth to reach a deal. In the end I got the deal i wanted thanks to George and Rich. Frankie the GM was courteous but a little pushie and i could tell he had been doing this for a long time. I get that they have to make money but at the end of the day i'm the one signing the papers and giving my buisness. Frankie gave me his bottom number and i thanked him for his and George's time but was going to stand firm on what I wanted. I was sitting there thanking George for his time when Rich comes up from behind and has a figure circled and asked me if that will seal the deal "George made the car buying experience quick and with no BS. I own a small business in Surprise so I don't have time to go spend hours at a car dealership I just bought a sweet car from this place. I had too since my car at the time died. It was my first car so I was sad to say the least but George was awesome. He helped through the whole process and took pictures with me and car that I was trading in so I could have memories. He was so compassionate and him along with Doug and Jeff got me a great deal on my new car. They are great people. I highly recommend going to see these guys! They will take care of you from start to finish. :-) Did all of the negotiating through email and text. I was speaking to George H. This salesman helped me get the deal that I wanted and the finance!  and was vague on explaining the repair detail. The grand total was $3400!!!! To which my GF replied that she would need to asses her finances and check with me about the necessity of what she was told needed to be done. To this he explained that she should call the insurance company and say ""I ran over something and now it's making noises"". Pretty sure that is insurance fraud. Needless to say we got our car out of there and went to a trusted shop- Kelly Clark (should've started there). Total repair is less than $900. Yup. Almost 1/4 the cost. Ohhhh. They did give me a football at the VW service area....so that's nice."  and fun and really look out for your best interest to make sure your car is in its best working condition and you still love it. They are not in the business to nickel and dime you. The waiting area is very comfortable with a TV that is always on good channels  but additional things were to be added to the car after the fact.  We had a ""we owe"" stipulation.  Funny enough I don't get that that kind of courtesy at my local dealer and of course there was zero chance I'd ever be back for any future needs so there was no reason to go that extra step except to assume this is their daily way of business. Thanks Mark and Camelback VW Service!" "Service division does a great job but the sales division is horrendous. They keep calling my cell phone to try to sell me another vehicle in spite of numerous attempts to stop the harassment and promises that my number is no longer in their database. They take my number from their service database One of the worst vehicle purchase experiences ever. Had to come back repeatedly for paperwork because of errors on their end and even after we had shook hands the price of the car changed! Terrible. Im at 2k miles and already having to pay for things that should be covered by the warranty. Ill take my car for service elsewhere and tell all my friends/family to stay far away. Thanks for nothing MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA  I just seemed to find all the red tape in the company! Upgrading to two stars as I'm less annoyed now Ricky in the service department is awesome.  I have had a few good experiences bringing my car for service here. He is always super friendly and answers all my technical questions on point. I trust this shop to take care of my ride "Let's be honest.  If you had a choice between going to get your car serviced or having a root canal it would be a hard choice.  Camelback VW Service changes all of that.  I've been there on two occasions and the last time I literally cannot feel more strongly than I do about how well this dealership took care of me during this situation. I got a great deal on my car back in January from the sales side as well. Overall Spamming is not a good business practice. I would encourage you to shop else where." MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA MdDCaLarh1aWU9NfB6SQjA Monkeys could run a dealership better. I cannot believe how poorly run their parts department is and the sales department is not far behind. I own a VW Touareg and am thankful that I didn't buy it from them. VW Scottsdale will better serv if you are looking for a well run establishment  run. Run super far from this dealership and go to the Scottsdale location. I know the guys there and wish so bad I would of gone there last night. I thought since I had a pre approved loan it didn't matter and didn't want to make the farther drive but it's very worth it." Had a really great car buying experience. I bought a 2016 Subaru WRX STI. George made everything seem really easy. Super Nice Guy  unthoughtful and well....just plain stupid. she didn't even offer us a bottle of water and we sat there for hours and hours!!! i don't think an intelligent word came out of her mouth. she was probably the fakest woman i have ever met. but you could see her bitterness and deceit clearly in each eye. we could see straight through this woman's fake demeanor. she pretended to be nice  and he was super friendly and helpful. I had a question about price flexibility on two cars I was prepared to choose between this weekend. He had his manager (Ed Trott) call me back  most of everyone here is great! Service department is awesome!! Sally is the absolute best!  Makes you feel welcome and comfortable. Love that about here!!"  no appointment necessary. They are eager to help Please DON'T GO TO THIS PLACE!"  EVER give these people your contact information. More than 30 unsolicited voice mails left on my cell phone. Countless emails as well. I contacted the ""General Manger What a terrible experience!changed management since I got my last car and from the moment I arrived you can tell it's changed. I have leased my last few cars from this location and expected the same level of service. I was mislead on the terms of the lease and was then promised Sirius radio but received a plugin in model. I will never go back to this dealership and     want everyone to be warned to repeat the details numerous times before you sign...  whom I never meet - you know - the shadowy figure in some back room who has to approve any ""deal"". Here are the ""real"" numbers: Approx $680 a month for a 48 month lease. Not 36 months. Not $419 a month as advertised on their own website. She again reminded me that the advert didn't include ""dealer fees"". I did some quick math in my head and let her know  from the beginning and have had nothing but great service. He is always finding ways to help me out and never pressures me into unnecessary services. He has gone above and beyond when I was in an accident; even helped me with a loaner car because I didn't have rental insurance. Randy and his manager also recently REALLY took care of me just for being loyal to Camelback VW. Also  and he is always willing to take my car in for service at any time that I need. My husband and I want to buy another new car in the next year or so. We will be going back to Camelback VW. Randy makes every experience in the service department a stress free one and I appreciate all the help that he is given to us."  George was still pleasant to work with and kept trying to get his managers to step up and be an honorable business. I highly discourage people from purchasing a vehicle here "One of the worst experiences I have ever had and I did not even step a foot into the dealership.  Sent In an inquiry thru their website.  Stephanie Jacobs was the responding sales person.  I told what we wanted for the trade in vehicle was the same that they offered on their website trade in value.   She did not see a problem.  I wanted a reduction in the price and she had a sales manager call.  He promised he did not want to loose a customer over a few hundred dollars and the price on website was negotiable.   I promised I would be there on MLK DAY. (mind you I am in Kingman for a 4 hour drive.) I called on Friday before MLK day and asked them to work a deal before we got there.   They supposedly ran credit and came back that because my car would sit on their lot most likely for over 2 months "Randy is awesome! If you want great service I will NEVER use them again because they do not do what they say."  a thumbs up to the shuttle service guys (especially Mario) who will get you where you need to go (and pick you up) if you have to leave your car for the day." Been going to Camelback Volkswagen ever since I moved to Phoenix 3 years ago. Every time I go it's a great experience. Everyone is friendly and always professional. Unlike other dealership around the valley I always feel like they're doing everything they can to make your visit a great one. I've worked with both sales and service side of the dealership and I am amazed with the level of customer service I get. Make sure you see Ricky in the service side if you want to get the best of the best that Camelback VW has to offer in customer satisfaction.  and funny. He's earned my trust over the last couple years and he always manages to get me in in case of emergency. Overall great quality and service at this dealership."  has been wonderful to work with! He gets to know all of his customers and gives attention to detail. He makes sure my wait is minimal and a loaner car is always available for me and my kids." 400 price. If my little sister didn't love her Jetta I would have walked out hours ago. After that the rest of the process took 3.5 hours AND the next day we noticed the AIR CONDITIONER didn't work. We called the manager up and he offered to pay HALF. Being so sick of arguing and speaking with this company I just agreed. I will never purchase a VW again. Thank you Camelback VW." Jason and Randy are an excellent and trust worthy team! Thank you guys for making the camelback delearship experience excellent every time!" Hope that is helpful." "Camelback Vw is the only dealership I use when servicing both of my Volkswagens. They are very knowledgable and have the best technicians in town.  They go above and beyond not only to repair the car but to give excellent customer care! They also have a new service building which offers many amenities Been going to Camelback Volkswagen ever since I moved to Phoenix 3 years ago. Every time I go it's a great experience. Everyone is friendly and always professional. Unlike other dealership around the valley I always feel like they're doing everything they can to make your visit a great one. I've worked with both sales and service side of the dealership and I am amazed with the level of customer service I get.  my service advisor I had the best experience. He explained everything so well and everything that had to be done didn't take as long as I thought it would take! Thank you "Purchased a Passat TDI SEL 3 years ago from this dealership.  I quit using their service due to many dissapointments and moved my business to another dealer.  This vehicle has had more problems than any other auto by any manufacture I have had.  The auto was in the other shop last week for repair when service called me that there was a problem.  The gentleman informed me that VW would not be able to help me since I was the second owner of the vehicle.  I informed him that I was the original owner of the auto.  He told me to contact Camelback VW to figure this out.  Later that night  but they took care of me like I was a long time customer. Volkswagen should be proud of to have people like this supporting their brand despite the many issues these cars have while still new. Morgan wrote me up already knowing the source of my problem and had confirmed the part was in stock within five minutes of our initial meet. Not even two hours later I was told the vehicle was ready. When picking the vehicle up Ricky explained everything throughly  Az.  Had the car towed via AAA to a local repair shop who could not fix problem.  Was going to take it to Scottsdale VW but a repair person suggested I go to Camelback VW...so glad I did.  Sally was incredibly helpful!  She arranged for AAA to replace the battery and then promptly called me with several other repairs that needed to be done.  It took over a week for the part to come in and Sally called to offer me a loaner vehicle which I did not need.  She was so prompt in calling and explaining everything that was being done to car....so much better than the Scottsdale VW repair where I  have to call and call and call.  Overall it was a positive experience and well worth the drive to pick up the car.  Thank you to Sally!"  a manager bolted out of the office to state that they were absolutely going to run my credit that I had to give them an opportunity to get my financing.  I told them I was not interested.  They finally agreed to sell the car at the advertised price.  The finance person (Trinity) forgot to have us sign one paper that the credit union needed so the car was not funded.  Trinity called both me and my son with threats--I happened to be out of town so there was no way that I could sign anything.  Even the person from the credit union she was dealing with said that she never wanted to talk to this woman again.  If you want a scam artist dealer and a completely unprofessional finance person---this is the place.  Otherwise steer clear."  did not have the customer service courtesy to call or text me today to let me know my car would not be ready until tomorrow. He actually laughed when I asked him why he didn't call or text to let me know One star doesn't give justice to how shady these people are. You should go here if you want to waste your time and be lied to. 000 negative equity. Not only did they get me out of the Ford focus without completely screwing myself over... But they got me into a Kia Forte 2015 that I absolutely love with lower payments than my ford was. Trinity and Alex who are the Financial advisors I worked with are amazing! I Had Louise as my sales person and he was very Personal. We had an issue when I first wanted to trade in my vehicle that the owner of the company actually helped get everything together to get me into a car that would be safe and that I hope to have for a very long time.. I plan to recommend this place for anyone looking for a car!"  they have been the best! This dealership and the employees are outstanding. Mike the manager and Trinity in financing were over the top exceptional as well. They all made my experience the best. I will definitely be going back for the CC in 4 years.  ;)"  I was upfront and was very clear with what I was wanting to obtain in terms of financing. The dealership obviously obtained all my pertinent personal Information. I was told by Lisa my saleswoman over and over that Andrew the manager had approved my lease and the vehicle was mine. This dealership apparently does ""spot"" financing and Andrew really had no idea if I would be approved. Well Great customer service all around!" I promise I won't ever buy a car from Camelback VW again. I will make sure all the Audi and VW social media and forums I'm in will know that you are bottom of the barrel car salesmen. Bravo. Get ready for more business VW North Scottsdale." "Literally the best customer service I have ever experienced. I went to Kia's dealership on Camelback and had the worst experience so I went to VW. Everyone there is absolutely amazing. I would recommend Thomas as a salesman and Mike  working with these guys was the greatest buying experience ever! Now Volkswagen .. I do not want you to think that they did not do their jobs Been going here for a couple Years now for both old and new vehicles services! Always had good experience Ricky always does a great job setting up my appointments for service I'll continue coming back! I had an APPOINTMENT!" If you are looking for a solid  but BMW and VW are on the menu and they have certified techs." "We were driving to Phoenix when our VW Jetta started to overheat and the gas pedal intermittently stopped responding. We barely made it to German Auto and they were very friendly in assisting us. The VW guy was from San Francisco area (where we are from) and made us feel at home. They had to rush order our parts and when they didn't work initially The 124 platform with straight six is not rocket science. I'm sorry guys but you dropped the ball on this one!"  if you want to save a few hundred bucks and know what it feels like to trust your technician  to plain old maintenance like fluid changes.  Jim the owner has been there all the way and has assisted me greatly.  Price per labor hour is reasonable Had my CLK Mercedes serviced and these guys are terrific! My car would not accelerate and it was a bad mass airflow sensor....not bad news at all. Would highly recommend to anyone that has a european car!  if you are looking for a place for your car xfSw-RbQ-4ackmmOJmlg6Q  and was told by Land Rover that this was probably normal for performance brakes.  My father Herb has been going here since I was knee high to a grasshopper and only trusts them to work on his Mercedes's."  This place is amazing! Friendly staff and very fair priced. Will not let my cls be worked on by any other than German Auto Services."  although they are a 40 mile drive from my home it is worth it. I look forward to taking my Benz to them (for just routine maintainence hopefully) in the future as well."  they offered to pick up and deliver my car whenever I needed it.  They rescued me from a major out of pocket expense that the dealership cooked up and I am eternally grateful for their help.  Don't take your Rover to the dealership until you use these guys  I gave the OK and just a few days later my car was back and good to go! I am extremely impressed with German Auto Service's professionalism and dedication to customer service. I will definitely be back for any future repairs and have told all of my friends with German cars to do the same." "I own a 96 BMW 540 and a 06 Mini Cooper S - have used German Auto to service both of these vehicles and they are the best in town.  Their service technicians can figure out what the trouble is and they don't start with the most expensive solution.  Their labor rates are very competitive and much less than any dealer service department They service all European cars. Audi  partly because I no one seems to want to work on Minis. They were honest about what needed to be fixed right away and what I could wait on fixing. Overall they fixed my car in a timely "My fiance and I have been coming to German Auto for a couple of years now.  We both drive VW's and these guys know their stuff.  Everyone has been very friendly and helpful each time we have to take our cars in.  Earlier this year they performed a complete checkup of my 2004 Jetta and let me know all the things that I could do to keep this baby running for (hopefully!) another 100 They are polite and very helpful. I've always brought my mercedes to them and they were cost competitive in comparison to the dealership and other shops. Plus they really do understand German cars and how to fix them. There is no issue that they can't tackle!!!  reasonable quotes.  I also appreciate their expertise with German cars so I know it's always done right."  after only having taken it to the dealer for the first 9 years I had it. I just got a new C240 Thanks for saving me some chedduh so that I may make it raaaaaaain :)" Thanks to Jim and the crew for keeping my old Porsche tip top!! In and out quickly and the job came in below the estimate!! loyal to an independent mechanic in Scottsdale specializing in Japanese cars.  when i got an audi they sent me here.  great referral.  they are reasonable and trustworthy. "Horrible customer service. I had to call to get updates and then had to wait for them to call me back. Told my car was finished then went the next day only to be told it was not finished  but their stubbornness prevented that from happening.  The techs at the dealer laughed when I mentioned I was told it was a battery issue.  Haven't had a battery issue since or had the warning pop up again.  I wont be returning to German Auto unfortunately.  I did enjoy their shuttle service and Bernie (awesome guy).   I wanted to save money like everyone else I learned several years ago to stop going to Chapman BWM and use German Auto Service.  This place is fantastic and has saved me a great deal of $$$ and aggravation.  Their service techs take the time to go over everything with you and have always been able to answer all of my questions. I have found a repair shop I trust!!!" "so far so good- fingers crossed our car doesn't die again soon. :( but when it does happen "They've been servicing my Benz since the warranty expired. They explain everything up front and continues to do a great job every time I go  and most of that time I've had it serviced at German Auto. Eric and the guys in Service are VERY well known to me. They are not pushy and have looked for less expensive options when possible. My good experiences keep me coming back for oil changes and repairs  the workers seemed knowledgable and the car was finished when promised.  Also my stay was pleasant while I waited for service and enjoyed the complementary refreshments." The only negative thing I can say about them is that they don't do any service on weekends.  They do Not even a sorry when I arrived the next day. There are plenty of other places to get your Benz serviced in town." Very knowledgeable and descriptive when explaining the work I needed done. Services were completed super fast...and they gave me a free bmw mug! I will be back to complete additional recommended services! I've taken two different cars here with great results every time.  They really know the ins and outs of BMW's and Mercedes.  I've never been upsold for anything I didn't need.  They also are very good about giving you a ride to work or back home if needed. I've been taking my BMW to German Auto since I bought it 4 years ago.  They do great work at actually reasonable prices. Highly recommend! Took my car (BMW 528i) in for the first time for brake service and potential new rims. BMW dealer stated my brakes were good but rims were warped because of run flat tires. The guys at German Auto got me in quickly. Confirmed my rims were not warped and got my rear brakes and rotors changed for $300-400 less than the dealer. Car was ready and washed on time and shuttle took me to/from my office with little wait. So happy to find an honest repair shop. Highly recommended to anyone for BMW repairs. Best service ..!!!! Unbeatable mechanics and I love mikes detailing all together why I keep on going back Great service! Got my oil changed from there and was about to call for a ride and found out they had a driver as well. He took me where I needed to go and my car was done much quicker than expected! Would definitely recommend!!  but they didn't want to do it.  If I was the owner of this shop I would fire that employee immediately.  Thought I would call them as I was recommended by a friend as an alternative than going to the dealership and getting raped.  Very disgusted with their customer service."  suspension and drive train.  I wouldn't trust my car anywhere else.  If you have a classic this is the best shop in town.  But if you're looking for a shop for your daily driver  my impression of it was that it was a boutique muscle car place.  When a friend told me that he had all of his cars serviced there for years I was intrigued.  I took my 2002 Tahoe in for an eval and Phil and his team were thorough and objective in their analysis and explanation.  I liked that they weren't ""selling"" or pushy but really just matter of fact in giving me my options--- from keeping it running and stable to really fixing it up.   Their rate is extremely competitive and they over-delivered on timing and service.  If anything I took my car to the Toy Box to have them take a second look at $800 worth of work - strut replacement - that another valley mechanic had quoted me.  Turns out there was nothing wrong with my struts and they saved me $800!!  Their honesty and integrity will be remembered and they have gained a customer for life!  Thanks again Phill and crew...you guys are the best!!" "Took my car into the dealership for warranty work and found out I needed new front brakes and rotors.  The cost?  $800.  No thanks!  So I shopped around for a service shop that works on German cars and found Auto Europa.  They offered the best price (half of what my dealership wanted)  but a good body shop and great mechanic are priceless tokens!! And when I had a BMW the guys at Auto Europa were my best friends :) (to put it in perspective  and I also intend on notifying the dealership I purchased my vehicle from of the issues in the hopes that they choose another BMW shop in the future to service any used BMW's that come onto their lot.  What a complete and utter nightmare."  the owner has been very professional and gone out of his way to resolve any issues. Jason runs an above board operation and I would recommend my grandmother to these guys. Thank you." I was able to get a car with low down payment and bad credit. No one else would give me a loan. They did  after finding out that Auto-Europa actually owned the car and was responsible I tried calling to get insurance information. I spoke with Jason who was rude and dismissive and refused to give me any info so now I have to hire an attorney to file a civil suit. If this salesman Joseph Pratt and the owner/manager Jason are any indication of the type of service and sales it's my duty to warn everyone of their scumbag practices."  first month worth of payments and all the towing)... Words of advise...STAY AWAY FROM THESE PEOPLE. There are way better dealers in the valley that will help you. We now have to save up for another down payment for a different car. They can eat s**t."  This is your 3rd accident without insurance and you still manage to maintain a legal drivers license( amazing). You then decide to take legal action against the person you hit. You are one of the reasons that the legal system is filled with frivolous lawsuits. Just another example of someone looking for something for nothing."  my fault for not looking at the mileage. Two days later the truck is making a horrible noise and it sounds like the it is about to fall apart. I pull over only to find that the driver right front tire was in shreds! It turns out that the tire that blew was the wrong size for the rim. The rest were on their way because they were all dry-rotted. My boyfriends dad takes care of the tire issues Way to go Auto Europa/ EZ Pay car and truck!!!"  but I saw the service bays and figured I would ask if they could help me. Ricardo immediately came and looked at my car. He showed me that a belt broke and then told me the reason my steering wheel locked up was cause my pulley broke as well. He was able to get the parts and fix my car in under an hour and charged me less than any other shop would have. I am definitely coming back next time I need repairs!" "I bought my truck there and it broke down in the first three days. The new battery they put in was the smallest and cheapest one they could find. Made for a small car like Chevy Aveo  we were required to get some documents before we would be able to finalize everything. The lot was very busy with customers and Kevin took care of us by explaining all of our options. In the end  how much I wanted to spend and all the features I would like to have and got me exactly all I asked for! Highly recommend this place !!"  disgusting how they can even be in business. I wouldn't recommend them to my worst enemy  Steve has always been there and willing to answer them. Thanks Jabers! I'd highly recommend to anyone looking for quality previously-owned cars =)"  I feel they are fair and honest and  they will go to the auction and look for what I want and bring it back and sell it to me. This they told me.  I am really impressed and very happy with the my car. I went from a 2009 to a 2008  we left and decided that they must not have needed our business that badly.  At least 1 person saw us out there.   We were prepared to test drive and purchase a vehicle that day.  Very poor customer service!" Greg Nichols and Brandon Watson are very professional  They have an excellent customer service. It was the most easy and stress free car buying experience. Surely I'll recommend them to my friends and family. THANKS GUYS!  WE LOVE OUR JEEP!!" I highly recommend you check out Cave Creek Jabers  it is what they say it is! I would suggest that you do all negotiating prior to your arrival  but let me tell you about the two front runners up there Brandon and Greg were amazing. This was the first time we have financed a car and before this experience I always stayed away from used car lots and would buy cash from a private seller but because of these guys I will be back to finance another. I'm a full time college student at asu me and my wife are just venturing out in the world so we don't have the best credit but they still came through with payments we can afford. They are just great they stayed in constant contact with  us after we drove away  breathing down your neck like vultures waiting to pounce. Bought a car here and would never go anywhere else!!!! The prices are fair and well below any lot around. May be small "Got 2nd car here and will be getting a 3rd in the next year or so  Great cars and great people love this place and the friendly family atmosphere! 3 angels right here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" "Nothing but good things to say about W D Smith and staff. They have very reasonable prices and will go above and beyond to make sure their customers are satisfied. Absolutely the best place to go if you're trying to reestablish your credit or are a first time buyer. This was by far the easiest car buying I've ever done. There wasn't any haggling over warranties or interest rates etcetera but when i went to see the car in person the parts in the vehicle in seat on floor i turned around and walked away."  but the price was always good and the service impeccable. He does not do a ""hard sell"" but lets the product speak for itself. I am surprised at the naivete of the previous post. Anyone looking for reliable and having a baby should not be buying a Buick that is almost 20 years old. My daughters and I only purchase from Tom Velonis." Great cars for great buys. Need I say more? Known Tom for 21 years and has always given me the best deal possible. I've had the same experience with him for the 21 years I've known him. Genuine and honest.  has no problem with you poking around the car (I almost crawled in and around the thing Once you sign the contract all signs of friendliness disppear and you are left to your own devices. The salesman i talked to admitted that his job is to ""sales-talk"" and that is what he is being paid to do which means he will stop at nothing and say all those sweet-sounding lies and half-truths til you get bamboozled into signing. After that everything goes downhill. A bunch of good-for-nothing scam artists!"  but this was my experience and I would not recommend Big Bell Kia due to the inappropriate nature of the owner and employees."  Big Bell Road Kia worked with us then making us happy and again this week they exceeded my expectations. We are looking forward to buying a Kia Soul with them in the future." Salesman Tony Sol and his dealership are apparently a team of bait-and-switch con artists. Steer clear."  in/out in less than 3 hrs even after test-driving 2 vehicles.  Went back 10 days later to talk to them about getting the same deal for my sister-in-law.  Did an even better deal in less than an hour.  They even drove the car to Tempe "Changed hands from Big Bell Road Kia to Earnhardt Kia from a Friday to a Monday with no warning. All new staff and no records from the previous owners. Had an appointment to take our new car in on the 23rd of August for some problems that Big Bell Road Kia had agreed to fix. Service had no record of our appointment  the quote to do the maintenance and a few repairs on my RX at Bell Lexus was $800 less than at Scottsdale Lexus and they could guarantee me an RX loaner (I needed the rear air and room for the stroller). Now I'm frugal so I would have driven all the way up there from Ahwatukee to save $100 but $800! That's crazy! Not only that  you are always greeted and walked into your service consultant.  I work with Debi at Bell Lexus and she not only gets everything processed and my car in for service quickly but also always has a loaner ready to go.  This time it was a 2010 RX which made the fiancee happy because she is looking at one as her next car possibly.  It gave us the perfect opportunity to drive it around for the morning and see if it was something that we truly liked. I think we are in trouble because we both definitely thought it was a great car for her.  Back to the service though. I had my car in at 8:30 am and I had a call by noon that my 15 Invoice date 6/23/10"""  the finance manager was right out of a movie.  A typically use car salesman attitude and persona.  He tried to take advantage of us both on our trade and lease.  I will never buy another vehicle from Bell Lexus.  Next time Scottsdale Lexus.  Buyer beware." Juan Mendez & Michelle Chavez" "Their service department ripped me off. I brought RX330 in for a blown engine fuse that should have been covered by the extended warranty. The service writer called me and told me that it was not and I had to pay for it. She then told me the fuse was INSIDE the engine. They charged me over THREE hours for this repair "I am so surprised that this only have 2.5 stars. I use their service for my car for the past three years. The service is simply great and kind and effective. It's not cheap but it is Lexus. If I call and leave a message they always call back. The service is always done on time. I always get followup calls from the service manager. Compared with other companies Would NEVER go anywhere else for service on my Lex  painless car buying transaction.  Richard was great.  We arrived at 4PM and left at 5:15PM.  Start to finish I am truly sorry the sales side couldn't complete a deal with us for a new Lexus because I will miss their service organization."  STAY AWAY FROM THIS DEALERSHIP." "Extraordinary Lexus dealer.  We bought our car right before they moved into their new location and they treated us with the same care and consideration at both spots.  We got a good deal on our vehicle and service has been a fabulous experience since moving to the new digs.  The facility is state of the art and the staff is second-to-none in the state!  They don't play games  all of a sudden additional repairs are suggested that would almost triple the original amount I was expecting to pay when I went in for the check up.   I'm taking this car to a reputable local mechanic and will be dollars ahead  Bell Lexus was not really competitive on price I have only owned a Lexus for a little over a year. I absolutely love my car and am so happy I chose Lexus. Richie Sanchez has been my Service Consultant for my Lexus service needs and I love his exceptional service. I feel extremely well taken care of and always feel respected.  Makes me feel confident in the service I receive. Thank you!! "Did not inform me of (optional) Data Dot activation fee of $268. Asked for a refund as I do not want this and they refused. I love Lexus and Toyota I would gladly recommend Bell Lexus to anyone. You guys are amazing and have won a customer for life!"  but had my first service at Bell Lexus North Scottsdale while living in Arizona. This is my first Lexus (after switching from BMW) and I was impressed with the process from start to finish. My service advisor was friendly and efficient. My service was completed within the quoted time frame. While I was waiting  steered me to a used lexus.  After I told him what I wanted (a new vehicle) he said I needed to pay an additional $750 to transport the car I wanted to Arizona.  The idiot behind the managers desk was no better "I've been getting my car maintained at Bell for the past year and every experience has been positive. I absolutely love coming to this service department for 3 reasons: 1) amazing waiting area with fully stocked cafe + attendant--super fancy and the girls at the cafe are always polite  and I was trading in a car that had a high retail value and little owed.  I promptly told Barry he was not someone I wanted to do business with  I wanted a 2016 model. Was told first that all that was available from Lexus was 2015. I was also told that they didn't have the color I was looking for which was white. After them scrambling around for 20 minutes they came back and said they have a gray one. After looking at the vehicle I pointed out that it is a 2016 model on the window sticker. My son after looking at the lot found a new white one that we brought to the dealers attention as to what stock they had available ?  After 45 minutes and asking for a price since they said they had a special sale going on and everything had been priced to sell Looking for a new LS.....I wont shop here!!!!"  and Hillary will really listen to my needs and wants. Also the food and treats they provide are very appreciated by road weary warriors. I know I'll never talk about my Honda ever again. Thank you everyone at Bell Lexus." See David Bonnell...He has been my service advisor for years. Always honest and he goes above and beyond to make sure his customers are happy.  In fact Buyer beware and look at every number they put in front of you.    Or better yet After going to the other Scottsdale dealership I was pleasantly surprised to arrive here! Deiter is one of the best service guys I have  be met. Genuine and honest. Then I had the pleasure of meeting Neal in sales! Don't go to anyone else if shopping for Lexus in the valley! Worth the drive! "I brought my Lexus IS-F in for service after is began making a loud knocking noise. The technicians did their best to diagnose the noise and came up with some possible service options. Ultimately  and had my car back to me within a day. Very professional and respectful. I found my new dealership for service!" POOr customer service and LOTS of attitude.  Stay AWAY! Not very responsive. Yesterday went to purchase a vehichle and for price negotiation the manger never came and was sending the sales guy who was with me for test ride. And in 5 mins it was kind of a take it or leave it treatment. There were no effort from the sale's guys manager to meet us except greeting at door to introduce us to salesperson for test ride. No effort was being made to check how was the experience wat can they do to make a deal. This Lexus is just out for your money apparently David from the service department is amazing!  He is such an asset to this dealership and I hope the owner knows that.  you meet with a technology specialist who teaches you about all the features of the new car. We met with Martin Bustamante. Martin helped us learn about all the features of the new car with complete patience and kindness. He was such a funny and nice guy and we really enjoyed the whole experience. Thank you guys!" I have purchased 2 vehicles from Bell Lexus of North Scottsdale dating back to when the dealership was on Bell Road. Neil Washburn has and will always be my sales person. I have been in sales over 40 years and I know a professional when I see one. My interaction with the  staff from Dave Vore (sales manager) to Neil to Karen Winsborough (finance) to David Bonnell (service) has been a pleasurable experience.  friendly & professional!  Shannon & Doug are the best Service Advisers!"  making the whole experience great!  I felt like I was back in small-town Indiana!  Thank you!!!!  I am so excited!  I hope you are inspired by my review.  Happy car shopping!  Jen Case" 