"Don't waste your time.1- they dont sell regular paper and hardly have poster paper.2- its really hard to find any thing of use. Most things are archaic and not in a cool vintage way.3- the owner is a bitch. During park(ing) day 2010 she waited 3 hours before coming out and telling the artist "" i find what you are doing is discussing. I dont support your tree hugger shit...."" extraordinarily rude."  make sure you drop by this store....you'll be pleasantly surprised.  They've around nearly 160 years....they know what they are doing."  while you're waiting you may be graced with the presence of one of the cats that roam the store or walk to the back to say hello to the beautiful Shar Pei or Bernese Mountain Dog in the back. I guarantee that after spending some chill time in Weldins  I went over to see the cat. The cat let me pet it and followed me around yowling for attention. I picked up the cat to hold and the man that works there was very rude and ripped the cat away from me. I will NEVER NEVER go back to a store that treats animals or animal lovers that way. The shop isn't that great anyway." Charming store with high quality items.  I've purchased business cards and placesetting cards. The staff was very attentive and detail oriented. Great customer service.  I found a delightful card next door at CVS. It was made of wood. Very unique. Go figure. ;)"  someone wandered in from the back and rang up our items.  She said the man who told us to wait was helping with ""a very important wedding.""  I guess all customers aren't equal.  I won't bother shopping here again. The high prices and poor treatment don't add up."  very sad.  They are absolutly DESTROYING their reputation!" We ordered our wedding invitations here... they have a wide variety of choices in all budgets.  We were impressed with the selection.  We have not received our invites yet  Write Ons is your place. They had a LARGE selection of invitations for any event you could think of and if they don't have something that you have found online that you like...they will order it. They also always have great seasonal items in the store to collect  but I actually needed help and the lady working there was too invlolved in another conversation to give me the time of day.  Whatevs.  Great selection  if you're lucky) invitation shopping. You learn a LOT about the different possibilities and styles." I wanted to have a new engraving made and new envelopes made to go with my existing crane cards and note paper.  The first time I tried to place my order  quality stationary cards I always find here.  I also love to run out of cards and have an excuse to come back in and roam around the store "Really creative and innovative selection of gifts and cards! They inspire you to say ""thank you""  and I'll probably come back here when I need more. I'll update my review when I do that This is the only place I go when I need greeting cards. The store has a wonderful assortment of gifts and seasonal items. The women who work there treat you like family. I also never write Yelp reviews--I just was so bowled over by the terrible customer service that I felt compelled in hopes that other people won't waste a trip." I love this local stationary store!  I go for unique gifts and cards you don't find anywhere else.  The staff is terrific and helpful.  They have invitation orders and some fine paper.  Scrapbooking supplies and some gifts.  Perfect escape from corporate hype. If you are in the market for stationary or custom invitations this is the place... recently I had to get some invitations made for an engagement party I was hosting.  Being none artistic and a guy I was pretty intimidated... but Lydia was a great help... she understood what I was looking for and was able to get in and out in about 20 minutes and send me a proof within 48 hours.  Great customer service... but you also pay for it.  we created beautiful invitations and programs. Everyone commented on how custom and unique they were. PaperJoy's prices are beyond fair for the type of custom attention you'll receive. If you're not looking for a ""cookie cutter"" look definitely stop by PaperJoy. I can't wait to work with Lydia again for other paper needs."  though. Just seemed like too much trouble. Thats the main reason I went with someone else."  the owner was very helpful in making my ""vision"" a reality.  Great custom stuff!!!  Can't wait til my invites come in!!"  they were a a fun bunch and a great resource in coming up with ideas  unique stationary. The people who work there are very helpful and creative and really take the time to help you. It is a bit pricey and every time I've ordered something from here This is place is so cute and in the perfect location...I go here to get special cards and stationary every now and then...it is on the pricey side but everytime I have gone in here they are sooooooo nice!  It is such a lovely little store and I would recommend it to anyone as long as they do not mind spending a little more on it!  You can do special orders for weddings and parties...I have never ordered anything from here but it looks like it would be fun (but expensive)....Try it! "I love Paperjoy!  I used Paperjoy for my wedding invitations when my first option fell through.  Lydia and her team were able to accomodate my requests Cute store tucked in by La Grande Orange and Tammi Coe. Parking is a challenge to be sure. They have tons of gorgeous paper and although what I was looking for was a little obscure and not something they had....Lydia took the time to refer me to where she thought I could get it. She had a great solution to another item I was looking for and even emailed me a link to some great ideas. Great customer service and a beautiful product. I'll come back again for any of my paper needs. I love this store. It is adorable and you are able to pick up some unique pieces. The staff is friendly and I enjoyed stopping in. mG5WTamjKzje897WkCXiTA I would never go there again. I walked it there and the guy looked at me like I was bothering him. I guess my money will bother him too. It's always my goal to support independent small business owners but Lydia makes it so easy.  This woman and her staff are one in a million!"  we are getting married at the Waldorf Astoria in Chicago (I was visiting family in AZ and wanted to involve my Mom in some of the planning).  If she wasn't so judgemental and allowed us to look through some examples we may have used her  too.  Why shop on line when you get the best quality and service while helping an independently owned local business!!  A fantastic place!"  wonderful service and an abundance of high quality goods. Buy your paper here!" I just found this local gem and love it!  The prices for stationary are very reasonable and the staff is very helpful and sweet.  I was about to give up (obviously a non-option). We scheduled our appointment with Lydia who is a gem. I brought in some ideas and she was a step ahead of us once she got a grasp of our vision. VERY adorable store! I am so excited to get our invites. And her price point was spot on for what we budgeted. We will definitely be using Paperjoy for all of our stationary needs going forward." 