 or clinic in town. If you need Cardio services this is where you should go."  walk this way"" walked so fast I had no Idea where she even went then came out of a room and says "" I said this way!"" Then she starts talking to me about my health problems while we were still in the hall... I almost felt like she was on drugs... The Doctor finally came into the room.  He had the worst bedside manner I have ever seen! He did not want to hear any of my symptoms. He wanted to run all sorts of test... how did he now what i needed? He was suppose to be one of the "" top docs' at the institute...  When we were done  one who actually listens and has the courtesy to at least wait until I leave to snort and laugh about whether or not you can believe this chick.  I would never ever return to this place  and getting yelled at later when you want your test results sent to your primary care doctor  reflux in the vein and blood clots.  Dr. Ravi was professional and took great care of me.  His entire staff was helpful and professional.  My wait times were never long.  I hope to never have these issues again but if it occurs I will be going back to the heart institute to be take care of." After some research we found Dr. Garn at the Dobson Location! All I can say is that we love him and we actually look forward to seeing him for our 6 month check ups. He spends a lot of quality time with us making sure we know exactly what the latest update is on Heather. He seems very thourough and doesn't want to just go in and do a ""heart cath"" which we are grateful for! Staff is great and wait times are minimal compared to otehr places."  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Dr. Stock.  We have the utmost confidence in him." "Good experience.  The dr was very detailed.  I wasn't 100% comfortable with the sonographer "Ditto on the sonographer!  She seemed super irritated because my 6 month old son was crying and upset the whole time.  We were all super nervous and uncomfortable and she did not help the situation at all.  The actual doctor and nurse (Kristy I think) were great but the sonographer lady really rubbed me the wrong way.  He's a baby with no shirt on laying in a cold room with a stranger messing with him!  Of course he's going to cry!  Learn some bedside manner and help console him not say things like ""can't you give him a binky or somethin?"" NO!  He doesn't take a binky!" Dr Stock is AMAZING! We are so glad that he branched out on his own so we don't have to pay the ridiculous faculty fees anymore. I have 100% confidence with him for my daughters cardiac care. He is so patient answering all my questions. You couldn't ask for a better cardiologist for your child. My only complaint is that I wish he could be my cardiologist too! I went to see Dr Cherkuri for an initial visit. I found him to be knowledgeable and empathetic. They looked busy but not rushed. The staff was overall very friendly and seemed to want genuinely talk to you. Overall it was a good experience. gVEtYzzezWoy1Jfvtv3ZLg 