Best ever!  I have brought them my Oriental rugs for years and they are always perfect when I pick them up. I highly recommend them!!!!  you can count on the fact the job will be done right.  I have only had one question ever and they immediately redid the job to get it right.  Sometimes you have to wait a little longer to get your rugs clean but guess that's the price you pay for a place that is so popular that they can get swamped!  Nice people who are very professional in what they do.  I think their prices are reasonable  they left a bald spot in one of the corners.  I could not believe they let it go out of the shop looking like that.  When I called to complain  and I have always been impressed. They do a great job on rug cleanings and repairs. I have taken dozens of rugs to them over the years and always  pleased with the quality of work. They are pretty affordable too. Would recommend to anyone." I am a Scottsdale Designer and McFarlands has been cleaning my customers rugs for years. They are the only one I would trust with Persian and Fine Wools. Area rugs  look new when they are done. Whether you want to roll it up and toss it in the back of your pick up truck and bring it to them or ask them to pick it up. Whatever your choice is you won't be disappointed. I have lived in the Valley since 1974 and they have been working for me that long. I recommend them over anyone else. They spend the money on quality cleaning and you don't pay for a beautiful building. Let them do the cleaning right the first time.  delivery etc. I usually give companies a few shots to get it right but I will find a new place to take my clients rugs in the future."  the edges are all curved and the rug looks terrible laying along the straight lines of a tile or a wood floor. Also one corner you can see all this white stitching on the the top of it  and doesn't have the honesty to meet the basic service warranty." The cleaning was average at best and the hassle and renegotiation makes it a no-brainer to avoid this company." Update: Filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau on 6/5/13... to date the company has not cared enough to respond.   Make sure you think twice. G_BJabq5HDoDLZe77a-ULA "This is a scam. I purchased this from Groupon and called them up. Told them the requirements clearly. Day of appointments their ""truck breaks down "". The next day they turn up half an hour late. Then they say oh we thought you wanted carpet cleaning. We haven't brought the equipments for your laminated floor cleaning. I said thank you very much please leave after talking to their boss on phone. Do not buy this Groupon !!"  but they did do a fantastic job! If not in a hurry I would use them again." Bought the groupon which is only for the labor. I was upsold on the chemicals. They showed up late and made me wait. The cleaning part was done well. There van broke down in my driveway.  and explained everything in specific detail. They didn't make me feel stupid nor discounted my ignorance. They are every bit as good as the leading companies and at 2/3 the cost. I highly recommend this company and feel people on here are very uniformed and do not have realistic expectations. I do not work for Zee Best Carpet  and affordable and I would recommend them to anyone and will most likely hire them again in the future." and a vacuum. After he left I went upstairs only to have my socks turn black w the dirty water that the machine left behind. Had to spray w half bottle of febreeze just to take away musty smell. Coulda rented a Rug Dr for half the price and same results."  very professional. A little up selling but that comes with the territory. I'll definitely use them again." Nothing like bringing your girl friend on the job and not honoring the price of the Groupon.  SMH  Lesson learned always check the reviews before you buy the Groupon.  he went the extra mile! The stripping and polishing of the slate got my flooring looking better than it has ever been. Neighbors and family expressed how noticeably shiny the floors are and will be calling zee best for work on their floors. The cost beat any other quote in town Booked on groupon for a reasonable price.  Tech was on time and courteous. I had to pay extra for pet stain treatment but that was disclosed to me and it worked so I am happy with the service. I would use them again.  they called 25 minutes after the appt time to say they couldn't make it due to their truck breaking down. I was not happy so they said they could come the next morning at 10. They did not show up so I called the Company number and they said they couldn't get a hold of the guy either. I have already emailed Groupon to get a refund."  so he did not have to come out and clean my carpets. Then he hung up on me. Please save yourself the grief and go somewhere else." These people are phone spammers WHO WILL NOT STOP! They call several times a day from three different numbers all with the same area code and prefix but the last four numbers fall into three repeat patterns. The calls always come through as Adobe Carpet Cleaning. Based on the harassment from these people I will never be a customer. I don't care if their service is the best on earth and free. They have harassed me for three months and will not stop calling in spite of numerous requests to be taken off their call list. I would recommend them to anyone who needs their carpets cleaned" Robert  from Adobe  cleaned my  carpet today   and my  couch.... he  was  very  friendly  and professonal.... he   did a awsome  job.... you  can  tell he loves  his  job... thanks   robert!!     i would  reccomend to anyone  and  he was even a few minutes  early...... do not use these people.  friendly and thorough! My carpet looks like new again! I have already recommended Adobe carpet cleaning to a couple of my friends I used a Living Social Deal.   Super easy to book an appointment (very happy that they were able to do Saturday).  Bo was here on time and did a great job!   He was able to remove stains I thought were hopeless.   I will definitely use them again. "This company constantly harasses us by calling every week. We have told them to stop. 6027491677 is the number they call from. Their way of gaining customers is horrible. I honestly would get service from them when I need it Bad company. Do not use. Check negative reviews on BBB site and here on YELP.    Phone spammers of the worst kind. Also asked them to stop calling and they wont. What a way to upset potential customers. I will post my negative experience with them everywhere I can because of their bad practices. They wasted my time and money and taught me a lesson. Go w/ the pros. I could see where the cleaner walked all over the wet/washed carpet w/ his dirty shoes. My cleaning lady said I got ripped off and now I'm hoping to stop others from getting ripped off!!  Find anyone else.  especially since our number has been on the list for over 31 days.  I encourage anyone who has had the same experience to do the same.  Go to the National Do Not Call Registry and file a complaint" For a three cushion couch it cost me $72.95 for the guy to wash it with a so called 'germicide' and whatever else. Took him about five minutes to go over couch....that's it. No conditioner NEVER USE ADOBE CARPET CLEANING." "Got their LivingSocial Deal for 3 rooms. They arrived early and got started. Carpet came out great and even got rid of some old stains. Had to pay $3 for taxes. Only negative is I would have liked them to move the furniture I do not recommend them!" "I should have read these reviews prior to hiring Adobe!  What a waste of money!  30 day guarantee forget that!  They called me to sell me their services after I was already displeased with the quality of their work from the week before. When I explained that I wasn't pleased the salesman was very polite and said that he was going to transfer me to a manager so that they can make things right.  When I spoke to the manager I explained to her that I was not happy with the work and that they didn't need to call me to sell me anything.  Instead of trying to resolve the cleaning issue she said I advise you to stay away from Adobe.  Far  and are in and out fast. I called them to come today b/c my puppy stole a purple pen off the counter and chewed it until it exploded ink everywhere. I nearly cried!! But Bill came out and got the stain out as if it had never been there. His brother I sincerely hope your other customers have better experiences.'"  just to show me that it could be done.  It was amazing! I waited 48 hours before writing this review just to be sure the spots were really gone when it dried. I will definitely call them in 6 months when it is time to clean them again. Jeff was very professional and friendly zXpGuJBWnH0idWXLlLc7Qw I hope they go aout of business soon. I got to believe they have ripped off so many people already. I will be calling the Chandler Police department to watch my home after this incident. The guy is dangerous...... Chandler  if you have too much money to still call them please shove it down your toilet and avoid the hassle  !!!!!!! Horrible is the only word I could use." warning warning  do not use these people.  they constantly  telemarket and do not stop calling even if you ask nicely.    this is one of those companies that you will wish you never dealt with.    trust me i know There were some spots I didn't think would come out but he got everything back to looking great.  Thanks!" Updating my recommendation: Avoid at all costs."  and did an AMAZING job. What a house SHOULD look like after 4 people cleaned for an entire hour. However A to Z has been cleaning for me since 2007. They have never missed an appointment and always do the job I expect. I am very happy with them and would not leave for anything. Shawn the manager always seems to be there whenever I need something and makes it work out.  I too bought a groupon as a test to see if I could use them in the future. I called to reschedule my appointment 47 hours prior due to unexpected visitors and the manager was very rude and told me it had to be 48 hours and if I wanted to cancel I would be charged a 50 dollar fee. When the ladies arrived the head lady was very rude to the point I felt uncomfortable leaving them in my home for an hour alone but I did and was not impressed with their work at all  after having a baby and some surgery and moving into a new house I decided to splurge on a groupon for this service.  My husband was here when the crew came and says they were friendly and efficient and gave the full amount of service that we paid for.  When I came home "I have used A To Z Housekeeping a couple of times and have always been happy with the results. I appreciate the professionalism and excellent customer service: appointments are routinely confirmed "I have used several different cleanings services over the years. Typically I pick up a discount coupon in an effort to check them out. I like the fact that Shawn got in touch and stayed in touch all the way up to ""the crew is on their way"".  The crew consisted of four workers (which kind of overwhelmed me) but when they got here they were hard at work within a minute or two. An hour later they were on their way and I was very pleased with their work.  My only comment would be they need to get a little better vacuum! I can't account for the up and down ratings but based on the discounted price and the overall performance-I would certainly use them again!" 