"Had new carpet and wood floors put in my house.  The sales rep was very helpful.  I chose my wood floor and she showed me another from a different company that was exactly like it that was on sale for half the price.  Same with the carpet.  She explained why the more expensive one might not be practical with four grandkids playing with toys on it.  How many businesses steer people to less expensive when they can? I was uncertain about having the work done at first and she was very patient and let me take my time.  No pressure to commit.  I appreciated that.  When I did commit Their salesperson is too pushy and followed up around. Carpet is too expensive compared to other places. "These guys had the flooring contracts for our new apartment building - and they look utterly gorgeous. I had a few follow-on questions (spoke with Kenny) Best ever!  I have brought them my Oriental rugs for years and they are always perfect when I pick them up. I highly recommend them!!!!  you can count on the fact the job will be done right.  I have only had one question ever and they immediately redid the job to get it right.  Sometimes you have to wait a little longer to get your rugs clean but guess that's the price you pay for a place that is so popular that they can get swamped!  Nice people who are very professional in what they do.  I think their prices are reasonable  they left a bald spot in one of the corners.  I could not believe they let it go out of the shop looking like that.  When I called to complain  and I have always been impressed. They do a great job on rug cleanings and repairs. I have taken dozens of rugs to them over the years and always  pleased with the quality of work. They are pretty affordable too. Would recommend to anyone." I am a Scottsdale Designer and McFarlands has been cleaning my customers rugs for years. They are the only one I would trust with Persian and Fine Wools. Area rugs  look new when they are done. Whether you want to roll it up and toss it in the back of your pick up truck and bring it to them or ask them to pick it up. Whatever your choice is you won't be disappointed. I have lived in the Valley since 1974 and they have been working for me that long. I recommend them over anyone else. They spend the money on quality cleaning and you don't pay for a beautiful building. Let them do the cleaning right the first time.  delivery etc. I usually give companies a few shots to get it right but I will find a new place to take my clients rugs in the future."  the edges are all curved and the rug looks terrible laying along the straight lines of a tile or a wood floor. Also one corner you can see all this white stitching on the the top of it  I highly recommend this place. We will definitely be going back there again when we save up enough money  and find enough time to tile our kitchen floor."  and they were in and out without trying to force a sale on me.  I liked this so my husband and I met with them on a Sunday in their shop (they opened to accomodate us) and they were friendly and honest from the get go.  They told us that we could probably find a cheaper alternative but the quality and service most likely wouldn't compare to theirs.  They said they aren't the cheapest but definitely not the most expensive.  They have a wide range of styles and price options available.  Once we placed our order Thank you Tom and Christine! It was a pleasure to meet you :)" "This place is amazing! They recently installed laminate floors in our house and the service was exceptional from the moment I walked into their store. The lady working their was extremely friendly and very helpful. The owners are very easy to work and professional. I changed my mind several times throughout the project and they continued to support the changes with a smile. George "Baker Bros ROCKS!!!  Needed new flooring.  Went to Baker Bros.  Richard helped us find EXACTLY what we wanted.  Richard took METICULOUS measurements so the order was correct.  Alex and crew arrived to install sheet vinyl and LVT (luxury vinyl tile -- which is VERY COOL STUFF!).  Everything was done professionally and courteously.  These guys knew their stuff -- the install crew of three had 35 years of experience among them.  Without a doubt "We ordered carpet for the whole house last year but could not get it installed until this year because I was recouperating from spending a month in the hospital. The installers show up on Monday and start putting down padding and I noticed its two different brands and we had paid a lot extra for upgraded pad so after several calls one guy leaves and has to pick up new padding. When he comes back it is still two different pads and all they said was it's the same (they spoke very little English). We also were charged for moving the furniture Scream and yell in your show room? Wow. You guys are liars too. That's wonderful." Horrible customer service. I was quoted a price on flooring over the phone and even met with the salesman in the showroom who confirmed the same tile and price. When it got closer to filling the paper work they doubled the price and gave me no explanation as to why. I will never buy nor recommend this company to any of my friends or family. 