 the people at the Munhall location are great! The cars are excellent My family and I were treated well.  and plan to talk to the Better Business Bureau about their business practices when I return to town on Monday."  I hope that whoever trashed the inside was held responsible. I would have been embarrassed had family members or friends ridden in it with me. I covered the back seat with a blanket  today I finally made time to pick up the papers and phone and make a call. They first said I returned the car late and then after I explained the situation and offered to send the photo I took that demonstrates the clock discrepancy  and also the cheaper rates and friendlier service!  Thank you!!!"  but I'm glad Avis was able to find a solution that worked for us. Thanks 06SQoq5EV4XAY-yKrEtCQg "I rented a car with this location as the drop off point. I returned the car to the parking garage as instructed and then went to the front desk. I signed all paper work and returned the keys. About 4 days later I received an awful phone call where I was being accused of causeing damage to this vehicle. I became very angry. I called the location back and was again accused of causing ""concrete"" damage to the vehicle. I asked the lady if they had viewed the cameras in the parking garage to which she replied  they always give me good service and have met all my expectations when dealing with them. Only drag is the setup of their agency... cars are kept in the shadowy depths of a narrow parking labyrinth. Pro-tip when you're returning the car Then all the staff repeatedly said like a parrot ""call corporate"". She was as useless as a TSA agent. And she ask the customer to go to the car and perform her work. I had to run t the car and record the mileage for her. Why didn't I get paid then?"  one of the customers that had been at the widow while we were waiting came back up.  The car they had just given him had left-over Burger King and trash sitting in the front seat that they'd ignored.  They don't care about their customers The car is very costly and they will not tell you the about insurance amount. Enterprise is much better Phone texting the whole time."  and we would recommend avoiding them as well since you will end up dealing this Enterprise branch and staff.  Highly disappointed all around."  this may be due to the fact that the Atlantic Southeast is having a water shortage so I'll cut them some slack and only deduct one star.  The trip from the terminal to the rental car lot was quick and the wait for the shuttle bus was short.  The staff is friendly in that Southern charm sort of way.  Do yourself a favor and bid on a rental car through priceline.com.  If you pick the right category  the car was fine. ::shrug::" I do not recollect the name of the lady at the counter( twice)..she was very nice  I may have to continue renting from them to abide by my company's policies. Otherwise  you'll be damned if you piss someone off in customer service because they will let you know! And we ended up waiting much longer than anyone else there to be handed the keys to a car that had been ready almost and hour and a half. I wish we had video cameras to record the absurd service we received. Granted 3.  Pay the extra dollar or 2 per day and stay away." "I am only reviewing the Gold part.  I had a company reservation and then I had to go back and get a car seat for my family in the middle of my business trip as they were going to visit me.  The lady on the 800 number said that I needed to cancel my current reservation and then add another one with the baby sit.  Like for real??  I just went there Consider this your fair warning. If I could give this company zero stars 2 words: unorganized chaos. I hate when rental car companies are offsite from the airport. Then the line wrapped around the door & they only had 2 people helping people!!! Will be avoiding this place in the future. One of the worst rental experiences of my life. Computers were down and had to write out rental agreements by hand. Waited over a hour for them to process 4 rentals. The line behind me very long and no concession was offered. Got a Chevy piece of junk Aveo. Talk about a tin can on wheels! Transmission sounded horrible (grinding sound) and could feel the vibration at certain speeds gears. Barely had enough power to go up a hill and still maintain highway speed. Next time it Avis or anyone else beside Hertz. Have yet to recieve my security deposit that i was suppose to get over three weeks ago. Horrible customer service and there is so many fee's after the fact that they will not inform you of. Not only will i never use hertz again i will suggest to anyone who visits to get basically anyone but hertz horrible.  30 minutes with no explanation. I finally confronted the manager as to why they had plenty of cars sitting idle over in the Gold Club section but were parceling out cars to us non-Gold people at a rate of 1 every 20 minutes! 30 minutes later  NC airport Hertz location would rate as the worst I've ever experienced. I'd confirmed various details of my agreement with Hertz's 800# but when I got to the counter (after waiting half an hour at the airport for a shuttle van that never came -- I eventually took the National shuttle and walked over to Hertz!!) the manager claimed they couldn't abide by what we'd been told and as a result our bill was almost triple the original reservation. Attempts to rectify with the manager on duty when returning the car were met with ""that's not our problem"" and ""well Don't get scammed like I did. Avoid Hertz and go with a reputable company instead." Totally unacceptable service - that's an oxymoron with Hertz Charlotte."  the service was terrible. Can I give zero stars?"  although there were 3 employees standing in the return area."  I have had FAR better at other Hertz locations.  Yes I have had far better at other car rental companies." "I am a Gold member at Hertz.  And the last two rentals I have done there were not up to the gold standard they promise.  Both times I arrived at the Charlotte airport hertz location  arrived to a dirty Mini-Van! Really?  The NeverLost in the car did not work (no sound). They didn't seem to care. Exactly :)???"  and don't get me started on the Hertz call center which staffs only people who know decidedly nothing about cars.  But in terms of positive vs. negative experiences  I went to the Hertz desk and explained the situation to the staff member there.  He politely listened and understood.  He then fixed the issue over the next 5 or 10 minutes "People here were really friendly but the price ain't right. I do have to give them credit because they were the only rental place that had cars remaining  again no one offered to help with the bags. driver did not ask anyone on the shuttle what airline we were flying on and dropped us off at baggage claim! Worst service ever!" Nothing about the experience blew me away Even though we had a reservation we were made to wait for a car. If they're going to overbook cars they should offer free upgrades to get people on the road. I'd look elsewhere.  just close down and leave that for people that understand that good customer service doesn't only happen during traditional business hours! Oh! And my accommodation made for my possible arrest?  A 10% off coupon for another rental... Let me tell you where you can put that... On my next trip out of town  because they really are that slow!! They really need to change their system here. Really Hertz was once a great company.  But every interaction I've had with them in the last 5 years has steadily shown them going downhill.  Well "They have the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Never again will I rent from them. When I needed to turn the car in an hour early in order to get to my flight on time  I can even select a different car if I don't like the car that was assigned to me. The agent at the exit gate was very friendly and I was on my way in no time. The only downside is that this is offsite from the airport. I prefer locations onsite to the airport But thankfully I didn't have to walk back to the airport to fix it.  A very helpful employee was nearby and fixed the problem with a quick phone call.  Only set me back a few minutes." I was referred to Hertz by Marriott by a call transfer when I booked the hotel at the airport...and unless Marriott wants to risk being guilty by association ***Do not rent cars from this location****."  and we are all being told there are no cars left--reservation or not. The customer service person is saying he has no solution. No cars. No service. You make your decision. Everyone is pi$$ed!!! I wouldn't come here. Ever. Again." I had a Gold reservation but arrived to find my name was not on the board. I waited in line with a dozen other livid Gold members and was then offfered a mini-van or to pay extra for an upgrade. If I gould give Hertz a zero I would. I don't mind filling up on my own so prepaying gas was not something I needed." Takes terribly long although I am Gold Member. Name is not listed on the board. Endless discussions.... It took 45 min to get the car.  but there were other things she could have done to accommodate me. The vehicle was nice and in good shape  not recommended. Three sleepy mumbling representatives behind the counter and an exceedingly long line that is not moving. Finally I get a car whose wheels go cloink-clink-clunk so I didn't dare to go anywhere with it. I exchange it for a car that has no functioning outlet so I can't even use my GPS. Total failure."  at the gate I just had to show my driver license and I was off to my destination. Return was just as fast  don't rent here. 45min wait time. The jerk ""Larry"" behind the desk as identified in other reviews runs this place like a concentration camp. Instead of being apologetic  not a single one would take two minutes to scan and print a receipt for one return. 45 minutes later I was able to return my vehicle. I've never had this issue with any other rental company and I will NEVER use Hertz again."  unfriendly and grumpy. Car was filthy and when I pointed this out and requested a clean cat they offered me an upgrade for a fee. I returned car and left two phone lap top chargers in car charger. They have not been turned over to lost and found so the staff is stealing. My second trip reaffirmed that the staff was not just having a bad day but that were bad everyday. On my return I was hurrying and did not refill gas. Drove locally around Charlotte for two days and used about 1 4 tank. I was charged $115 for a full tank and service. The mileage recorded is EXAXTLY 200 miles indicating that the just guessed an amount. HurtZ claim I returned the car completely empty but has no record or the inspection sheet. So I thought I would be helpful and do the customer survey on the hertz web site. But I needed a 5 or 7 digit access code. Three reps gave me codes that did not work. I asked the third to hold while I tried the code and he said I should call back if it did not work. http:  www.hertzsurvey.com   My exp with Hertz has been very good over many years but at Charlotte Douglas airport I will use another company It is the busiest holiday week of the year and they have one man working and two broken kiosks. 1 hour wait. I would do half a star if possible. Horrible. Gave my family a car and the next day the battery was dead. It takes forever to get the problem fixed and a new car. So we had a car that wasn't useable for half our trip and they still charged us full price even after we said we wouldn't pay for the days we couldn't use it. Never using hurtz again.  until people read the reviews and stop renting from them and impact their finances this bad service and behavior will continue.I will have to say the gentleman at the return line was the only person who tried to help. Their vehicles are dirty and smelly. Word to the wise "45 minute wait for a car I reserved a month ago??? Ridiculous.  The staff seemed unsympathetic to everyone.  In addition The bottom line is that I paid almost $120.00 per day for a substandard vehicle - this does not include any of the extras such as cdw all of which I declined - it is just the rental fee.  If you think I should have done some comparison shopping for my rental "Yet another Hertz location that doesn't have cars for reservations.  Ridiculous wait as they make us sit here waiting for returns to come in.  Seriously  I will forgo my Gold Hertz status and rent from either Avis or National.  Actually This is the busiest rental car place Ive ever been at. Some customer guy told me I was at his car even when I was able to open the door with the key they gave me. No darling it was not your rental car. It was kind of confusing. Lol. Located by the Charlotte Airport and you have to take another vehicle to get to the office you rent from. I dunno... Blur."  very slow service. Inadequate staffing for the volume of customers and nobody seems in a hurry to help. Find another rental car service at Charlotte airport." Small airport bit still gold board.    Just give yourself time when returning to take shuttle back to airport.  them proceeded to wait until he was sardine full before he left event though two other shuttles were there. Traffic was horrible and he inched along. A guy pleaded to get off and walk due to tight schedule but he refused. Twice."  shuttle and return service were great. My only complaint is that I have requested a Kia Rio twice and both times ended up with a Ford Fusion (these have a very rough and jerky transmission) We did get pretty good gas mileage though." As I sit here four over an hour I know I will NEVER use hertz again." I wouldn't rent from here again--there's just got to be a different rental facility at Charlotte that is easier to get in and out of."  sure. I have no doubts this place must suck sometimes  line keeps on getting bigger & bigger - no one even bothers to consider opening another counter. Its an embarassing service. I would give it zero stars if I could." I mentioned probably 3 or 4 times that I wanted the Altima.  Hertz employee continued to tell me the Toyota had a better ride and was a better car.  As I'm signing  I was left feeling like I just played poker at the casino... and only my money was on the table." Then I was set up in a car with nearly 60 Hertz would not honor the reservation we had made over 2 weeks ago. Instead they sent a manager to meet us at the pickup spot and asked if we were gold members saying it would be a 3 hour wait for a car. Thank god enterprise came through with a bigger car cheaper price and immediate availability.  get in the car and go. So easy and convenient. And with Hertz you know you get a decent car. And the price is reasonable....not the lowest....but the overall best value"  and this was the one time i didn't check a place out before paying for a rental...huge mistake! Look at other rental locations reviews  broken kiosks. Go with another rental car at CLT it will be well worth your time and money to avoid this sh*t show. I had a deadline departure time to be in my car. I figured an hour was plenty of time to catch the shuttle and pick up my car. Nope...incompetence reigns supreme. Shouldn't expect more from this GLOBAL rental company. Sheesh...ok I'm done complaining now. Be a gold member so you don't waste any more time." "We made our reservation through Priceline and were really worried based on the previous reviews. Our plane was on time and made it to the Hertz location only having to wait about 5 minutes for the bus. There was only one person in front of us in line and we were out of there in less than 10 minutes with no pressure for upgrades or any other sort of hassle. We were given a Nissan Sentra which was fine for the weekend The worst place to rent a car from !! They have no cars . Must wait almost 2 hours for a car and they don't care ! Stay away Richard... Thanks for your response.  RR 543397190 has miles out 66 Hertz was great. Our check in representative was very friendly and the car worked well with no issues. When we got to the airport at 430am to head home my boyfriend realized he left his cell phone in the car. The bus driver rushed us back and forth to the car lot so we would not miss our flight. I will use Hertz again. Avoid this one if you can."  at the same higher rate originally booked.  No wonder they only hsve a 1 star rating.  So much for being #1.  Guess they've gottrn to big and are full of themselves.  Don't bother asking for management.  They are worthless and could care less about delivering a quality customer experience."  I know you're trying to make a sales pitch but nice try playing with my emotions. The car I got was great but the sales people here are ok.  I think I'll try to go with Alamo or enterprise next time.....(or dollar if they reopen)."  and NO! Never again. All they want to do is sell you an upgrade and more insurance. Even if you have full rental coverage they keep pushing. After I said no a hundred times It's getting us where we need to be but we won't be renting from here again."  next my key fob (the electric unlocking device) didn't work on the doors and fortunately the manual unlock ""feature"" included a full siren and alarm if the car wasn't started within 10 seconds. The folks at the hospital loved that cool feature.   Return the car and no one asks how my rental experience was so I offer my review  2 stars second experience = 3 stars overall.  I will be back since my work regularly flies me out to Charlotte and we have a contract with Hertz  do not rent here!!! Staff isn't even friendly" eThu9hCL8NOjOxswQ-cFSg  10 min in and out. They provided excellent service and I highly recommend them over your disastrous eThu9hCL8NOjOxswQ-cFSg  flew all day and now stranded 4 hrs from my final destination and they could not have given a care in the world about it. Told me to take a train or something. I have NEVER had any experience like this in my life. Rented a car on the way back for $132 bucks with Budget. No deposit. That's how it should be! DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THESE SCAMMERS!! They don't care anyway." A person from Hertz named Laura contacted me to make it right and then never responded to it. I provided all information that was asked for. Wow... And the lack of customer service with Hertz continues...  total cost out the door 186.00 for 4 days. When I arrived to pick up the car I was told I would need $200 for a deposit and I was going to be charged an additional $141 for the rental. The deposit I was aware of but the $141 I wasn't. The gentleman behind the counter stated ""You went through Hotwire and that was their price and this is the difference and is not included in the price. My mother had the same experience with the same 2 companies. I was travelling to take my brothers ashes back east and didn't really have the extra money for the unknown cost. What if I wasn't able to come up with that money. The gentleman behind the counter was more worried about his cigarette break (that he had been trying to take for 40 minutes). Needless to say My family will NEVER go through Hertz or Hotwire for anything again."  there were only two clerks working. You have paid for the rental. Why does it take almost 30 minutes to get the paperwork. Then.....the inventory was limited. Car was not in the spot. Had to wait until it was cleaned. Will not use them again. Alamo here i come. Grab any car in the lane and drive away."  and the informal line waiting for them to have a car for you.  Been in rental car limbo for 35 minutes with family waiting in a restaurant for me.  When will there be soup for meeeee?!?  No soup for you!" "I arrived in Charlotte on Tuesday. I did the virtual check in with Tyler who was great. He got me the car seat that I needed without issues. Upon returning I had 3 bags and my son with no luggage cart to get my bags to the gate. Robert volunteered to drop me NEVER AGAIN will I use Hertz.  NEVER." In what world is it acceptable customer service to make me wait an hour for my reserved car in a nearly deserted terminal? "Top of the line service from GM Bryce and his team. I had reserved a convertible for the weekend and they were short on inventory so I had a luxury car confirmed - still would have been nice. I asked for the convertible and he promptly had his crew find one that had just been returned. It was delivered within a few minutes "I had a $50 Hertz gift card that I earned with my corporate card points. I chose to redeem these points for a Hertz gift card over all the other retailers available. I received the e-gift card  and printed it out for my trip "Had an odd experience with Hertz at the Charlotte Douglas airport. The service was very good but the signage is misleading and the system of getting to your car is weird. If you follow the signs for hertz you end up in the hertz gold club booth with 2 employees waiting to assist gold members and lost customers. Over the span of 5 minutes we watched them redirect 8 customers and assist 0 gold members. Afterwards we found a hertz representative who was able to assist "Reserved a car. They tried to get me to upgrade twice. Then after I didn't take the bait  Hertz was scrambling to get cars for customers who had already reserved cars. I was not going waste anymore time on dealing with this whole car fiasco until drop off. During drop off we were met with a fantastic customer service professional by the name of Tenille. I explained to her the situation and what had happened. She could clearly see that there was something wrong with this car. In less than 3 minutes she was writing on the windshield some Hertz coding to take the car out of the rental pool.  Tenille was extremely professional and apologetic about how this issued was NOT HANDLED.  I told her my most concern was that if I had been in an accident So CA stranded in Virginia" The worst. I book with them all the time because my company has a corporate rate with them and I pretty much don't have a choice. They are always rude and I always have issues. When you try calling them on the phone for any issues they DON'T pick up either! Don't bother. I will say the signage directing you to the lot was a bit odd and confusing - but we quickly figured it out..." I asked again and was told NO I had to deal with the office i rented from. When I returned my car to the airport it was 4:45 am and my flight left at 6 am. I was told no one would be at the counter until 5:30. My plane was boarding at 5:30 so that would not work. I called hertz when i got home and told my long story to a lady and she said that she could only give me a 50% refund. I told her i was going to file a dispute with AMEX and she said if i did that i might have a problem renting from hertz again. I told her there are plenty of other car rental companies and I would not be using hertz again...Soooooooooooooooooo if you are ever upgrade and they make it sound like they are doing you a favor ask if you are being charged for the courtesy upgrade and ask to see paperwork before you sign anything....Sorry for the long story....I left out some more phone calls talking to people that could do nothing to help...." Car didn't work. Rent from them if like a gamble." Nothing better to do than write this review while i sit in my rental car locked in the hertz lot at Charlotte Douglas airport. Seems hertz does not honor late pickups no matter how many times you confirm. They are more than happy to just bail and leave you stranded.  3 others in same situation. Awful. Reserved a car online well in advance. Got to the counter and was 10th in line behind other customers who were waiting for cars. We waited almost an hour for our car. It was almost like they were driving them in from other locations because they were low on stock or something. Other customers there on business and locked into a corporate contract were offering horror stories as well. Stay away from Hertz. NEVER AGAIN.  but Hertz doesn't do much to set them up for success. Take it from a Five Star Gold Member: avoid this location if possible. Unfortunately  but I was tricked into paying too much and then ignored when I complained." I am a Hertz gold member and my car was clean and ready for me. It could not have gone better.  the cleanliness of the cars were much higher than my expectation.  As soon as I returned the car back eThu9hCL8NOjOxswQ-cFSg Very pleased with my experience here. Easy in and out with the car. Friendly employees. Car was perfect for my needs. It was also less expensive than some of the other car rental companies at the airport. Easy access from the terminal. The worse ever don't use this place.  I had to wait over a hour. This is uncalled for.  Never afain "Easiest pick of a rental car ever. CLT did a great job positioning rental car garage right next to the terminal. No shuttle required. To those who had trouble with and complained about lines Flight into DC was cancelled and rerouted hours away from home so we decided to just drive. Got through the rentals with no problem. 35 minutes (and counting) in freezing temperatures waiting outside for this thing to arrive. How hard is this? Give me the keys and I'll find the freaking car for you. Absurd. Fast and easy service - loved it! A ladies tire blue out on the interstate while she's ok the tire didn't make it  lessons learned...saving $7 is not worth an hour of my time...they don't check the car for dents dings or damage so we will see how this works upon return...Bc there are scratches on the car...enterprise works hard for that $7 so I'll be sure to pay them in the future "I am a Gold Rewards Member with Hertz which makes getting and returning your car INCREDIBLY easy!!  The car was nice  ""you are looking at the wrong car""!!!   Just amazing.   This guy did not know what he was doing and we got no help at all from the manager.   Thank goodness the lady who originally checked us in was still there.   He almost made us late for our flight!   Managers and employees need to be weeded out of this location!"  no style cars into.  The estimated cost for a week was ~$221 so Hertz proceeded to hold $400 on my credit card. I guess they figured I'd likely keep it for another week.  I think it's time to try some of the others. Not to optimistic but I just can't continue to give my business to a company who continues to skimp and slide to the basement on quality and customer service." Reserved a Chevy Surburban sized-vehicle months ago...got to CLT with my 5 other family members and found my name on Gold # listed with a full size car.  Woman at Gold Counter said  that they had no more cars in that size.  I had to go into parking garage and find something smaller that barely worked for all of us and our luggage.  Terrible service.... Very nice folks in the rental department. Easy to get our car and seamless return process. Quick in and out. Great car. Thank you Hertz. eThu9hCL8NOjOxswQ-cFSg  but in the end it all worked out.  I don't hold it against the attendant.  There's serious lack of communication between Expedia and other companies Bonnie went above and beyond! She made our trip amazing. There was a mishap in our booking with the wrong rental car. We needed a 7 passenger and I booked a 7 passenger but I was given a small suv. Bonnie hooked us up with a mini van! Amazing work Bonnie! "The service at this location was okay but my major gripe was that we got a car someone had clearly smoked in and I am very allergic to cigarette smoke. The car still had ashes on the dashboard as well. No one came to inspect the car with us  unfortunately for me lately it's been a miss.  Look out for charges for options you didn't actually get.  For example  seen my name on the board with position number and went to that position to get the car.  I didn't care for the car to much Customer Service sucks. They didn't offer anything or verify insurance.  They were extremely rude and unprofessional. Acted as if they didn't want to be there. Provides us with the wrong information.  Just absolutely horrible.  but why make a reservation if they can't hold your car. I just don't understand! We had our two young daughters with us too. They put us on a wait list and said 30 minutes. It was 2 hours! They were not apologetic or anything. The one lady who told us our car was ready was rude! We went out to get in the car and she had assigned someone else the same car. That person said oh well and started it up and left. We waited another 15 mins for another car. They seemed to have several cars out in the lot too but we heard them say now the wait was even longer! Worst experience of my life and nothing made it better. No upgrade There is nothing like being stranded at the airport with no car and being forced to wait util they open the next morning and wait for people to drop off their cars. Plus Overall good experience. Since it was weekend had to wait more than hour to get the vehicle . Georgia assisted us she was great. This was our first time as gold members. Returning the car was also very easy. After being in the terminal for about 8 hours our flight was cancelled so we went to rent a car again. Georgia and her manager Nate helped make it happen at the same rate as we had been paying for the week.  so it was refreshing to be able to avoid the whole shuttle ordeal. The Hertz staff was courteous and efficient-- thank you!! I was assigned to a Nissan Sentra that had some air conditioner noise I rent a car roughly once-per-month and have never run into a facility as poorly run as this...."  and yet others bogusly arguing charges that seemed legit. The place didn't seem to have a protocol for what to do when customers go ape-$h!+ over fuel charges. It's just annoying overall to witness as a customer who is already mildly stressed about flights  but the hour we took to get there was not worth it. NEVER AGAIN  I strongly recommend that you A) carefully inspect your car and get a sign off on ANY damage or you will be expected to pay for it when you return it  choosing a car is fast convenient and the drop-off process is easy. I've only had a rental car through work so it's nice not having to fit the bill National at THIS airport has it all figured out!"  especially given that I'm executive aisle and can also choose from emerald aisle cars.  However t8Dz2luOZ-4NhT8DPxFdqQ I believe parking is available if you just need to pick up something at this car rental agency; while I would not suggest parking at the Cell Phone Lot as an alternative if no parking is available "I appreciate very much the service i got from the National representative in  Charlotte. I was connecting there for a flight to NYC when I got a message about a family emergency. Rather than wait several hours and spend several hundred dollars on a return flight home  the bus driver gave us tips and the person at the gate gave super-easy directions to I85 since my normal route was diverted." "I have always had a pretty positive experience at this location.  Quick shuttles as well as a decent selection in the Emerald Exec area.  The only time that  I have ever had an issue If you are an Emerald Club Member National is the best--bypass counter and just get into a car and go.  Wouldn't rent from anyone else. National - Charlotte airport. missed conection and no other flights with open seats. Short notice was able to get a nice car at a reasonable price and drive to my destination. I allways rent from National and will continue. If I would hve rented from Hertz I would have got a big piece of junk!  Thanks National !  National is really the best car rental choice at any major US airport Good Service and good cars. Some times the lines at the Shuttle pickup area could get very long and National Shuttles are less frequent than other companies even though they have more customers than others. "10+ years with National. Always a smooth "Quick & Easy check out in process with the Emerald Club.  Courteous shuttle driver.  Will definitely rent again Always good service service and plenty of car choices . This location has a emerald isle and which makes traveling easy  after midnight.  The staff was polite and helpful.  My only complaint is National is doing what others do  and started out.  The cars I have rented from this location have usually had the same problem -  inside glass   windshield was ""fogged over"" - windshields that get a lot of air conditioning blasts get this fog and it needs to removed with a clean  particularly on the inside.  That's not always something you see immediately when selecting a vehicle.  Please take more time to ensure the windshields are clean  and the employees are friendly." "This was my 1st time using national & I was very impressed.   I had signed up for their ""emerald club"" & when I arrived I had a great selection of vehicles to choose from.  It was quick & easy and I will definitely use National for all my future car rentals."  rewards and the fact that I always have a full tank of gas when I pick up the car. The staff is very friendly and professional and the choice of cars regarding quality are tops. Always clean. The only downside is the location at the airport and having to pay for parking Extremely quick and easy to deal with. It pays to use them because you can pick your own vehicle style at no extra charge. Much better than Hertz! Again it is only one & I won't hesitate to steer clear next time after the 3rd consecutive experience. And sorry won't take the name so can't help much there but here is some advice: Do not hesitate to call the manager if you encounter similar experience.  She might even lie that the manager just left for the day but obviously somebody is in charge every time and mostly more responsible so highly likely you will be heard. No other reason this facility will deserve anything less than 4 stars."  cars are in tip top shape.  Love that I'm able to choose my own car.  The shuttle drivers jump to grab my bags before I even get a chance.  They could not be nicer.  Even during the crazy Thanksgiving crowds  great service. Reccommended..." "I've always had a great experience at this National Car Rental location (and I use them about once a month). Staff is friendly  I feel that National Car offers the best value compared to the other rental agencies. I love the ability to pick your own car at the emerald isle. Another recent added benefit was the drive alliance We love being part of the Emerald club. Debbie was great. Our goto car rental location.  paper towels and clean then so that we could see"  tried calling all weekend and never got a call back. When I finally got ahold of them they told me that they outsource the cleaning and cant be liable for anything that was left in the car. And that was that. No effort at all to help me out. VERY DISAPPOINTED!! If you use this National.... PRAY that you don't leave anything in the car that you might want or need back. You wont get it!!!" My only neg is the worker that upselled me the prepaid gas package. I barely used half a tank and paid almost double. Pretty much a rip off Staff was perfectly friendly and the car was in great condition. Everyone from the shuttle bus driver to desk staff were very helpful and I was in and out of there in no time. Very happy customer : )"  answered all my questions with a smile. I signed up for the emerald club since I will be traveling to CLT often with my new job. It was the best thing for a quick in and out with no hassle at all. Looking forward to using National around the country."  and was able to get a last min reservation.  No issues with the staff or the car.  Great job!" "Love the Emerald Isle - especially at the new rental car terminal in CLT.  So easy - pick your car and you are out.  Without checking bags This is just one reason why I am an Executive member with National." I hope National (at all airport rental locations) will pay more staff for cleaning turning the vehicles in the future!" My flight from Charlotte to Birmingham was cancelled so I rented a car and drove home!  I had no problems getting a car at the last minute.  Thank you National Car Rental!!!! always great service...  SC so driving was my only option if I wanted to get home same day.  Within 15 minutes of a reservation being made with Emerald Aisle "I've been an Emerald Club member for about five years and wouldn't rent from another company.  Emerald Isle is so easy and quick  when a friend coworker introduced me to National 3 yrs ago. I immediately signed up for Emerald Club and never looked back. I have since referred everyone I know. They have great customer service Would totally do this again - AND the price was comparable to other car rental companies."  and off you go. No waiting. Return is just as easy. The receipt is in your email box seconds after leaving the car. No hassle." Sign up is free for the Emerald Club. You can start building your rewards immediately!"  and friendly service! Thank you National Car team."  and went ahead with my regular full size rental. Not only did National @ CLT result in my first disappointing experience with the brand  and now having the cars at the CLT airport parking building - it was an awesome experience!"  and rolled right up to security to board my flight. No wait. No hassle. No long crowded and hot shuttle ride with anxious fellow passengers."  the downside to this rental location is the lack of selection in the executive aisle compared to other locations."  pick your car and go. There is always someone around to help you find the isle if need be. Just join Emerald club."   It's the only way to go unless you like standing in lines waiting to rent a car." I travel a lot and have rented from several companies.  National's free Emerald Club makes it less painful to travel.  The cars are clean and ready to go without standing in line. "The process of renting a car with National was so easy. I contacted the 800 number  and reserved my car very quickly.  When I arrived at the Charlotte NC National car rental counter  Charlotte NC. Quick and easy pick up and drop . Courteous staff. Only problem I don't usually rate rental car companies but the National at Charlotte Airport is superb with their service! Very affordable prices to drive pretty nice cars. Will definitely be renting there again. Easy in & out...what more can you ask for??  I was surprised this process took a total of 15 minutes to complete (My company has the loss waiver in place for all rentals). He put us into a full sized SUV and sent us on our way. I was shocked how quick and smooth this went Pickup and drop off very easy. Especially liked not having to wait for another ride to get to the car. Saved a lot of time. Other airports should take note  National is by far the best.  There was no shuttle: it was just a short walk across the street to the car rentals.  We went directly to the car but they did not have any luxury cars [I had rented luxury t8Dz2luOZ-4NhT8DPxFdqQ  especially as an Emerald Club member.  The checkout and check-in of the vehicle when returning were both smooth and friendly.  I knock off one star because the selection available was not nearly as good as other locations I have rented from.  Still Through out the years and many business trips can say that National Car Rental has it together especially with their Emerald program. I just arrive at airport walk into the lot pick a car and drive away. No hassles and always a great selection. Weather its business or pleasure I highly recommend this company for any of your car rental needs. I see no reason to ever rent from anyone else. I had rented from someone else once last month and apparantly I had taken for granted how easy it was to pick up a rental at National. All I ever have to do is show up  I wish the rental firms would push the airport to fix the awning that leaks.  Creates an unsafe area with a lot of water when it rains.  Not a judgement on National but an overall thing to lookout for when walking to the rental facility (all firms affected)."  and the staff was impeccable.  I know it took a lot of hard work to make everything seem so simple.  The staff here should be commended.  I'd recommend National at CLT to anyone." "Being a member of the Emerald Club through my employer is one of my favorite benefits. I used the National Car Rental app on my iPhone to reserve a car quickly and easily. I was able to bypass the counter entirely when I arrived and could choose any car I wanted from an entire aisle of cars. Within minutes This location is actually the reason I use National exclusively when I travel for work or leisure." This is a great National location - I love that its now 'on property' and there's no more shuttle ride...saves lots of time.  They have a great selection of cars in the Emerald Isle.  Im a frequent traveler.  1) the rental lot has moved to the garage across from baggage claim-NO SHUTTLE! 2) a National employee noticed that I had a large amount of baggage and had me wait at the check-in booth while he brought a minivan to me.  Top shelf service." National car rental is easy to get to in CLT with lots of good vehicles to choose from.  I use National whenever possible as it's so quick and easy to get going to your destination and returning the vehicle.  the people that work there ALWAYS work to compensate you in some way. Really enjoy the new facility in Charlotte - super convenient and a great selection." The service I received from National car rental at the Charlotte NC airport was unparalleled - genuine and efficient. I would definitely use National again. I had a great experience with National and their Emerald Aisle makes it very easy and quick to pick up and drop off cars. The staff in Charlotte was great!  car was clean and leaving the lot was quick. When I returned the car the checkout was quick and I had my receipt in hand by the time I had my luggage out of the trunk. Very efficient and friendly."  just grab my bags and walk right out to the National parking  area and pick a car of my choosing. Just throw my bags in the trunk and drive towards the exit to be greeted by a very friendly staff member  while I'm an Emeral Club member they were out of cars for me.  I'm travelling on business so I wasn't aware of the race happening the weekend I flew in for the next several months.  I had an issue with the first vehicle provided to me. (Off the Executive row!) So they came to my office and exchanged the vehicle.  I have an issue with the billing  the gentleman checking me out actually walk me to where I needed to go.  I had a great customer service experience!!!"  I realized I had given them the wrong credit card since I was traveling on business and gave them my personal card.  The service agent quickly removed the charge on my personal card and placed the charge on my business card with no hassle.  Very courteous and fast." Always a good selection of vehicles in the Emerald Executive Isle "I love having my pick of the litter. I normally use Avis but my National is the company's preferred Rental Car carrier. I wanted a hassle free expense report so I followed the rules this go round and boy am I glad I did. Emerald Club lane was fast Everything I want from my car rental. Easy access from terminal both leaving the airport then returning. Always a friendly smile from the attendance and a very good car selection so I can play Goldilocks and get the automobile that fits me just right.  great staff (if you need them of course) and overall great service." "I have rented from National Car Rental at CLT on a fairly regular basis.  First the staff is very friendly and helpful when you need them.  They keep the cars in good shape Very fast. With car rentals across the street from terminal and Drop and go checkout. It's a very fast process.  Great selection for Executive Elite. Highly recommend! Always a great experience.  Easy to get to the rental cars- meaning great signage!  People are always friendly and knowledgable.  They always have cars too and good choices. Not something I would expect you want for a person who rents so much with you." "Never disappointed when I rent from National. I love the simplicity of selecting a vehicle in the ""aisle"". No long lines "New car rental location across baggage claim is a lot more convenient than before.  Lots of choices for vehicles either for Emerald and Executive Emerald aisles.  Staff is very friendly  but not overly helpful. I hope this CLT location will make some needed improvements." I will continue to rent from National at CLT and recommend them to other fellow road warriors."  and was directed outside immediately. Outside they directed me to an aisle where I could pick out any car. The car I picked had only a few miles on it and was wonderful. The return process was incredibly easy even though I had to change the credit card for payment. The whole process was so streamlined and pleasant that I will always check National first in the future when renting cars." They are so fast and easy to use!  I love the executive and aisle service.  You come off the plane and just pick the car you want to drive off in.  Drop off is super easy also.  They are my car rental company of choice for all of my trips. "Agent:  rude.  Manager:  rude.  They wouldn't rent me a car one way because I had a NC drivers license .  Went next door and got a car from another company   but Emerald Aisle selection is hit or miss. I've been out there twice in the last 4 weeks and the first time it was almost all SUVs (perfect since I was traveling with a coworker who was arriving on a later flight) but the second trip was all relatively small vehicles. I'm 6'1"" and not exactly thin  it is a very short walk from the baggage claim area of the Charlotte airport.  Being an Emerald Club Member has the additional benefit of skipping all lines and simply picking a car from the lot.  You can be in a car in 10 minutes after grabbing your bag." I'll stay with Avis and now I know why Time Warner doesn't use them as a corporate provider." "The most seamless car rental experience ever.  The agents were super friendly and helpful  I hate having to judge if I need to prepay for a full tank or half and I feel like if I don't use a full tank then I should be given some of my money back?  Pay for what you use  this team was most impressive on that morning."  I showed up with tears in my eyes at the Enterprise counter. Maleah was so incredibly helpful and caring. The group that helped me at the actual car rental site was equally professional and you could tell that they enjoyed working with each other. Even though other car rental places might be cheaper  you get at Enterprise a small car with no people willing to help you once you swiped your credit card."  great car selections and they give you the option to  choose which car you would like from their lot. Fast shuttle to take you to the airport. Can't believe how smooth and fast everything went."  you can just get the shuttle. The people here are friendly and helpful. Some Enterprises are working with tablets to do business Worse check-in system yet encountered in my travels.   About a 20+ minute wait after checking-in at the counter.   Will not go here again. If Enterprise was the last car rental place on the face of the earth and we don't have a car  next time we're in town (but also making sure we do an extra-thorough read-through of the fine print before we sign anything!)."  these are professional people working here. We got on the shuttle at 0700 and drove off the lot by 0717. Amazing!" Never EVER again. Stay away from this group of companies." I've rented here quite a few times. The staff is quick and friendly. The shuttle drivers are very nice as well. I recommend checking in at the terminal while waiting for luggage. Then when you arrive at Enterprise they take you straight out to your car choices. You can also check in at Enterprise if you don't want to stop by the desk near baggage. I've had a couple employees really pressure me to upgrade and that is annoying. They can see that I have a business account. If I was allowed to upgrade I would have done so already and it wastes my time when I am trying to get to the office for work.  Otherwise they have always been good and I've gotten the car I need. I'm happy to report that the situation has finally been settled. I'm thankful to the gentleman for reaching out to me. I will  certainly reach out to them again for my future rental needs. I have been a pretty regular Enterprise customer for the past few years and just joined the Enterprise Plus program.  My experience last week at the Charlotte-Douglas Airport  was terrific. I got my car promptly and was given top notch service by all the Enterprise team members.  I also got a brand new Jeep for only a $5 upgrade charge. So I really appreciated the manner in which I was treated by their staff. They have been good to me so I expect that I will be a loyal customer and continue to give them my business.  particularly to return the car to a different  location.  They explained the process very well.  The only issue that I had was that I had forgotten to pick up the direct contact information when I was in the office  boarded the bus and picked up my car.  Drove to GSO and arrived after midnight;  dropped off the key  and a bus was right there and ready to take me back to the terminal.  Good job by the Enterprise team."  polite and friendly! Will use them again definitely. Rates are reasonable. Rented a BMW!"  top notch service. After my reservation at Hertz got f'ed up I was panicking and stumbled upon Andrew S at the counter in the airport. We were quickly booked and on our way. Will return for sure!" The new building for the rental cars is beautiful and convenient! The staff was incredibly friendly and nice and I had a great experience.  I also really liked the car I rented for two days. The staff at Enterprise are wonderful. It is the auto industry I'd like to have words with." Outstanding customer service. They were happy I chose Enterprise. You do not see that with companies these days. The employes at Charlotte Int'l Airport were a pleasant surprise. I will glady use Enterprise for my future car rentals. xr0tU-S2z-X6rCOLMX18sw Enterprise is first class and makes it extremely easy to get in and out fast!  and this is the first time I've had a problem with the car." Best part is Customer Service call centre - courteous  every week and used Enterprise each week. The staff is beyond friendly. They are quick with the service  the person I spoke to couldn't help me and told me a manager would contact me soon.  I waited a few days and then contacted another location who quickly resolved my issue."  reasonable and reliable. I've never been disappointed.   I recommend this company everytime."  efficient and fair pricing are the hallmarks of Enterprise and why I continue to choose them over the rest.  Charlotte's airport Enterprise was all of the above!"  I have never been provided such a disgusting and dirty rental car.  The car that was provided to me had dirt and trash in the car and reeked of cigarettes. I had planned to drive the car to 3 destinatinations and had to drop the car at the second destination because the cigarette smell gave me such a horrible headache.  I travel pretty often and know rental cars usually aren't the cleanest--especially at the aiport Enterprise locations but this experience was unbearable.  I would highly recommend specifically requestibg a cleaned car and thoroughly looking over the car interior before accepting a car.  I'll be trying Hertz next time.." These guys & gals  set the standard that all others should strive for "Enterprise at the Charlotte Airport was great!  I had an unusual request and they handled it like an every day event.  All the staff were professional and social The experience has always been very positive for me." The people are really nice and helpful. I've rented from the Enterprise here now a few times and every time has been good. "Very good service and friendly staff. The only ""issue"" I have is that the phone number for the Charlotte airport location goes to an answering service.  A bit frustrating when one has a plane to catch and needs a quick response."  excellent service.  My friend had reserved a  car with another company that was more than twice the price!  She cx'd it of course.  Highly recommend this company :-)"  friendly and professional.  I even interacted with him upon return as he checked me back in. One person can make all the difference !" "Very fast and efficient customer service picking up and dropping off. The price was great and I got an upgrade for pretty cheap. I have a problem with the airport  quick and easy during a very busy weekend in Charlotte. The ability to drop off the vehicle at 4am the next business day was a Plus and the staff was very pleasant so early in the morning!" After a long day of travel on thanksgiving day we got to Enterprise to get a car around 11pm at night. It was my first time renting from them. My check in process was quick and everything explained to me very clearly. The lady that check us in was upbeat and very friendly. After the great experience i am planning on making enterprise my 1st choice in car rental. This review is for all of Enterprise. Your organization is top notch. You're customer service is so beyond everyone else's that it's amazing folks still rent from other places. And I have zero family members or interest in providing such a review. It's just worth saying because I keep renting from Enterprise and this is consistently the experience.  the customer service IN PERSON was great. I would've definitely given 4-4.5 stars if not for issues we had after dropping the car off. We realized we had left a very expensive pair of glasses In the car door after about 20 mins. Unfortunately we were already through security but we left a message on the listed number and figured by the time we landed in California we would have an answer.  We soon found out trying to get a hold of anyone there was literally impossible. We called multiple times for a month and left messages with no responses. Almost 2 months later we received a call back and surprise! They glasses weren't found in the lost & found. Like I said the rest of our experience was great the ending just left a bitter taste in my mouth. I will consider using them again but I will make darn sure I go through the car too to bottom!" Excellent service all the way around. My new favorite rental car company!  and friendly Enterprise rental in CLT.  Only complaint is that we don't fully understand having two locations; one for check-in and the other for pick-up.  We feel it's be quicker and easier to condense it into one location."  cheating and stealing."  so my rental car was already 4 days overdue. Of course ""renewing"" my contract entailed paying for the first month plus 4 days of late fees. Then the new shop wanted to charge me in advance for the next month. That didn't fly. I'm not sure how my agency is going to feel about exceeding the rental price previously locked in through Concur. That voucher is still in review. So Jenna was a doll! She was so kind and helpful in her customer service when our flight was canceled and we needed to reroute out of Charlotte. She was amazing-give her a raise. "I was in and out at the blink of an eye! Excellent service "After an dismal experience with AVIS I have forever switched to Enterprise!  The counter team are quick and courteous  there is NO way the car was washed.  I'm sorry but that's just NOT acceptable.  The car has more miles on it than my personal vehicle which is fine but I think it might be time to retire this one..."  go under construction overhangs and enter the large counter space for multiple rental car companies. Then once you work your contract  all the services are across the street. Will consider upgrade next visit as they do a good job and offer good value. Experiences like this one have helped me decide to make Enterprise my default rental provider." "Only rental agency I use because of its nationwide efficiency As usual renting a car through Enterprise was a breeze from booking to returning the vehicle. Everyone I dealt with was most professional in every way. From the moment I arrived at the counter to the time I drove away couldn't have been more than 10 minutes. The attendant who showed me the car gave me about 6 choices telling me the rate was the same on all of them. The only issue I had is I wish he had shown me where the gas door release lever was on the Nissan Altima I rented. When I stopped to fill up the car on my return it took a few moments (in the dark) to find it. Other than that I'll be renting from Enterprise again!!!  friendly service and a great car.  Enterprise so easy to rent a car and also return it. I would've given them 5 stars but you can never reach a person at clt location. I would like to be able to talk to someone when I have a question. but still loved the ease of renting and returning.  right at the airport. Pick-up and return could not have been easier! Very friendly and professional service."  was found to be due to an old take out container of rotten food with maggots that was left in the glove compartment. Both the smell and sight were quite disgusting."  I have quite a bit of experience with them. I cannot say how extremely helpful they are. They are accommodating and professional Standing in line at Charlotte international airport. Have a reservation and they have no cars ready. Line is long and the experience is horrible "Just great service from great people. They are not phony  shook my hand and introduced themselves to me. My transaction was smooth with no issues at all. We dropped it off at the CLT airport and everyone there was just has friendly! Yes It was a bit confusing with construction at CLT but once past finding the counter and heading up to the cars it was fine. The attending CS folks were very nice and friendly. Upon return promptly taken care of [not my experience with other companies]. All in all...a good choice for this city!  and each rental has gone smoothly and with no hassles. The check-in counter has one of the quickest lines in the airport's car-rental lobby The check in process is quick and easy as is the return process. I use the location in Charlotte many times a year and they have always had a great selection of cars to choose from. They are always friendly and helpful with loading my luggage and going over the details of any car I choose. I will continue to rent from them each time I'm in Charlotte.  that means I am moving up in the world.)   The process of picking up dropping off the car was very easy.  No lines at the counter and the car was clean.  While I was glad to have a car and the freedom it provided me in Madison.  I was glad to be able turn it in (and fly home) "Avis has tenants in the parking lot to give you a receipt I would except a fee similar to what octopus car wash would charge but 109.00 dollars is ridiculous!  Will not use them again." "If I could give zero stars I would. I travel every week for business and rent cars all over the US. I rent with hertz as I'm a gold member and I like the way I am treated. Hertz is known for having the best customer service in the rental car business. I am very disappointed that my review today has to to be negative. I returned a car today at hertz at the Madison airport. When I returned the car I was told the fuel would be 100 as we didn't refill. I explained to the consultant  it's cheaper to move long distances using an Enterprise van vs a Uhaul van.  The people at this Enterprise were incredibly helpful and friendly. My van had 200 miles on it and still smelled of new vehicle. Moving still sucks but at least my moving van did not."  but the car was pretty dirty.  The trunk was a dust ball and the inside was slightly better.  It was a holiday weekend The second time around everything was peachy and everyone was so friendly that my anxiety of having to drive a large group in a big van to Chicago diminished :-)"  and knowledgeable. She was able to accommodate my request for a specific car. The car was clean and drove great. Renting it and returning it were quick processes and I left happy."  but are fairly rewarded for work well done. And it shows. East Washington Enterprise is great.  And "I rented a car for the first time in my life on Tuesday. I went to Enterprise and met with Ryan. There was no wait and he was very friendly. He upgraded my car for free. When I returned the same day R6ojvMJvskHGBbtednMQ1g  but the manager that I talked to had a terrible attitude and all I just wanted to see if there was any flexibility or if they could simply check my credit. He constantly rolled his eyes and treated me as a stupid individual. Very unprofessional.  I do realize that I should change my license  the team did find me a car (which they have done a couple times now!!). They are very freindly-even when they are busy (usually first thing in the morning-best to go mid afternoon) and I do have a soft spot for this office since my Dad use to work with them years ago. I did learn this last time that I really don't want to buy a big pick up truck-extremely comfortable but huge vehicle LOL. Thanks team for helping me out these last few days!"  I will continue to travel from the airport to Enterprise Rent-A-Car on East Washington to rent a car" "My rental car company of choice has always been Enterprise for great weekly rates and excellent vehicles. My first experience renting in Madison could not have been better. The crew here is friendly I would sooner walk everywhere then EVER deal with this place again." The manager did give me a free weekend rental to try to make up for my bad experience. I would take consistent good service than a free weekend rental anytime." They picked me up on time and gave me a good rate. The return at Dane County Airport was just as painless. One caveat: moving season in Madison is August and this rental was in November.  That might account for the ease of the transaction."  and the only car rental places open on Sunday in the great city of Madison are the ones at the airport. (Uhaul was way too expensive!)  The polite man at the counter helped guide us to the best deal he could find and even let us cross that little old state line without paying a fee. We rented a van so new it only had 500 miles Edge: friendly staff. Even though they sneak a cig on the walk from the desk to the lot. Gotta keep it real." "First time renting a car and the people behind the desk were great!  They helped us through the process "This is a shout-out to Matt & Ashley at this location.  They are awesome!!  On a super cold day when it was already dark & snowing  caring service and a free upgrade to a great Jeep Patriot that we really enjoyed. Enterprise is all I've used for years and I don't see myself ever changing. Rare that service in your business is this good." Next month I will be renting from any other company besides enterprise.  There are about 4-5 to choose from at that location."  but this experience has me shaking my head. I landed less than 30 minutes early and went to get my rental. When I got to the counter I was told they didn't even have a car the property and would make some phone calls. They told me they had another car Word of advice---if you think your reservation with Enterprise guarantees a car "Typical Enterprise.  No complaints yCbzzYKkPe1kfeMDdGq03Q Wow - quite the rude encounter at Enterprise Rental at Madison Airport.  Usually really like Enterprise because they care about having happy customers and take responsibility for when they are not fair in a situation.  NOT this time!  Where are the Madison manners?!?  Dale is an awesome person. I enjoy his service and his positive attitude especially so early in the morning!"  and will go out of their way to make things run smoothly. I once called the day of a reservation to see if I could move up my reservation time  it came to me with an empty tank of gas.  I was told I would get a 10% discount for my inconvenience but that 10% was not granted even after 3 separate calls to the office (each time I was told it would be credited to my card immediately).  Also the car had an issue where the dash would light up with alerts as if it were over-heating and then one minute later  friendly guy who drove me to and from the Enterprise facility. I had a great experience here and would recommend to anyone needing a car." "I've been at this location a couple times now and everytime it's like the employees have a stick where the sun don't shine. They are so fake and put a smile on and a tone to their voices that just reek of them having to appear nice for the sake of the job. They picked me up 2 hours late and claimed it was due to them not having my phone number correct. But how is that possible if I rented from them so many times already? So then SETH REFUSES to rent me a car because the guy on the phone told me a different (CHEAPER) price than what they were charging me. He wouldn't help me out in anyway and was just a terrible employee. I have been calling corporate and complaining because it's not like this is just a cup of coffee Paul was very helpful in getting us the best SUV for our needs without exceeding the original terms of the deal. We were very satisfied with our vehicle and experience all throughout the trip. The next time I am in need to rent a vehicle....I AM COMING TO THIS ENTERPRISE!!" I will always work with this company and always rent from this location while working in Phoenix - its rare to find a hassle-free anything these days and this team is the best ever!" I gave them two stars only due to the girl behind the counter had tried her best.  It wasn't her fault.  The decisions were made above her." courtesy and professionalism in what they do.  I am so glad I chose this location. It is very refreshing to have the Staff remember  their customers name after 2 or 3  reserved rentals. It blew me away when I was greeted by name suffix and last name One tip: I believe the hours listed on Yelp indicate that they open at 7:30 AM.  However And there is not enough stars on this..i would give this place an 110 percent and more than 10 stars!" I have used Enterprise in other locations many times before and the agents were always VERY helpful. This time at this location the two agents who helped were both VERY busy but also not as friendly and the check in agent was a little surly and arrogant. The car was great and rate was fine but service was lacking.  but here in Phoenix it's easy. The Enterprise folks pick us up at the Sky Train station and get us to their office in very little time and no extra cost. They do the same when we return the car. We fly to PHX a few times a year to visit the family and have not had any trouble with Enterprise." I always rent from here. Great service. All my vehicle needs are always met at a great price.  the service professional never wavered from the effort to get us into a car.  We thought a few minutes in the parking lot on the one option (a truck) and another option with better mileage rolled in out of their car wash.  He promptly agreed to rent us this luxury vehicle without added costs. It is refreshing that Enterprise provides the young employees the broad authority to meet the customers needs. Thank you!"  the service is well worth it when you are traveling for business or pleasure - pop for the best Terrible service. They are so unorganized took them forever to pick me up when they said it would be 30 minutes they took an hour in a half. Do not rent with them.  the employee who was assisting me then took it upon himself to begin apologizing for the behavior of the other employees.  Too much!  Then they always ask customers when they leave if they are completely satisfied and if there's anything they could do be better.  I'll say. . .!!!" Most of the staff now know me and that's a good thing.I have always been treated with respect and quick rental check-in and check-out."  but it smelled like someone had smoked in it.  I was upgraded because it was the only other vehicle available.  Nice.  Thanks." The Chevy Malibu was hard to drive. Very difficult to see out while in reverse."  friendly service;  I've never had a issue with the staff or any of the vehicles I've rented.  Enterprise has a good loyalty program and being a Discover card member  the personal attention you as an individual receive far out-weighs the size of its interior. I will keep this location as my favorite! To all Past and Present  employees whom I've had a chance to interact with at this location. Thank You!" f1H9fcDsYl_U-nI8E4y5CA  said just to bring it back and they would swap it straight out. We should have gone on that day but due to other plans we couldn't get there until the weekend. What a mistake. When we arrived we were told there was not another car of the same level that we had paid for and we had to take some very small vehicle. We explained that we didn't want such a small car as we have children who will be riding with us and we needed something bigger. I understand that sometimes these things happen and we would have been happy to work through solutions. However Great and friendly staff. beware of this rental company. I upgraded to a sport car which was dirty and obvious signs of a heavy smoker from previous renter. They obviously don't clean inside or out of car. My overcharges were astronomical and the man on the phone was so rude I was in tears.This was the worst experience I have ever had with any type of rental company. I WILL NEVER RENT HERE AGAIN!" They do email updates on repairs which is helpful; daily if you choose so you can stay apprised on the status of your car as much as you'd like. For me this is a nice feature so you can see the progress and not feel like you are just lost in wait."  I get my car back and it's cleaner than I ever remember it and runs smartly. Color me happy I found them to be very unprofessional.  I will not use them ever again. I will have to call Statefarm and let them know how much of a joke this company is!" "My 2010 Prius was nearly totalled when I rear ended someone last October.  My insurance company recommended I take my car to Camelback Toyota Collision Center.  The service I received and the repairs to my car couldn't have been better.  I was regularly updated as to the repair status and the repairs were completed ahead of schedule!  Could not be happier; Thanks  and I finally had to have my insurance agent step in to force them to do the job right.  Very unprofessional Very rude and very unpleasant & very unprofessional!  Kriscia & Martha both the worst treatment and service I have ever experienced. Those two women shouldn't even have a job! After an accident you would expect someone to call you back to start service specially after faxing estimates over 3 times and waiting for a phone call back. I would never recommend this Collision Center to anyone. The crazy thing about it is all I ever was was super pleasant and super nice. then I'm transferred to a manager manager because I'm yelling didn't even raise my voice once! Not sure what planet they are on but both should not have a job. Expensive but they did a great job fixing the back end of my brand new SUV.  Perfect repair job.  Teresa in the front desk very helpful answer all my questions and concerns." Place is small and in a shopping center so might be a little hard to find. The service is great and they are quick. There are plenty of brochures on things to do and see if you are from out of town.  but reservation to start one day later. This latest reservation was made with a different agency. I will not be returning to the 3rd St/Bell Road agency any time soon. The entire interaction with the agent was extremely unpleasant." "Great business and AWESOME customer service...I initially reserved a compact car and realized I need a larger one for our trip and went right back inside and the upgrade was made without any hesitation.  I also scored a discount on the upgrade!  Couldn't be happier with this location Rented from here for years but under new management and it's awful. Unfriendly and no flexibility. Worse they charged our credit card for the gas fee when we brought the rental back full- that's fraud. So be very careful and remember just because they give you a receipt still check your credit card statement. This location is my go-to for car rentals. I rent cars from here on a semi-regular basis and James is always extremely friendly and accommodating. Wouldn't rent from anywhere else! "This place is is awesome! Straight foreword pricing and and professional staff. James is my new go to guy. Always ask for him! Just like with any rental car company Besides that...I can't complain. We've used this location at least 3 times this summer with no problems." I called Avis to reserve a car and was asking questions about requirements and form of payments. I was told to pay with my card had to do soft credit check  if I pass I can pay on debit card and I said can we do it over phone . James told me no in person . I said aww man then he hung up on me . That was very rude and unprofessional . He did not even finish the process of reserving car . I will not recommend anyone here . I always get the best customer services. I rent vehicles all the time and I will never go anywhere else. James is amazing and always helps me with all of my car rental needs .  always ready to get me in and out quick.  Every car I have rented have been very clean I usually travel alone never have had a problem with a car. Thank you for your great service!!!!" "My car was stolen. I needed a rental for about three weeks. The rep I dealt with for the entire period was James Mack. He's got a gas/car care person but he's the only counter rep. I dealt with him thru two contract extensions. He was personable 