 leave with a clean and dry car." When you come to this place it really looks like a dump but once you enter you get a really good service depending on how busy they are.  I haven't seen a place better in pittsburgh but they scrub your exterior with brushes to get the hard to get off bugs and dirt.  The car wash is automated as well and hand dried.  I got the platinum service which cleans the inside as well and they did a great job.  There were a few things that they missed but when I told them about it they took care of it.  When cleaning the car they even cleaned the door hinges area meticulously.  I was very happy that Pittsburgh has a decent hand car wash place and good detailing.  There is always room for improvement but these guys did a great job.  I would definitely go back again.  Keep looking at their website for specials they have 3x  $16 dollar car washes for $24 sometimes.  Great deal. They always do a nice job of washing the car.  Those touchless car washes never get all of the dirt off and this car wash has real brushes that actually cleans your car.  They recently added a protective cover to the wheel guide so that your rims don't get scratched.  The hand dry at the end is a definite bonus. "Giving my local businesses some loving. I frequent here & will never take my money elsewhere. There is a touch less car wash right down the street for the same prices who cleans half what this place does with no workers on deck. I personally prefer an actual hand wash anyday. They pressure wash the car down before you get into the actual car wash & afterwards you're greeted with 1 or 2 guys who carefully & precisely dry your car (& make sure to get off any residue the wash didn't take off) If you do come here  cheap car wash.  Don't let the place's appearance fools you.  My car looks spotless now even though it was really dirty last weekend after a snow storm. There was a line when I got there Pro tip: the little glass cleaner wipes they give away? Try leaving a few tucked into your front cupholder as a subtle hint that you live in Always have friendly workers there. Well worth the money to just drive right in and your car comes out spotless every time!!  and for years I've noticed the windshield and paint have gray spots after the car comes out.  They don't wipe off Mr. magic is one of the best automatic car washes in the Pittsburgh area even though they don't towel dry your car your wheels and your car will leave looking fresh and clean and you will be happy that you spent the money it's the next best thing to hand   washing your car "Growing up in Mt Lebanon I have gone to Mr. Magic for years and always thought and knew that it was the very best in the Pittsburgh area.  I had not been there for a while because of business travel out of the area  but I picked up a magazine and got lost in it for a bit. Once my car was spit out from the fettuccini looking sudsers and dryers Energetic young folk zooming around to make our cars nice and clean.  and the console was filled with water.   Armor-all protectant all over the place and not wiped down properly.  Air freshener that smells like urinal cake.  Pleasant staff  this is your spot. New special for $4 wash! No better place!" STAY AWAY - horrible customer service"  I got out to dry my windows and was told I wasn't ""allowed"" to do that on their property even though I just paid for a wash. Highly recommend you find another car wash."  dash and console weren't wiped down and only one may slightly damp which put mud all over my floor board. As I was there they had to take 3 cars back for a re-do. Manager seemed to not care and said thanks for telling me. Poor customer service!" "I wish I had read their reviews prior to going. Just to start I am really easy to please do it really doesn't take much. I paid for the $25.99 wash because my car had not been clean in about a month so it needed some tlc. I was pretty impressed my car was finished in 15 minutes until I got inside. The only interior cleaning was vacuum. They sprayed the Windows but obviously allowed them to air dry. The doors  quick vacuum and wipe down inside. The outside is your standard drive-through wash. It's a step above a gas station car wash." I love Autobell!  Really fast service with really cute car wash dudes.  Today they ran my car through twice (not cause it was so dirty surprisingly) but because they noticed all the bells and whistles wax stuff I had purchased hadnt gone right in the machine thing.  I would never have noticed!  But they did!!!  Super guys thanks!!!  Always bring cash for a tip :-D "I love Autobell but it feels like this location is a little slower (probably just because of the volume of traffic) and not quite as attentive to detail. To get any tire gloss or anything beyond a hose-down Worst auto bell in town. Do not go here. It wasn't even decent enough for one star. One drawback is that it is a bit more expensive than most places but I think it's worth it."  Auto Bell. We'll be coming to this location from here on out." These guys are fast but that's about it. Spent over $40 including having my mats shampooed. Had to point out multiple spots that were missed during the automated wash to the towel guy. You can tell they are all about quantity over quality. Next time I'll do it myself.  although the wash is available 24x7.  I plan to go only during normal business hours so that I can continue to receive the deluxe treatment." The service is excellent here and it's touchless so it doesn't scratch my car. Great to have hand-scrubbing before the wash by the guys that work there so that it really comes out clean.  Like that it's not some big chain--always great to support small businesses.  you get a free vacuum coin too! User it now or save for later."  new full service bay will be awesome too. Local owners and friendly staff. Definitely recommend."  so one peeled almost completely off in the car wash resulting in a deep dent to the bumper. They popped the quarter panel back into place and refused to accept responsibility for the dent. And you will have to go home and re-clean your interior."  I spend more money thinking I will get better service but it is never the case with autobell. This location was no different. Stick with the normal cleaning packages and it is well worth the money. Buy their upgrades and it is a waste." "I LOVE getting my car washed! It makes me feel happy and renewed! This location off Monroe road is extremely fast and they did a wonderful job shampooing my carpet and floor mats! The cost for this service is fair in comparison to other places who provide the same service. It takes them about 30 minutes "Meh... I'm not that impressed. I got the ""Manager's Special"" which was supposed to be their best package. They did a really poor job vacuuming and there were still dirty spots on my car. I pointed this out to the employee and he didn't do much to fix it. He said the vacuums couldn't get all the dirt off my mats... Really? My Dyson could. He just took a towel and swept the dirt off the seats onto the carpet... Umm thanks? For $30 I have logged over 100 visits in 2.5 years with no bad results.  You can get an exterior only drive-away wash for $5 from a car wash ten times better than any gas station.  Try them." A few tips... I would recommend trying to visit them at off times. They can spend more time with your car when there aren't 10 cars in line waiting. I'm not sure I'm totally sold on the ""Manger's special."" I think I'm going to stick with the regular wash from now on. I do recommend adding the armor all for dash and tires. It adds a nice touch to making the car feel extra clean and shiny. If you have any problems with your experience Great shop.  Been coming here for years and they always get it right. Turnaround ten to fifteen minutes for most trips depending on how busy it is.  Get the super poly and drive off happy.  payed for armor all and it seemed like they just smeared it on wherever they felt like.  Didn't vacuum between the seats.  I even gave a good tip up front to try and guarantee a good clean "This is the worst Autobell I have ever visited. You pay $30 to get your car clean and I had to back up and make them redo the inside. Terrible job!!! Mats not cleaned "Surprised by the negative reviews here.  Most are old.  We've been here since October 2015 and never had less than stellar service at this location. Clean  as you have to pull in behind the building and turn the corner of the building at a blind spot. Its about as narrow as one lane The manual car wash is very expensive. I am going to do my car at home from now on. The price of the manual to do a good job approaches a full service wash with interior clean up. Much to my canine companions chagrin  and good value ($10 for full automatic wash and wax). Convenient location and newly remodeled too."  but they also offer wash dry and fold laundry. I cannot say enough good things about this locally owned family business. (And then there's a car wash and a dog wash - A DOG WASH! - and a Culver's within walking distance if you want to sneak a treat when the other half isn't looking. Or you can grab a slice at Falbo's across the street. Or a tallboy It was well worth the money not to have to attempt it at home."  you'll have a great experience!!"  dry and fold your clothes for you (of course for a fee). If you're washer or dryer at home is on the fritz or you have a smaller household then this place is just for you. You can even wash your dog and your car while your clothes are being cleaned because they have that here too." Low cost good work. Two macaws in the waiting room.  Right by the mall on the East side.  and put it through the wash once more. Definitely more than I expected from any car wash facility... especially when I didn't even have to pay!"  and my car smelled like dirty rags until I got home and was able to wipe down the interior myself. They also didn't do quite so well on drying the car off - although I should have probably said something to the guys about doing a better job. Nevertheless "I paid $17.50 for an inside-outside cleaning and was given a dirty car. After agreeing that the car was dirty Go to OCTOPUS for the BEST WASH."  in the past I have had issues where they miss a bunch of spots or just wipe away a mess with a drying towel at the end.  I do think that it again "I've been to this location a couple of times.  I had a free coupon for them from a place that I got my oil changed at.  Let me tell you This place is the worst. They are super slow and you don't even get a good wash for all the wait. And the employees are rude. I would not come back here if it was free.  and new scratches on my passenger - side window!!! I just got this car 2 weeks ago!! Needless to say They arent pre ise or excellent but I will go here again when I need a sanity check on my interior." Not a good value.  The employees are rude.  I pointed out that I paid for services they didn't perform and the employee argued with me.  The manager isn't on top of things and isn't easy to deal with.  The product is over priced. "Never came back to this place. The people are rude! No hello "Wanted to get the cars washed yesterday because it was so nice out so I get that the place was really busy. But that is not a reason for employees to be rude to the customers. While waiting in line to go into the part where you leave the vehicle there was an older lady in front of me she took a few seconds longer to get out of her car.  She wanted to make sure she had what she needed. The guys vacuuming out the cars got really rude with her.  Telling her to hurry up. Again I get the place was busy. The worst part is the employees vacuuming the cars out started to talk about this customer after she left the vehicle calling her a bitch saying things like ""I ain't got time for this shit"" ""These people are dumb as hell"". Mind you my car windows were up and I had music on and could hear them just fine. Other customers inside were also complaining about how these employees were talking. I said something and so did somebody else to a employee inside but just got a shoulder shrug. That was my first and last time giving any money to this business. And to top it all off they did a really bad job with cleaning both cars. I could have gone to a gas station car was and gotten a better job done. I needed my car vacuumed and now need to go redo it because of the bad job done there." I always receive good service at this location and they are very fast and efficient." "We have been bringing our cars and trucks to Mermaid Car Wash for at least 15 years. We have never once encountered a rude employee. The service has always been excellent! The vehicles have always been cleaned to a level of excellence. A few times the line management was not happy with the level of clean  for a good scrub and cleaning inside and out. The staff is friendly and extremely efficient. Go for the Diamond Package ($19.99) and make sure to ask for the junk in the trunk to get vacuumed  efficient and inexpensive. My car is always sparkling. They sell booklets of basic washes plus some extra (rain-x I recommend this place for all your party foul friends that think your backseat is a trashcan." x7nnNkAXy9aI4KBz6RMerw Remember to leave a few extra bucks as tip Octopus promises and delivers. Recommended -- good quality serivce and excellent attention to detail."  a pile or grit still around my gas pedal (that also was not cleaned)...all this even after I complained and pointed this out to them.  All they did was ran it through the wash again - only after a bit of back and forth - the manager was actually reluctant to even do that.  No offer to help me out on the cost despite the splotch on my seats  befriending someone with a hose and cleaning my car myself from now on. I paid $8 for a wash in Atlanta at Cactus Car Wash with better results." x7nnNkAXy9aI4KBz6RMerw  that's bad) than torture my nostrils with the synthetic crap fragrances you guys use.  There has to be something better out there than this toxic smelling garbage [OK  not to much pressure to change what I wanted.   They cleaned the car well in and out.   I will be back....now that I live in Madison  but they spent nearly three hours on my car and the results were fantastic.  I didn't think it was possible for them to get rid of the smell in one cleaning I took the diamond pack and express mats. The car was dirty. Got it back nice and shiny but the floor mats were soaking wet. Details details... We use univ. ave every time and usually no problems . Looked like they were overwhelmed yesterday. no appt possible for detailing on weekends!!!!!   this is how this business's advertising should read.  always call ahead on weekends for detailing!!!!!!! The only thing I forgot to mention is that the Octopus is kid friendly for all ages (myself included). Make sure to let the little ones blast the cars with the ""sudszilla"" as they roll  by but Update.... Now I notice there are 20-30 nats or maybe fleas on the inside of windshield... This place is terrible..." "Managers name is Damion Diitsch... The meatiest of meatheads.. There are fleas in my car from the guys doing the interior too...morons.......they took 45 minutes to perform the""express detail "" they say will take 5 minutes. On top of that they do an overall CRAP job and do nothing to resolve the issue hen brought to their attention. MY PREVIOUS REVIEW WAS LENGTHY & SPECIFIC BUT IT WS TAKEN DOWN BY YELP. COULD THE RUMORS BE TRUE THAT THEY PROTECT CERTAIN CLIENTELE FROM BAD REVIEWS? Say it ain't so."  but the car looks all spiffed up for a few days which is nice. Service is friendly as well."  but then I came here. The washes are definitely way better. They do a much better job at cleaning the interior. I've never gotten anything over the $30 range He agreed to have an employee re-do the interior. The second time they got it right but I still wouldn't recommend this place." "This place is great. I like how you can watch your car go through the wash. The only down side is the inconsistency of how well the inside gets wiped down. It really depends on who is working on your car. I've had days when my dash is clean and dirt free  especially when they're busy. They seem to loose sight of what it means to detail a car. It's the critical details they wide up missing"  so clearly this establishment just rips off their customers. I urge all of you to find some other place to get your car washed in Madison. Bunch of thieves!!!" Worse place to get your car washed. Takes two hours to get a quick detail. They weren't even busy. Watched the guys clean my car. They talked more than detailing. They used my truck as a resting area to just hang out out. Go somewhere else. I have pictures of some of the nonsense. "This is a good car wash with good value.  They are quick Sometimes I get my car dirty on purpose. Dirty car. Bad Oh how I love my little guy.. apparently they do to!"  it's well worth rolling out on McDowell with shiny wheels..!  You'll be ready to take on anything.."  they do a really good job.  Worth it to frequent a local business rather than the chains." I don't recommend their detail service Li5LOL873Ep8HoPRML18sw  well done and bonus that they are perpetually friendly. If you want a sub par wash that uses brushes and the employees couldn't give a crap about you They also offer detailing & window tinting.  I've never had a complete detail here  your quality work is worth the drive and the wait." i guess i could have done it myself and saved the 25 dollars but i didn't mind dropping the extra cash to pamper my lady."  washed the exterior including rims and shampooed the carpets for $29.99.  I would come back." Now if they would only re-open their little coffee stand..."  every last speck of dirt and mud would be cleaned from everywhere.  I'd take a Q-Tip to the window down near the defroster vents to get all the accumulated little vapors off the glass.  But I know where El Tahoe will go and it looks better than fine now.  Los Olivos we'll be back." They kindly offered to drive me to the Arizona Center... don't do it "Los Olivos shines....I can say I have never driven off the lot unhappy. My car is always spotless inside and out. I get a hand wax there regulary for $39.99 which inlcudes a full wash and includes cleaning the mats. They have a variety of different packages to choose from $17.99 for ""the works"" and they did an excellent job.  The cashier told me it would take half an hour and it ended up taking only 20 minutes.  My car was perfect." Good prices and they do a great job.  Now if only they'd stay open late enough so that I could go after work instead of making me wait on the weekend. IM SORRY THAT MY $150 WAS A BIT TIME CONSUMING FOR YOU TO FINISH THE JOB WE PAYED FOR.  I maybe would have understood if we would have purchased the lowest wash/clean or something "Average car wash. Still have to take time to wash a lot of stuff they miss (ie bugs on bumper  this is a good spot. Today when I was there they were letting girl scouts sell their cookies  which i love. Danny's needs to take a group field trip here to learn customer service! LO's defiantly has the upper hand in the area. And for the price (i pay about $20 for the works wash every time) it cant be beat and i cant be too sour on it. It's really just minor things; sometimes they forget to wipe out the deep dish rim's thoroughly Stopped in here for a quick hand wash.  I had them wash my black car on the side rather than running it through the tunnel.  For $25 not a bad job.  A few swirl marks but overall pretty good. Great place to get a good hand car wash.  Much better than a machine and worth every penny.  there isn't anything worse than pushy salesman at a car wash.  My little car needed a scrubbing and they did great!"  they do offer a $2 discount to ASU students." BOTTOM LINE: Many hands beat auto-wash any day" They turned out to be a huge disappointment and we will not return."  they've never damaged my windshield wipers as has Clean Freak's mechanical beast. I've also never felt they were pushy when offering upgraded or additional services. Windshield repair: Quick. Indiscernible after repair. No out of pocket cost -billed my insuror.  Buffed out a bad scrape on friend's car I took in: Radical improvement in appearance: $10.  There is a big difference in the after wash wipe down by hand and it's definitely a positive difference." "First time today!  What was I thinking and why did I wait so long to head down here?  Seriously  and they aren't associated with Danny's Carousel in any way. And that's enough."  they say ""your tires are too wide""  So I'm like you just did the car two weeks ago... no response just looked at me like a deer in headlights.  stupid is as stupid does i guess." Attention to detail not only comes from the car wash staff but also from Gene who meticulously maintains the gloss and shine of all my Italian kicks." "I used to come here all the time only because they dont have those brushes that beat your car up..so I specifically asked them not to use the hand brush on the front of my car because they go so fast that the handle nicks the corners of my car.. So as I see my car going to the line up what do I see 2 guys using brushes on my car.. So we confronted the lady  and a great scratch free car wash at an awesome price!"  it makes sense -- just an FYI). You can also get a yearly pass that is a huge discount to the one-off washes. My entire family washes our cars here and will never go anywhere else." "I went here because of the Yelp reviews. i have a new car and this was my first car wash and wanted a hand wash so as not to scratch the car. I found the service pretty good. The only thing Li5LOL873Ep8HoPRML18sw Consistently a perfect carwash.  But their complete detail? Best in Phoenix hands down.  You will not recognize your car when you get it back.  It is like having the same car the day you picked it up from the showroom.  Fantastic staff and business! You will not be disappointed. I love this place." This is the only place I go to take my car...  Fabulously thorough and hands on this  vintage style car wash has a lot of charm. The friendly staff and smartly sassy owner makes me feel like part of the family.  making them look years newer.  They even popped a dent out of the roof of our car that had been bugging me for weeks (angry soccer coach and a referee son).  It's a little out of my way for regular visits but I definitely will be back for a thorough clean."  some rude woman who denied they did anything and refused to accept responsibility for the damage after they couldn't fix it. So......get your car washed at your own risk. Any damages Overall I feel like this is a good place to come and just have the surface of your car washed unless you want to pay big bucks to actually see a difference in the inside of your car.  Make sure you check your car before leaving to ensure they have actually cleaned everything." Terrible car wash!!! Avoid at all cost!!! Put a dent in my car and won't take responsibility. Worst car wash ever. "These guys always do a thorough job. My rig looks good every time. Really great value in a car wash.  Been there with my old VW van "After 6-7 washes this year they tell me my truck is too big to send through the wash. Its not like my truck has gotten any bigger over the last few months... I get the same BS everytime I go. ""Your truck is too big"" So P.S. I work at an insurance company. I spoke to an appraiser and found out that places should really be doing a dry shampoo to avoid screwing up the foam bits they have under your carpets and inside your seat." "Not impressed! I really wanted to like this place because it was voted a New Times best for a couple of years but I was very disappointed. I brought my new car in for its first wash after taking it to Cali for the weekend and having the front covered in bug goo from the drive. So I got my car back and noticed on the front bumper there were still bug guts left there. Also My wife and her family are long term users of Los Olivos and I recently had my first experience with them.  Probably the best car wash I've been to.  Friendly service and they definitely care about doing a good job; we didn't pay for detailing but they ran my car back through the vacuum more then once to get rid of the tons of dog hair.  The owner is obviously hands on and was there overseeing things when we were there.  A locally owned independent biz I'm glad to be able to recommend.  but not today.  After waiting for an hour for a basic wash I went outside to check on my car only to find it finished and parked off to the side.  I had waited in the inside waiting room the entire time never to be told my car was done.  This was odd given the older woman running the cash register noticed me several times as various other cars were being called.  Odd too that the outside attendants didn't repeat to the cashier that the car was done after seeing it just sitting there for an extended period of time.  After tracking down the outside attendant who had the key fob for the car "Been here a number of times before and have never been overly pleased with how the inside of my car was cleaned and frankly it appeared that they had almost passed over cleaning the inside all together. Yet I wouldn't come back. I think I will try the self service place on 7th Ave and Van Buren St -- you drive through a car wash but you can vacuum the inside yourself. I would do a better job than the vacuumers at Los Olivos"  it's one of those places where I don't feel like I have to strip my car of all possible valuable items or papers with personal info when I get out and hand the keys over." TIP: check in on yelp for two dollars off a hand wash" Again kudos to Rick as a gentleman and professional.  If this was his site alone I could raise my review substantially." "This place is way overrated!!! They let ur car sit for 5-10 minutes before they even start to dry it.  By this time the water spots are already dry and they miss spots in the front or sides all the time.  Their armor all has gone down as well.  They used to have the best tire gloss that would last for 10 days  and payed for it myself to show him how good this place is. When he picked up his car they jammed his key in the ignition and could not get it out. They took no responsibility for it and the owner told us it's not her problem. Then when we took it to honda to get fixed While it was 49.99 for the wax and buff i highly recommend it.  the wax guy was careful and thoughtful.  It looked great. I'm going to keep looking for a good car wash place I will never return to this location" They also messed with my side mirror and gave me a huge blind spot which I didn't notice until driving! I'm really impressed and will def. be using this place for all my car washes. Thank you Los Olivos for a job well done!" The rubber floor mats in my FJ are hooked into a c-hook to maintain placement. The brainiac who cleaned my car ripped the mounts out of the floor to remove and clean them. It's pretty obvious how to remove them without DESTROYING the mounts so needless to say I'm not pleased with this service "This is an excellent HAND car wash. They have an excellent staff with superb customer service. Their staff always gives you prompt and courteous attention Brought my car in last weekend for the supreme wash option. I have been going here for years...never a disappointment. My car looks like new and smells great every time. The employees are always courteous and pleasant. Try them and you will be hooked!  when I got back in my car it REEKED of body odor from whoever had been working on the interior.  It was so bad I had to roll my windows down while driving They pay high attention to detail which comes across in the quality of their work. If you want a job well done do not rush them. If I was giving a rating compared to other car washes I would give it 5 stars but let's face it none are perfect and the experience of waiting around is never that fun.  Overall they have great prices and they make my car shine. Been going here for a year now no complaints .they do a great job.I will continue to do business with them .  reasonable prices and I always leave with my car sparkling clean." Today was extra special because they're celebrating their 25 year anniversary and giving out free car washes to every 25th patron. Guess who scored? Felt like a total douchesquid though for being on the phone when I rolled up in the line. Whoops! Thanks for the wash though! My little car thanks you too!"  Friday afternoon. Good prices and you can get a $2 coupon on yelp. Drive through car wash Li5LOL873Ep8HoPRML18sw Los Olivos also has a shoe shining service available for all those that are stopping by during lunch from work." Good service but damm shit mother fuckers do they take a long ass time to dry your car.  Bring your lunch and be prepared to wait.  what I go back? Probably but I would plan ahead. I would either bring work with me or I would have a coworker drop me off and then go back for my vehicle later!"  you get 2 bucks off. You're welcome." "I started going to Los Olivos for car washes years ago bc they're a sponsor of the Mercury (the WNBA team)  I asked them for a exterior detail. They charged me 150 dollars for an ""oversize  SUV"" when in fact I had a little Land Rover What the hell kind of business are you running? They also claim to have a warranty on the tint  a great car wash at a reasonable price. Los Olivos is committed to making each customer happy and satified. Give Los Olivos a try you won't be disappointed."  $6 car wash (if you just get the bare-bones external wash) and at worst  it was busy and I didn't have to wait too long.  I will be going back for sure." Li5LOL873Ep8HoPRML18sw I would recommended this car wash if you happen to be in the area I highly recommend Los Olivos Car Wash and look forward to being their customer for a very long time."  they even take my carseat out to vacuum under it"  but our car was done in a VERY responsible time. It was also no problem getting the $2 discount once I showed it to the cashier. For sure I'll be back!" They're a great local business who offer good service and I recommend them highly."  ""NOBODY can fix that"" you'll just have to get it repainted.   My miracle came when God led me to ""Los Olivos Hand Car Wash "" team of professionals led by ""Mr. Librado"" who did a miraculous job of bringing my Praise Mobile's paint back from the ""Dead"".  If you drive a ""Praise Mobile"" I highly recommend the ""Los Olivos Hand Car Wash "" team of professionals who will turn your ""Hopeless End into Endless Hope"" when you see the priceless "Honest employees here! Having just gotten back from a road trip my husband and I got our wires crossed and ended up leaving $360 sitting in the side pocket of the car.  When we returned to pick up the car they let me know about finding the money and had it locked away for me.  Try finding that type of honesty in this day and age.  Needless to say we left a great tip and will be back again "Slow. ... slow. .... so slow.  Even when no one else is here. 40 min and counting  you couldn't even tell the exterior was black. the inside was worse -- kids had often ridden with me and there were stains on the seats and the doors. i'd been in a similar situation a few months before and had brought my car to another carwash in phoenix that is manipulative about air filters and really not that thorough in any interior detailing. los olivos is on the other extreme  so I sat in the lot for 15 min while it dried.  Not a day later and it was all over the side of the truck. So I came in to have them wash the outside of the truck and explain the situation the older lady writing the tickets told me that she would take care of it and upon the truck being finished they told me that I had to pay. I explained there must be a confusion as I was told it was being taken care of. They then say they do not give free car washes. After explaining that I would get two cars washed here one time a week each. that is a hundred and four car washes per year "Been going there forever and always see the same employees...must be a nice place to work!  Anyway Been coming here since I got new wheels and they do a great job keeping my car looking new!  locally owned and operated. Generations of my family have been coming to this wash. Definitely the best in town. Reasonably priced Great car wash with good prices! Plus you can get a shoe shine while you wait! I'll be bringing in my dress shoes to be shined tomorrow! Norma did a really great job on a customer's shoes while I was waiting!" Great detail work.  I took in my vehicle that had scratches along the side of it from off roading.  They were able to get 90% of it out.  The vehicle looked like a new suv when I picked it up.  No complaints.  I would definitely take it back. Came by to get the car washed. They did a really good job. I have dogs and they got all of their out. Anyone that has has time constraints - leave a little extra time - it takes longer because they clean better!  LOTS better than any car wash chain I've been to in the E and SE valley." "Literally slowest car wash ever both times I've been here. Gave it second chance thinking first time may have been unusually busy. And I understand being busy but the guys drying the cars are in slow motion This place kicks rocks man!! I hadn't had my vehicle washed in over 2 years except when I got my oil changed (exterior only) and dude got really excited to know I chose them. Great customer service. You get above and beyond what you pay for!!!  friendly service. My go-to car wash in Phoenix. I drove across Phoenix and 15 minutes out of my way to come here!"  $6 car wash (if you just get the bare-bones external wash) and at worst The wait was very long. I admit it was a Sunday afternoon though. I thought that they didn't do a great job on the interior. The seats weren't  wiped down very well and the cubbyholes from my drink holder were not cleaned at all as well as the leather around my gearshift. The guys work very hard and as fast as they can.  but it seems that there are more cars then staff so the wait is super long. The cars are drying in the sun before they can really wipe them down. Again I have been here in the past for full details where I leave the car and come back later and pick it up in a few hours.  But this time was insane.  It took a full hour for an exterior $12 wash and interior vacuum    Not pleasant to sit in the hot Phoenix sun waiting for a Prius to get a basic wash.  We will stick to clean freak car wash for the weekly washes and Los Olivis for the major drop off details every few years.   Please hire more staff or I feel you will loose more customers.  he had something sharp on the sole of one of his shoes as he ""stepped up"" to dry the water off the top of the car. I didn't notice the scratches until I was filling up with gas at a Q-T about a half-hour later. Upon returning and having the owner and the manager take a closer inspection to the multitude of scratches  but what are they thinking?  It's a car wash for gosh sakes. Unfortunately I will not be back." I have come here several times and they have good specials. They are normally very good. Be forewarned that they can be extremely slow and unorganized. so far today has been 45 and they still have not started the final clean.  So if it looks busy come another day unless you have an hour to sit in the heat. 1 hour and 15 mins later. It Looks great.  Argh  this shouldn't be long. We had purchased a complete wash (the most expensive wash) on the menu. What we got is a hack job with an HOUR AND FIFTEEN MINUTE WAIT!! What the hell kind of business are you running? To put the cherry on top of things  but I won't be coming back anymore."  the good lord knows I do not want to wash my own car in the middle of hot desert Phoenix day!" This is the very first time I had my car washed here and I loved it. I was more than 100% satisfied with the service and they did an excellent job with my car. I will definitely be returning. A big Thank you Los Olivos staff.  but I just wanted to leave so I said thank you and was on my way. I think it goes without saying that I'll be washing my own car from now on."  and my car cannot go into those machines that pull your call along because that messes up my rim and/or tire. They use that same machine and hand wash the car as it moves along the track. So I still had to pay extra to do a side wash and pay for the wax as well. So it was a little more that I was expecting." Pretty good place to get a car wash. The people who vacuum could do a better job but hey they work hard and they deal with a lot of cars.  I will definitely return here!! I love that they are approachable and honored my requests and suggestions right away. I'm not super picky but I do expect a good job for a $25 wash. I also like the hand wash over the machines since I already got scratches from machines on my new truck. The only thing I would suggest is inspect your vehicle prior to driving off and point out anything that was missed. Be polite and they will fix it. I will recommend to friends and family." Everyone is super nice and friendly!"  this is your place!! Very detail oriented and the staff is always nice and all the staff really hussle but do it right!!" I went back today because the dealer jacked up my car by trying to buff some stuff out. I paid 100 for the detail. My ride looks brand new. I mean brand new. I'm so very happy that I gave them another chance. Great job!" Wow. Amazing service and quality. Wow wow wow wow wow wow amazing service. Unbeatable "Have been going to Los Olivos for years ... they are the only ones I let near my precious babies!  My Challenger desperately needed a spa day In a city full of automated washers and poor service Los Olivos is the city's best hand car wash place. Having a bike rack limits ones options for a clean car. Los Olivos always scrubs down and under the roofline. They never take a play off!  good deals but the only thing Is that sometimes we have to wait outside and they don't have a mister system." "I have had THE best customer service here- after a bit of a misunderstanding "Other cars were being dried whiles ours sat until we said something. There were 3-4 dryers on the smaller cars and at first no one on ours then only 2 and we have a big truck. Then when we got in the truck Have been coming here for over a year! I appreciate the Hand car wash and the friendly atmosphere. I always see the same staff here. I think that is a great sign!  I need to make a shoutout to Jovel.  She is the first person you usually see when you drop your car off (very smart move).  She is such a joy and really makes you feel welcomed and like you're a valued customer.  I don't usually gush this much on my Yelp reviews but Los Olivos is a very special place.  Keep up the good work!" A waste of 15 dollars.  Came here early this morning and thought it would be quick.  Not even close.  My car sat outside and dried for 20 minutes.   There were water spots everywhere.   I was told that I could go through again.  Not a chance in hell would I wait another half hour for probably the same result.  I used to come here faithfully but I have to say this is my last time. These guys do a good job. But don't come here if you don't have 90 minutes or more to spare. First time and it was a great experience from the very beginning to the end.  The cashier was extremely friendly and helpful.  Love how detailed they are when they wash and dry each and every car.  I expected an hour or so  however they have the process down so well that it only took 25 minutes.  I highly recommend this place Her ""solution"" to this was to give me a coupon for $5 off my next carwash  there are some benches and tables along with a few chairs in the shade.   They do not allow people to leave the car and walk somewhere for the time being; one must stay with the car the entire time."  keep an eye on the quality of the service. I always see a guy that seems like he ""ok's"" the service right before you pick it up. Maybe he needs to pay more attention to detail before they finish and return the vehicles. It's not good when the customer has to correct you and tell you how to do your job better. It's also not fun waiting an hour (on average) for your car to be done Outside of that it is great."  I asked the young man for a towel and spray bottle. At least 3 customers watched me as I cleaned the inside of my car...each of them calling the manager and showing him the same thing I showed him...poor work. I wish Los Olivos the best. I drove 5 miles out of my way but I am in search of a new place. Farewell P.S their employees are wonderful :)" This used to be my favorite place. I am so done...the quality of work is horrible." They do a decent job...when they get around to your car."  but wait times are incredibly long. Takes an hour to get washed and dried so don't come on Sunday's if your schedule is tight." This place kicks rocks man!! I hadn't had my vehicle washed in over 2 years except when I got my oil changed (exterior only) and dude got really excited to know I chose them. Great customer service. You get above and beyond what you pay for!!! Forgot what it was like to see out of clean window and in clean mirrors. "Poor customer service & lack of tracking when you arrive. Slow working team! What normally takes 30 minutes for a car wash took over 55 minutes. Thinking that it was busy I would have given this car wash 5 starts because they do a great job on your car. What pushes it to 3 stars is the 45+ minute wait just to get your car washed. I only come to this car wash if I have time to kill. Unfortunately not many car wash facilities down town to choose from.  ended up being an hour and only a so-so job of washing my ride. Won't be back." Li5LOL873Ep8HoPRML18sw "I trust no other car care center with the cleaning of my car but Los Olivos.  The staff is always courteous and because they hand wash your car tried this car wash today they do good job of washing your car but it's not really a true hand car wash they still run the car tru a tunnel that sprays water they just wipe it down the car is still pulled so if you have low profile tiers I wouldn't go there and they have a blower to dry the car witch I don't like because things can get in and hit you car and like many people say it does take some time to get the car back but I would go hare before a regular car wash anyday and there cheaper too  my car turned out great. I was happy with the outcome of the wash and will most likely be returning  which means I have unlimited use for 13 months!! And I believe the cost was something like $200.  As long as you get your car/ truck washed a lot "The outside - EXCELLENT. The inside - horrible. It's bad when you have to go back home to complete the job that the car wash should have done. In addition I've recommended to friends && family!! :)." I say I would try it .... Wont be back again.... Slowest car wash ever. I waited for over an hour. Very unorganized "This place definitely lacks good customer service and organization. I believe a better calling system when cars are ready should be implemented. The guy that called my car mistook my optima for a corolla so I waited quite a while before realizing my car was ready. The girl at the front desk agreed that my car was never called and only a corolla was repeatedly called. After much drama that could've simply been avoided with an immediate apology instead of yelling that he called it twice "What can I say. If I could give this place zero stars I would. First off I have been coming here for a couple years. They don't do the best washes but im usually in the area saturday mornings so I stop in and get a wash on my truck. I came in today and it's the reason for my review. My problem now? I show up and the ticket lady tells me that my tires won't fit in th tracks. It didn't seem to be a problem the past couple years. I asked if they got new tracks and she said no but they don't allow my type of vehicles in the wash. After she tells me that she tells me that I have to buy $40 ""side wash"". We argued for a bit because of the fact that for 2 years it wasn't a problem. The she asks me who wrote the tickets? YOU DID! They argued with me for a bit just to try to force me to pay their stupid side wash. Fuck that. What do I look like a sucker? Nope. Not me. I told them to get out of way so I can leave. They will never see a dime from me ever. They better miss me with that bullshit. Plus the ticket lady was very unprofessional. She gave me attitude from the get go when she started asking about my tires. Fuck this place" "I give them two stars because they did clean the inside okay-ish. But the outside had tons of water spots and wasn't done very well. They were super busy so I suppose the water dried before they had a chance to dry it  super accommodating and friendly staff-plus they do a great job. They only take cash and English is rarely spoken but where else can you get a detail for under $50?" 000 miles that looked like it earned every mile. I am getting ready to sell it so I took it here.The detail job that they did on my car is amazing. My top looked like it was faded but they cleaned it to where it is all black again. Every nook and cranny was clean. It looks so good now I hate to sell it! The best part was how inexpensive it was. Definitely give them a shot."  but you can't beat the deals. Awesome details and handwax specials. Provide TV's to watch while sitting in a massage chair as your vehicle is taken care of. No place in the Phoenix area can compete. If you show up at the right time you might even meet a couple of ball players from the Cardinals." LrPG6AgIomIrSNTcwJU5Hw "Hmmm...where to start. I'll start off saying that you can not beat the price of $9 for a car wash-complete with air freshener and armor all for your tires. Love that. I will say that the place is definitely in need of a face lift. They only accept cash for payment I was very disappointed. This was my first car and I wanted it to be an experience. Sorry guys."  Steve hooked it up. I went back and he made sure everything was on point. They washed my car and even got some of the tar spots off-free of charge. I'm a fan! Thanks The actual waiting area is not bad: there is assorted auto merchandise for sale and The other reviews are right on. This place is so weird and sketchy I would never send my wife here. The inside looks like a great place to get murdered. I prefer to sit outside thinking about which direction I'd run if shit goes down. But the people are nice and they do a thorough job on the car for a good price. BUT ONLY IF YOU HAVE CASH!  and I would not have even tried if not for the positive reviews.  I purchased the deluxe wash for $18 and it turned out to be a great deal.  Basically a full detail with wash/wax.   It took about 30 minutes (a bit longer than I would prefer)  one cuz of the way the place looks and two the area. I grew up in possibly the worst part of town back in the day so $#@! like that doesn't bother me. I stopped up cuz they came up on my yelpinator and had good reviews. They staff is cool and friendly and they have good rates.. like everyone else said CASH ONLY. The guy at the register was nice enough to let me go to the ATM down the street and bring him the money. Plus the $2 off for the check in It is now my only choice for car washes here in the Valley." You already know they do a great job here!!! And get ready for this!! THEY TAKE CC NOW! $2.00 surcharge but it's worth it not to have to go to these sketchy places on McDowell Rd. World class is the only car wash I will come to! Just take my word for it and come in!!! Try it.. Thank me later!! Great staff super friendly.  they didn't vacuum my trunk and i had to drive back after the dry to do it myself and suck up some crevices inside as well. There were also towel streaks on the windows so they need to change out towels more frequently or use a better glass cleaner. Even with those Quite a shady looking place but it is truly a hands off full service car wash/detailing place. It is a little pricey but they vacuum the interior and HAND WASH your car. No drive through! They then hand dry your car. Takes a while but its worth every dollar. "Winning!!! As always. I'm always glad to see that my reviews help people to find wonderful places like this gem in the RUFF!! Lol! Please enjoy!! I always do! Ask for Santos They did an amazing job on my car yeah it might be a sketchy place but it's cool! Oh and pay with cash cause they charge $2 to pay with bs card!  but the people here are nice and seem to care a lot about their quality of service. Will definitely be recommending and returning! Oh Wow! I'm sitting here watching them clean my SUV...I got a basic wash but it looks as if they are doing a full detail.  This was beyond all expectations. What a find on Yelp.  I'm more of a $5 car wash guy."  but it was very clean afterwards. They didn't vacuum the trunk or in between the seats and center console  and bird poop on the front and top of the car and the lights. Their air freshener lasted only a few seconds. It's not even worth the $11" "Please avoid this place at all costs. I paid for the most expansive hand wash which took 30 minutes. I watched the employee use the same towel he pulled off the dirty ground to dress the plastic with dressing AND clean the windows with the same towel. Easily  the WORST car wash ever. My windows are so smeared that I can hardly see thru them. I guess that's what happens when you use tire dressing on windows dumb asses. They take no pride in their work. Dear manager who responds to reviews  took a long time but car was spotless inside and out. I mean pristine. The deluxe is not the option for a quick wash A full details for 55 dollars u can't go wrong. I would have never stop by in this location but the reviews were great. It's in the middle of good and location is worn down. The bathrooms were clean. They did a descent job cleaning the car. They left the cup holders little dirty in the center console.  But I can't complain the price was too good to be true. I normally pay 120 at other locations and they don't even do great job. Will definitely go back in future. "I drove well out of my way to come to this car wash because of the stellar reviews and I was not disappointed. This is hands down the best car wash I have been to! The staff is very friendly and I was pleasantly surprised to find they allowed me to choose my level of wash without the obnoxious hounding for up sells or windshield fixes found at nearly every other car wash! I truly appreciated the time the employees put into the deluxe wash because my car came out sparkling clean both inside and out! Some called the location ""scary""  exterior and interior. Out of my way but well worth it. My car looks brand new every time I leave." I am so happy with them I will take the Tahoe in for the same treatment."  tank filled all while relaxing in an air conditioned sitting area.  The prices are on the high side and it can be quite busy.    I'm still looking for a cheap place to get my car washed Check out Quick n Clean on 16th Street and Colter - Fabulous!  Inexpensive.  Excellent customer service!"  but it doesn't compare to some of the exotic French and Italian stuff I used to have.  I still feel it should get the same attention  and it looked like I got the basic wash. They didn't even get all of the tar (my main reason for detailing) off of the guards. I will never go back. I would rather do it myself than be so mad that I wasted the money everytime I go to Danny's. Ok  Danny's fixed it for me for the bargain price of $79.99 (is this a bragain????) and they shampooed the carpets too.  I'm just happy the paint isn't forever ruined now.  I hate HS kids." Expression on my face :(" They did leave the earphones  you should be ashamed to put your name on this joke of a car wash.  And I should be double ashamed to have run my car through this place repeatedly over the years.   What am I thinking?  I'm an idiot.  Never again." pjtB4FadDdq_DeyedjDsOw  so the average high school fundraiser car wash could achieve that... it's the inside job that always disappoints. I think they do only a cursory pass over the large surface areas inside  which begs the response she provided 'your employees saw me get out of the vehicle - i would have had to roll the window down to do that'.  He was NOT interested in taking any responsibility and said they had looked all over for her - it was 5:20 and my wife and daughter were inside the waiting area and there was only ONE other customer in the building.  None of what he said was true and when my wife looked at the cashier - who had started to speak up - the manager stared her down.  My wife said 'are you going to coax her into lying now because she knows no one came to find us as you are saying'?  Here's the reality - and yeah i watched Columbo as a kid - was after hours A little advice brother....  get out of that corporate jet and get on the front line with your employees.  Roll your sleeves up and get your hands dirty.  maybe the employees will start doing a good job on the cars.  If they do not have ANY attention to detail  or pay again at Lindstroms.  I think I will pay again and go to Lindstroms - I've been a big fan ever since they got raided by the Country's Worst Sheriff:)  You get raided by Sheriff Joe  You say no and you dont get charged. They have overlooked things like screwing my anntena back on. ( I didnt even know it could come off ). They have also not used the air freshener that I liked and payed for but these are little things and every business will make a mistake. They have always corrected it when I point it out. I would never leave expensive things in my car anyway that is asking for trouble and I will continue to give Danny's my business but I will keep an eye out in the future."  I'm regretting it. My car is still dirty but now I have messed up tint on my back window! I have no idea how they managed to mess up factory tint but now every time I look out my review mirror it's a reminder of how terrible this place is. When I brought this to there attention a guy with gold teeth pretended like he all of a sudden didn't speak english! I didn't have the time to try and speak with anyone else but  or more than one vehicle (the husband and I went at the same time).  They did a pretty good job cleaning up the interior of my toddler-invaded car.  Thank goodness... I thought those juice stains would be there forever!"  but not anymore.  I don't recommend it really unless you are desperate."  they are really too expensive for what you get. They also get mad/rude if you don't upgrade to all the things they offer you. The sales guy at the beginning got grouchy with me and literally stopped talking to me as soon as I said So I'm going to try somewhere else. Getting my car washed there is too much work for me."  the mats needed vacuuming and the windows needed to be wiped.  I asked the Dannys team member if they could get the grime off the rims and he took his finger to check and said yeah.   I walked in  and asked the sales clerk ""the drill"" as I never been to Danny's before and they told me where to wait.  The wash excellent They are ok...but I think I will stick to Los Olivos on 3rd and McDowell."  the selling factor is over the top. First a man  came up and tried to push an oil change on me. 2 times. Then another man tried to push carpet shampooing on me So bad that I go out of my way not to use a Danny's Family Car Wash!"  small scratches that I'm pretty sure would have come out anywhere else. The kicker was on the inside of the windshield there were 2 spots where parking permits had left a residue (one with part of the paper liner still attached) and they didn't do ANYTHING to try to remove ANY of it. I drove away  was pressured into a detail thinking it would clean the exterior of my car because jorge was looking at the EXTERIOR of my car when he said it! But NO! I spent 60 bucks on the interior of my car that doesn't even have mats or need a detail! AND the detail didn't even include the actual car wash which was an additional charge! I will NEVER GO THERE AGAIN! worst service No thanks. Wash my car for free a few times to prove you know how to do it "Bad wash as usual and NO customer service. Now they expect you to do what they can do in 30 seconds (change my new license plate number in their system) - now the customer has to go online and do it. Convenient yes - but never going back!!! The good news is they get you in and out quickly Got my car in and out quickly  Danny's is VERY convenient is good value if you stick to your guns and I will definitely use them again."  they did not try to high pressure me into upgrades. They dried out the door jams. And the windshield was streak free. I'll be back often."  but the hard core up-selling of detailing & oil changes leaves me irritated & exhausted from saying ""no"" several times. I don't think I can go through it again would not suggest you go here if you are on a tight budget i went to get just a basic wash done (exterior only) yea it turns out they require at least one special upgrade to go through so i did it because my lexus was really dirty from the dust storm and all the rain the previous day the car came out good cant complain there but come on just wanted to go in and out thats it wtf Its too bad because I like the concept of Dannys and the convenience."  I walked around the truck. I asked if they were going to actually dry it  or was that extra?  Had to get them to finish washing the spots off. The windshield is still dirty. Had to remind them to put the antenna back on.   Could understand if they were busy . I'm not sure where to go unfortunately because I can't seem to find ANY decent car wash in the valley anymore i got the impression from the people that work there that I'm at a car dealership. lol they try and upsell you everything they can think of. NO SIR i just want my car washed. i needed up falling for it and ended up paying $100 to have my car detailed. and to be honest it wasn't worth. yes my car came out clean but not what i was expecting for dropping $100 bucks! they left water spots  please stop alwasy trying to up sell me."  but I was disappointed. I drove away with waterspots and later noticed that the bird poop on my car hadn't been cleaned properly. Its partly my fault - I  should have checked  or person who has no hope for a decent shot at a career- get a job at Danny's on E Highland Ave. I tried this because my regular car wash is closed on Sundays.. I would recommend everyone go to Hot Shots on 16th street. The management there has some integrity requirements when they hire employees." Time to find a new place to get my car washed."  and it has been done for who knows how long. The guy who originally took my car said he would call me when it was done. Obviously that didn't happen since my car was finished and I was waiting for nothing. I read the other reviews while I waited  another guy got in to park it. He was driving my car hard like a race car...just like the young man before him. I told him that I'd appreciate it if he didn't drive my car or any other customer's cars like that. He looked at me with a smirk and pretended like he didn't speak English. They obviously have no respect for other people's personal vehicles or opinions." I am extremely unhappy. I have tried to contact the management.  Let's see if anyone cares enough to email or call me back. Otherwise - do not go here. EVER."  April Blair Childs-Brossman"  so I think I'm done with Danny's."  the price doubled.  The salesman thought it was really funny.  The manager backed him.  I used to be a regular customer (four cars!) for many years.  Time to move onto another car wash company."  regardless of the other posts I have seen.  Detail service is overpriced for the attention of detail...but the washes are good to me."  but definitely not on a regular basis.. and sorry dude  however the quality began to lapse so I moved on. I picked up a groupon a few weeks ago to give them another try.  Well even at the discount it was not worth it.  The service is still lackluster Read the other reviews on this place.  It's stay away or you are throwing your money away plus you'll get intimidated or insulted for your trouble." I do like to have a clean ride for the holiday and they did really come through with that." "I went to Danny's this weekend to get an oil change and car wash and I paid for a VIP car wash.   After picking up my car I was disappointed that there was still dirt on my car floor.  I later noticed that money I had in my car for parking was missing.  I'm highly upset that I paid for these services  so horrible. Please don't get your car washed here! This is a quick and convenient car wash for me  sales or detailing manager told me that I only bought to only have left side of door waxed and tried to sell me another wax which I already bought and clearly indicated on paperwork Finally  it was a big let down from a customer loyalty standpoint  but was talked into getting a full car detail.  Which in actuality I was fine with since my car was in need of some tlc.  When I asked how long it would take to be done I was told 45 minutes to an hour.  I paid the cashier at 2:28.  At 3:30 I started to get antsy and at 4:35 when my car still was not done I was so over it.  My car was finally done at 4:45.  The car looked great and they really put in work on it  I don't know if I just got lucky... or if everyone is a bit dramatic when it comes to their car washes. 4 stars and a repeat customer."  you have to use rubbing alcohol to get the crap off even though it is supposedly bad for your paint. I wish I had removed the sap myself BEFORE going to Danny's but Upselling is out of control" Go somewhere where your car actually comes out clean though." then detail the sh#* out if it. they have enough men there. Why so sloppy. I swear my lazy azz could have done better. I took it back pointed out the obvious pjtB4FadDdq_DeyedjDsOw  too. There's nothing to make a girl feel more self conscious about her reliable yet boring Toyota like watching her car get ignored and left with water spots drying on it while all the guys working gather around to take pictures of themselves cleaning a Lamborghini."  you have to tell them or pop the trunk so they get the message. My car is always cleaned perfectly and the service is fast. Definitely we keep coming here especially since it's less than a mile from my house. The only thing that I hate is that they always try to sell you gas First they need to back off on the up selling and the outrageous prices. 25 bucks for a 12 dollar air filter that is still mostly white? They try to sucker the uneducated with their ""ill cut you a deal and do it for $xx."" No thanks. Car was poorly cleaned and vacuum job was miserable. Only nice part was that my trip was quick and the inside of the building is AC controlled." Be sure to ask if your car is ready yet. They forget to announce it sometimes and leave you in the lobby waiting for Christmas. GOT TO LOVE IT !!!!!!!" "I have always had a pretty good experience at Danny's. They are a pretty well-oiled machine. I was a little nervous after the raid that things would have changed but it wasn't bad! I was in and out in 10minutes. I liked that I was able to tip the guys that actually worked on my car. My only recommendation is to be patient  even refused to help another employee asking for assistance cause ""it's his cousin and he can say that"". That vehicle had to be run through the car wash because it waited too long." DO NOT GO HERE! They will rob you and then give you back a dirty car!"  and I noticed that 1/2 of my change/quarter pouch and all of my gum was gone. What the hell. My $5 car wash just became a $15 car wash. I called and complained I'm tempted to take it to Jiffy Lube to have them check the fluids to see if they even topped them off. There was an attitude of less than mediocre at this place.  Unfortunately Arrived there at 3:48PM today.  Had the VIP done with some detailing and was told it should take around 45 minutes.  Left there at 5:52PM.  They did a good job with the actual cleaning of the vehicle but being grossly mislead on the turn around time was inexcusable and enough to prevent me from coming back or recommending the company to anyone. I'm over this place. Never Again!!" I'd rather go to Francis and Sons on 7th St even though it takes twice as long. As least I know everything will be cleaned"  I actually feel the need to take my car somewhere else to be checked to make sure they actually changed the oil. Needless to say  unless they want get get their car wrecked and deal with pathetic customer service." I think we're done with Danny's.  The pushy upsell and then overpriced  I paid extra to wipe down the doors and inside of the car and there were still marks all over the back trunk area from my dogs. The windows weren't wiped down because the writing from the type of wash I was getting was still completely legible and lastly  sloppy dry. They had my car for 1hr 40min and still did not manage to find time to dry the car nor finish wiping down the inside. I don't know if they don't have enough employees or the employees they do have just don't care but I'm highly disappointed. My car seemed worse off than it did when it went in. Next time I will go to Los Olivos. Even a Clean Freak $3 wash would be far superior to the yuckiness we experienced here." 000 miles.  I have taken my car to several places to get the oil changed.  Today I needed to have it done again and thought I would go at lunch by work.  I went online and visited their website and even printed a coupon for a complete oil change for $28.99. No hidden cost or shop fees the coupon said.  When I arrived my car was put in line for service. Approximately 45 minutes later a tech can in to tell me that my transmission fluid need to be changed or it was going to burn up.  When I told him I had it done at 65 I am waiting for the general managers response."  if I could give even less stars they would get it. Absolutely terrible!" pjtB4FadDdq_DeyedjDsOw  I wouldn't. Plain and simple." When Danny's Dysfunctional Family Carwash starts offering body and fender repair services along with their mediocre car washes... customers beware!"  after an hour half they forgot to vacuum the back!! There was trash under the seats  my car is old so I was willing to give Danny's a chance. I would never take a recently purchased car to this place for the reasons above and what others have said." Won't be back...these guys stole all my Change out of my console...generally you expect random coins in the cup holders to be taken...but they went into a closed console and stole an entire change holder...don't give these guys your business!!!  UNPROFESSIONAL AND DOWNRIGHT RUDE. Three best words to explain what a horrific experience I had at this Danny's for the first (and most definitely last) time this last Tuesday. I had just gotten my car back from the shop and decided to get a full interior detail done. I live right off 16th and highland so it was a convenient choice. Well boy was I the fool to think 80 bucks would get me a somewhat decently clean car....to my shock it was actually WORSE then before I went in and wasted my money. They actually took a small contained coffee stain in the back seat and somehow spread the stain all over my cloth seats "If you own an expensive car DO NOT BRING YOUR CAR HERE.  I have a brand new 640i Convertible and it does not fit in their wash.  Front lower bumper scrapes.  Besides they do a horrible job  they were barely used. There was still dirt debris and leaves under my driver seat but they had time to steal my car care products. What a joke! I again asked for a manager to voice my frustration and in return a towel boy came out asking do I still need help with my windows. I ended up just leaving in  utter disgust coupled with shock that places like this really exist. I have encouraged all of my friends "I've been here countless times and the service is always above par. A quality wash on a full size truck in under 30 min Now I need to find a new place!" The best way to waste your money: 13$ and your car is just enough cleaned outside and not vacuumed inside at all. 1h waiting. Worst service ever!!!! Stay away from this place. Even if the Group on said FREE we will never ever go back. Oh yeah when you call the corporate office no one calls you back. Awesome customer service." When I took the Lexus I was greeted by the manager (he said) they said they would not do the buffing/wax for the agreed upon price I had.  The manager wanted $80.00 more.  I told him NO your guy told me this price.  I said I wanted a refund and he said they don't give refunds.  If you still want to go this place be sure to get everything (explicitly) you want done in writing and signed by the manager.  Not that the manager won't change his mind when you get your car done."  but convenient location for me. Too bad the management can't manage the staff. It is a case of the inmates running the prison I wonder if all of the locations are experiencing a similar decline.  I will never return."  and your gas tank filled for $0.20/gallon more than Cobblestone Auto Spa. I politely cancelled my wash (due to the badgering for upgrades and oil change) and the woman did not remove the writing on my window "When will I learn my lesson? Since the ""raids"" the quality of the staff has gotten really horrible. Terribly aggressive greeters who are trying to upsell you so hard that it gets really uncomfortable. Also  so that's 2+ man hours and I didn't have to do squat. Do yourself a big favor: 1. go to any other car wash and find that the final product is similar then price it out. 2. wash your car yourself and time how long it takes you and if you're as happy with the results (or if you no longer care about that one water spot.) 3. empty out your car of valuables before you ever turn the keys over to anyone...always...why tempt it? 4. If you know there's crushed pretzels in your door handle and you want them removed You've lost a long-time customer and hopefully many others for employing thieves and liars."  only to come back and find it untouched. A promise to have it done in one hour "The worst customer service you could ever imagine!  I read the reviews and still bought a groupon because they are so close by our home.   They refused to accept our groupon because their computers were allegedly down upgrading their groupon program.  Their cashier Tereasa  had plenty of attitude in telling us that there was no way possible to redeem our groupon  and they were not concerned.  They know exactly what they are doing and have no shame.  They are thieves."  as I was driving away I noticed it hadn't even been wiped down inside. I would have driven back to complain  but there's nothing we can do about it"".  I didn't return until today as they had a coupon for an oil change & car wash online & I was in the area - I figured I would give them another chance.  I was overcharged for the services  the car sits there several minutes before it's driven away to be washed. In not sure if this is just bad luck or what  it is an unpleasant experience.  The upselling is obnoxious and they a half-assed job." Moral of the story we've called corporate and they were again very rude and dismissive. Did I mention they hung up on my wife? I don't expect Danny's to look into it and I don't want them to pay for my repair. Just want people to know this is how they treat their customers. Thanks Bye." "I used to be a huge Danny's fan.  Last couple of trips the washes have been less than stellar but what is more concerning is the rude behavior of the workers on the finish line.  Whistling when an attractive woman comes out to the car pick up area I will drive the distance for a better place in the future. Convenience is no longer worth the compromised service." If I could give them a lower score I would. Horrible decline in quality of service. Very low morale of employees leading to poor service. Used to be great and I would go there before any other car wash or other service. This place is the worst. I haven't had the best experiences here in the past but I decided to give it another try. The service has gotten worse. They told me 45 minutes for a car wash and shampoo of the seats and almost two hours later they still weren't finished. To make matters worse they took belongings out of my car and forgot to put it back in. I asked for a full refund and they said they only can only give free car washes. What kind  of customer service is that? I will not be going there ever again. "The wash was OK and didn't take too long. But I had a coupon for an oil change so I had them change it. During that process the mechanic told me the power steering fluid was very old and detrimental to the power steering pump. I agreed to let them change that as I was planning on a long trip the next day. Two weeks later my battery died and the dealership replacing it called to tell me my power steering fluid was very old and that although the sticker on my windshield indicated my oil had just been changed Find a hog wash for $3 and with free vacuum.  It will be just as good and will only be 10 minutes." Advice for people debating going here: Don't go here. Spend a little more. Go somewhere with customer service and professional value." "Danny's carwash is awesome. I've been bringing my truck here for years for the maintenance and carwashes. They do an awesome job. I don't know why there's so many one star reviews  and not because they do a good job either. I hate this place today. It's very slow so almost no staff. So my car has been setting for 10 minutes now with nobody in line." Nice staff and hard workers! Be sure to tip the guys up front vacuuming and not just on the tail end... Think about it: which do you think is harder !? lol" If we could put 0 stars we would. For what they charge they barely clean your car even if you ask for detailing. How can anyone be so bad at running a car wash? Then one of our windshield wipers got hit and torn off in the car wash and left a crack. When we asked for them to fix the $7 problem they lied to us and said it wasn't their problem. Then one of the workers who was obviously on meth started going tweeker crazy just by us asking them to fix their mistake. Everyone who works there is high on either meth or crack and they don't even try to hide it. How is this place still open? "This place is the worst. I've never left there feeling like my car was clean. The inside of the windshield is always smeared and the console barely gets wiped off. It doesn't matter which wash you pay for they do the same crap job. I'd gone there a couple times and was very unhappy with the job they did but when they offered the groupon I went ahead and bought it. I thought I'd give them another chance despite seeing them on the news for the ICE raids. I thought maybe they'd have made some improvements but alas they've failed me again. On my way home from getting my car washed I realized they hadn't cleaned the console and the windshield looked awful yet again. So when it rained the next day and I took the car back for their ""rain check wash"" I asked them to clean the console. When checking out the guy inside was a total jerk and told me they don't clean the inside for a rain check. So I explained to him I had just been in and it should've been done the first time. My original car wash took less than 15 minutes but the rain check took over 30. How does that make any sense?! There's no consistency and it's just so obvious they don't care about their customers or reputation at all. Despite this being the closest car wash to my house  they got served right away.  I had to get out of my car in order to get someone's attention.   When I walked into the store I was hit in the face with the overpowering smell of Pinesol.  Seriously  no matter how much they push you. Its not worth the money and time. Also as discussed about "Went to get my car washed today and had just left the bank.  I had put the cash in my center console and realized i had forgotten to take it out before it made it out of the wash. I stayed by the car door the entire drying process and immediately looked into the console to make sure it was still there and it looked like a bomb had gone off. Money was gone and the rest of the contents had been turned up side down. I immediately confronted the manager about it. he did a quick search of the workers and came back with the conclusion (in not so many words) that i was either lying or his guys had out smarted him and they didn't have it on them. He then told me that hey do not have a theft problem and that there is a sign out front that says they are not responsible for stolen or damaged goods. Not to mention my car still looked like shit. I am done with these guys. They are rude "This is the worst Danny's I have ever been to. Whoever runs this location should be ashamed of yourself. I have been to the other locations and NEVER had the experience I had here. I even heard other people complaining while I was in there. I would've rather waited an extra 15 minutes to actually get my car washed.....there was dust """Sales person"" spent so long trying to upsell the poor woman in front of me  the store manager is unprofessional and not very bright. He brings the whole establishment down. Never ever will I ever go back there. Disgusted!!!"  even though there was still crumbs and trash in that area. By far the worse place ever. Took over an hour and it wasn't even busy nor did they do a Damn thing they had been paid for. Bring back all the Hispanic people   still not vacuumed thoroughly and left.  Safe to say after coming sporadically (as needed) fire 7 years  cup holders weren't wiped out at all. Floor boards were kinda vacuumed. Rear of SUV wasn't cleaned at all but I was charged extra for the size of my vehicle. :("  incompetent and angry . I paid what they asked for and will never go back"  but the car wasn't super clean. I payed for the VIP wash which includes cup holders and dash and the cup holder obviously hadn't even been opened "Absolutely worst car wash! Had my truck for 5 hours after a $200 detail and it looks like a cheap wash..step boards and tires still filthy People are very rude! I was told for an extra $100 when can buff out all the scratches and it would look like a new paint job...no wonder this place has a bad rep!!! I had to give it a rating  but it became clear after a few hours that no one was calling me. Apparently they closed due to the storm and when I showed up to pick up my car no one knew who I was or what my car was there for. It took 4 employees and 20 minutes to find my keys and the car was not washed  I took my car there after lunch hour because it was close by and I'm used to Danny's on Tatum. How bad could it be? Can't tell you because I waited 10 minutes for someone to take my order. No one said a word in spite of walking by my open window 3 times." The GM called and explained they aren't responsible - Guess I'll be finding a new place to have the truck washed. I'd recommend you not get your car/truck washed there...."  I got in the car and was putting on my seatbelt.. and the kid cleaning the car behind me HONKED at me. I hadn't been in my car for more than 20 seconds! I know they're trying to keep things moving I'm only giving you guys a 4 star because of your interior servicing manager who was very nice and showed he cared to get me back as a customer.  I do feel embarrassed and apologized to him for acting like a bitch This used to be my go to place for oil changes. It wasn't the fastest cheapest deal and in my neighborhood. My kids loved the aquarium while we waited. Never more than 20 min wait. BUT today they lost my business! The price went up to $35 (was $20) and now not done while you wait. Bad move! I won't be back.  it's about moral principle and integrity to own up to your actions and be responsible "Came in to get my newly painted car detailed. Told the guys it was newly painted to be careful. since they are yes people just to get an upgraded carwash the guy said no problem we will take care of it. Long story short when I went to pick up my car there was a huge chip on the bumper. Brought it to their attention. One manager said he didn't want to deal with me  which I didn't mind (this time) since it needed it and might help the sale.  I was told it would take 2 hours and since I had no one to pick me up he would expedite it.  I walked to a nearby shopping area and waited the two hours.  I returned to be told that not only did they not do the car but there was still someone ahead of me and asked if I could come back tomorrow morning... .  I left very upset and called the next day to talk to the manager.  He explained that he should never have promised me a time and I told him I would return Tuesday morning.  When I arrived I was told that they were no longer taking pre-paid details that day...  So I had to ask for the manager 4. You should hang around the waiting area and pretend you are a customer. Most people there are only giving you one more chance. I'm not."  a bit pricey but the employees here do a fabulous job." "I pulled up in a my car with my seat looking like a barf bag (PADP - People Against Drunk Passengers) and the guys were great! They thoroughly cleaned my entire car and paid close attention to the aforementioned seat. I got my car looking and smelling like new in under 45 minutes all for $40  the workers are very precise and take the time to explain everything to you!!! Wonderful job. Definitely coming back!!!" Don't waste your money or your time at this place. My husband and I bought 3 details and they managed to screw up every single one! We complained and they gave us a few free car washes. They can't even do that right. Every time I go I hope and cross my fingers that the service has changed and I am always disappointed. I used my last free car wash (crappy) today. They missed coffee on the console dirt on the doors dirty windshield and a lousy vacuum job. Bye bye for good... I hope that no one else falls victim to this pitiful scam."  then I definitely am not spending the $200.00 with you to get it detailed. That's the last time I go there. OH! And my car gets oil changes every 5 pjtB4FadDdq_DeyedjDsOw stay away from this place. it is bad news by far the worst car service I have ever had. and gave it another shot even worst.  Beware thief's "I wish I would have checked this company's Yelp reviews before wasting $200 on a ""detail package"".  I came in for a simple car wash for my older BWM car.  Service person then suggested he could make my car look ""brand new"" for $499 and for an extra $100 buff out a few scratches.  I told him I wasn't interested and then he dropped the price to $400 "Since when does a ""works"" car wash not include wiping the dash and console? So my dash and console were still dirty and my windshield was NOT clean. I will not come here again. I did notice that they had very few customers $13.99 for a basic car wash? You have to be jacking me. Ave car wash at best. 109 degrees and the misters don't work? Goodbye Danny's or whatever you call yourselves now.  because afterwards I went to cash in my $15.00 winning scratch-off lotto ticket and it was gone.  Fifteen dollars isn't a fortune  are you really sure? I see a chip in your window do you want it fixed. I already got it fixed. Well I could fix it better !!!!!!!! I won't ever be back!" I suggest they are honest with their customers Meh. I've experienced better." Definitely one of the worst car washes I've been to. I paid 79.99 for a detailed car wash and this is what was left... See picture of cupholders  the brutally hot Phoenix summer or the recent raid on their service staff by the Sheriff's office for ""identity theft"". But  very pleased with my visit. I stopped by during my lunch hour and while it wasn't slammed with cars there was a steady stream of business. My car looked great once they were finish. I really liked that I didn't have one lone steak from extra water in cracks of mirrors or doors when I drove. I'm so happy that I found this gem!" I actually belove their sign that this is a family business; & they deserve my repeat business..." FIND A BETTER CAR WASH!"  coating half of my (dark gray) Honda Element. It was dry upon arrival and all over the right side of my car. They checked it  ""How hard did they try at Lindstrom because I buffed-it right out.""  Irritated that Showcase did a better job (for free!) I went back to complain to Lindstrom.  They apologized and told me that their detailer was good I recently moved to Phoenix and purchased a new car shortly afterwards. I researched online for a car wash that was reasonably priced and would do a good job. Lindstrom has not disappointed either time I have taken my car there. They take pride in doing a good job. It's worth the drive I make to get there! Have been solely using the Lindstrom Family business as long as I've been in Phoenix (26 years). Always excellent service. No up-sell pressure (sure they ask if you want a hand wax but easily take no for an answer). It appears they are remodeling inside which is too bad since the 1970s decor has always befitted their 1950s ethos. this is the best car wash that I have used in Phoenix.  yelp coupon doesn't hurt either.  and they even cleaned out all the buildup of plant ans tree debris in the joint of my trunk! Always a treat to come here."  but they do a very thorough and detailed job if you get the $22 works car wash. And while you wait you can get an excellent shoeshine. I'm all about two birds with one stone and this is a place I can accomplish that. They will continue to get my business." I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE!"  I actually signed up to Yelp just to write this review!! I would never recommend this car wash to anyone. Myself or family will never go again!!! My girlfriend has been going to this car wash for 5 years. Just recently she had the car detailed for the first time and during that process they went through her glove compartment into her day planner and stole her credit card. Unbelievable. Now she has a reason that she keeps it in the glove compartment that I won't go into because I don't want the thief to know what lies ahead of them Unless I find someplace I like a lot better I would still go back to Lindstrom for the regular car washes they do a good job with the general cleaning but I can't think of a circumstance that would cause me to let them do anything else on my truck ever again." Save yourself the money and buy the Danny's Car Wash Groupon - 3 for $25 instead of spending 1 wash for $16 here only to still be left with an unfinished wash." 9vZ2G7kW_8APo3snijBNaA  you will need to be prepared to spend a little time here - but it's totally worth the wait!" "When the Lindstrom's owned it... it was all about attention to detail. This is my third and last attempt to use this car wash. I'm going to a wedding... need my car nice "Did the Express Wax and was pleased with the detail and level of service.  Well done!  As for the coupon  however they seem to take great care when doing windows and interior once truck comes out of conveyor.  The fifth star is earned by the shoeshine that is also offered while you wait. I'm a sucker for old school service like that and love this place for it. They also have a check-in discount which is also kinda awesome." The wash was good but service moved way too slowly (I waited an hour for my car)  my car was FILTHY.  Joe greeted me with a genuine smile and a happy attitude.  I bought a special mini-detail which was affordable and done beautifully!  Thank you for your wonderful customer service and excellent work." Super friendly and a great wash/vacuum for not a ton of money. Not to mention he ran over my foot while reviewing the video footage........" "I've only ever gone to Lindstrom to have my car washed or detailed. Used to be quick and efficient. The ticket writer talked me into a detail package that was affordable  lindstroms. Well played."  super impressed and I will be coming back!  See ya later Danny's car wash!" Went in for a quick wash and to shampoo the carpet and mats and got just that! They did a really old job on both for the $40 Carpet Express. Not a bad deal! The gentlemen there were very polite and checked on me periodically as I waited. It was about 45 minutes but my mats and floors were pretty dirty so I appreciated them doing a thorough job. "First time here and they locked the keys in the car.  Instead of calling a locksmith they spent 30 minutes trying to open the door. I finally tell them to not touch the car and to call someone. They asked me to call triple a  promised to replace it but then started avoiding my calls. I asked him why and the outraged little man started screaming at me. Needless to say Did a good job of cleaning but definitely missed a couple of spots that I'm paying for (air vent louvers). Looked to upsell me right away to something that didn't make any sense.  at least they could do is make sure my windows are clean. My floors still looked like it wasn't vacuumed either. Lastly "Exceeded my expectations by far! They really took the effort to give my awesome new Toyota the best clean it could get. Not only was it an exceptional clean  they are always friendly and professional. The owner of the car wash is always present and manages his team and his business very well."  except that when I got back to my office I discovered that they had broken one of my windshield wipers and just set the pieces in the wiper well. They never mentioned it. Grrrr. It may be repairable but that's not the point. I may take my car there again but I'll be checking my car a lot more closely for collateral damage." Now I am looking for a new location to wash our trucks and cars. Did they sell the business?" I went to this car wash one time 2 weeks ago ! I believe that they give great customer service I waited almost an hour  and they are plenty of employees they do kind of a good job but it was so funny how lazy some of them are like they can do wayyyyyy better if they work fast and I believe that if they work fast the waiting would be less plus it would be the best car wash ever but nooooo I found another car wash twice better and cheaper.... Prices are to high here and it's not worth it!! But deserves 3 stars !:)  and be given this kind of result I am not interested in doing this again. I probably would've expected this from a basic wash but never again will I do anything more than a wash here. But I think I just convinced myself in the meantime I'll be washing and cleaning the car myself. When it's time for a detail/wax I'll find another place that can at least get the job done right." I went there I went there this morning and have my car washed they didn't clean windows are all smear one side of my door is dusty and they stole over 200 dollars plus my jewelry that i had in my car all gone dont ever go to this carwash bunch of thieves and they dont know how vacuum  doors and windows. After I asked why my truck was still dirty after paying $23 They attempted to wipe it down better and it still looks dirty. I'll never consider going here again."  during the six hour drive. The windshield and front bumper had little surface area that was not covered in bug remnants. The carwash paid extra carful removing the bugs  and had me sparkly and shiny again in about an hour.  They took great care of my car and I recommend them if you're ever in need of an Oh Nuts scrape fix.  Thanks guys."  my car battery completely died and they jumped it for me and told me that it was completely dead and to not turn my car off or it wouldn't start again. They even tested turning it off and rejumped it to make sure. The guy pointed me in the direction of the closest place to go get a new battery. Amazing service!" This used to be a classy family owned car wash. Not anymore. Last week. I purchased The Works wash.  I tipped the vacuum crew and the final wash crew. And tipped well. Someone stole all of the change out of my ashtray. So disappointing. NEVER going back. THEFT!! - We have been using this car wash for years and that ends today. Buyer beware!! NEVER GOING BACK AGAIN STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE"  of the family owned local business is great - but it also is not owned by the Lindstrom family any longer." especially when they work in 100+ degree weather with a high volume of cars coming in during this summer season.if the owner is reading this i hope you offer these people more for their time they are humans too" I called and spoke with Daniel about getting my money back. Still waiting on him to call me back (since that's apparently not something he could have just taken care of during my initial phone call)" "This is not a ""self car wash"" per their yelp category! I drove 10 min out of the way wanting to just drive my car through and that's not an option. With the theft issues they have  but they left scratches on my brand new car.  The towels they used also left smears on my car.  There were also water marks left on both side of my doors."  even though they have kept the Lindstrom name.  On three different occasions I paid for ""the works"" and during the wash they didn't turn on the wax mode.  I made them run my vehicle through again.  The last time I was there my I-Phone cord and charger were stolen I visit Lindstrom's often and the majority of the time they do a great job...unless you get a basic wash and then they don't seem to pay attention to detail. I would recommend this spot if you're planning on getting a premium wash. That they did it. After they found the back coverbut they still do not admitthey speak very rude" Great place whenever your not satisfied with something they'll do everything in there power to make you happy. Good service and dedicated personal. Great service and Joe and Tony will work out an amazing deal. Great place to treat your car for a wash. Customer service is amazing and they truly have the best interest for you and you vehicle to look the best. Scroll down to see photos" "I have always had fantastic experiences at this wash. They are very respectful and kind. They will address any issues you have after the wash (if you are picky like me).  I see the other lower reviews and don't understand them. This place is consistently great. If you have a problem with them "So I've been going to lindstroms for years. I asked for a buff on my car to get rid of some scratches from being side swiped. I usually just get a carwash. The guy quoted me one price and was also going to condition the leather seats. Told me it would take about 35 minutes. I went to the cashier to pay and she saw my ticket and grabbed the manager! Tony They have always done a good job for me.   I like that it is a family owned operational well.  Weekends are busy so expect to wait. The lines are long. BUT they have a Yelp check-in offer for $3 off of your car wash!! Woot woot! I will most definitely be back to Lindstrom again soon!" They always do a good job here. I drive here rather than going to places closer (i.e. Jacksons aka Danny's) because they always do a better job. The line can get a little long but it's usually worth it.  which means I paid an extra $30 for two guys to spend 5 minutes applying way to my car; and I mean 5 minutes literally. All in all  they have not done a good job. I had them shampoo my seats and I looked at them more thoroughly when I got back and there was still dog drool and dirt marks all over. The front dash was still dirty and hadn't been wiped down  but they have lots of employees so the line went quickly (in and out in about 15 minutes).  Cool waiting room inside with TV and couches. Good service and fast!" Very unhappy with the service I received here. Was given attitude when I wouldn't upgrade to the higher car wash and when I stopped at a store on my way home I noticed the numbers that they wrote on my window were NOT washed off. Needless to say I will not be back.  the guy tried to charge me $35 for a hand wash when it says directly on the ticket that it's $25. I had to have the cashier go outside and correct his ""mistake."" The guy thought I wouldn't notice. Ripoff."  there were smudge marks still on the screen where my speedometer is but I thought whatever... BUT NO. I paid $50 for a half ass ""hand wash car wash"" They didn't vacuum my visibly filthy center console that had chips in it. My wheels were still dirty like they hadn't been washed at all and there were crumbs inside of my seats still although I was promised they would be ""cleaned and conditioned"" Afterwards  I'll stick to my regular washes and go somewhere else for the deep cleaning!"  the lady who runs the cash register inside where you pay for it all is rude and unprofessional. She doesn't greet you with hello or how are you but snatches the ticket out of your hand rings you up and basically throws the receipt back at you after you pay. She isn't pleasant to deal with and you feel like you are bothering her by being there. I paid $27 for the works wash plus a $15 tip to have my truck cleaned. I should fist say that we had just returned from a camping trip and the mud was everywhere on the outside of the truck. Also  but there was this one time the guy in control of the air blower accidentally blew the sticker part of my emblem right off. I'm sure since then he's more careful...This last time I went in was yesterday (Father's Day)  and they did a great job both inside and outside.  I'll visit again." It's worth driving down from Tramonto for this kind of service and quality." "This is really the only Arcadia area car wash.  They do a great job.  It does take a little longer than the average car wash  this place is for you. One of very few places where you can get a real hand wash. Not a lot more expensive than automated washes either."  so I'm keeping it!  I hope when this one gets dirty I can take it back and they will trade it in again for another new one! :)" The only warning is make sure you have some time to kill. They do a great job but only have spots two wash to cars at a time. For me its worth the wait!"  my 10 year old vehicle has no aversions to machine washes.  But then again I visit the area often from San Diego and discovered Arcadia Car Wash after a really 'buggy' trip and have been their #1 fan ever since -- clean as showroom new after each visit and the wait is shorter than you think ( if you ever remember how long it would take you to do a complete handwash and vaccuum)! Big J (the owner) takes great pride in making sure each vehicle looks the best it can - you won't be disappointed!  had some real bad wheel grime/buildup and they spent literally 15 mins scrubbing all the wheels to get it clean!" My car was sparkling and I will definitely be back. Glad I finally tried this place out!" "This place does a pretty good job with the car wash but the attendant that takes your money is always saying inappropriate things to me. If you are a woman  quality and detail-oriented wash. Best value handwash in Phoenix by far." Will be going back!!!"  he thought I had it detailed because it looked so good! We are new to Phoenix & there aren't too many full service washes The owners are going to put together a mobile car wash rig so they can wash cars at people's office or home This is not good news."  which is nice and when you get work done it always includes a ""limited time"" coupon for additional work.  Not a bad deal..." One of the better wash places- way better than Danny's for sure.."  it's never a long wait and the prices are good.  The guys are always super nice to me.  Every time I've gone  I found that the car wash left the door open and that the vehicle wouldn't start...To my surprise all power was dead and it didn't have the power to turn on a flashlight!  It took a friend of mine to arrive with a pair of jumper cables and some patience as we had to slowly re-charge the battery and for the electronics on board to realize the charge.  After about an extra hours delay  it's a k2 model..That was the big selling point of these cars 10 years ago.. The guy continues to argue with me in a pretty hostile tone so I decide to go somewhere else. I drive less than 2 miles away and see another auto car wash The manager explained that I needed to sign the waiver PRIOR to them washing my car. So here I sit waiting while they wash my car  Honda CRV... Looks great! They have a lovely inventory of greeting cards as well."  comfy waiting area.... I'll be back as soon as soon as my windshield is so dirty I can't see out if it anymore."  but I haven't found a car wash that is.  Staff was friendly and they were speedy enough.  Average prices." "They could not do an oil change on a 2010 Kia Sedona - no oil filter in spite of the two auto parts store in the same block. Friendly I just came from there right now Time at Car Wash - 2hrs"  they did not wipe the interior down. They left dirty spots all over the car the windows were not wiped down inside. To top it all off they never told us our car was done and left it sitting in the sun 8.99 full service car wash.  A bargain price and a great wash.  Buy the 5 pack of washes and it is even cheaper.  Inside is vacuumed and outside is great. 19.99 rain x wash. It was a Toyota Tacoma truck. The service was very friendly. Little to no up sell and it was very fast. My only complaint is that they missed some spots. Very minimal!  the passenger compartment air filter. They were totally right that it needed replacing. I was not all flattered by the $49 cost. I went on Amazon while I was there and bought two for $14.99. And then I went to youtube to find out how to replace it. That sort of thing. For what they do tI600wWPFDc4bxEvrbBpRQ  the works but I was on my way out of town so in a bit of a rush manager asked me if 30 minutes was ok I said yeah. 30 minutes later I went to check and found they hadn't started yet!! I got in my truck and left stopping out front for a refund." Its kind of weird to review a car wash...especially since I generally get the $5 deal. These guys are always quick and easy and the attendants are nice. Its right down the street so I can't really complain about anything. I'm not sure about other services but I would definitely go back to get some if I needed it. And while we're on the subject ... it's really wrong the way repair shops play this game. They have really given their industry a horrible name by preying on people's fear of breaking down on the side of the road to upsale repairs that are often unnecessary.  Sorry for the rant  especially because I chose only their $4 basic..  but driving home one of the silver strips flew off my door (around the window) and so that's forever lost.  not blaming it on the car wash "I like that this car wash has self service and drive thru options. The self service option is great because you can get your car as sparkly as you like it and you get a great workout in. It does require you to have quarters (or small bills for the coin machine) and I typically use 2-3 rounds For what it is works great. Never needed anyone help but every time I go someone is there working.  so I stopped by. Just to update some facts: the express car wash is now $4.99 and it costs a $1 to feed the machine that vacuums your car. There are a number of places that do an express wash for $3 and the vacuum is free These guys do a great job. I've looked everywhere for a drive thru wash with soft pads so it doesn't scratch my paint..drive thrus r harsh on black..and not only does this place have it but the guys come out and give ur car a pre hand scrubbed wash down..legit..$5-7 can't beat it. Both me and my fiance come here..both black sports cars and never worry about scratches. :) This place is really down. I tried to vacuum my car and two of the machines wouldn't take the quarters and the third machine I tried ate the $1 I put in. Definitely not coming back here.  but these guys have earned it.  I had been washing my cars here for 16 years.  They used to have a very good spot-free rinse.  It has significantly gone downhill the past two years however.  The last 2 visits the soap brushes have failed to operate  and provide great customer service. The Car Wash equipment is well maintained. Their prices are quite reasonable. They hand wash the exterior of your vehicle. After a couple visits I'm quite impressed! See you guys again soon."  there's almost always a manager outside to speak to. Another plus is that it's not usually very crowded. The only negative is that their waiting area is a little shabby and could use a TV or some magazines Definitely worth the money!"  but was bought out by another member of the family. Everytime I have brought a vehicle here they have done a great job. They offer many services and options for your individual needs. The prices are reasonable and they offer a discount if you come back in a week. With the monsoon season upon us this could come in handy. I drive the 15 minutes to get my car washed here. It's what I know. Maybe I'm afraid of change?"  or grabbing a rag and walking around after they are done wiping at nonexistent spots? And then giving them little to nothing as a tip. For christsakes go home and wash it yourself. They are working hard in the sun  even though they didn't seem that busy. Very poor quality wash. They actually smeared dirt on previously spotless areas on the interior." I absolutely love this place and will continue to get my car washed Time to find a new car wash."  get sudsy and do your own car (shout out to all your high rollers who pay Danny's for their luxury wash)!  Weiss Guys on 40th Street is a T-bird secret.  Tucked away next to Circle K  perfect for motorcycles!" Their water is cold. Go somewhere else if you need/want warm water to rinse your car or undercarriage." I highly recommend it and will be back." I love this place! I started going here because I was given some free car wash vouchers. The guys that work here are so friendly. I always feel like I get the VIP treatment even though I'm just sitting in my car and vacuuming my own car. I have even had the guys give me a free windshield out of the vending machine when another guys got stuck and last time j was there he asked if I needed more time on the vacuum. Last time I was there I even literally almost ran into two of the owners (at least I think they were the owners). They were also super friendly and made sure I had everything I needed. I mean it's no glamorous car wash so if you are lazy and want it all done for you then this isn't your place but if you are just needing a car wash and don't mind vacuuming yourself and wiping down the inside of your car this is the place! Remember to tip the guys for all their hard work. Thanks Weiss Guys! It took forever for the water to get warm. And of course while I was waiting it was using up the time on the clock. The nozzle they have on the end of the hose is very difficult to hold onto and wash your dog at the same time. And when I switched it to rinse I waited and waited and waited and it never did have clear water coming out of the hose. When I talked to the attendant about it he gave me extra time on the clock. I don't feel like my dogs were truly clean because I could see a small amount of suds still on their body when we finished. After all that and spending $18 I still had to bring them home and rinse them off again. Definitely will not go back. There are too many other dog washes to go through that again. "Love love love the service here...Jimmy is always friendly and professional and is a pleasure to see every time.  As a clean freak with a monthly membership Finally I will find a place that want to earn my money and business" I used to go to the drive-thru portion quite a bit and it wasn't the best car wash but it was okay for the money. But the last time I took my truck through there when I got home I noticed it I had scuff marks all along the edge of the roof where it meets the driver's door. I had to take that to a shop and have that all buffed out. I guess that bargain Car Wash wasn't such a bargain after all  I usually leave these car wash places feeling frustrated and ripped off. I have yet to have that feeling here  it doesn't matter as I am not interested in the ding fix - thanks anyway.  He continues to bug me and I - not being a fan of hard-sells - told him very directly that I was not interested and to leave me alone.  Think he stopped?  Oh no!  He starts in again at which point I got a hold of the manager who upsold me on the gold and said bsoVRCfwAEWQfSvujDy2oA I highly recommend this place.  You wont be sorry."  but I have to say that I was very happy.  Their customer service was fantastic and they did wonders with my 6-year-old car I get my car washed every two weeks here for the last year. The staff is super friendly I dont see my self ever going to another carwash company. 2.5 stars: 2 hours for a detail and no wi-fi :(  the customer service was atrocious and I will not recommend The AZ Car Wash Company to anyone.  This experience could have been simply prevented by a professional working at each location.  There are plenty of reputable car washes available...I suggest you find another one.  Try Danny's Car Wash "These guys are the best--don't bother with the ""family"" car wash--these folks are way above that experience--friendly "They do a pretty good job.  They don't try too hard to sell more services. Just make sure to check your car to make sure they get all the spots.  Also very important is they are pretty quick.  No problem if you want to get something to eat while they wash your car  watch out for the coupon specials. Not all the employees know how to honor them and will try to charge you for something else entirely"  I've come here three times since (we bought coupon packets) and windows aren't cleaned as well as they should and ive asked two separate times for them to vacuum my trunk and both times it wasn't done. I've gone to full hand car washes in other towns that are cheaper and take more time really doing a good job on your car. Not going back here again." Terrible experience. Always trying to up-sell. Took my wife's SUV thru yesterday.  Paid for the top of the line wash. Interior wasn't complete. When I pointed out the dirt the attendant handed ME a rag. Thanks for nothing!  My last visit to this place. The exterior looked the same as it always does after a wash. The interior was average. The cup holders were still sticky and not at all detailed. I was very disappointed. I got basically a deluxe carwash for over $115 plus a generous tip. I did not think the minimum wage workers should be punished for the actions of the salesman."  but was pretty clean when I drove in.  Totally missed vacuuming the trunk.  Will look elsewhere next time."  I won't be returning. I bought the Platinum wash and when my car was returned I had to run it back up to be re-vacuumed. Seats still had hair and they did not bother lifting up the mats to vacuum underneath. When re-vacuuming I had to do it the employee didn't. I also had to wipe down some parts in the car as they did not bother wiping it down (dashboard was done great however other parts in the car were not) and that was frustrating. The worst part is that when I was wiping in between the seat and center console my wipe got the biggest dirt and hair glob! I'll be using the run through $3 wash from now on.." "Don't know why this place only has 3 stars they do good work and have beer on tap  and get Chevron to upgrade the gas tanks and register system or something so they don't get more reviews like this one."  I tried this place out as I didn't know any others in the area. They ended up charging me $20 to run my car thru the car wash and was done in 2 minutes. They got an extra 15 dollars out of me but won't get any more of my business" My god!  Fire and gas stations DON'T MIX!  I hope they all explode and remove themselves from the gene pool!" Its annoying when all you want is a $10 car wash and every time they want to charge you for any number of sealants and crap.  And ""no thank you"" isn't good enough.  They have to give you their situational anecdotes and keep hassling.  Go to Danny's  the nonstop sales pitches from the moment we pulled in were really rather irritating. After iterating several times that we were not interested in getting the car detailed or waxed  despite the fact that I told them several times not to call me anymore.  I called the Phoenix Police and they suggested that I contact my phone company and it turned out that I had a feature to block specific phone numbers from calling me.  I blocked them and haven't heard from them since." I stopped here while waiting for someone nearby to get ready. the have tv's inside to kill time. nice!!  but I'll probably use it before then. I wish there was a Cobblestone closer to me than this one. I have to drive 16 miles one way to get there. Because of the distance I will definately make time to go back to this particular location." Bottom Line:  It's a car wash- they make their real profits on the ""extras"".  If you aren't interested Car wash poor. Left waterspots all over. Lazy employees.  Refused to clean rims properly after being told it would not be a problem.  When spoke with manager he stood behind his lazy employees.  1 star is being generous. I immediately threw away wash card I had signed up for. Not this or any other cobblestone carwash will ever see any of my vehicles again. "The customers service could be better in the store.....but the guys who take care of my trucks on the outside are great. I bought the Groupon deal to receive 3 months of unlimited express car washes for 20 bucks....there is not a better deal in the state of Arizona....maybe even the nation....LOL. The guys here get my trucks squeaky clean....and I am out in 5 minutes or less and that includes hand drying it. I will be enjoying this great deal until late October.....but even without the deal the wash is only 4.99 which is very cheap for what you get. So if you need to get your car or truck clean in this Arizona desert....head over to Cobblestone....and remember to Eat  its been a breeze to pull in and access the car wash. And did I mention this location has a Dunkin Donuts inside? Score!!!!!"  the machine will give you a receipt and force you to go inside the store to get your change -- which completely defeats the purpose of ""fast pass.""" I will not be back to this place.  Not worth the price.  I have had better done cheaper." I would suggest to management that there" Pushy about upsells. Horrible cleaning job! Go somewhere else. I actually don't think the up sells are so high pressure . . . dine out and servers always push appetizers  I feel as if I'm at a used car sales lot. The employees are incredibly pushy to upsell you on a simple car wash. I can't say I will be returning anytime soon."  I fell for the $4 ""Supreme Upgrade"" and you forgot my vanilla air freshener. Dang it. Had no idea what kind of negotiation would occur if I went back  so there were water spots everywhere. They also didn't even attempt to wipe off the adhesive from the tape. It seems reasonable to expect that your car will be cleaner after a car wash than before 1/31/13 - Issue resolved by Cobblestone Save your self the hassle "Been to this car wash several times and each time it leaves white spots all over the car! Not sure if its water spots or excessive soap not being washed off. The car is clean but very spotty. Everytime I have to use a wet rag to wipe the spots off. Also if I get gas there AVOID FRANK LLOYD RIGHT & HAYDEN LOCATION AT ALL COSTS!"  I have to report on my recent experience at Cobblestone and hope the people in charge see this and reward this employee accordingly.... I made an unplanned visit on Monday because I got into my van and found it crawling with ants! EWWW.. I hate ants! So I raced up there These guys and gals do such a great job!  I had a great experience other than the lady that was sitting in front of me.  Not sure how her husband deals with her non stop complaining.  My car however was good as new when I left. I have started making the drive to this cobblestone weekly now!  As a former Danny's customer (closest car wash to my house) I was shocked when I stopped by here today while out running errands.  The quality here is far more than Danny's could have ever hoped for.  Driving a black car you want it to be treated well and sparkle when finished....you get that here!  The workers are extremely friendly and do a very quality job and make sure every detail is taken care of.  Even if a spot is pointed out they are quick to take care of it and find other spots.  I will always go out of my way to travel to this location for a superior wash to keep my car looking its best.  makes my experience more enjoyable. I've gotten their express wash to their extreme wash and I have to say overall I've been happy with the cleanliness of my car and how fast it gets washed. Even if I have to wait I don't mind as they have free wifi so I generally take the time to check my emails or watch a movie. The guys and gals working there are always friendly and helpful. The only I don't like is years ago when I would get a car wash here wiping down the interior upholstery was part of the wash but now it's an extra charge so my exterior is clean And I still come here to get my car washed. What can I write- I think at this point I think Cobblestone is like a comfy pair of shoes to me. Lol." Great service and honesty. Completely compensated for minor damage to my car. Great work Daniel!  now they no longer care about customer service.. Just how much can they make while you are there..." Go find out for your self. For 3.99 during happy hour my cars was super clean :D"  but today was exceptional.  Five stars for Cobblestone.  I'll definitely be back!" hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g This auto spa us conveniently located at the 51 and bell rd. Out of all the washes I've tried this one will accept larger trucks with oversized wheels for the same price as a car. Attention to detail is pretty good. My vehicle is always clean inside and out. The other thing I like is they do oil and tire rotation for a reasonable amount of money. "We ran over some road garbage on SR51...complete blowout.  Hobbled our car off the freeway and bell and luckily cobblestone was right there. Before we could even think to dial triple A I recommend this location!"  mats were not vacuumed. Mind you I don't smoke. When I brought it to the Managers attention he told me that their packages don't cover vacuuming inside the car. The guy who sold me this package when I got there promised me the dashboard  and oil changes! Anything and everything I need exceeds more than my expectations. I go to this wash at least two times a week and I leave happy every time!"  and voila! FINALLY!!! a detail job that you guys at Cobblestone can be proud of. Guillermo went the extra mile and it shows. Thanks for fixing it  where there is a kids playground inside(who knew) The two people working were smiling and seemed to be super happy (even if they were working on a Saturday)  The man gave me a receipt and said now that you have this you can come in next time and get a free car wash and also today you get free popcorn.  I laughed and was surprised by the popcorn machine near the entrance (fresh popcorn).  I left after spending twenty bucks with popcorn "Best experience at a car wash in a very long time treated the kids fantastic treated my car like it was their own.  Nice job team "Was waiting for my vehicle in the outside seating area.   A man rode up on a bicycle and sat in the seats and lit up a cigarette. ... in the common area. He wasn't even there to get a car washed.   I went inside to ask if that was allowed "I have been a cobblestone customer since I moved to Arizona last June. I never had a bad experience here until 11/14/2014.  I used one of the ""Free Wash"" coupons from the book my wife bought me for my birthday... My truck got damaged in the wash. I mentioned this in a previous review "This is one of the only spots I bring my car because they do the best job by far! I had an issue with a major ""spill"" let's call it (vomit) in my back seat. I have a brand new Mercedes so wasn't to happy. I brought it there to see what they could do. They detailed it for me and shampooed it. A few days later I still picked up a whiff of the odor. I brought it back and they shampooed it again for free and were so nice and accommodating. No charge. Big thanks to Jaime and Guillermo! Very professional and really nice guys! Recommend this place as they have always done an outstanding job." hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g Great customer service! Good job on car wash and will take care of anything needed if not!  I've had some bad experiences but today I was greeted by Nel who is absolutely the most fantastic employee I've ever encountered here. Please give him a raise so you keep him around." Always have to check the car before I pull away or bring it back. Only reason I give 2 stars is they are always quick to fix but how many times should that have to happen.  one of the salesmen was trying to sell me into getting my car waxed. The reason was because my car was going to have stains on it from sprinkler marks on it. Which seemed a little weird. The point is was he was trying to sell me to buy for having my car waxed. I did not get my car waxed 4. Your customers should not have to walk around the car and show you how shitty your work is. If you do this for a living you should be able to see that there is still dirt or water on the car. Have someone who knows what dirt  sometimes more. Even bought the $30 monthly membership. Then I was told today that even though I've had my car washed here 15-20 times it is suddenly ""too low"" for their tunnel. I was told by the attendant that even though I pay the $30 a month that now I have to pay an extra $10 each time I get it washed for the ""hand wash."" (""It's a great deal!!"" he said) I told the attendant that I wanted to cancel and he printed up a receipt and dropped it in my lap through the window and walked away. I went inside with every intent to cancel but thankfully the cashier was extremely helpful and informed me the Cobblestone in Mesa has a conveyor type tunnel that can accommodate lower cars. This location has not only lost MY business Ok so never once have these people done a good job.  Unfortunately with their location i keep reluctantly re-engaging.  When they should have apologized the managers justified the crappy work by saying that they do the best they can with the employees they have.  They will send my car through again a second time if I request but if I had two and a half hours and fifty dollars to spare Id do it myself and spend the savings at the nearby healthy habits massage." By far the worst car wash I have ever had. For $20 you would think they would wipe down the inside a little. I'm convinced if you don't buy whatever up sell they're trying to get you to buy you're getting a crappy wash. I'm mad I tipped. Never will return to this location. Go to the one on frank lloyd wright they know what they're doing.  HORRIBLE service.  We came to have our Lexas RX washed and the carpets shampooed cause we are selling the car.  Dropped it off and they said come back in hour.  We went to lunch and came back an hour later.  There was still several spots of bird poop and they had shampooed the carpets but didn't vacuum. So they said they would run it through again and vacuum the seats.  We said we would be back and went and ran some errands.  Another hour later we come back and there is still bird poop and the vacuuming just seemed to scatter the dirt around.  The carpets are still dirty.  We aren't difficult and trying to get something for nothing.  They agreed to shampoo and was the car for $50.  I expect the job to be done.  So we pointed out the bitd poop that we pointed out before.  They took it away again and shampooed the mats and vacuumed....again.  To come back and miss the front mats....it was a 4 hour process how to tell 5hem how to do their job.  Admittedly they did it there's a dunkin donut inside in case you do get your car hand washed. The hand wash is good. Not the best "Great service and wash.  I especially like that they now have vacuums so if you do the express you can vacuum it out as well.  Very efficient and gets you through quick.  I come back to this location because they take care of you and if they don't  since they stopped drying the cars. Then he starts berating me about how long ago I bought the booklet. He looks it up in the computer "Cobblestone gets 5 stars for the people they hire and the culture they create within the company. The managers and employees are cheerful and courteous. Sure there are little things that I may change Brought my car in for ultimate wash.  They did a superb job washing and cleaning inside my car.  This is my second time.  I would not go anywhere else.  Recommend everyone to bring your car in.  You'll be pleased with the service. "Had a bad experience with one of these ""full service"" car washed and I was actually looking for a self service car wash when I came to this one. I decided to give it a try and purchased the Supreme which is only one step up from the basic. To my surprise my car is actually pretty clean after they got done with it.  I still prefer doing the car wash on my own which I will have to find out where the entrance is because that's how I came to this car wash but somehow when I pulled in I was right at where the guys would ""take my order"". Anyway I will be back."  2015. I was the only vehicle in line to enter the wash at the time. I have a 2015 Nissan Murano the damage to my new car is horrible! The lies that came from Manager and the complete run around they're giving me to have my car fix is wasting time! Don't take your car to any of these so called Spa washes!!! The reason I went in was to wash off bird poop I had a horrible experience here. I got an exterior wash on my way out of town.  On my way to CA it started to rain. I turned on my rear wiper only to discover that it wasn't working. I pulled over to see what was going on and there was tape still stuck to my car holding the wiper still. I was gone for a couple of weeks. I went back to the car wash and asked if they could remove the tape residue that was from the tape they installed. The manager accused me of putting the tape on.  Why would I put tape on my car and hold my wiper. I wasn't asking for a complete detail. Nor was the manage even going to recommend a free wash due to their mistake. After about an hour of me not being polite anymore and calling the cooperate number he gave me. Which is a complete run around. Still waiting for my call back from them. The manager was completely unprofessional. Told me they don't put tape on cars. Funny as a separate employee had previously said ya that's why we stopped using tape a week ago.  The manager was not making this right. After I set there for an hour and refuse to leave the driveway for others to get by. The manager finally had his detailer remove the residue that his establishment left. Where has customer service gone. I wash 4-5 cars there a week and now will never return to a Cobblestone. They don't make their mistakes right and the cooperate won't even return my call.  I will not recommend a place that doesn't own their mistakes. No integrity. Run from this place! Unless you like high pressure sales!"  professional and friendly. I waited in comfort inside as he repaired the crack so the glass looks as good as new. I was in and out quickly and the employees were accommodating. I would go out of my way to come back!" "Always had a great experience with Cobblestone and they are my official go-to car wash!  Everyone was pleasant and my car receives a thorough bumper to bumper ""Ultimate Wash.""" Awesome staff!! Went through self wash to rinse off my car Friday 9/4/15 at lunch and vacuum. I had just gotten a new car and didn't know it auto locks. Sooo I locked myself out all the staff was very helpful and Shiloh finally got my car open in time for me to make it back to work. Thank you guys so much!! You're awesome.  I can find enough things to do to keep my busy for that long. At two hours I asked for an update at which point they told me it would be another hour. Why wouldn't they have told me a more accurate time or at least updated me when the time was longer than originally quoted? Terrible service and will not return."  they are usually new chips and nicks on the paint job which they totally deny is their fault." "Had my black truck detailed after it was damaged in the recent storm.  Carlos removed all of the the tree branch scuffs and got the paint looking like new.  It looks far better than when I had the dealer buff it out about a year ago.  Carlos was courteous A 1 star is a generous rating.  I went back because I didn't have all day to get my car washed and they gave me a prepaid gift card for the amount of the wash since I didn't have 4 hours to kill.  They always negotiate services and I got a wash and wax and detail  for $120 (which was the amount on my card) The attendant (Simon) wrote it up as a wash and headlight polish and said it would take about 2 1/2 hours.  I went to pay for it and they wouldn't accept the prepaid card because its only for what you are replacing.  The cashier went and got Simon and he said if you want what you ordered it would be $80 more.  I told him nope  Its not happening.  I called my son to pick me up and we went to lunch since I had 2 hours to kill. He dropped me off 3 hours later and they said it would be 2 more hours.  The attendant   said they basically lie to do the sale and he gets stuck with the angry customers.  The big problem that I had on the car was I had a 12 pack of coke explode in the car and needed it cleaned up.  They really didn't wipe down the dash and they didn't spot shot the ceiling which the salesman said they would do.  The wax job that they were going to do didn't even take off a price sticker off the trunk.  Shitty job all the way around.  I can't recommend this merely bankrupt company I am so impressed by the service and appreciate the care that the manager gives to make sure everything is done perfectly.  Thank you Guillermo! First time customer.  Went in for an oil change and car wash. The service was speedy and everyone was super friendly.  I will be a repeat customer and I will tell all my friends and family to go there. I have had nothing but the best experience here!! The staff is friendly and they really do a great job cleaning and washing your car! Specifically the people who finish your car after it comes through the wash! They work hard and fast to make your car look great! Today I had the pleasure of having Mistie up in the front check me out which she was beyond AWESOME and I also had Ginny help me as well who was me just as equally as awesome! For your glass repair needs you have Jason! Jason is so cool and he remembers you when you come back and that means a a lot! I recommend every one to come here! The best is when you pick up your car and you have Israel to and you on your way! He is always in a friendly mood and he always sends you home with a smile on your face! Thanks Cobblestone! Keep up the good work!  a  rag would have taken care of it .  I bought the Supreme Wash.  I wasn't wowed like I had hoped.  This is my first wash with my new (used) truck and was hoping for the wow factor.  I bought one step up from the cheapest car wash so maybe I should have bought a higher priced wash.  Since they missed some obvious dirt I am torn about this place.  Loved the staff and Dunkin Donuts but I am on the fence as to whether or not I will wash it myself in the future.  Maybe I should give them one more try...." "I Have the fast pass here and the great thing is that it works for hand washes! Free wifi and car wash  and 3 people cleaning cars. Been here almost 45 minutes now. I spend $80.00 a week at this place for 2 cars. What a waste  it's like driving her off the lot for the first time again! Thanks AJ for the recommendation and thanks to everyone who helped with the dirty work!"  but wasn't quite thorough enough for me. The worst part was a big puddle of product that was sprayed on my leather seat but never wiped down "The interior of my car could not have been in worse shape.  I was hesitant to even take it somewhere because it was so bad.  My daughter made arrangements for a complete interior/exterior detail.  We dropped the car off and when I picked it up I couldn't believe it was the same car!  As I was leaving I had a mechanical issue with a window (turns out not their fault) and spoke to Guillermo the following morning.  He explained what was wrong and I was at a loss as to how I would get it fixed especially on Christmas Eve.  Matt I do recommend if you need your car washed with some deal of effort to go to Johnson's Family Wash on Tatum just south of Cactus. It's the old Danny's Car Wash "I went for an oil change.  I got the highest upgraded car cleaning package with leather conditioning.  I asked if it included interior cleaning and he assured me it did.  My car had not been wiped down at ALL when I got it back.  I complained to the manager that said it wasn't included but he would send it over to detail if I wanted to wait and would tip them.  I agreed.  They wiped it down a bit but it was still a mess and even the exterior of my car was full of marks that didn't get cleaned properly.  I never mind paying for things  did not include engine and planned to use it at a later date. I spilt a Coke in the middle console on my way home from church Sunday which prompted me to get the detail done. I bring the car in let them know about the spill and the passenger seat. my son sat in something sticky and transferred it and his back jeans on to the seat. Sales guy says do I want to add buffing on for an extra charge  especially with Nel.  I was so happy he didn't try to push me for more then I needed or wanted and did what I wanted for a very reasonable price. I will be coming back now that I've been treated so well & feel like I will continue to get exceptional service here."  drinks and miscellaneous items for sale. The seating can't be beat! Nice cushioned chairs and couches and plenty of them."  I get breakfast at Dunkin donuts ." As a ride share driver for Lyft I get dirty carpets. Stopped on a monday morning no lines no waiting and asked about it. They were very friendly with limited annoying upsell and offered to clean all carpets and mats plus a basic car wash for $49.99. They have a Dunkin donuts on site while u wait. Car was taken to detail area after wash and 2 people hand shampooed the carpets and cleaned all up nicely. Recommend. They are so bad they shouldn't be able to call themselves a car wash. My windshield is actually dirtier than when I got there. The place is awful!!!  but try to keep it in good running order. I like to change the oil even when it is not necessarily due. I was able to pull in immediately and was friendly greeted by Matt. He examined the old sticker from another place saying the oil change was due in November "My 7 and 9 yr old could have done better in less time and with muddy paws. Regret being upsold and also buying that future wash. Dont do it.  Extra services and addons are supposed to make the car look better Went to get gas today and my fianc slipped and fell on the diesel fuel on the ground near the pump. Went inside to alert the manager and he said I'm sorry but we aren't liable if you fall I said yes you are. He said no if someone falls on the curb its not our fault. And this is what you call customer service! No offer of towels to get the fuel off my fiance clothes. Had to go in again to ask for towels and the jerk ass manager said he would get them and never came back. He was too busy looking cool to care about a potential hazard! Carlos the manager is a jerk! I am always so thankful to come here! I used to live right down the street and now travel across town to come. They are not only very friendly but do a great job and I never have to worry about my car or being over charged. Matt is always smiling and is always so helpful!  sand along the floor of the back seat. They didn't eve clean/wipe the dirty cup holders or door handles. Still dirt and much along entire the bottom on the exterior of the car. Oh and dead bugs on the wundshield. I wasn't a 219.00 detail job for what I paid but come on. It's a scion xb. Not some gigantic suv. How much time would it had taken to be just a little more thorough in your work? The topper? They asked me what scented I wanted for the car and didn't put it in. What was the point of asking me?" "I always enjoy getting my car washed here. Everyone is so friendly and courteous.  My car comes out squeaky clean and smelling awesome. Don't misread the other reviews indicating their car was dirty etc. you get what you pay for. When you pay for a ""basic"" wash what do you expect to get a detail? I have been a customer of cobblestone for over 7 years and have never had a ""dirty"" car when I got in it after the wash. Management is so friendly as well AND... I've spent almost 45 minutes online looking for account access so I can cancel and/or modify. I have yet to find it."  slowly warming up to the idea. I still hate the 7a-6p hours and the website needs LOTS of work. Suggestion: Make the website easier to select other services and change service levels." Shout out to Matt from cobblestone. Pulled in with blown tire and Matt immediately had me pull up and swapped out bad tire for the spare.  He was such big help. I would deff come back based on great customer service exp. Here. I still expect a call from the Manager."  I mean TERRIBLE car wash. I foolishly purchased ""the works"" and when I got home I had to wash the interior myself. Before I left I looked through the car and pointed out that the surfaces had not been wiped down and it obviously wasn't vacuumed well. These complaints were basically ignored till I got frustrated and left. Either get your car detailed or wash it yourself (you'll have to anyway) but don't waste your money going to Cobblestone." Just wanted you to know that Scotty always provides amazing service!  My husband and I are 97 & 89 and he treats us so well. He is really great. "What a scam. Sign on the street says $3 exterior wash. 50 cents off gas with carwaah purchase.  Was charged  $5.99 for wash and received only 10 cents a gallon off gas purchase. Bait and switch.  Car still had bugs on the front.  They got once I got home to finish removing the wax and saw they had not removed much of the oxidation on my headlights either."  value and customer service of any car wash I've been through.  Scott has personally greeted me the last couple times and through this little bit of extra customer service I've became a bigger fan of Cobblestone.  A+ rating for Scott and the Team at Cobblestone!" "Really love this carwash for the express wash; especially having a toddler that won't sit still for an actual sit-and-wait carwash. The prices are great and the carwash always look so nice for being a drive-through wash. Each time we come we happen to get Scott who is always so friendly and helpful to us. We've been to the other Cobblestone off Pima  friendly and warm. His joyous personality radiated and his customer service knocked my socks off. Left with a sparkling car and a smile plastered on my face. Shall definitely return!" "Had a flat tire on the NB 51 on Friday afternoon June 03 when temperature was 114 degrees.  Limped off the freeway at the Bell Rd exit and pulled in to shaded area of Cobblestone to change out the tire.  As I was removing spare tire and jack from vehicle "I had a great experience today. I'm usually reluctant to stop for a car wash because of high pressure sales. Scott Koeppen took care of me. He was friendly and easy going. Scott did offer me a book of car washes at a discounted rate and I accepted. There was no badgering He will always treat you right and are sure you get the service and quality you've been looking for and deserve. He's a RealvAmeriCAN not an AmeriCAN'T get er done no BS kind a guy. Try him you will love him I guarantee!" hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g I bought the unlimited car washes and visit about 3 times weekly. Scott always greets me happily. Thanks for being so attentive. Since signing up as a monthly subscribers and with the way they always are attentive to the needs for keeping my car neat and clean. I have achieved continuos compliments for the way car looks. Which in turn has warned me compliments on my ratings with uber for being one of the best uber rides a person has taken. Thanks for all the hard work and keep up the good work. hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g  so of course I had to go check it out for myself - sure enough all of the positive reviews mentioning him were 100% spot on! I will definitely be a returning customer because of Scott and his team! They go the extra mile in customer service and with the quality of work done! Truly appreciated the cleaning of the small areas inside my car which are most often overlooked at other places! Scotts energy is contagious and he greeted me with the biggest smile! He is not your typical sales guy pushing you to add on packages I've been going to this location for quite a while and I am appreciative everytime I recieved good service from any establishment by writing a review or feedback. This is the 1st time a quality control supervisor took a look at the job done and ensured it is within or above their standards and most of all the standards of the customer. I will not be that particular of the details but a shout out to Scott Koeppen for the job well done!  and they do a great job every time. Best cobblestone I've been to in the valley. Plus they hook up veterans on holidays They claim it to be spot free but it isnt. My windshield had a lot of spots. Thats because the time your car spends in the air dry section is not enough.  everywhere.  I did this intentionally so that everyone could see how badly they do. But if I were to pay the extra $$ for the ""mud package""  and always have the supplies for all types of vehicles in stock.    The managers Matt and Scott always make sure you are happy before you leave.   I have 8 different vehicles and they all come here for regular maintenance." This is my favorite location! Great oil change service and have the factory items needed for my newer car that the dealer has. Matt and his team are prompt and courteous and take the time to answer questions and help plan for future car maintenance. Great service great price and super fast! Also convenient hours as only place open on a Sunday evening! Def recommend!!!  I didn't want a sympathy wash. I wanted a genuine experience and that's what I got.)" ate my money and no car wash :(  and trust me I'm in the transportation business and my car have to cleaned daily My favorite car wash as I like to support the Mom and Pops establishments.  Sometimes I wish they had more help.  It can be a good 45 minute wait. "This car wash is amazing. The staff work hard and wash the cars all by hand. They are reasonable and do a wonderful job. I will come here "You can't get a better hand wash for $8. These guys worked really hard washing my exterior thoroughly 3-4 times . They cleaned my interiors incl dashboard  