Only negitive is the hours: 9am-4pm"  we went during lunch hour on a weekday and it was so busy that I didn't get as much meat...so it wasn't as good as the first time.  I will be back though  a bit chaotic and is apparently cooled by wall-mounted fans. Yet I can see myself going here on a regular basis. So  peppers ... just cheese and steak.  And it's heaven."  maybe on a Saturday and get a cheesesteak with mushrooms.  A rogue mushroom found it's way into my cheesesteak and it was awesome!  Now I gotta see what it would be like with a whole bunch of them!" My only complaint is that this place is just so small.  There is so little room to eat or even stand.  They would benefit from a walk-up window for to-go orders."  so be sure to stick to the real deal and grab a coupon from the website."  and free refills on drinks. Check out their website at http://www.bestofphillyaz.com for a discount coupon They messed up one of our orders and made a new sandwich and also wrapped up the ""mistake"" for us to take with us."  look no further; this is the place.  The sandwich almost melts in your mouth... holy cow! It was delicious.  The fries are just your standard run of the mill fries shame and lamenting  ""what man would want me now""?"  all in all a good experience and I would return.  I've never been to Philadelphia to try the 'real' thing maybe that'll be my next foodie vacation!"  but it gets four here in Phoenix for at least doing it the right way. My negative is they skimp on the meat. As others have said  this place is not really health but every once in a while you need a gut-bomb."  I gave it a try...  MAN!! First bite exploded in my mouth!! Never thought Philly steak could be this good!!  Meat is so soft and tender "My BF swears by this place. He says its the closest he's had to the cheesesteaks in Philly. Well I've never been to Philly and if their famous cheesesteaks are like these  but the meat was underseasoned and there wasn't enough for the size of the roll (10 inch) I needed more onions than they gave me  but you HAVE to try their gyros. AMAZING. Just remember your number if you call in for takeout...they don't take your name. Bombsteak!"  I've been coming for years and the same family has been here since I can remember which means their food is just as good today. Cheese steaks are great and make sure you get the grilled peppers!" great people run this place. it is clean and the food is always great.  but I'm not sure I'd try them....I'm just there for the cheese steak and that is all....yum!"  but not ""Philly's Best"". ;)"  but still good. Note that it's very tiny inside - be prepared to squeeze through. They sell Tastykakes at the register  it didn't have much meat on it!! Especially for $6.59 for a ten incher. I felt like I had eaten a six inch sub with double bread. If I ever come back I guess I'd have to spring for double meat. They did however have ""Tasty Cakes"" just like back East. You can't beet a good ""Butterscotch Krimpet""!" The owner and his staff are awesome  with an open honest mind.. You will enjoy the wonderful owners and food...Bet That!"  so this was the first time I have eaten at Best Of Philly. I will for sure eat there next trip! The Gyros was amazing! And the mushroom steak sub was too die for! Thanks to the nice people working Took away one star for how cramped it is inside. They even encourage you to share tables with strangers." "I have driven by this place on Central Avenue for years and never stopped in.  Decided today to grab a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised...the cheeseteak was quite good and   nothing was said to him.I felt like the kitchen guy was border line yelling at me as if I was going to steal all the napkins and ketchup packets from the  other paying customers... who would do such a thing??? lol. Anyways Best Philly cheesesteak in town! Went there for lunch today 3/2/13.  Business hours posted said they closed at 4PM on Saturday's.  Then why the hell were they close at 350PM ?  I will never visit this establisment again. I treat myself to this every once in a while as an indulgence.  Food is fabulous. Best Philly Cheese steak in Arizona.  Always fresh ingredients and they ship in specialty items in from Pennsylvania.  generic steak patties instead of the fresh sliced prime rib.  I didn't see any of the novelty items (ie.. TastyCakes) and I think they fired their cook as the owner was manning the grill.  Too sad!"  nothing spectacular.  While not at the top of my list I make a special trip to see these guys whenever down in PHX. Well worth the trip!" Verdict...take it to go." The steak tasted good.  Had a nice juice to it and was tender enough.  I wish they put enough of it to fill the bun.  The toppings also were a bit on the light side.  If you are going to charge 7 bucks for a cheesesteak you should be generous with the toppings." I can't decide which is better the Philly cheesesteak or the onion rings...both are delicious! If i worked in Phoenix I would eat here all the time. "I think this is the most underrated lunch spot in central Phoenix.  Authentic  Philly food.  Can get busy at noon  ""Bomb Steak."" It was filling but nothing to write home about. I would stop by again if I was in the area and wanted something quick." "I've been coming for cheese steaks for a while now and wanted to write a review after my last visit.  I think this place has the best cheese steaks in the valley.  When I get a craving for a cheese steak Definitely will be recommending this place!! Will certainly be making a return visit! A+++"  hardly any cheese on it! If in the area may have again but NO special trips there! Had a philly at Freddy's a day or so ago and it was much better!" Great food and the owner is so personable.  You don't find that often.  I'll be going back there to try more than the amazing Philly cheese steak I had today Got the gyro. It was good but very sloppy. Salad had huge pieces of lettuce. Next time I go I  not mess around and get the Philly. Bathrooms are behind building outside. I will review when I get a Philly. One of only two places in the Phoenix area that can make an excellent Philly Cheesesteak like I get in Philly. Sandwiches are a good size & the price point is reasonable I would have rather saved the $6 and gone to the sandwich shop down the street." My favorite place for cheese steak. Been coming here for years. It is truly a mom and pop place so I love giving back to local versus paying a national franchise. The food is amazing. Great cheese steaks. Only problem is that the owner cooks the food and hair from is arms always end up in my order. I've been there 3 times and it hasn't failed yet. He's an older fellow. Worth it if he's not there.  but that's exactly what makes this place special. You might be tempted to get a Philly sub  it should be called a 'Philly-Style' Cheese Steak!  I rationalize this statement under the same pretense just as I have reviewed and written about the traditional 'Cuban Sandwich'.  Despite Best of Philly's derivation Ehhhh not good and not bad. Very underwhelmed... The empty parking lot should have been a sign. Steak sandwich was bland but the bread was good. Having best of philly right next to work is not good  not as good as fore father's in Twmpe but they're still sooo good and I love seeing the owners working hard! Cheesesteaks are some of the best in town. Grew up in South Jersey & I like the white American cheese & rolls. I come here all the time. Little hole in the wall shop. Some of the best philly cheese steaks in az frendly staff and for a good price for my first time here I would definitely comeback. Stopped in for lunch while in town on business.  Great food at a great price!  Super friendly service too!  quick little take out place. Not the best but not the worst. Wish it had a little more meat in it. Prob would not go back again because there is lots of places to pick from in this area." I've had cheesesteaks from other places in Phoenix and in my opinion this is my favorite place for cheesesteaks." "Hours are the only negative part about this joint. Food is damn good and will keep you coming back for more. Get the full subs tho I got the chicken tenders and they were awful. They tasted like the chicken patties you get in a school lunch. The French fries were soggy. The Philly was average but needed more meat. I do not plan on coming back.  bread was perfect balance of soft vs sturdy enough to not fall apart. no complaints here!" 