 not Swedish. They were Umlaut-laden names so I got confused."  quiet place. It's always nice to dine-in and enjoy the quiet atmosphere and feel like you're not in the big city for a short time. It may be hard to spot the store in that little strip mall  and all agreed you can get a similar sandwich at grocery stores and preferred even the likes of Sack's to this place. There is just nothing inventive about the sandwiches or anything that stands out here other then the friendly Mom and Pop ownership and sweet vintage sign." UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew  the best service around and just being in there you can feel the love and tradition of a family owned and operated business." As I was eating I had a yen for a Celery Soda to go with this classic sandwich but I've only been able to get them at Chompie's in the valley.  There are loads of interesting European cookies to get packages of as dessert so grab a couple of friends when you go but carpool as the lot is smallish.  I guess they stopped giving pickles with sandwiches  especially because they carry Lutefisk."  you can get out of their unscathed for a mere ten bucks. it's community seating inside so be prepared to go cozy." PS in the summer time you can get a fresh squeezed 32 ounce lemonade for a dollar. It is FANTASTIC.  And the iced tea is delicious and always fresh." I'm getting hungry just thinking about the place!"  so you can start sorting things in your head.  The first time I went in I ordered whatever struck my fancy first  I have to stop in for lunch...or breakfast (tasty breakfast egg sandwiches). Cheese 'N Stuff is a real treat and never disappoints."  but the sandwiches make up for all of that."  and the atmosphere was really cool. Just wondering what the difference is between pickles and cucumbers in brine. (50 cents  a gazillion choices of sandwiches and the like (I suggest looking at their web page and narrowing down your choice before going in)  Reasonable prices Easily one of the best sandwich shops around. Family owned and operated for the last 60 years. A great selection of subs and sides and even a few imported goodies. If you like sandwiches you owe it to yourself to check it out.  they run out of Yoo-Hoo's half the time." Dam I wish I would have known this place was here sooner. Really good sandwiches. They use Boars Head meat which I am a huge fan of. They have so many different sandwiches it took me a while to figure out what I wanted. The menu is kinda all over the place. There is a menu board but its old and fadeed but they have white papers with all the sandwiches hung up all over the wall. The staff  are very friendly and I'm sure this place has many regulars. Inside its a tight squeeze with limited seating. The macaroni salad is great as is the potatoe salad. I love the sicilian sub. The italian dressing on it is so really good and I think thats why I like this sub so much. My other fav is the club on wheat. Oh yeah I think Ill go there agin today. Sanwhiches range from $5.95-6.95.  an excellent location on Central & Camelback (near Dutch Bros!) I can't wait to bring the hubby back for him to try." The lack of atmosphere doesn't bother me; my one gripe with this place is how early they close.  There have been many times I haven't gotten moving early enough and haven't been able to get there before they close NOTE: Parking is sparse. Park across the street near the Applebees." Don't think elegant dining if you plan to eat here.  The inside is just some tables with tablecloths and very limited seating (almost picnic table style)." Brie/ Boar's Head Turkey/ Lettuce/ Tomato on Sourdough Bread." I lived in the neighborhood for a good year before trying this place. Shame on me! This is mom and pop at it's finest. Great portions of high quality meat and yummy breads. Price is such a good deal for what you get and it's always super fast service. My man and I usually split one sandwich and side and are happy full when done. I love the selection of Boar's Head meats as well as I can't find them at the Fry's down the street.  is that they have more stuff than cheese. I was really hoping for more cheese. A more accurate name would be Stuff 'n Cheese. Please Definately worth a try if you like deli sandwiches on the go." "Felt like I was home in NJ/NY at a deli The food meh and made with what seemed like bagged bread. You can look at my photos to see what I got. I think they speak for themselves." Cheese and stuff might be the.cutest little sandwich place on the planet. I love the Blazin Chicken!  Sandwich's are always fresh and tasty!  everyone.  We always ordered Beer Wurst Sandwitches with their famous Cheese Spread.  Try A dough boy  when I saw this place with a big banner that read ""delicatessen"" I was immediately pissed that I didn't know it was there and bought a sandwich at AJ's  which is their ""most popular"" sandwich and I know why. It was excellent and I highly recommend the restaurant." I've been going to this place for over 25 years and it is still a WONDERFUL (family-owned) place to get a sandwich!!! UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew This is my favorite deli in the valley.  Whenever I am in central Phoenix I work my schedule around making sure that I get to eat here.  They remember my name and ask about how my family is doing even when it's been months since my last visit.  The fact that you can see pictures of generations of family working behind the counter in one place really should mean something when trying to figure out why you should eat here instead of subway or some other massive chain.  I always get the new yorker.  This is the place everyone craves in their community for lunch and it exists! I can't wait to come back and try the Turkonberry or the Wild Turkey sandwiches. Both sound amazing!" UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew  do it.  Hard to go wrong here and I've tried all of the sandwiches.  Very good value.   Call ahead or prepare for a wait.  Tight on seating.  I prefer it during off hours to avoid the masses.  Skip the national chains and try this place if you're not yet hooked." "You can drive by this place forever and not know they have the best sandwiches in Phoenix!!  All of the ingredients are super fresh.  Biting in the bread is like biting into a little heaven cloud.  So soft and delicious it's almost not fair that other places have to compete.  I'm not a big fan of deli sides (potato salad  nice bread with Boar's head Buffaloed chicken.  Yes I can't rave enough about this place! Try it "Change your name. I went to cheese 'n stuff to buy cheese and the choices were laughable. It's not even a cheese shop. If your interested in purchasing cheese go to Duck & Decanter *Quick service too.  Got in "Shame on me for not having known about this wonderful little gem.  We tried to have lunch on a Monday and the place was packed.  Too bad we were in a hurry or we would have stayed.  So on friday I stopped in later in the afternoon.  The place was quiet and the young gal behind the counter was sweet and helpful.  I ordered a sandwich and german potato salad to go and am very pleased.  The sandwich was a good size  but the price for that would have bumped well into a $$ rating."  and friendly people. I work around the corner. . I will definitely be back." Really into this spot. Reminds me of a classic NYC deli. Sandwiches are tasty and the space is cozy.  The service is really friendly.. I recommend the tall lean Texan. "I have driven by this place for close to 10 years and have never stopped in...but wanted to.  A few weeks ago I came by and ordered a turkey sandwich to go.  The staff is so friendly  I'm putting it on my regular rotation."  and miss east coast deli's "Y-U-M! I can't wait to go back to this little gem. Try the ""Tyler"" it was delicious. They have so many menu options  dining area a little tight but who cares. Portions are right on for the quality you get. This isn't a subway   but menu is hard to read. ..a bunch of pages posted on the wall.  I like that is family owned the Sicilian Sub is fantastic Subs are tasty but small and expensive! Potato salad didn't  taste yammi  for me! Place by itself tiny! Cheese n' Stuff is one of the best businesses in the Valley.  They deserve your patronage." "Not the easiest place to find and very small - best as a takeout sandwich shop - but THE best sandwiches. Reminds me of a Jewish deli in New York "Hands down best sandwich shop in Phoenix! The sweetest family owned business; been around for over 60 years Amazing sandwiches! Stan and his family rock. The menu is not traditional and that is what make this place unique and better! I always get the Tyler but I've  had every sandwich and they all are delicious. Been coming here for 12 years. The place is an old deli and the feeling is very homey!! Give them a try! It's worth it. A Phoenix original!! This place reminds me of the east coast mom and pop delis I grew up with. It has a huge selection of sandwiches and subs so there's definitely something for everybody. I'll go out of my way for a sandwich here. Definitely gonna be my regular spot for a quick delicious sandwich."  cheese and toppings combinations in the entire city of Phoenix. Over 1 million sandwiches served. Friendliest family owned staff and the patrons were just as amazing. The only place I will go for a sandwich now. Whatever sandwich you can imagine... they have it. Must visit." This place makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside- what's better than an old school family owned and operated deli that serves up high quality sandwiches at great prices. I have been coming here for years and will continue to do so for years to come! "The best deli in central phx! Stan and his daughter run the place and are making sandwiches everyday! They use boars head meat and cheese so you know it's going to be great! Try the Tyler or the doughboy I have been enjoying Cheese 'n Stuff for 45 years.  Every sandwich is just delicious.  the cole slaw is incredible.  The bread selection and rolls are fresh every time.  I very good selection of Cold drinks.  Christmas cookies are lucky if they last a week at my house. They make great sandwiches  customize.  The prices are reasonable  and staff friendly  Golden Rule and Stinkweed's parking lot) or prepare to fight for a spot in front of it."  unique grocery items and awesome people! Stan and Crystal are great and they have our order memorized. The Bizmark on Rye no cheese (stupid lactose intolerance) is amazing. Try to eat it at least once a week. my wife has been eating the #5 since she was a little girl!" Stopping in after Sweet Salvage with my husband and two friends we were both surprised and pleased with the wide selection of sandwiches and the excellent service. What a great way to cap off a day of shopping! "I lived on the East Coast (Rhode Island) for about 20 years and this place reminds me of the very best mom and pop deli's that seemed to be on every other corner. Wonderful good solid sandwiches and sides. What you see is what you get. Great quality "Forget your chains! Cheese and Stuff is the real deal! They've got the best sandwiches in town and Stan is a master craftsman! The Lebanon bologna sandwich is to die for  that's how much I love the stuff!  I stopped by Cheese 'n Stuff to find some nice wedges for a cheese plate.  The father daughter duo working the counter were seasoned pro's at working long line that forms around lunchtime.  I also ordered a sandwich for lunch and it was packed with meat and cheese I love cheese'n stuff. Any sandwich I've had here has been really good. You get treated like family here. Many sandwiches to choose from but my favorite is the dough boy. You can get a sandwich made to order as well. They also have a nice selection of meats and cheeses that can be purchased by the lb "I ordered the number 10 make it a meal that includes macaroni salad and a drink. I enjoyed my sub but the macaroni salad was a little sweet for my liking. Total can out to $9.04 which also included a glass of iced tea (that is delicious). I might be back UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew "Freshest Cold Cuts in Phoenix sandwiches and Subs made right unlike crappy chains... Friendly  I have been wanting to stop in and try it for a long time.  I could have saved the trip.  The first thing I noticed when I walked into the place was the smell.  Not sure if it was one of the food items One of the best in town.  Slower service but worth the wait.  A must for Uptown locals!"  fresh  and tasty meats and reasonable  price. Staff is friendly"  german potato salad and chips. Thats about it. One of the deli cases actually just had chips in it. The shelves had a few boxes of little cookies from other countries but was otherwise their back stock of coke and water. 3 long community tables with fold out chairs were about all that fit in this small place. Its on its 67th anniversary and totally looks like it. Staff was nice...ish. We were the only people in there and when we walked in neither the younger lady or the older man said anything til we said Hi. Then 