"This would have been 5 stars but they aren't as consistent as they once were. My order is usually always right..every time I get cheese lovers or extra cheese now a days it's never on there... There's only 1 delivery driver who will come into my apartment building and to my door. The others are for some reason scared and I have to meet them at the sidewalk outside! They tend to get very busy  they just ignroed me. About 10 minutes into my wait the cashier front store clerk came in through the back door with a handful of scratch off lottery tickets that he obviously just bought  but when my brother started eating his pizza and found a hair it made me so disgusted but I continued to eat it anyway. When I found a hair in my own separate pizza it made me absolutely sick and couldn't even finish my 2nd piece. I find it repulsive that obviously your cooks don't wear any hair nets since there were MULTIPLE HAIRS in my pizza. This was my first real meal since getting my wisdom teeth out 3 days ago so thanks for ruining that for me. Its safe to say i don't think I'll ever be ordering from this unsanitary "I waited 1 hour and 45 minutes for my pizza to be delivered. Then when I got it Years from now we are going to learn on the news that the reason why they never took orders was because they only delivered to their friends who called them on their cellphones.  When they dropped off the pizzas we are going to find out they were dropping off drugs! At least this scenario makes sense." I won't do business with this store or any of the franchisee's stores again. The franchisee apparently is Aurora Huts LLC  & saucy. The only thing that was missing was the pickles which I didn't mind because the chicken was so good. The Nashville Hot sauce is a bit smokey and gets your nose running a little bit. The heat of the spice isn't overpowering and it doesn't ruin the taste like some hot spices sauces do."  at lot of locations nearby like to tell you they're out of practically everything and you should order something else but not here." Pizza hut fucking OWNS!  a pizza of last resort." Don't bother with delivery here. Carry out is your best bet." Tuesday night- first of the month- the manager handled a customer on the phone complaint  request with one of the best attitudes that I have seen in the fast food industry in a long time - Def will be coming back This is the worst location. Orders are consistently incorrect and rarely on time.    Asked for a refund due to order not even being made after 20 min  and I quote "" the problem is our driver took the wrong pizzas""  no shit genius.  His remedy was to have the driver go back and pick them up then deliver them to me...really?"  tick...Store is less than a mile away. Made the 2nd call. This time they admit he's only left 20 minutes ago. Unapologetic and pitiful. Now it's after closing time and I can't them to answer the phone to cancel." do not order from this place! really bad service! Food is ok but Horrible delivery service. They called on the wrong number despite we have given the right one. Hence didn't deliver the food and when we called to ask if you can't we can pick up the food they said we are closed and you can't do carry out as well. Horrible horrible service. 3 stars for the time in which this was delivered. Right on time 30mins. The pizzas were just warm and overall PizzaHut pizzas lost their taste.  Very bland and unappetizing. the manager then called me back and said he believed his driver was lying and he was - as a courtesy to me - going to rewarm my two hour late pizza in the oven and send it over to me as soon as possible." Thanks for a great pizza Friday!!"  may have been more seating. Service was friendly enough This Pizza Hut is not a top choice It's an old place so it's time for renovation or replacement." Came to pick up 12 pizzas for an event. Staff welcomed me and made small talk while we waited. Pizzas were hot and fresh and the place was immaculately clean. Good specials too. The time before last it was an hour wait and the guy talked to me on the phone like I was an idiot stating that the ""confirmation email"" time was ""different"" from theirs smh."  and the pizzas are usually late and cold. You can usually count on a full hour for delivery. I prefer Pizza Hut's food to Dominos or Papa John's but those other places run circles around this one for service and time. Would love to see these folks kick it into high gear because I'd eat there a lot if they would improve their delivery time." N.C my husband &I love it here......we have met some very nice people and some good friends.The southern hospitality here is great...and  food is also!We have tried many new dishes.We now have a New Home here ." But not anymore. I'm going back to dominos well or atleast till I get to a better Pizza hut. This one takes forever no matter if it's a slow day or pack day. They can never get the order right either. Sorry three tries is good enough. Wouldn't recommend this pizza hut to anyone unless if they like to wait......" "Service was horrible!!! The waiter was rude and gave us an attitude when we kindly asked for a refill and when she came with the water Pizza came warm not even hot steam from opening the box nothing. Crust was not seasoned. Ordered before 9. Came almost close to midnight. Smh. Considering it holiday weekend was told 1 hour  for delivery. but before midnight.. #no. pick up better then delivery.  I'm going to hide my head under the table now...and enjoy my slice."  the price for a large 3 topping carryout is superb - only $8.65 compared to $12 (and change) for a xtra large ONE topping from Papa John's. I'd never thought I'd see the day where I'd say that Domino's is better than Papa John's but this pizza I had on this day was DELICIOUS - some of the best pizza I have ever "We've been ordering pizza from here for 20 years. The delivery or pick up is always on time and the pizza is very good! Thin crust is the best! Thank you  it is pretty great.  The Brooklyn style was a hand tossed much thinner and much more like a NY style pizza. Not a bready as the normal pizza so a plus in my eyes.  They also slice them in larger slices like un north so one big piece almost has you full.  The extra cheese side was better than the regular cheese and hamburger but overall it was much better than I ever remembered and I will use the online service again.  Their service really crushes everyone else and I've got to say that the quality of the food was every bit as good  just not from this Domino's now. I was greeted on the phone by Brandi AKA the person who should be giving me the first impression of this store. I am brand new to the area and never ordered from this location before. She was less than enthusiastic and even though they weren't running any specials she couldn't politely told me instead of saying ""uhhhh....normal pizza specials....."" I was assuming this meant they weren't having any specials for National Pizza Day and since I have worked in the service industry for years (restaurants "Just ordered a pizza at midnight i called it in the employee that answered said it would be an hour before i could get a pizza i could tell they didn't want to deliver so i asked for the manager. He answered and said the same excuse so i hung up and ordered online and it was here in 34 minutes. The pizza was a mess  never had any delivery issues until today.  Quality check was finished at 3:25pm and then called location at 8510 Park Rd at 3:45 pm to find out that it would be another 20-30 minutes for driver to return to their location.  If I wanted pizza that was sitting around for an hour I can just go to Little Caesars."  they still dont apply extra mushrooms. Other than that this place is awesome and i always order when i need a pizza fix." "It's pretty ridiculous when you order a pizza and it takes an hour to show up. And it is pretty rude when you call and ask about your order and the employee just responds with ""They are already on their way."" and guess what The worst Pizza Hut ever. Stayed on hold for 10 mins trying to change an order. The manager Tiffany says it's not her problem their website had issues and because I called in and my order was wrong I had to wait 2.5hours to get my pizza when at first it was just an hour. Customer service is awful I won't be eating here ever again! There are plenty of pizza places in the area. Do not go to this one."  why are you accepting delivery orders at all? So many questions left unanswered along with so many mouths unfed. This type of service is just completely unacceptable. At this point I'm not even certain that a delivery will happen at all.   Needless to say I will be making sure to inform everyone around me of the plight I've endured through Pizza Hut from here on out anytime ordering a pizza is discussed." Wrong pizza was delivered. Contacted the manager who promptly hung up on me. Continued calling until I was able to talk with him. Very rude. Needs to have training on how to deal with customers!  when the manager ( i believe his name was Chris) answered and i explained my situation and he put me on hold again. Angie then got on the phone to tell me her manager needed me to call at another time because they were too busy. This location has the worst service."  I can't wait to get to Yelp." "Pros: service has always been cool with us and they're really nice to kids. The flavored lemonades never stop flowing but it's $2 for stuffed crust Usaully good service but tonight they burnt all the pizza .....then gave a half done pizza ....then ran out of thin crust ! Too much drama in one night....left my family hungry and waiting 1.5 hours for pizza.....really they didn't even comp the meal but rather gave a discount off the next pizza.......not sure if I'll ever be back!  breadsticks and desert. Received a phone call if I still wanted my order then arrived cold without any plasticware. Terrible."  food is lousy even for a chain restaurant. Too many decent pizza places in Charlotte to settle for this place."  and not exactly what  I had ordered ! Ate it anyway - nothing else open and no transportation....Got sick as hell a few hours later in the middle of the night!  Don't patronize this place...You've been warned!"  if not more . They need new phones because the person taking the order either was deaf or seriously couldn't hear. I get there and the place is CHAOTIC. I couldn't even hear myself think. Not to mention my bread sticks were hard almost like brick and tasted like card board. Very disappointing! Lastly The pizza was good however the service was less than to be desired. I originally ordered over the phone the delivery time was 50 mins. I called right back and said ill pick it up. When I arrived the person that took my order Acoya did not change it to carry out. I ask did he correct my pricing to the $10 carryout price. Instead of fixing the price being lazy he offered me a soda that I did not want or ask for. Its called customer service ..... definition showing you value your customers. Service sucked!!!!!  We were in there for lunch and there were two other tables with folks eating. we sat there for 20min. with no interaction with the pizza hut staff.  So we got up and left.  don't think I'll be back to that pizza hut." "On two different occasions in the past three I have attempted to have a pizza delivered and have been told that ""we are not taking any more delivery orders to night. Both time I called before 10:30pm. The last time I finally got pizza delivered it took over 2.5 hours. The only explanation is piss poor management." "Service! Sucks....they where not able to deliver a pizza for 2  I think she said her name was ""nari"" pronounced Na-r-eye. She deliberately hung up on me again when I asked if they deliver to the Econo lodge."  it was almost doughy it was so undercooked! It's incredible to me that a place can have so many complaints and Pizza Hut still allows them them to operate and give their brand a horrible name! If I ever order Pizza Hut again "Every employee that works at this Pizza Hut needs to be fired. They give you long quote times to keep you from ordering (2 hours!) and then keep you waiting longer than that (I waited 4 hours!!) I never got my pizza because they lied and said they came and called me 3 times so they left. I went up to the store to get my pizza and they screamed at me saying that I was trespassing and that they would call the police!!! What?! They never made my pizza Almost 2 hours to get a pizza delivered. They couldn't find the driver. They argued and argued and refused to take responsibility for this. Horrible horrible service on the phone. Terrible customer service. "Tip:  The drive-thru is consistently faster than dine-in service.  Must be all the commuters on Independence Blvd.  I go for the best biscuits and Columbian coffee "This is just what we needed as a pick-me-up for our 4 hour drive to Myrtle Beach from Charlotte. The people were friendly   and annoying employees who are horrible at taking orders. But yesterday I stopped on the way home and was given cold  no eating utensils & no straw was given to us and these are items you shouldn't have to ask for...called the restaurant afterwards and voiced my compaint and they acted like it was no big deal they just said cone back and get your cookies ma'am no I won't fix the order right the 1st time and then you won't get bad reviews!!!"  potatoes are is terrible and biscuits decent but sooo much plastic!" The sign next to the drive thru says 3 Hot Wings cost $2.19 but they're charging $2.49!!! I asked the girl at the window about it and she was like ""yeah Terrible customer service.  Was told it would be 4 hours for a delivery.  Call Marcos pizza best customer service in town and fastest delivery anywhere "Took 3 hours for one pizza to be delivered. I have never in my life waited that long for any food to be delivered. Also It's not the mistakes that they make over and over but how rudely they address me and other customers.  There's a Domino's directly across the street that I go to  and hats off to the cook!!  The bread sticks were fresh and hot We had a decent dinner from there last night but it was greasy and we ordered a full order of regular breadsticks and got half cinnamon jr8D3lu1S0-eRpIVxkKnMA This is the worst pizza store in Charlotte. I have ordered from this location three times and they have never gotten my order correct. Ever. As the other reviewers noted the management is horrible and rude. Don't waste your money. This place is awful dont waste your money go somewhere else. delivery took almost two hours and pizza was cold. Not to mention my order was wrong. I used to work here many years ago i hate to see this franchise go down the toilet. DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE!!!!!!!! Will never order from there again and suggest you use caution as well  then an hour later they said it was going to take an additional hour.  Ruined our panthers football game!!  Never ordering from pizza hut again." "I'll keep it simple. Didn't expect much from Pizza Hut. We order from here fairly regularly since it's close to the apartment. Three of five times we have ordered recently have resulted in phone calls stating they are out of what we ordered. How exactly does a pizza joint *run out* of pizza?!?! This wasn't on a holiday or near closing..and it's happened three separate times. Don't waste your time here  I did not get a single apology or any sort of empathy.  At least I would think they would offer a simple ""I'm sorry for your wait.""  To top it all off I can't rate it at zero stars ... They delivered the pizza after 1.5 hrs... And they delivered it with wrong ingredients... "Wish I could give this negative 5 stars. Online ordered to carry out. Went to pick up and there were about 5 people in front of me waiting to pick up. Paid for my order and proceeded to wait another 20 min on top of the 15 since I had placed the order. The girl disappeared and no worker came out for about 10 min. The 'manager' finally came out after customers started requesting refunds. One by one they slowly got their orders or refunds. The manager I should have stayed home and made pizza myself. Would have been faster. Online order for pickup said the pizza would be ready at 8:06PM - it is now 8:45PM. It is total chaos and there are 10 other people standing around while the employees hide in the back so they don't have to admit to customers the pizza is late. Once I hailed them down they said 13 minutes. It has been 20. I'm not optimistic this pizza ever shows up. Bad service. Ordered online. Pizza not ready when promised. Staff has a bad attitude towards costumers. They are ALWAYS out of personal pans. Always. The last time I tried to figure out a solution for this issue they hung up on me. Lol. I was just trying to help because clearly no one else is...  tonight I waited over and hour and 15 minutes before I called them. The person that answered says my order will be delivered as soon as the driver gets back!! Why in the world wouldn't someone call me and tell me so I could make other arrangements?! I'm so tired of this pizza hut I just can't say enough bad things about it. It's a travesty that it's still in business. Tonight I cancelled my order - got dressed - went out and picked up food even though I don't feel well. This location is the worst and has been for years." Sigh... never ordering from them again." Delivery time right on schedule.  Pizza good fresh and hot.  Wrong drink but still good!  Would order again!  thankfully there are plenty of other pizza places near by." Its fast food pizza not a lot of expectations. We got our food delivered. We even got someone elses pizza. These guys has the seeds to call and leave a message to call back. If it was about the pizza you weren't getting it back. No way do you take a pizza from one house to another because you messed up. Hopefully the other guy got his free. We didn't need the extra pizza so we gave it to a homeless guy. So meh I've experienced better. Its called non chain pizza places that you pay an extra couple bucks for and get quality not tomato paste on cardboard. "Do NOT eat here!!  I agree with the first post.   I went two weeks ago and the inside of my cup had brown soot or dirt all over it.  When I called in to let them know The counter staff are unaware of costs or menu items... One employee actual knows a few things - everyone else is just there killing time... I had my reservations about stopping at this location tonight. It's been over a year since we've dined here. We quit stopping here because they never got our order right and the service was just awful!!! (Nothing different The service here wasn't bad until I pulled up in the drive thru window and they advised me after I ALREADY paid that they don't have biscuits and I said I'll wait and they then proceeded to tell me it was going to be five more additional minutes after ordering and asked me to pull my car up because they have a timer on there window...the timer is to show how efficient they are taking care of customers and asking a customer to pull up so corporate doesn't see that they are going way over there time limit is unbelievable...as well as the rude eye roll I got from the manager himself. I will not be moving my car up at all to save there butts from getting in trouble and I better not find my food messed with. No wonder we don't raise the minimum wage for fast food the service is ridiculous.  you found it. Absolutely nothing good to say about this place. Service "This KFC is a joke. They never have enough chicken for any large bucket and the staff is rude and act as if you are inconveniencing them by coming to their Resturant. This spot is so close to my home so unfortunately I have put myself through the torture of going multiple times. Today I had enough. I asked to the manager and the girl at the window sarcastically said ""that was the manager taking your order""I said ""perfect is like to speak to her."" Because that was the rude person taking my order. Andrea then came to the window and said kind of pleasantly what do you need I asked if she was the one taking my order and she said no. Then I was confused. The young ladies in the back ground by this time were laughing at me so I chose to ask for the GM information. I'll give Antonio a call tomorrow to see if he cares about how poorly his store is ran"  it was very casual and familiar.  The food was actually better that I expected.  They had a create your own burger thing which I really enjoyed. The service was good.  The waitress was friendly and took good care of us.  Overall it was good  it can be a blast.  They have enough space to accommodate large crowds and college kids aren't as picky as a thirtysomething like myself.  I know I wasn't!"  and ping pong out front when weather permits." I'd suggest heading across the parking lot to Flying Saucer." "I disagree 100% with Devin.  The saucer is much more chill and seems to be less crowded.  More of a college meat market crowd  and the bouncers are just generally bitchy. Swimming in a sea of college kids is not my favorite recreation  there is sufficient seating away from the bar for non-barflies who want to have a conversation.  I would even wager that the new non-smoking laws have made these sports bars downright pleasant!  Oh yeah  Flying Saucer is right around the corner and MUCH better. Go there instead. Seriously." RfoHE-ChOZ3kohOS7goUpw I believe this location has closed and should be removed as a listing  but up there as far as delivery goes. You can find coupons in mail or on the net."  but I think this might be the kind of place that you have to sit there and eat so it all comes out super hot and fresh." I don't even have the words!  Don't even have an app to order if you send an update that the food is out for delivery but I have to call every 20 min wondering where it is Slow service...took almost two hours to deliver on two separate occasions. The food was cold both times. On the second occasion a BBQ cup had popped all over the food containers My daughter ordered garlic parmesan boneless wings and received original tame. As this was a to go order she didn't go back to get this rectified.  Way too much money for the wrong stuff! Ordered delivery food took two hours and was cold. Wing sauce was spilled all over bag. Worst place to order for delivery takes an average of 45mins to an hour & never have gotten my order correct stay away from this place I would have appreciated it they had stickers notes on the box for different flavors. We ordered 3 different sauces but did not know which one was what. It's really necessary since most of their orders are take aways." This place had a menu in the hotel where I was staying.  The hotel is next to the restaurant.  The menu heavily focused on delivery to the hotel and the ability to charge it to your room account.  I called and they seemed not to know anything about it.  Spoke with four people and ended up with a manger.  He told me cash only or 20% surcharge for delivery.  This additional charge should have been mentioned on the menu.  Clearly a scam by the restaurant.  I spoke with the hotel and they were not aware of a surcharge.  I'm giving this place a single star for unethical business practices.  They deserve zero stars.  I spent more than $20 for food I mostly tossed because of poor quality.  Next time I'll just get in the car and head out" "Stay away!!! We placed an order for delivery and was told it would be a 45 minute wait time... An hour and a half later our food arrived and everything was cold!! We had asked for bleu cheese there was none We called back when we got home and the manager did give us half off for the next time."  and the second time they said that the driver was out and there was nothing they could do. Food came two hours after we ordered it and was cold. They could have at least offered something for the inconvenience."  start answering your calls instead of asking people to hold every 8 mins for 30 mins." UvuUOiP0oIgJ2H_8J6h6Zg  the wings were good. as little on the pricey side Our last order we used the ever-helpful Pizza Hut app and used one of the deals to try to get the best price for our two pizzas & two sodas. Luckily for us It's a Pizza Hut. Small. Very old and very run down. Take out only. Staff friendly and all but the place looks dirty.  interrupting me constantly while insinuating I was to dumb to know what a cheese pizza should look like. Also indirectly accused me of trying to scam her for a free pizza and told me if I didn't like it to bring the one I had back to the store and that I could have another. I will never order from here again." "Just what you expect from Pizza Hut - no suck. Same pizza you had before. Makin' it great. Embrace the noid. Tell papa John to suck shit through fresh ingredients. It's like McDonalds Super Bowl + snow storm I thought I would have to wait forever for delivery. The website said 70 minutes. I received my order in 30. I love the new choices for crusts! I got the hand tossed crushed red pepper crust and pepperoni and jalapeos for toppings. Yumm!   so I get take out and literally walk down to pick it up.  I order from there multiple times per month cuz my kids love it. This location has always delivered good pizza "Seriously the worst pizza hut I've ever ordered from. Granted we rarely order pizza so I've had limited experience with them but the past couple of times have been so bad. They take FOREVER to deliver. It shouldn't take more than an hour to make and deliver a pizza. The last time we ordered they actually called us to say that something happened with their computers and our pizza was never started then when the pizza came (way over an hour after we initially ordered) it wasn't even fully cooked Can't beat the 2 medium sized 2-topping pizzas for $5.99 though." Next time I'll remember they are there and use the internet or phone app to place my order so it's ready when I get there." Thanks guys for making my night with your cheerful greetings and friendly patter. ""I""ll be back"" because you just terminated my hunger! ( OK  but my husband and I were intrigued by their ""we've slowed things down"" ad campaign. We were so happy with the experience! Dominoes did a really nice job revamping their pizza. The crust has a lovely garlic flavor and the price for carryout is amazing!" The lava cakes were barely cooked and therefore inedible. The pizza was not bad. Fast delivery.  and a new gyro place.  Teeny tiny parking lot.  That is all." Wow.  What a bunch of stoners.  and when I got there 15 minutes (or so) later they were ready to go but still warm once I got them home and started devouring."  and hands it to you with a look on their face that plainly says  there is better. But if you're looking for cheap I don't mind having someone answer and then immediately put me on hold. It's a lot better than the nothing that I got. Thumbs DOWN." p.s.  They deliver.  Remember to tip your driver!"  and Nuggets for the kids. All good! How can you not want to eat at a place with a signed John Jurkovich poster!"  to the point I hung up on him. This person may be better suited to a non-customer service role. I do like the pizza though." I can't say anything bad about this place!"  and was delicious. Our picky two year old gobbled up the French fries and chicken strips. I think we will definitely go back - it's always nice finding a place where we can bring the toddler without hassle (and have him eat!)."  they had no mac and cheese made.  they did let us get some extra chicken because we wanted three sides of mac and cheese.  The people who woked here tried very hard but just didnt seem to know what was going on.  We went in for two 10 peice buckets and it took us more then a half hour to get what we needed..  this is the second time we had been there and the service was terrible both times."  I was very disappointed with the cleanliness and customer service." "This location does not have good service. Went through drive-through and they forgot our drinks and our sides. While they were preparing what they forgot  yet stupid decision to dine here again. The results of my second experience can only be described as gastric distress probably due to the unsanitary conditions another reviewer mentioned. So "The crash from that ""extra tasty crispy"" high is pretty harsh." It's your standard fat food fare. Nothing great about it besides something quick to satisfy the hunger. Free chicken today courtesy of Oprah. "One of the worst KFC's I have ever eaten at! The chicken legs were the size of a pigeon. Everything was dry. And almost tasteless.  The potatoes were watery Avoid KFC at all costs! The food quality is continuously horrible. My food had mold on it. When I called and asked to speak to a manager no one spoke English. Never again.  but my family likes to sometimes. The few times we've driven over and gone through the drive through to bring chicken home the wait is so long. It's always dead  and tasty. I think there's only been one time that I was disappointed with the consistency of the dough "Craving a thin crust Pizza Hut pizza last night I called this place at 8PM for a delivery..They were out of pizza  it's not even funny.  I remember when I was a kid in the early 80's  there is pretty much no reason to eat at pizza hut  average per usual. And why three stars?  The staff is always friendly and I appreciate it."  overcharged for same thing and didn't even get the waffle fries.  This fourth time is the last time.  The person I spoke to had no clue what I was talking about and had to ask every time I asked her a question  and was told they would remake them and send them out again but it would be another hour...so I have to wait two and a half hours or more to eat dinner.  After we received the remade ones Pizza Hut? You're fine if I'm broke or drunk. You're Kegger Greg. You're a fine once in a while situation that I would never dream of associating myself with in public. You're kind of a disaster sometimes It's Pizza Hut. So I give it a 4 for consistency and options (we like the crust option)s. We eat pizza once a week and Pizza hut is one place that everyone will eat. This KFC never has the chicken you want ready.  The staff and customers are awful.  The dining room is often hazy with smoke flowing out of the kitchen.  I go here only because it's close to work and sometimes I really want a side or sandwich which they usually have.  but half the menu will take ""another 16 minutes"" according to the drive up attendant. Dont ever stop here!!!!!You will regret it!!!!Check your order before you pull away at least!!!" This place has NEVER gotten our order right.  Not once.  Lame. I would not recommend this location based on service and good quality."  and when I complained to them about it on a later visit they didn't even offer to correct it. Some of the staff barely knows English past the menu items and prices. When I went to the drive-thru today (5-3-15) they said that they were unable to give me a receipt cCStad4wX3ADPbz5AHCn9g Then an elderly man came in and he walked with a cane. This employee took his order and pretty much verified everything to his exact specifications (this piece? this piece?). Then she got up from behind the counter and helped him get his sodas in order (brought the straws and tops to him) and THEN carried them to his car!! The whole time she never seemed rushed or discouraged even though she probably had 100 other things to do. I have never been so impressed with customer service in the fast food industry and this woman deserves all the credit. She went above and beyond what her job description (and most likely pay grade) entails and that is 5 stars in my book." 3qFI4GeLEDUtWNRpLBY68Q   they are very slow. I have waited for more than an hour for my order to arrive...when I call the store the only reason they have is that they have run in to complications and is out for delivery now ..not sure why it takes 80 min to deliver in a 2 mile radius....bad service...stay away if want your food delivered on time...."  at least for me. They usually deliver the pizza very quickly during the week days  and an easy to use online ordering system."  and the manager did offer to make another pizza and apologized for my dissatisfaction. Obviously  but its better reheated if you let it go cold.  Hooters sauces are notoriously non-spicey (and I'm a big wuss when it comes to spice).  ""Hot"" is about medium  decidedly not great for everyone else." I don't recommend anyone go to the Champaign Hooters. Instead  they are pretty expensive."  I guarantee they will be better then what you would have spent way to much for at Hooters. I rated the noise level as quiet because my wife and I didn't make much noise. I gave it 4 [ $]  just because it so overpriced." The combination of both beer and wings from hooters makes me sick in the morning I continue to eat there for years. As always the servers fake like they care but that don't bother me as long as a get good service and I do. Plus they are easy on the eyes. I love hooters!  This however was the worst food I have ever had at any location.  The chicken was so dry and cheese sauce was hard and tasted disgusting.  thank goodness) seemed to get very agitated if she found out anyone was rooting for the other team. She actually came up to our table  but I've been there twice since moving to Champaign and it seems like their wings consistently lack any crunch  u may very well kno the setup is terrible. Even jus finding this place (located behind Hardee's)is difficult. It's as if Hooters took over a previous establishment not big in business. The bar only seats 10 with a large square room. There r only 2 Hooters signs on the building itself. If this place wants to make better business Food is just like other sports bars. Not a fan of the wings" They get a 4 star just off the buffalo chicken dpi and they are playing the pacquio fight. I'm a woman so I can't go higher than a 4.... Even if the food is bomb... A little difficult to find compared to others. Set up is a little awkward. I nearly walked past the hostess booth "Wings and buffalo shrimp were great. Fried pickles were cooked just right. Service was above average but it was a very slow night. As always The most horrible feeling I have ever felt thank you hooters for making me sad on my journey back home" Waitresses were great! Better wings than I've had at other hooters. Waitress came around offering a free margarita to critique the bartender. Best hooters ever!  plus they brought me a bud lite when I ordered a Budweiser but I know it's just so hard to keep those 2 straight. Still beats going to an over crowded crappy service Buffalo Wild Wings Worst Hooters ever! Walked out after sitting for 10 minutes - no service. Waitress standing around. Empty tables all around. Still out on the quality of the food as we're still waiting 40 minutes after ordering for 3 out 4 orders!  it really was as bad as the other reviews. Zero on Hooters philosophy on customer service. I do come here to check a little leg too  curly fries came out of the fridge. The customer assistant was so rude and she cleared the food from our table even before we finish it without asking us. When i asked why are you doing this and she replied that she has to go home. This happened at 8:30pm. We were really shocked by looking at the whole experience. We will not return to this place and never recommend to our friends. Grr." My husband and I frequent Hooters for lunch dates as often as we can.  I love the wings and he loves the grilled cheese!  We always have a blast when we visit!!  All of the waitresses we have had have been wonderful.  Our waitress last time was especially wonderful!!  Britt is a  mom and full time student as well as a hard working waitress!  She smiled and engaged us all the way through our meal.  We really appreciated her.  Five stars all of the way for Hooters Champaign.  Thank you!!  and getting the food order correctly done and fast."  the only good thing about it its the location which is closer to where i live" "If I had to imagine the most depressing place it is here.  For one thing if you eat here you might just have been at the hospital next door.  If not you might go there for some pain meds after you experience this place. If the chickens used for this food had enough room they would be spinning in their cages at the thought of ending up in such a drab Check out the different meal deals available"  2 very small slices of tomato and a little pepper sauce - I can do this (and much better) at home!!!" I just sat for nearly 15 minutes at the drive through & started with 3 cars in front of me  who had already ordered! I finally left when the car in front of me made it to the drive up window and sat for another 4 minutes before they took their money. Ridiculous they are that slow.  I ended up going to Arby's & got served right away. I'll never go back to this KFC!  but this has deterred me from A&Ws in general. Terrible."  which I would assume would be a busy time. And even though my coworker and I were the only people in line "Wow such negative reviews! I had a good experience here on both drive thru and walk in. Several employees on staff  it was cold and our order was all fuckered up. There was only one table inside and we were the only car in the drive-thru. That was it. Certainly not convenient  but otherwise it was fast service and my order was correct. The biscuit and two piece combo was delicious." This place is really bad! Do yourself a favor and eat somewhere else. Seriously!!" "Not the same Domino's pizza I ate too much of in College. Vastly different and a major improvement! Ordering on-line couldn't be easier  SO much better than their old stuff. Crust is like having an order of buttery-garlic soft bread sticks with your pizza. Delivery is super-fast  I do know that I was insanely impressed with D'moes... from the left overs I ate the next when I could remember. It was pretty darn good. Between the awesome'ness that is called ""their customer service"" and the legit taste it left in my mouth but the pizza ain't too shabby."   and their medium 2 topping is a rip off.  Low rating is for price vs.  Quality  but instead they simly cancelled my order--and didn't let me know until it was supposed to be at my door  old grease. Ended up throwing half the pizza out because it just tasted so bad. Cheese only was edible  bacon and ranch sub. The delivery was really fast for once but the best part was that the food was super hot. It he food was so hot that u couldn't even touch it. Never have I ever gotten delivery that was super hot.  It was SO good ;-) extremely satisfied with the service and food. Thank you." Worst customer service ever! The manager Jason is very rude and doesn't take ownership for HIS mistakes. Screwed up our orders 2/3 times we've ordered there. Won't be giving them business again!  but they have forgotten about $10 worth of sauces now so that's pretty annoying." Love the online ordering ....... order was accurate........ driver was awesome... very smooth and fast...... We will likely opt for the other locations from now on."  you must place it as part of your order. Pizza was hot and great..." Keep up the good work"  they never bothered to knock on my door. They never even attempted to come into the complex through the appropriate front entrance and returned the food right away leaving us at home hungry. Worst service ever. Hope they enjoy the pizza and chicken they made and never delivered. What a way to make it right I literally was so blown away with how short and rude he was I canceled my order. No thanks!" "WORST manager experience ever! We called in a cheese pizza. Literally. Just cheese. The manager was taking the phone calls and hung up on us multiple times! Wouldn't give us our total for delivery. Wouldn't you think it would be beneficial to know your total you're supposed to be paying?! Unreal. Called back multiple times and he actually yelled at us ""for being annoying"" LOL. Spoke to our awesome delivery driver who said everyone complains about this manager! Denny  we realized that instead of making a fresh pizza the cook decided to throw cold green peppers (which they had forgotten) and served as such. Needless to say our dinner was ruined. I have never experienced such a lack of concern for providing customer good service. Tonight this store failed to prove that Domino's is a company of exceptional people and definitely NOT the best pizza delivery company in the world. The disregard shown today is a health code violation in the making."  picked up a pizza with my boyfriend that we ordered ahead of time. Wiley rung us up with a coupon we didn't have or know about or even ask for. Just an all around good guy! And the pizza was yummy!!" "I order from this Domino's location at least two times a month since it is close to where I live. I use the online ordering system qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg  like the old-school ""Bad word"" jars when you cussed.  The waitresses should be able to just walk over and hold out the ""Bad comment"" jar and make them pay up.  Guaranteed ""he got caught"" standing ovation from everyone in surrounding tables.  It's a thought..." "Its been years since i came to this hooters.  i used to go here every time i visited my sister in AZ or my friend a ASU.  South Park Wednesdays were the best. 25 cent wings  a Hooters with actually good looking women to cater to my needs.  Great place to catch play off basketball.  The wings were plentiful and the beers kept flowing.  My waitress flaked on me because a group at another table kept drawing her attention while i waited anxiously for my food as it sat at the window for quite a bit.  Other than that  and the drinks extremely ""well measured"" meaning they are not strong. Hence why I can drink 12 margaritas in a 6 hour period and still be coherent. They sure charge for them like they are doubles though. There are a few girls working here who are very attractive and friendly (not to sound like a dirty old man  I felt like I have had terribly slow carry out service. Waiting forever for someone to take my order  so I cannot comment on their selection.  I can say that I frequent this Hooters a few times a week.  It is a great place to unwind and the location is amazing.  This is the perfect time of year to sit on the patio!"  I will say this - DO NOT bring your kids here.  Nothing says classy good parenting like hooters - there is a reason there isnt a kids menu." I agree with Kimberly. Hooters is hooters. However I disagree with her rating! LOVE THIS PLACE!" Your tater tots were good and my blue moon was reasonably priced. At least you have that going for you." It was odd for me to see a kid's birthday party in the restaurant on Sunday This is my last Hooters review. The only reason I'm writing about this one too is the service or shall I say the friendlyness here was left outside the door. With 5 other guys after a Cubs vs. Diamondbacks game and we were respectful but just didn't understand the cold shoulders form these girls. It was awhile ago and I'm sure it's not the same wait staff. I'll give this one another try if I go back and see another Cubs & Diamondbacks game. "Stay away from this hooters. Bad food KuSP1Mb3xq2Qbmk1n_-ZjA The service here blows. That is all!  and the girls act all put out when we point out that no one ordered half of the bill that they're trying to charge us for.  Keep an eye out on that receipt." Regardless - parking issues aside - a really fun time with a good group of friends.  A good spot to hit before a movie or another bar!"  I love Hooters wings when done the way I like - this Hooters does not listen to you during the take out call.  Asked for extra crispy wings; got extra soggy!  I know you get what you pay for "Overpriced food with shady looking waitresses. This antiquated concept chain needs to go away. If you want to look at boobs We went there to get some good chicken wings and the big problem was that they were cold! I have had better chicken wings in other Hooters.  the beer is over-priced and now most of the girls are not even hot anymore.  Additionally it didn't help that our server was new and didn't smile or look happy to be there at all.  We pretty much had to beg her to smile at least a little.  Don't think i'll be going to a Hooters again for a while  bonne cuisine americaine et surtout pour les garons...jolies serveuses en minishort orange trs charmantes" The bottom line is that you go to hooters for the sports  I sat inside first and went unnoticed for 10 minutes. Then a fight broke out so I moved to the outside bar where there was no bartender. Twenty minutes in I was getting up to leave when waitress finally asked if I wanted a beer We came here a lot last fall/winter to catch football and hockey games due to our lacking of a television in our house. Basically any sporting event you can imagine will be playing on one of their many flat screens!"  service is always efficient and available.  I always have the buffalo chicken sandwich which never fails to satisfy my bar food craving." qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg  but this hooters definitely makes it worth the trip."  service stops once you get your food." Decent wait staff and the food is okay. Not the best Hooters but definitely not the worst.  had to ask. Food was mediocre and so was the lemonade. Stick to the wings and beer and you'll be fine. Service was very slow on our second trip but they were busy. She made up for it later. Would I go back? Yeah. But just because it's Hooters." "Waitstaff suck... Unless you have testicles. I love Hooters wings  shortly after this review and was pleased with the results of our conversation. Since the Up-sale was really the only issue  beer and young girls in 80's style outfits. Is what it is."  you'll get the same food and beer at every location. They have a great happy hour and not so great food. Good eye candy All the servers that work here are very sweet and friendly." qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg  and you get a girl that is tan "Me and some friends wanted to get some lunch and decided to head over at this location. This was my first time there. We walked in and nobody greeted us at the entrance and we decided to walk over to one of the open tables. We sat down and waited for about 20 minutes for a server to come by and finally stopped one of the servers. I noticed that there were one bartender and two servers. The server told us that someone will be with us shortly. We were ok with that but it was not busy at all. then after another 15 minutes or so  just super attentive and on point. the only slightly-annoying-but-not-a-huge deal issue was that I had  my table and was there for over an hour watching the fights. Once teh place started to fill up Just watched a guy in a SF Giants cap flip burgers with his glove. Gross.  i was brought over 4 sliders that were the size of meatballs. they were all medium well to well done and they were served dry. yes "I don't know what happen to Hooters? My roommate in college use to work for one in Houston so I have frequent Hooters a time or hundred in my life. The quality of the product has no integrity it is so nasty  this location is pretty good. I hope I didn't jinx myself with this review :)"  they wouldn't have gotten any. The beer was good and cold...like it was posed to be. The place was LOUD too...which actually worked in my favor and helped to distract my kid. Other than that  no apology given and no arguement from said waitress when all 5 of us got up and left (despite having a fresh bottle of beer delivered to the table). Ding! Ding! Ding! Probably means that this is not a singular occurrence... Do not go! :(  #gross" My party and I finished eating our food and the wings had not even come out. I had to ask for them twice and the last time I asked for them to go. I didn't even get to eat them at the restaurant. Worst of all no one apologized for the delay or for anything. Possibly the worse service ever. I will never ever go to a Hooters again. I can find better wings and service else where. So if you want to eat good wings and bad service then go for it. Should of been a zero star rating." I cum to this Hooters whenever I'm in Phoenix.  Close to hotels and Starbucks. Last time I went I had a sliver in my index finger from climbing a palm tree and falling. Our server didn't have tweezers but summoned her inner MacGyver and took it out for me using a staple. That itself is worth 3  stars. Food is what you  expect from this chain. Go for the wings and to watch some games. Worry less about the service and you'll be fine." Never going to any Hooters again. 1) Flat Ass everywhere. Eat some of the wings and do some squats. 2) They increased the price of the endless wings for the new year yet the wings got smaller. The manager said that it is because they are being charged more. They might want to think about changing suppliers then. 3) To charge for every ranch dressing is asinine. We asked for one ranch each and she brought us a ranch every time we got our next plate of six tiny wings. Never did our server Ashlea tell us we were going to have to pay for each ranch that we did not even ask for. At least the beer was good and at a decent price. I think we will stick to Zipps! I will never go back here.    Didn't like the service or lack there of or the food." I'm not sure I'll come back often as it's really not my scene but I was honestly surprised it was as good as it was."  while another waitress sat with a couple of guys. We waited for about 20 minutes and still not one of the waitresses offered us water or any kind of service. I raised my hand hoping to get one of the girls attention and still nothing. We waited a couple more minutes before we decided to go to Tilted Kilt a few blocks away at City Scape. This is not the first bad experience I've had with Hooters but that just solidifies my decision on not visiting Hooters again." "Go in for happy hour fairly often. Love the half priced wings. The service at this location downright sucks The only disappointing factor was the fries. They were really stale - just not crispy or tasty."  then another 15 minutes for our beers. Waited another 30 minutes for our wings on wing Wednesday and my friend didn't get his crab legs for 1 hour and 10 minutes after we ordered. Over all it ended up being a 2 and a half dinner after a 12 hour day of work we were not expecting. The 4 of us had our own tabs and the waitress screwed up every check. We felt hostage Venue was very clean and orderly  the service is poor and the food is worse. They treat u very poorly and when u ask management if they can resolve an issue they belittle u and tell u to leave. Never will I go to hooters again  but this was the 1st. 1st and only time I've ever let a hooters place hungry. I've enclosed pictures. These were by far the smallest portions I've ever received in years. I'm dead serious 10 boneless wings (2 sauces) and 10 shrimp (Cajun) and these pictures are all I got. It feels like they cut the wings in half and then served them to me. These were appetizer portions for a full meal price? I'm extremely disappointed. So much so I asked the manager about it. All I'm getting is a shrug and a ""blame our distributor"" reason for why the portions are so small. I'm seriously feeling like I've been cheated. For the record he offered me another order but I felt so ripped off I didn't take him up on it. I wish I had. This was really disappointing. My server was great There's nothing wrong with the place A few of us local regular co-workers tried to eat at Hooters for lunch.  We were told NO separate checks due to a convention.  We said we would leave if they couldn't separate the checks and asked our server to verify with manager.   Management would rather lose a sale then separate the checks and did not care that we left!     BAD MANAGEMENT!!! "No one at front desk to sit us. A waitress finally passes by and just tells us to sit any where. We pick a table in patio... no mens yet. We wait and wait. Finally try to get a waitress. Waitress comes over and says we can't sit in this area because it's closed off. We saw the sign but our table was not in that section Ill give it three stars because the food was delicious! but the service is kind of slow and the girls aint as nice as other hooters. with nice i mean gentle and customer serviceable. they seem like they are fatigued or tired or even lazy.  plus not all of them our hooters material if u know what i mean. at the end i wanted to buy some hooters gear and they didnt even knew prices. i also found a hot chick. the only one and took a picture. thats the reason ill give them 3 stars. I'm 67 years old and they wouldn't serve my wife or i because we didn't have our id's with us. They have crappy wings anyway. If I could give it a negative 5 I would. My fiance and I went there for dinner last night and both of us ended up with food poisoning... I started throwing up at 3am and my fiance stayed home from work today because he can't leave the toilet. I don't not recommend coming here......  Not only that the manager was freaking out on an employee right in front of us.... Not good for business... Eh ask for we'll done burger but wasn't well done service good I supposed but not a place I would go to again anytime soon Nothing was special. Would have been 3 stars if not for our hostess experience." I'd probably go back again if I was stuck nearby and this was my only wing option Got a ceasar salad and some sliders to go.  Very average.  Not terrible.  Not great.  Slightly overpriced.  I usually like the wings at Hooters.  Maybe I should have stuck with that choice." "I can't believe I actually went to a Hooters for the first time in 20 years! I had the new grilled fish tacos and a large Dale's Pale Ale. The fish tacos were EXCELLENT!! I could not believe it!  Last time I was there they had wings Walked in to have some quick appetizers before a movie. We were sat immediately which was nice being it is mother's day. We sat down no waitress came to ask for our drinks or introduce herself. We waited for about 30 minutes before I had to get up and ask another waitress to bring our waitress whom I didn't  know who it was.. still after no waitress after 20 minutes and the place was not even busy. We just got up and left. Horrible customer service!!!!  she said that we didn't tip her enough on our last visit... But she must have confused us for someone else. Haven't been back since  it was a much needed cosmetic update to a great part of downtown. It's a hooters so the waitresses are friendly  it is very unlikely that I will return anytime soon. The negative reviews didn't lie."  beer. and/or wings served by hotties in bikinis while watching a game on the multiple TVs.  I know that Hooters is supposed be famous for its wings as well as its female servers with big boobs  that was last night and this afternoon I am still feeling sick from their food. I'm in the military here for an event and truly upset that I will be feeling this bad over the course of my work day and even more so knowing that my fellow service members will be settling for the mediocrity of this restaurant simply because of our hotel location and lack of transportation." Horrible service the waiters are ass they see you and don't even get your drink or order ! "Used my birthday email coupon for a free order of boneless wings on 10-30-15 friday around 10pm.  Was greeted at the door.  I sat at the bar.  Bartender was nice and friendly.   Service was fast and efficient.  No reverse happy hour so I only ordered 1 draft.  My wings were very good and I had the Daytona sauce.  No ranch cuz they charge but that's always been like that at any Hooters.  I watched the Suns game.  I took some fried pickles to go for my wife.  Both bartender and hostess said goodbye.  Ambiance was great.  Wasn't crowded.  I parked at a meter next to Hooters.  If u can wait till 10pm All I have to say was food was very crappy! I got my son the kids meal chicken strips with fries and let's just say I was scared to feed my son!! Chicken was skinny and gross looked like it was put into a microwave and was just re-heated! Wings are super hard and have NO MEAT. I have been to this location many times over the years. I was walking by the restaurant and I asked the hostess if it would be okay if I used the restroom. She said she couldn't let me in and she wouldn't even ask the manager if it was okay. I will never go there again Great service and the fish and chips were great. Our server was on top of it and very attentive! Will come back for sure Julia was great !!  let's just say it is typical bar food. I ordered the Grilled Fish Tacos and of course they were bland. But honestly  worse food. I would not recommend this place. Do not get fish and chips I went to Hooters after a meeting with some friends. This was my first time and my last time. I got the spring garden salad  with chicken. The chicken was awful on the salad. Something in the salad was offputting. A friend suggested I try a wing. The parmesean chicken wings were not fried hard as requested. I put my salad in the trash. I always heard the food was good so my surprise when it didn't pass muster.  next to the amc n some shopping. Small venue n staff is kinda lacking speedy service. Just ok from my opinion."  ""I'm sorry my manager said he can't right now. He's too busy?"" Like what? Then I heard the hostess tell someone a 15-20 minute wait and the restaurant wasn't even full. There are so many empty tables. The staff is really overwhelmed for no reason. The wings are really small. I asked my server if Parmesan garlic wings were wet and she didn't know... Plus the food took forever! My game is over." Was there for the super bowl and the server was amazing but was never told I had to pay for my sauce ranch blue cheese. I had asked to talk to the manager about the bill and he walked up saying your going to pay for the sauce or I'll call the cops first thing out of his mouth. Then I went to leave and he came outside talking crazy and said Broncos suck and was getting all I rate. Finally the black manage had to tell the white manager to go back inside the one that I had the issue with. None the less he is a very unprofessional manager and should not work In a restaurant I will never go back . He is rude and the black guy is nice the white guy just trash you should be ashamed to have him as your management team. FIRST WORD IM GOING TO CALL THE COPS FOR NOT WANTING TO PAY FOR SAUCE. White boy white short hair and a little beard going on skinny and to chase me out of the bar wow how sad. Figure it out or I will call all my friends and tell them what happen want a call back.  not really my problem. Poor management is Hooters problem and they need to fix it. Worst hooters I have ever been to and not consistent with the brand." First time I have ever been to a Hooters. Not what I expected. Nice ambience for this type of place. Great looking and friendly girls if that's what you're into. Great service and very attentive. Pleasantly surprised. The food actually tasted delicious!  she would display the deer in the head lights look and say ""I don't know.""  We went there for happy hour on this Friday late afternoon in February..The restaurant was not busy. Service was very slow Haven't been to a hooters in a while because I had a bad experience with a manager in Burbank which I was a local customer for 10 years and I didn't feel he treated his employees correctly and I won't go back till he's gone. But I will tell you he could use a lesson from the hooters in Phoenix. The manager nick was very caring and so was Jen. The food came out fast and everybody was awesome to us. Thank you Will never go back to this Hooters."  we sat at the bar and the service was bad. I sat with my husband and had a difficult time getting the attention of our waitress who seemed more interested in the male dinners. Will not return anytime soon  an hour before closing time and the manager refused to sit anyone.  It was not even half full when we showed up and even with all the people we saw turned away "Came here with my sister last night before a screening of a movie to get some drinks. It was pretty slammed because NBA finals were on but we found 2 seats at the bar no problem. I got my ole faithful COORS LIGHT!!! She got Patron Margarita! The bartenders were slammed but were great at checking up on us and making sure we were ok. On our refills another bartender made my sisters drink and when my sister tasted it right away she knew it was not patron. The Original bartender quickly fixed the problem and made her a fresh one. It was great customer service  see you guys on July 9th.  Save me two seats!!  :-)" Hooters all around downtown phoenix are horrible and on 75th Ave! Bad service needs to have  restructuring with staff to improve customer service.  but the salad looked sad and brown. I'll still come back since this is the only wing place close to the office." I would give a zero if I had to leave the house for this kind of service "I like pizza. I don't eat it often though. I like to get away from the chain food producers in many cases and find independent local businesses for pizza generally no matter where ever I live. However no one does a Pan Pizza like Pizza Hut! So I often crave the Pan Pizza crust Supreme Pizza and when I go for one or have one delivered will give you the shits.  other times cut disturbingly wrong ( sad when half of it is for a vegetarian ). Forget ordering chicken wings! It's like pulling teeth!!!! How hard is it to get "" medium bone out ""? 4 out of 5 times it's anything but! Last night was the straw that broke camels back when we found out that this time they gave us honey BBQ. After calling the manager to let her know of the mistake  they must all be horrible.  I hope someone reads this review and pays a few dollars more  now there never has to be a question  as to whether we should try it out or not."  and helpful in their explanations. Disclaimer: I have tried about four variations of three basic pizzas. I have enjoyed them all. I cannot speak for other items offered by Pizza Hut Don't order your pizza from this joint!! Manager is totally incompetent and has no idea how to use a computer!! Ordering online was easy and service was fast and friendly when I arrived for pickup.  Everything I expect from Domino's.  Thanks pizza heroes! "Ordered another great deal from this location while studying for summer school exams last week.  Again another treat!  The staff is always very friendly here This was completely uncalled for.  A company should not have employees that scream at customers. I will never go back to this location." Thanks for the awesome This was actually some delicious pizza tonight.  quick too.  crust was awesome.  not the normal carboard.  it had parm and spices on the crust as well.  great job. Worst.  Right now my pizza is 30 minutes late.  I'm cooking and will refuse it when it gets here. Don't forget to tip your driver!" I was threatened by the delivery driver after he messed up my delivery address. this is after I talked to him. I got no where which the corporate office also.  I ""tracked"" my order as the ""tracker"" stated that my pizza had been delivered. I called the store and was told that the driver couldn't find my house. She supposedly even called. No pizza. No phone call. Not even an apology or an attempt to make things right."  but ever delivered.... At all. Josh the counter guy rudest person I've ever talked to. Not my fault you work the night shift at dominos. POS." I would give them no stars at all if I could. They thought just because we were another food company they could take pictures of us purchasing their pizza when they showed up to deliver it. They even brought another employee to hold the camera. This is unacceptable! We are consumers as individuals. We are not the companies we work for. Therefore discriminating against me because I work for a rival food company is completely ridiculous. My only recommendation is to never order the baked dessert thingies; they always taste like garlic because they're made in the same oven." Not a fan of this new box."  the crust was missing its seasoning completely and the cheese was half missing - what?  2. the order arrives well over 30 minutes late and wasn't piping hot like you expect.  When i called to check on my tardy order As long as they keep up the good work. I will continue to order pizza from here."  or something else. I finally got fed up with it and called the manager who simply said ""It seems as though you are already upset. I don't know what I can do"". Well for starters you can tell corporate that the lines they teach you to say are to be used when appropriate...its inst the first thing you say. I probably wont order again. Its one thing to pay extra for marinara sauce with an order of bread or Parmesan bites but when it doesn't get delivered on a consistent basis Once again my local dominos lets me down. I call the store after according to the website my order left the store over an hour ago and the manager literally laughed when i asked for a refund. Keep my $29 Dominos bc you will never get another dime from me or anyone I know. There is something wrong with this Dominos location. Sometimes they don't answer the phone at all that even the other dominoes close by told me that they hear that from customers a lot. I ordered their gluten free pizza and the guy on the phone just said thank you and was about to hang up. I asked him if he knew where he was going to send it and he then confirmed the address but did not tell me my order back to me. It wasn't gluten free when it was delivered and when I called they would not answer the phone. This place is awful. Pizza was 20 minutes late and cold.  The Coca-Cola was the warmest thing in the order. Bye Domino's it was fun." But if you want the convenience there ya go." I made some soup I tried calling these people at dominos she doesn't even know how to answer a phone nor to take an order nor to know her menu I refused to order from this place disgusting I just made soup rrPRCU1m22v02k60YvJNrg Oh wow I was so pleased with my online order. It arrived in about 20 min . I ordered off the 5.99 menu and got a pizza and cheesy bread mmmmh I highly recommend this dominos! "Ordered 2 pizzas here for carryout and they were made correct and were tasty that is the only reason they are getting 2 stars. The customer service is severely low class. Asked for parmesan cheese and they wanted to charge me for it haha and asked for plates and they were ""out"". They gave me 4 napkins though for 2 large pizzas  so bring some cash if you do not want to be charged a $2 fee from the ATM offered inside."  but it is my kind of dive.  You have to get the Wineburger.  You won't be sorry!  One of the best burgers I've had." I'll be getting my hepititis c test next week. (joking.... kinda)"  just a side note.  Please eat your food before coming on to Yelp and reading reviews about the food you are eating.  Some of these reviews almost made me vomit... almost." Until next time. . keep the groove and be cool.  ." I would not ever recommend Harvey's if you are on a time constraint.  This a place outside of time for you to hang back in when you have the time to hang.  It's laid back  the most yummy burger and sauteed onions (they ended up purple!) i've ever had. it was so delicious i forgot about how unsanitary the place was...to bad she's the only one who cooks the burgers like that "People really need to understand where they are going and the role the place is supposed to fulfill.  I find it funny that all three of the negative reviews mention how the food was great and the environment is chaos.  That is what they do at Harvey's.  Apparently everyone who went got Polly  just go when monty is working (he looks like the guy painted on the wall next to the smoking area)." P.S. BRING CASH BECAUSE THEY DON'T TAKE CREDIT CARDS!!!!!!"  but this is pretty unique.  A little more seasoning could be used The onion rings were straight out of the boiling oil and too hot to eat. (I'm sure my doctor does not approve of this meal). All the condiments I could ask for were delivered promptly. The burger was hot  I don't know how we got out without doing one with them.  The lady on the other side of us was getting her car washed next door so she said she comes in every time.  It was funny because the guy next to her The burgers are good enough to merit a 3 start in my opinion." "Wineburger is one of those places you know you can go to when you need a decent bite to eat at a fair price.  The cheeseburger is decent - standard bun  yum) and slaps em on the flat top grill. He then squirts on even more red wine as the burgers are cooking. I don't recall the price I'm a fan but it will be another few years until I'm back again." But even though I want to like the place for being a dive bar steps from Camelback Road and holding on  but not great!  The locals at the bar were quite a mix of people - interesting for people watching..."  the grill is great here. The Reuben is as good as any I've had. I like it here to get out of the bright desert heat and have a cold draft to cool my heels for a few. The specialty is the Weinburger grilled 'ground chuck soaked in wine' on an ample bun. They've been around for a long time for a reason; lots of personality." ...Jesus!  I just read the review about them having cooler ""problems""." And if the state of affairs at Harvey's bothers you  the best dive in Phoenix." /overheard ""I don't do anything downstairs!"""  just like the other fixins and the fries.  Combined with the atmosphere and general grungy feeling (I don't know how sanitary the place is  but it was GREAT. The lady at the bar was extremely nice and she even cooked our wine burgers right in front of us! Might be a poor man's version of benihana but whatever! still worth it! Definitely worth going ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw Dive bar with original bar food.  and then later ordered burgers and a side of onion rings to share. The onion rings were super delicious (i may be biased though because they are my favorite fried food!) and the Burgers were pretty darn good too for a dive bar. I think everyone should at least give them a chance if you like divey bars  and a vintage bowling arcade."  yes.  I will certainly be back!  A LOT." I'll come back.  I like the place and the ""feel"" of it.    It's withstood the test of time "Best burger in town for the price.  A well cooked 2/3 lb burger for under 7 bucks.  Good potato salad as a side.  Sort of a dive  but when we all joined in for a group rendition of some 80s love songs  I always feel a desperate need to bathe after I visit Harvey's. The drinks here however are VERY cheap. If you're short on cash and just need to knock back one or two you'd probably be OK here." "My girlfriend and I stoped in for a beer and a wine burger. Im pretty hard to please and let me just say...I was impressed. Burger was good "Came here one night after dinner at Durant's. COMPLETELY different scenes but this place is fun. Great service and cheap drinks. If you're looking for a high-class joint; this def aint your place-but if a chill neighborhood bar is what you're after  I don't care what anyone says. Harvey's burgers are freakin' awesome. Sometimes I crave them and then feel sorry for myself." All I can say is that a) the burgers are good b) it's so blatantly anti-yuppie that its actually appealing  choice of bud and bud lite...  Its a dive. Great place to go for lunch but maybe not the best place to impress the ladies. 8)"  it was a good experience (3.5 stars if Yelp allowed halves).  The food is good (between quality fast-food and a trendy restaurant) As we left the bar crew all said bye as well as the staff. I liked the folks there." Stopped in for my post-workout bowl of Chili and pitcher of beer and was IMPRESSED! Didn't want fancy- I was in my gym clothes. If you love a dark dive with really good food and prices this place is for you... The cook was visible and very friendly as well and the bartender was cool. The ladies was acceptable. The only thing missing was a smoking patio. I'll be back! Now that that's out of the way--the beers are dirt cheap and the signature WineBurger is downright delicious.  Servers are friendly.  This place should be on the short list for anyone in the area that wants to eat out or drink with friends on a budget." The wineburgers are delicious and the baskets of onions rings and fries are huge  dark and not half bad. Will be back in the future. I think I like it here better then I did at the original one."  they have Duck pin bowling.  It is like a small single lane bowling alley right in the bar and it is the great bar game ever.  I was staying 45 minutes away in North Scottsdale last time I was in town and drove here just for a beer a couple quick games.  It sounds odd  but it's good fun all around." A perfect example to never judge a book by its cover. There's a reason this place has won some ""best of"" awards." Get grilled onions on your burger"  it'll be a guilty pleasure." Kudos to the waitress/bartender/cook!! She was working hard and seemed to do a great job juggling everything." It's quite sad.  This was one of my favorite places in Phoenix - a wineburger and a game of pool - never crowded - that old dive charm...and hands down in the top 5 best burgers in town.  Apparently the new owner(s) believe all they need is a 40-year reputation.  Good luck with that Best Dive in Phoenix. Good people & drinks. Some people go to McDonalds at midnight after a night out. But I make my way to the best juke box joint with the best burgers in town! Stupid good!  and beer.  The service was incredibly friendly and the conversation at the bar was entertaining.  The burger was incredibly flavorful although sort of greasy and the beer and onion rings were average. I would totally go back here (with company) for burgers and the creepy yet surprisingly friendly and entertaining atmosphere."  and the NFL network? All within walking distance of my apartment? What did I do to get so lucky?!" I would drink here everyday if I lived in phoenix  they put wine in their burgers if you're into that..."  beer is cold and I could definitely see my self coming back."  pool hall-dive bar burger; albeit the only one conceivable Very accommodating to my silly group of friends. Burgers were spot on and service was impeccable! What other people say about the ambiance is true.  It =is= a dive bar.  I mean that in the best sense.  Cheap drinks They have happy hour weekly and on weekends but weekends they go a tad longer. The 6 dollar burger with fries and a drink is my bag." "Went there for the first time since it just got sold again. BURGERS ARE BETTER THAN EVER!!!!!!!!!! Drink Specials are fabulous. Jessica the bartender is awesome. The New owners just Rock!!!! My husband has been going to this place since he turned 21 After eating the burger and fries I quickly decided this place will be a regular for us... Love that it's a dive bar as well .. Warning ! The burgers are very greasy but so worth it ! And the buns are grilled with a little grease too :) I usually don't eat my buns but at this place I did and will.  I'm not hungover but this is prob a really good hangover burger too !!  that might require another visit or two.  They now offer a reasonably-priced lunch 'combo' that gives you great French fries (or their fabulous onion rings) with your burger in just enough quantity that you can finish them.  The table service is quick and as friendly as always. I will now put Harvey's back on my list of favorite (under $8) burger places in Phoenix.  Thank goodness for the new owners who have brought back tradition. You can't buy that ""homey"" feel elsewhere." "I totally stumbled on this place by being at the car wash next door!  We went in one night after a sports function for a quick bite to eat.  Damn...they are great burgers.  Reasonably priced food and drinks.  Fun ""dive bar"" atmosphere.  Great place and will definitely go back!" ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw Amazing onion rings and burgers to die for :) for a little hole in the wall restaurant there food is amazing! TRY THEIR PATTY MELT Would have given a five star but the $3 salad was the worst. It was just a bowl of lettuce and some chopped tomatoes. Onion rings awesome perfectly cooked. Cheeseburger great flavor. Awesome fireball shot $4.50 but $3.00 on Monday. "Been here before. Was good. During middle of day. Told my wyfe ""you gotta try this place"" its yummy. Took her for dinner. Her cheeseburger was over cooked and dry. My wings were charred and dry. Wait staff asked how it was and i told her ""overcooked"". She said sorry can i make u more? I said NO cant stomach anymore of their food. So what do i get in return? A FULL BILL!!! $30..... At least the wyfe learned a new drink. Wont be back here "Our first time here. Make sure you have 40 minutes to wait for your average tasting burger. The fries tasted like they were frozen. The good 'ole boys who seemed to be regulars What a great place! 8 of us met on a Tuesday night and couldn't have been happier. The food was good and the staff was attentive and very nice. Real nice place to hang out. It's cheap and obviously satisfies  but possibly one of the best burgers I've had. Made to order and seasoned perfect. The wings are also good."  I would have visited this place much sooner!  They grill then fry their hot wings-delicious.  Patrons include suit and ties from the local business community and flip flops and tshirts from everywhere coming for the Wineburger.   Service is always very attentive. They have pool tables "Total dive bar - which is my kind of place. I bought the Amazon Local deal (punch card with 3 $10 credits) and came today to try it out for the first time.  Took a seat at the bar and got instant greets from bartender and the cook (score). Bottled beer came ice cold (score) with menu. Ordered Wineburger and fries $6 lunch. Condiment and napkin service appeared instantly (score). Watched some TV (no hassle about swapping over to golf) and burger came in decent time. PERFECT taste and doneness! Second beer delivered timely and no chasing someone down to pay and get back to work. Lunch experience awesome so don't be scared by other reviews if you work nearby and want good  as if it had been floating in it all day. I was totally displeased with this place. The only reason this review isn't one star is because I didn't see any roaches." He said he would have rated Harvey's 4.5 but that he wasn't pleased the cook was the server and the bartender."  large tv in the pool room and put in more tables. I finally stepped out of my box and ordered something other than the wineburger and I WAS NOT disappointed. Their garlic Parmesan wings are fantastic. Can't wait to go back in a few days!"  awesome food. Surprisingly good for a hole in the wall dive bar. They have great lunch specials and listening to the drunk locals is always entertaining." Great burger for the price. Always friendly service. One of the oldest burger spots in town! Many better places in Phoenix"  looks can be deceiving. It doesn't look like much from the outside but Wineburger is definitely worth a stop." Their beer is pretty good and also their happy hours is legit save money eat good ohh yeahh!!!"  nothing to write home about.  The staff are friendly and will remember your name if you go in a lot and you may even get a free beer from time to time on the house.  They host dodgeball and dart leagues and even dress up and decorate the place when dodgeball have a theme night.  They have craft beers now and will ask us what beers we would like for the upcoming season.. Great dive bar "I love this bar and am fortunate it's nearby my house. They have several tv's Everything was good and the prices were fantastic! I'd recommend a visit if you're in the area and craving a burger that isn't comercially made." "Great customer service at lunch. Order the lunch special and 6 other customers get served before me. Wait 45 minutes then get up to leave. Am asked ""Do I want that to go?"" Can anyone say @DirtyDrummer?" And the time. It took like 20 minutes to get the food out. I had begun to think they forgot about us. But in the end awesome burgers.  decent service.  good atmosphere.  it's a dive bar.  just fyi.  with good food. "It's a dive bar where they make ""wineburgers"" on a flat top behind the bar. It smells of cleaning products Awesome burgers come here once in a while. Wings took 30 minutes and I feel like they trying to kicks us out. I don't want my check I want another corona and keep watching the Superbowl. One more time--this is a real bar. Enjoy the experience." If you want frills or mixologists this isn't your place. If you want cheap beer and delicious clogged arteries served by a bartender who will serve you complimentary cement mixer shots as punishment (congratulations?) when your team beats hers this is your spot."  come here after dodgeball to relax and socialize. Staff are great and always attentive. The burgers are awesome and they have a great  variety of beer and any mixed drink you can cook up! They have made some great upgrades with new big HD flatscreens I love dive bars with great food and this place is Great!!" I've only been twice in 2 weeks but will be a regular from now on!" Great burgers and fries! I love that they have take out. I want to come and get a drink sometime too. Definitely recommend! Not a  local. Just saw it was close by when I was hungry thanks to Yelp. Pulled in lot and was concerned because looked like abandoned crack warehouse. But once inside a great dive type bar with pretty and friendly servers. Beer cold. Food good. Me like. Fun place and really good burgers If you wanna try a good burger in an interesting place give Wineburger a try." YumBallz!!! Best wings & bloody Mary's in Phoenix!! Their burgers are just other worldly!!! You know something's good when u can't decide between this & lobster! Food here is THAT good! Made the right choice! Erik is the best grill master in town! Karaoke singers are awesome too! This was my first time going to Harvey's. I was so impressed! The service was wonderful. The cook even came out to check to make sure we were enjoying our meal. The burgers were the best burgers I have had since moving to Phoenix. The restaurant it's self is no thrills but I would recommend it to anyone is craving an incredible burger and great service. Love when you can see them make your food! BEST daily specials on food $6. Great prices on booze too. Divey with great food. What's not to love? ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw One thing that concerned me was the gal cooking the burgers had long hair that was not tied back.  Just an FYI in case you're squeamish about plucking hair out of your food." I'll definitely check it out again though!" Would come more often if staff were nicer. They seem annoyed by my presence but I do like the food. This place is simply the best at what it does. Try the pudding shots they are fantastic the burgers the wings the chicken tenders and don't forget the mixed basket of onion rings and french fries ask for mayo and ranch on the side This place has been around for many years in the Phoenix area. Interesting take on burgers. Tasty and juicy. A divey atmosphere but that is part of this places charm "Absolutely delicious!!! My burger was better than any other burger I've had at any restaurant. It was huge and juicy and cheesy. I got a Deluxe Burger with mushrooms and bacon. It was the best. I got onion rings and cheese sticks. The onion rings are battered not floured and the cheese sticks were just okay for $8 "Great burgers. Expensive beer. Extra star for playing Miley's ""I adore you"" while I'm out with my husbear" How does this have 4 stars on yelp? Lol" Pretty good food. Kind of divey. Been coming here for years and probably will be coming here for years ahead. But it kind of sucks there juke box is broken and all they play is country music. Countries ok once in awhile the tears in your beer for 4 hours straight is ridiculous great burgers and cheap beer but they can take that country music and do something else with it The very definition of a dive bar w a food problem. They won best take out for good reason. Don't need a menu just get a burger you can't go wrong. Love this place. This place is a classic Phoenix bar: established in 1950-something or whatever... in other words: it has been around for a while Been a while since first review but this a 5 star burger joint.  Simply great.  Hard to out do!  Come see for yourself!!! Service was great. Beer was cold. Great way to start a weekend - We will be back!" Burgers are delicious. Glad I don't live out here otherwise I'd be here every other day.  f*ck my tongue.. This shit is good!"" I love this place and love coming here. Please try and come soon!!! Sidenote: Shawn the handsome man that served us DID NOT MAKE MY EYES HURT!! Wink... ; ) Eric can cook his ass off!!! You my think it's easy serving the masses but it takes the skill that he possesses!"  laid back atmosphere just a great time and place to be at. You're gonna enjoy everything here!!! GUARANTEE IT!!!" Come here on a Sunday for a hangover cure and football on tv." Great little dive with cheap drinks. The Burgers are one of my favorite in the Valley!  decent beer selection and Amazing Burgers! Definitely a once a week burger craving.. Beer drinking kinda night place!"  was working the grill. I didn't want to be a dick and ask for someone else to cook it and I decided to give her another chance. Before I left the bar "While a ""dive bar"" burgers here are some the juiciest I've had and the beer is cold and the drinks are generous on the alcohol and notably a lot of the car dealership employees frequent the place it can't be all bad and they have enough tv's to watch whatever sport you are interested in..." ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw "This is seriously a hidden gem! Right off the corner of 16th street and Camelback. The burgers are cooked with red wine and you can really taste the wine once the burger is cooked- added with the cheese and awesome fries A little bit of a wait but the burger I got here. However it was fantastic. Although more than anything I was blown away by the onionrings! :D  nothing you can't get at any other burger place. The place itself is very dark inside. They did have good drink specials but it's not somewhere I'll return."  she replied ""we aren't McDonalds"" and slammed our checks on the table. My chicken patty came out like a brick. It hurt my teeth to bite into. I got sick from it as well. It was my first and my last visit to this establishment. Just don't do it." "Have driven by hundreds of times and decided to check this place out while getting an oil change down the road. What an amazing place! Bartenders are wonderful and friendly. The cook is amazing. Very diverse crowd. Food is very fresh. Had a hamburger I stopped in here on a whim I was going to go to the rokerij and I thought this place looked cool I think I'm going to have a wineburger. What a great burger and excellent service. I can't say enough about the friendliness of the bartenders I will definitely be back Perfect burger and onion rings.   The 1/3 lb. Cheese Wineburger is the best.  The place is nice and cool for those hot summer day when you need to cool off have a cold beer and a great burger!!!  and enjoyable with a beer. And there fries... plus getting a car wash next door while this takes place is even more worth while."  best food ever! The onion rings are delicious and I always get the garlic patty melt....absolutely delicious!"  Margie and Monty we salute you. Thanks for everything you do for us." ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw  last time I went there with my girlfriend it was sub-par at best. All the fried food in the sampler and the French fries with the burgs were overdone. Burg fell completely apart after one bite. Disappointing because I've been here several times and I know what this place is capable of. Hope it's better next time!" "The best burger in Phoenix! It looks like a dive; well that's because it is! Not a lot on tap but try the burger! Not the sexiest atmosphere Green chile burger and fries were amazing! My friend got the hot wings and said they were great as well. I didn't give them 5 stars because it was only one visit but I will update when I go back because I will be going back for sure!!!  onion rings I've had in years! Must go! Delicious and cheap Oh and pool tables and darts are there too if you're into that sort of thing."  take the paper out of the basket and put it directly on the table.  That way you have more room to construct and get to work.  See you there!" "Best burger in town! Hands down! If you want the best burger of your life go to Harveys! The burger is juicy  tight shopping area on N 16th Street."  Robert acknowledges you as soon as you walk in the door.. Orders are always correct too" Worst service and pizza!!!  Just ordered Chicken BBQ and I got something totally not Chicken BBQ.  So I called them to let them know we got the wrong pizza and they keep hanging up on me.  I didn't even get to tell them.  I just said I got the wrong pizza and they keep telling me to hold then hangs up.  My favorite pizza is Pizza Hut but not this location for sure.  If I can give -star I would. Had a great example of good customer service tonight with Brian! Also the pizza was delicious but customer service makes all the difference. "This is the location that delivers to my home. I have ordered several times and gotten great service. I only had a problem once and it was made right asap. If you haven't ordered from PH lately "Interesting that incorrectly making an order I'd already paid for that looked inedible I was asked only if I wanted credit or to wait for 20 min not free delivery or a refund as I'm only 2min away. Find the other pizza joints in the area Awesome hot cookie and the brownie is a triple chocolate overload madness of chocolate" lgWe8lSmcBk4Pq0kVI9-0A ""Like to try our grilled wings?"" I said ""yes."" She said  but hard to say since my palate has certainly refined over the years. The gal at the drive thru was very friendly  we started eating and not even 2 mins go by when someone goes up and says my order is wrong SHE DID IT AGAIN and Alexander tells her hey you got another order wrong and she goes back into her mumbling   the world may never know)! They were OUT of biscuits and dropped my change onto the pavement without offering to make it right. They may be right down the street from me... but I will be sure to stick to local mom and pop shops going forward." "This KFC was the worst in insulting you with the ""food"" they serve. They will sell you chicken that is old ... so old that the juice settles back into the breading on their ""extra crispy"" that it actually turns grey and soggy. This has made me decide to spend my money $22.00 to be exact elsewhere. .....Mr. Sanders would be ashamed. ..."  so I had to repeat it. They took my money and then I sat for over 10 minutes! The manager passed by the window a number of times and never made eye contact. They opened the window only to tell me that it would be another 4 minutes and I should pull around to wait. I could've made my own chicken dinner at that point." "Avoid this location. My wife and I both ordered a meal that came with a cookie for desert. We got home and realized they didn't give us the Cooke. We returned since we were really feeling like desert and they said the were out and substituting a biscuit or side since they were out of cookies. We question how a biscuit is like a desert since we wanted something sweet and asked if instead of two cookies we could split a slice of pie. The manager quickly informed us that two cookies is $.99 and a pie is $1.99. I asked if she could just make the substitution since we had to drive all the way back and since it was their mistake to begin with and she refused. I just left because we didn't feel like more food  the price was good and the service was descent. I would suggest maybe going during the afternoon when they are going thru product to guarantee the freshness of it. Let's just say I probably wont go here Excellent customer service ! Always such friendly workers when I go through the drive thru. Smiling and kind . It's so so nice.   Makes me smile too ;)  let's not get high and mighty rating the quality of the food. 5 stars for he customer service here though. They are cheerful and friendly. Can't ask for much more!" lgWe8lSmcBk4Pq0kVI9-0A I drove twenty minutes on a Friday to get my family dinner. I arrived at 910 pm and they are supposed to close at 10. The employees had already closed everything up.When I placed my order they gave me some lie about they just sold all the chicken and we would have to wait 20 mins for more and fit the fryer to heat up. They closed everything up early. Such a terrible experience. Would not recommend.Will be contacting corporate. CvJNcUtmNubDF8UmuduNXg  when u pass by cici's windows the children look sad and angry because u didn't take em to ppp."  no seriously Im a regular at least once a week lol The buffet at lunch sucks they serve the worst pizzas I feel like Im always waiting for them to put out a simple pepperoni pizza but nope just another wack invention come on people this is not CiCis.. Then when they do finally put one out everyone takes all the slices. When I go any other time the pizza is great but they do take a long time 45-60 min wait. The customer service here from the staff including management is horrible  but it's a 5-star cheap place to take the kids where they will love you for it!"  it tasted like...childhood." About the only downside is parking. You might need to park between the pad which houses the place and the remnants of Tower Plaza instead of directly in front. Not a big deal."  and I didn't want to eat on them. I definitely won't be going back." Walked in on Saturday and walked out.  you will get a more epic review Peter Piper on Thomas !"  or it would just steal my tokens. All the tickets I would have been winning would be given to my son so he could cash in and buy things at the counter. So I was pissed that it kept ripping me off. And the counter toys are super expensive! I don't think I would recommend this place to anyone."  and after seeing their cheesy commercials I've decided to give this place a try. I would not recommend their pizza at all. I had the California Pizza which includes your typical pizza veggies Online ordering system sucks. My order was lost." The place looks great over 10 big screen tvs more space  newer games and brand new carpet... everything has been improved and brand new expect the wifi ...  your kids will love it and you should be able to tolerate it. Not a bad outing." I've never in my life had a problem with PPP! I've been getting pizza from here for over 8 years....but what is going on with their new crust? It is horrible & disgusting! They only have pan & thin crust now???? What happened to their amazing hand-tossed? I'm so disappointed that they have changed! I will never be a returning customer until their crust is changed back!  kids are literally banging the walls. Parents of the birthday child have been apologizing profusely for the tardiness and mom specifically said to mention the no show hostess in this review." This place reminded me a bit of my fond memories of Chuck E Cheese  i almost choked on it. The only thing that was good was the mashed potatoes and gravy. No one said thank you or have a good day as we left either. We paid $16 for one of the worst meals ever. I will never go back to this KFC again. Im not even sure if I will go to any KFC anymore. Their prices are way too high for the quality of food and the customer service sucks! There are so many people that would be grateful to have a job "Please hire a staff who understands English. That way This place is trash.  The tables are all dirty... There is 4 people inside waiting for their food for over 15 mins.  All the employees look like they are on drugs and not caring about anything.  We will never be back to this location... Pathetic. The crowd is always friendly and the service is usually top notch."  perhaps the OBR can rise again... you let me know...."  there's a slight incline that's easy to get tripped up on. :-O  Regulars will back me up on this."  probably. I don't know that I'd go out of my way to get there If you want a good cheap breakfast this is the place to go. There food is very good and reasonably priced. I try to get there at least once a weekend. Very nice atmosphere. Seems like a good neighborhood hang out.  this place is pretty awesome once you get past the dark RIeWXLMHZQlYprYt1x2f1w  BBQ Beef w/ fries and Cole slaw. It was okay. The slaw was actually better than many places it had flavor beyond just mayo. The half pitcher of beer was cold. The bartender/waitress was friendly and had a sense of humor. The jukebox was playing and it was pumping out a great selection of classic rock hits. The place is pretty big. The bathroom is tiny and somewhat dingy. There must be 20 TVs there to watch. They have karaoke one night a week and have pretty good size stage/floor for that. They have a daily special and offer their cheap raved about breakfasts meals until 2pm daily. Half price on some appetizers as of 3pm and discount drinks. Place is a bit dark but clean. There is one pool table and two arcade games. It seems to me that it must be a serious drinking place because it doesn't offer much to do in the amount of space that is there. Oh and there is plenty of bar space to belly up to  they were cooked okay. Could have done a more presentable delivery of the meal at home. Have seen a more presentable job done at many other eateries through out the USA at independently owned or chain restaurants. So I'm in no rush to return here for the breakfast  including the interesting mix of patrons and wait staff. Even the just two choices of jam (concord grape or strawberry) seemed fitting. We were there before 10 am when alcohol could be served "This place is great!  If I want breakfast (served until 2pm!) it's hard to come up with something that sounds better than the Brass Rail.  It's cheap and it's straight forward  friendly service under $10 - - priceless.  It has a ton of old sports flags from all leagues and teams ... very clean (including the bathroom).  This place is kinda outta the way but definitely worth it.  All my friends visiting will experience this place at one point or another (closer to PHX :)"  you get the added bonus of checking out an old school cigarette vending machine on your way out.  I hope to return to Train Tracks of Brass Railroad Bar soon." This place gets 2 thumbs up from me!"  but I feel like it is a secret spot so don't tell your friends ;)  if you are in the area looking for a drink then definitely stop by." RIeWXLMHZQlYprYt1x2f1w It's cheap and is open at 6 a.m.  This is pretty much the only pros I can think of this place. I love this place. They have the cheapest and best breakfast food I've ever had. They make the best bacon in all the land!!  but the drinks are strong and the service is always friendly and on point." "Maybe it's because I was drinking heavily (which is NOT a usual occurance!) but I really liked this little hole in the wall!  The server was fantastic!  She kept our glasses filled at just the right times (which was way too many!)  I don't think most people tip well here because she was shocked with a good cash tip. (So when you go...be nice and tip well!)   The bathroom was clean  and the wait staff are always attentive. I have only visited during breakfast hours "Came here with a friend yesterday for breakfast. The food was good and the service was excellent. They have lots of televisions so I was able to watch the inauguration and highlights from the playoff games while I enjoyed my food. They have a standard two egg  but the poor ventilation left me smelling like greasy hash browns.  Was misled by the sign that indicated that this was a sports bar.   It's not I love places like Brass Rail and wish I had one right down the street from my house."  watch out for the floor/handicapped ramp as you enter/exit the building. It'll get ya!"  place. This is not a fancy place. This is not ""let's go here after church"" place. I don't even know if there's a dress code. There's charm and character tho. If you're in this neck of the woods and hangry check it out!"  and the karaoke was fun and had a receptive crowd. While not going to be a regular haunt The working man's breakfast hole that has been feeding locals cheaply  since long before many of us could identify Phoenix on the map.  If I was ever a location scout and needed a seedy local dive bar from which my main characters could procure a map from an unkempt local in order to launch their adventure i would start here.  its been spotty so I think I'll give it some time before I try them again.. :/" I also hope to check the place out in the evening." This place has great service..yummy breakfast..and a kick back atmosphere.  I love it here! Love this joint. Best breakfast for the buck. BnB Breakfast aNd Beer. Love the staff. Yay tacos. "Down-home live music dive that's family owned and offers a great value for the money. Cheap drinks Breakfast is great and good music." Fun looking place. Horrible experience. Came for st paddy's. Old waitress made sure to ignore us as we stood by the bar until it was too obvious she was ignoring us. She gave us our beers and closed me out without offering to keep it open.(I planned on staying longer). While enjoying our beers outside patio we steered clear away from the smokers to enjoy outside. One regular made sure to come all the way to stand next to our table and smoke. Obviously if ur not a regular you not welcome here.  came back for the massive nachos with chicken!  Our server was sweet and took great care of us.  My friend had the club sandwich that did not disappoint.  Awesome lunch gem!" Fantastic Sunday breakfast with great service and yummy bloodys  and mimosas. Very friendly place and open early! They have a full bar as well. Dive bar near Wal mart and home depot.... Great breakfast  specials.... Bartenders have always been friendly and fast... Seems like it has lots regulars but accepts us that drop in. Medium rare on burger was pushing rare beer specials on domestics are dirt cheap haven't had wings yet  porkchops and it's all very good. The place has a good vibe. The staff and patrons are friendly.  The only thing is the service can be slow and I've experienced the karaoke host skipping people(I've paid attention) but if you want great food at somewhat reasonable prices I came all the way from L.A. & they was closed!! For a a whole week!!! I'm really disappointed. The food is bomb. How's a place like this going to be closed for a week??? You need to open asap! "A friend brought me here for breakfast and I was impressed.  Not much in the outside  which could be a problem if you have been emphasizing the ""bar"" over the ""grill"". The Ole Brass Rail's dcor could be termed sports bar basic Still good service friendly staff good variety in menu choices.... Had full slab rib dinner for 16 corn toast beans Cole slaw and full rack... You can tell the sauce is chef recipe and not just bottle. Tastes like a Kansas vinegar based bbq mop sauce. Nice and tender. I would get it again . Still seems like Lotta regulars plenty of tvs snf game on with sound. Most everyone sits at the bar. Handful of tables could probably seat 50-75 total on avg 10-20 people I love this place. Foods always great bartenders are so nice. Bloody Mary's are amazing ! I always stick to the biscuits and gravy  multiple tables waiting for their orders to be taken. A hello or a be right with you would have gone a long way "Great breakfast for the price!  Everyone seemed to be enjoying their four dollar bloody Marys.  The OK was fresh.  Lots of friendly films Bad service. Been in this place many times. Drive from laveen. I always come in with my Starbucks coffee and order a bloody marry and breakfast. Well today I was asked to leave I asked the lady you really gonna kick me out for bringing in my coffee? I even ordered a drink. She was in a bad mood for some reason I was asked to leave again. Slow hole in wall spot like this should be happy people return to continue to pass their business along. Well today they lost my business from now on. Been coming here for 5yrs. Never had this issue. I get it if I didn't order a drink but the fact is that was the first thing I ordered was a drink and still told I couldn't have my coffee. I have been to the brass rail several times but today is the last time for me. The baby boomer waitress acted like it was an inconvenience to her that I was there. The owner was called over because I wanted  a substitution.  He said he would fire the waitress who had been serving me the meal I had requested in the past. (Is 1 biscuit with gravy instead of hash browns really that difficult? ). I wasn't asking for anything for free. The previous non-baby boomer waitress gave me a small up charge and I got the food I had requested. Today I was flatly told no. Incredible.  the drinks are cheap and the old Phoenix atmosphere is free.  You got to try once to say you've gone there."  and choice of bread) to $5.  Last time we went though the food wasn't so bad.  If it's still hit or miss though  but with a group of friends it made it easier. It's a place that people can just have fun and sing and not have to be in total performance mode--just com and enjoy singing. Had the French dip and it was reliable. Drinks were fine and plentiful. Service was nice and fast. Had a good time." "This seat yourself places serves traditional bar food with great prices and good service. My chicken sandwich was juicy and flavorful.  Plus they have crinkle fries! They serve breakfast until 2 and even though we didn't try it "Best breakfast place. You get a lot at a low price. Been going for years now. Service is great RIeWXLMHZQlYprYt1x2f1w  they do well. And judging from the packed parking lot at each visit  my favorite. Worth the short drive from mid Scottsdale. Eggs Benedict is delish!  The hollandaise Was in this morning for breakfast and the $5 breakfast option didn't disappoint.  The place appeared clean and we only waited for a minute or so before we were waited on by our server. There appeared to be lots of regulars and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves and their food/beverages.  It was my first time and will be back.  Hoping to make it our weekend soccer viewing bar as well. This is location has indoor tables to eat at if you want someone else to clean up the mess - just order at the counter and they'll bring the pizza to your table when it's ready." This sucked I am going to see if I can get another place to deliver to me.!!" So the Tuscani pasta and the boneless wings called me up and were like what's up bitch you know you want us...so hence I got the pasta and some bone out wings. Lets just say my order was there in about 20 minutes...uber fast. and it was perfect. Nuff said."  Small Price Menu; And OMG The Edge I Remember Back In The Day When They Had It By My Favorite Pizza! Everyone Need To Try The Edge If You Haven't Yet I Promise It Will Become Your Favorite Pizza; Eat-it So It Won't Go Away Again!  And We All Know Pizza Is Good For Every Meal. And I Agree With Perry The Pastas Are Awesome I've Had All Of Them!"  always a few minutes late. Sometimes I indicate pick up and the order gets delivered to my home."  they got my order wrong! Scary neighborhood and parking lot full. I had to park in the shopping complex next to this one."  they hung up on us!! Went in and they said a 50 minute wait AND said that there would be a $1 PER TOPPING charge which is NOT what it said on the online special!! This place is a rip off!!"  unlike your delivery. Ordered at 2:53pm on a Tuesday. Delivered at 3:51. Had to microwave both mozzarella sticks and pizza since they were apparently sitting around. Delivery driver was polite and friendly." Disappointed AGAIN! 3rd time in a row they have been 10 mins late and pizza has been warm. Not like the warm out of the oven but warm like sitting in a car. I used to order frequently but that will stop after these last visits.  Amazing that it takes an hour to deliver and I live 5 mins away. "Took forever. Paper plates. No red pepper. Hair in my food. Phone rang off the hook. Dirty lobby and dinning room. Hmmmm  didn't get a hot pizza and it was kind of soggy on bottom both times. I decided to try them again with a Free large 1-topping pizza coupon I received. Called to order the pizza  and my pizza was cold . I don't think I'll order from this location again ." Just a fail all around.  The 2 stars is for the delivery guy.  He was nice Why the hell do they let dogs inside of this place...that's disgusting..what goes on in the back?!!.. .I'll be getting a refund soon "This is the closest Pizza Hut to where I live. We've ordered here a few times. One time everything was perfect. The second time  then they just hung up. Happened twice.  Their service couldn't be worse." They had someone new take my delivery order. She screwed it up but after an hour the manager Manny corrected it all for free plus sent me a warm and gooey Hershey's pie!!! All no charge. Ty! It was absolutely horrible. We ordered delivery and after two hours it hadn't arrived. We called at the hour mark to see what was going on and was told it was in the next car to go out. I then called again after 40 minutes and found out our pizza wasn't even made yet! I'm sorry but that's unacceptable. We canceled our order and are never ordering from this Pizza Hut again. I finally get my delivery 1hour and 20 minutes later! Of course it's cold.... and all I wanted was some pizza. This place clearly lacks in delivery and customer service. I'd give negative 10 stars Rude employees and told me I wasn't allowed to order from them again. Like I would Took me a week to get a hold of the manager who would give me a credit for the shit service and the shit food. Used the credit for pick up  I've only got food from here twice and OF COURSE both times they screwed it up.  I had been craving their bread sticks so I got them with my pizza and they forget the sauce.  Like  then they tried calling me 30 min before when the pizza was supposed to be delivered but my phone never rang. If you're going to BS me at least keep your story straight... don't bother with this place. I know I'm done."  the place appeared dingy. One employee was scratching his head and did not wash his hands before touching the food. When I received my food all seemed okay. However when i went to eat a wing Service sucks especially on the phone a girl that every time she sounds stoned gettin the orders wrong. Not paying attention when u r paying with card. Love pizza hut hate this location. Please somebody do something about it!!!!!! One of the worst locations!!! I just called to place a order and was told that they didn't have any beef toppings. Called 2 weeks ago and it wasn't any dough.  WTF!!! 2 Medium Pizzas for 5.99 each. That was the special. I've always liked Domino's even when food critics were not on their side. I was not happy with my last order but I blame me. I am not the biggest fan of thin crust pizza unless it is wood oven baked. I wanted to try something different so I did but I just did not seem to like their version. I will tell you my Pizza's were hot and ready when promised. My food was fresh served with a friendly smile. I will return only to have hand toss crust. I started ordering their homemade pan pizza with spinach and ham and white sauce (indigestion kicks in with too much red sauce) and it is fabulous. Can't say it enough. You can choose any two toppings A special shout out to my usual delivery guy Nick. He delivers to my house super fast and is always friendly. That really makes a difference." Placed order online. Loved watching the status!! It arrived as promised...it was correct and arrived HOT!!  Love this option when I just do not feel like cooking (or going out)! Thanks Domino's! "Called a competitor at 9:55pm and they said they were closed. Their website says open until 10:00pm. So I logged onto Dominos website. Ordered. Watched status online from prep to delivery. Lets just say the ""hut"" no longer has any of my business and I am LOVING Dominos. Pizza was perfect. NICE!" "Got food poisoning after eating two slices of a large 3 topping pizza with bacon I contacted the corporate headquarters to try to make sense of this.... It's NOT the money... it's the absurdity of the matter.  Other than a ""we are sorry"" email.... no word from Dominos.  It's sad.  I've been a long time customer.... but when the absurdity outweighs common guest service... maybe it's time to say bye bye." "After calling in to order 10pizzas at 3:30 to be picked up at 5:15 I walked in at 5:15 to pick them up.  Guess what Called 3x at 10:30 PM on a Thursday and nobody picked up. Wow. Unbelievable for a simple chain pizza place!! The Management Team went the extra step in following up with us about our experience. Raising my rating because it does seem like they are genuinely trying to resolve problems. Thank you!  I had 2 pizzas that I didn't want (and my wife couldn't eat because neither of them were gluten free) so I told them I wanted my money back.  They did credit us back and then say we can get a free coupon for the next time we order from them but I really don't foresee us ordering from this particular location (especially since we were visiting the Phoenix area) anytime soon." The pizza seemed to get better then 10 years ago So as I'm writing this I'm thinking of the Wedding Crashers. Now taking applications for a Birthday Crashing partner are you in?? I will supply the child. Lets go!!"  2 drinks & $20 worth of tokens. Total was around $43 for everything. About 15 mins. later our food was ready. The pizza was tasty & piled high w/toppings. The breadsticks were yummy w/lots of garlic & butter. Even though we don't have kids we had a good time playing games. The ""motion"" game was so lame for 4 tokens They don't have the game selection of Dave & Busters but they have skee ball and that suits me just fine.  I don't have kids so this isn't a place I'd come to a lot but it seems like a good place for a night out with the family if you have one.  Enjoy a pie and let your kids have a good time." Place was clean and not busy at all for a Saturday. Pizza was good compared to chucke e cheese. I mean it has good pizza I love the ceaser salad.I enjoyed. "Great place to go for the whole family. Remodeled so its new and clean!! And they have wifi!!  I think I show ""Chucky Cheese"" eating there today..lol..or not????" My daughter Loves this place! The pizza isn't too bad and the lunch buffet is a great price. This is always a good lunch date for mommy/daughter.  Service is always good and sssh! They have beer and wine here!  Eat that Chuck E Cheese! "2nd of 3 kids birthday parties this weekend.  What a marathon.  Token games are fun though "This was one very clean location (down to the bathrooms). Although it was packed because it was a Saturday ( what can you expect lol) the staff still managed to keep things clean. No cups  the pizza is always good and even with big groups of kids they still recognize my family and take time to visit and make sure everything is going smoothly with our lunch." That said we arrived at 105 to a completely empty bufett that took untill 130 to get caught back up. Pizza is good overall. Not the best or worst bufett.  Middle of the road. Cheap food almost fast."  there is no salad bar available in the evening; just some prepackaged and expensive mixed lettuce. Where are all the ""healthy choices"" they advertise?" Better than any of the other Peter Pipers we've been to!!"  BUT at no point should the staff allow kids to wrestle and bump into other customers. Furthermore 2J1DtN7FjGICQcgRei3jKA  and if Peter piper pizza seems like a kid place. I'll come here with my friends who are all 21+  which is a major plus!!! They must have remodeled at some point because I remember it being much smaller. I'd recommend coming here for the lunch buffet  but they do have good games for the kids and the staff is super friendly!" Had this pizza at work and I have to say it was bad.  It was hard and pretty tasteless.  I will never recommend it to anyone.  and we never found it. We told management and Chris was on his hands and knees searching high and low for my brothers phone. What a sweet guy. Will definitely be back. He's a great person." zwJX3eetOhpi-gv4-E4rcQ  the staff has always been friendly during my pickups. The previous review is correct in that they don't take anything over a $20; I think part of that is that they are not in the best area... I use a debit card so that doesn't matter to me at all. The new pastas they have here are very good so give them a try." Best pizza we had in a long time. Thanks. I don't think anybody beats Pizza Hut and the way they did the pizzas This place has crappy customer service. They forgot part of our order from tonight. When we called to get it corrected the manager was rude and unhelpful. I guess from now on we will only be eating Pizza Hut if we want to pick up our order  how do I know this well her hands were full of white cheese (the older lady very nice but not so clean) and when I got my Debit card back it stuck like cheese!!  Gross I will not be going there again.  I hope she washes her hands before making the Pizza.  This is the Pizza Hut on 7th st and union hills." I live nearby and probably order from here at least two or three times a month. I usually pick up my order and order online. I have never had a negative experience and have actually had great customer service every time. Maybe they have made some changes as I see others have not had as much luck. Either that or we reap what we sew I suppose... Just do yourself a favor and DO NOT expect any customer service from this location. Go elsewhere. I will be driving to a different Pizza Hut just to avoid this kind of awful handling of issues that arise. I know things happen but the way you deal with them is how you retain customers. Shame on you Pizza Hut.  I asked Adam I ordered a complicated order and its late on a Friday. Order was delivered quickly and accurate and it was really great. First time ordering from here and I gotta say best pizza I've had from a Pizza Hut ever. Thanks guys!  which we did not order and the toppings were scarce. We had 1 medium pizza to share with 5 people. Threw them both in the trash! What a waste amd I personally ate a apple for dinner. Manager tried Ill give him that  they've always been willing to make it up to me. This location was clearly not interested in making things right and is hugely disappointing. And because of that mistake I will no longer order from this location. I am happy to go to another pizza establishment that caters to customers and quite frankly has better pizza. Pizza Hut "I ordered delivery and as soon as it came and I grabbed a slice of pizza I noticed an inch of dark hair in my pizza. I don't have dark hair. And when I called I read all these bad reviews on Yelp and Google and almost thought twice about ordering just now. But we've always had good pizza and no problems with service. The guy on the phone was nice and even took our order and found a way to get us a cheaper deal.  too much sauce.  Pizza was not nearly as warm as I would have though and the cheese sill had un melted pockets in the pie.  What happened to you Za Hut?  Obviously this location has issues to deal with."  the food has arrived lukewarm.  It pretty clearly was made too far in advance then just sits somewhere.  My pizza was basically room temperature and the fries I ordered were limp and soggy."  he calls and asks me to come to his car because its raining outside! Are you kidding me!  Wings box was smashed and food was room temperature at best. This place is crap and deserve to keep the minimum wage they should be earning." I have been ordering here for a about 2 years now. And every single time I order they make it perfectly and on time. Pizza and Wings both! Keep it up! :) Thank you! :) "Apparantly after 10 years I've been removed from the delivery zone and told that they have never delivered to me because they have no delivery history. Hmmmm.... I've got 10 years of order history from this store but they have never delivered to me. Never  but 80% of the time they screw up part of my order." Delivery is always lightening fast (probably cause I live so close So on a fair note being that the cheese was the only thing good about the pizza give this Domino's 2 stars and I won't be going back probably for another year or so just to remind myself why we never order from Domino's." I've thought about fast food pizza and Dominos was always one I considered fast good; that being said I was wrong. Their pizza was really impressive. Make sure you get the thin crust xtra sauce and you have some really good pizza! Thanks Dominos!  let say like 5 pieces of spinach leaves. Too sad because I love spinach a lot. I cant barely taste the spinach though... :( But still I love there Pizza and chicken wings. Looking forward to taste their pasta." I kindly told the guy at the register there was a dead fly on the counter (this happened on 3/6/2015 at around 3:45pm)  so what does he do grabs the fly with his bare hands and tosses it in the garbage!!  So gross I hope he washed his hands.. Those nasty little bugs contain maggots.. yuck. I will not be buying from domino's again.  it was burned to a crisp and dry. Philly cheese pizza was as dry as the desert sand. It's so over cooked that it was too dry to eat just 30 min after pick up. It was hard as a rock Yeah so I called last night about 20 till close. They take my order and told me it will be 45-1hr for delivery... Hour and 15 mins later I call to confirm. No answer and THEY NEVER DELIVERED THE PIZZA!!! I checked my account and they didn't charge me luckily but who runs a business like this?? Just tell me you aren't going to deliver. Very very disappointed in this place. Screw them we just wanted pizza!! Will not use this place in the future and might not use a dominos again!! and the service is pretty friendly.They don't always get it exactly correct though.They are pretty prompt I've ordered twice from this location and both the times the consistency of the taste of the food n on time delivery has been good... the pizza's were made well with good quantity of toppings n the food was hot when delivered n food was delivered within 30mins...so overall happy customer Zero stars would have been except able!" Worst pizza the sauce is sweet and they put some sugary stuff on the crust now. No thanks!!!!  but it was that bad. Got my order almost 3 hours after ordering  REALLY wanted to try it.  It turned out to be a good education for the difference between what something looks like on TV I didn't give this rating based on taste because I frankly hate Pizza Hut pizza. I think it's gross. The sandwiches and wings are great though. My fiance loves it all though. I like it because it is right next to our house and the staff are always friendly. I pick it up on my way home and if I get there early they try to get it for me as soon as they can.   your dough is just horrible please take a page from Dominos and scrap what you're doing and get back in the game.   Tonight's pizza was just a mess.   Half went to the trash.   And that's only because we were so disgusted that we shared it with a less discriminating friend.  I can't believe I actually like this stuff as a kid.   Was it always this bad?  I'd like to think not Do not order anything from this location...the store employees and managers are rude and simply don't care about customer satisfaction.  There are plenty of other options nearby that offer much better customer service. Since when it is OK to accept mediocrity as the norm? Do yourself a favor Pizza hut has a mere 4 different things on the menu (excluding variations). HOW ON EARTH CAN YOU BE OUT OF 3/4?! After going nowhere for five minutes I call exactly at 10:59 to place an order I go pick up my I take it back to have lunch this pizza is so salty. I couldn't eat it."  the maximum rating allowed by law for a Pizza Hut." Pretty good location.....clean....not very busy during the times I have visited. The customer service could be better....and the place could use a little pick me up so to speak...but all in all it's close to my apt. when I need a KFC fix. Don't waste your time as it will take a lot of it if you do." Okay it's official Kentucky fried chicken has switched from chicken to pigeon this was the most God awful experience I've ever had it was beyond disgusting dried-up pigeon is what they serve along with all of their other fake ingredients at KFC KFC is nasty do not go there So the morale....Count your chickens from KFC...they don't."  but we will not be going back to this flthy store with the rude manager for any reason! If this is a company-owned store Simple menu but the .39 for debit card and being forced to sign receipt even  if they are not sure your card was charged as a debit card or credit card.  manager was nice to give me .39 cents pocket change bit I don't think I will ever be back for 15 dollars of chicken Not sure what everyone else is saying. Service was fast! Drive through was less than 3 minutes from beginning to end. And chicken treated like any other Kentucky fried chicken. nqpUjsD-nUIQCrr15B9W-g  not my day.""  But customer after customer???  Out of biscuits???   Out of Original Recipe????   Out of Extra Crispy???  Geez...get organized.  I've been in plenty of busy KFCs ...I've never seen one so poorly execute their main mission...serve chicken and sides to their customers in a reasonably prompt manner. This is definitely a ""do not return"" restaurant for me." This KFC never fails to disappoint. This is the second time in the last two months that around 8:30 pm they have run out of crispy chicken. I've actually only tried them these two times. I wasn't the only car to drive away without ordering. My girlfriend said let's try Churchs and was a good idea. The biscuits were better and the Cole slaw had the same flavor except a different cut. The chicken wasn't bad either. Don't know if the KFC has bad or indifferent owners or management or they don't know what's going on in their restaurant. Kfc is good and the only chicken place around if you wanna grab something quick and not the traditional fast food. But this location is horrific!! I always have to wait 10-15 minutes in the parking lot after ordering through the drive through. For whatever reason they always running out of chicken and the last time I came my order was wrong when I got home. I rather travel to a location 20 miles from home near my job than continue to patronize this poor service.  so you'd think they could manage the availability of you know CHICKEN!!!"  easy going and the bar looks like it can get pretty neighborhoody fun." We read the reviews and stopped in this evening. The salad was great and plenty. The pizza was fresh and delicious. We will definitely go there again. Great neighborhood restaurant. But the pizza really is good."  but I've never waited for a table. Excellent service. The only pitfall is that there aren't a lot of food choices outside of pizza. A few calzones and sandwiches and very basic salads  and abrupt customer service.  Very meh."  nothing special. 12 bucks for a salad and an iced tea. Should have went to Picazzo's." A great pizza place in the north phoenix!  Their wings are so amazing I dream about them. The pizza is equally delicious! It is a great place to hang with friends and catch up over a beer (they have a tone on tap) while you treat yourself to some great food! I'm definitely going to be back soon! Enough said!" It has a very relaxed atmosphere. My niece and the children at the other table approved. The bar had a few televisions with different football games on them." "So I thought I would order from my local neighborhood pizza joint for a quick Saturday afternoon lunch. Big mistake! The cheese tasted like rubber  they recieved no crayons etc. It also took a really long time for our server to show. The wings were a bit dry but still tastey. We loved the pizza though. It was delicious! Our only complaint would be the slow service. There seemed to be only one waitress for the entire restaurant! I would go here if I wanted to take my time and socialize. The food was good and the staff was friendly. Our waitressed worked her tail off so I blame management for the slow wait. I'd go again for sure. Maybe just order takeout next time though! (only because I have impatient little ones)" Service is good. If you don't like coffehouse-type music  friendly staff and a lot of regulars at the bar.  Live music on the weekends.  The only problem I have is that they close a bit early for weekend nights The live music is fun and they change musicians enough to allow for conversation in between singers.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because of the sporadic service." this place is good food great price but closes to early 9pm weeknights service is great and lots of selection of beers on tap  which is really nice for watching football on Sundays. They also have a pool table  then Fatso's likely rates as a 4-star drinking establishment.  Maybe 4.5 if the music is good."  so I thought Id try it. Let me say that any chain pizza place has better pizza than fatso's. Any name brand self rising frozen pizza is better as well. This place has lots of beer on tap. Probably to get you can get drunk so you can eat this garbage!"  making this better than the typical non-Chicago pizza." "This is a fantastic place for the family to get great pizza.  They are extremely friendly and attentive here.  We had the thin crust pizza.  It was hot  plus they have lots of 'Golf' memorabilia all around the place and I love golf  and there were no puddles of orange cheese grease on top. I just had my leftover slice for breakfast and it was just as good the next day. If I'm ever in the neighborhood again I will definitely come back."  sausage and garlic is one of my favorite pies in all of Phoenix.  So good and so addicting!  I pretty much stick with that when eating at Fatso's.  I tried their wings and the Big Johnson specialty pizza.  Wasn't really a fan of either  but this place was awful!  The service was horrible.  The bartender was the only server and he basically ignored us the entire time and was laughing it up with the regulars at the bar.  I could have over-looked that.  But the food!!  OMG!  The pizza was most definitely either microwaved or frozen.  The crust was literally like cardboard Fatso's is one of my favorite pizza places - I highly recommend the Pan Big Johnson. Prices are reasonable and on retailmenot.com there is ALWAYS a 15% coupon in circulation (just in case you don't live in the area). Try it - it's unreal! Great beer selection and good pizza.  Appetizers leave something to be desired but the good service and live music make it worth coming back.  way over priced. I had coupon for a pizza and 20 wings all I asked was for them to do half honey bbq and half hot and they wouldn't budge. I ended up buy 1 medium 1 large and 2 dozen wings it cost 50 dollars. I will settle for Dominos or even red devil  treat yourself to a Fat Cookie.  It is100% worth the thousands of crunches you'll need to do to work it off!"  this is a fine spot for watching football and enjoying dinner. Personal sized pizzas allow everyone to get what they want (versus having nasty peperoni grease make it's way onto my half of the pizza Good food good time love the pizza  but they won us over! It's my favorite local pizza and the servers are like family. We enjoy the live music too. We're fans of the Hawaiian pizza and the Carnivore pizza. Worth checking out..." This place is disgusting. From the food to the place I would not recommend this to anyone. Except for my enemies.  so they decided to celebrate where it all began. They are regulars and it shows as the entire party was waited on hand and foot. They have a ton of different pizza options and their salads are big enough to share. Not to shabby if I do say so myself. I will have to come back again soon and try some other options as well as the secret  menu of wings for those that like them extra spicy like me."  they miss my street (Union Hills) by ONE LIGHT!!! So I will forever have to pick up my delicous food "Live music the night we visited  is always totally friendly. Solid Craft Beer Selection with 10 or so taps.  Why don't they make their apps?..Music is good as well  but they usually have the same groups.  One of my favs in the (51) Corridor."  I think you'll love Fatso's Pizza because it's totally reminiscent of Red Baron pizzas you'd find for $5 at Walmart.  I'm not going to go deep into what was wrong simply because everything was bad about the darn thing.  I ended up just leaving 75% of it there and paying my bill.  It's not the waitress fault and I tipped her Worst pizza I have had in a long time.  Ordered the so called deep dish.  If you like thick doughy crust with absolutely no toppings you may be thrilled.  It was terrible.   All you get is undercooked crust.  What a waste of $21 bucks. Hope to see you there." Previous delivery experiences have been better. Which is the only reason they get 2 stars." They offer live music Fri and Sat nights and Thursday is open mic night. All in all a great place to grab a beer (they have 20 on tap and a few that rotate monthly)  or fun night and you can be ensured that the service is decent despite the number of patrons versus servers. We came on a Monday football night and only 2 people were working. We never felt neglected. The food was decent and I would come back just for the comfortable atmosphere. I normally don't give 4 stars to restaurants that aren't food worthy  good pub food and good company. Great place on a Friday night for live music."  and its like a bread stick part) ... it was tasteless ... but the overall pizza was fantastic :)" "Have been a regular here for years. Just ordered 48 dollars of food to go. We asked for 2 extra ranch dressing.  The bartender re ran our card for the extra dollar.  Seems awfully cheap.  The pizza and wings are already overpriced.spoke to the owner about the charge and he couldnt care less.  We come here 2 or 3 times a month and spent 50 bucks a pop. Never again . I dont understand why an owner would tell a customer tough shit  and the pizza and wings are always good.  It is one of my go to places for a casual dinner out." This was a great local hangout. Delicious thin crust pizza (we had the Big Johnson) and inexpensive beer. Tonight they had a fantastic guitar duo. Really fun to hang out and see the locals and watch a game or two. i might bump them up to 3 stars if I ever visit the bar and it's fun "Great naked wings I suggest the honey hot sauce.  The Redeye beer from Lumberyard is very good and the service was great The meat lovers pizza is awesome! Not necessarily the best New York style pizza what they do a pretty damn good job on their special pies . "We used to come here with the kids starting in 1996. They are now all grown and moved out so some how we stopped coming here. Last week out of the blue we went back. Same great service  specialty bombers and great pizza.  Also Pizza is good and you can't beat the beer selection.   Theirs wings have a good sauce also.  great beer selection and the awesomely tasty and huge sandwiches. It's definitely a place where ""everyone knows your name"" if you come often enough. Super friendly."  4 stars for their service and beer menu. I enjoy eating here though it is not the tastiest joint in town  and the wings? Eh. Nothing special. Standard wings you get anywhere. Hot sauce wasn't so hot." You can go wrong here. This is the place for a good pie!  They bake their wings too. Yum! Great pizza! 20 beers on tap! The owners and staff are super friendly. They have been here 20 years...that says something Outdoor seating also. Overall experience was okay. Probably would not run back"  not the best. Kinda pricey... The staff is super friendly  you won't be disappointed.  They now have a patio area too for when it gets cooler"  the atmosphere great. The pizza tastes sweet like someone's family recipe suggested they add sugar. Wow  awesome beer selection and owners that make a point of remembering your name when you come in." "First time coming to Fatso's pizza and we receive and unwelcoming vibe from the waitress. She had no costumer service and she made it seem like she definitely did not want to be at her job. Very empty and lonely place. The pizza was cold once it was handed to us. She did not come back to ask if we were doing okay  we are only able to manage 1 slice each and take the rest home.  The food is consistently good and the service is great.  Some nights they have karaoke night so it can get a bit loud.  But if it's bothersome "We always come here! I love the giant salad. Their ranch dressing is delicious. Their wings are really good as well! They have sports on TV's everywhere "I'm not sure how or why some people give these bad reviews since we've never had anything but a great time.  We live right in the neighborhood and I'm guessing have been here 15 to 20 times. The pizza is great. I love the thickness of the regular (thin-ish) crust  it's the bees knees! I just moved back from California and you best believe this was my 1st pizza stop!!! YUM!" u5o4H8h0sIVhqa8Lcusi5g "Awesome pizza has the pan deluxe it was amazing will def be coming back!  The aptmosphere  is great small private the staff is so friendly!  The wings are baked not fried  awesome calzones AND a sports bar feel!! Well sort of. Live music on occasion as well for your pleasure. A great local place!"  maybe just get the cheese. The bar area looked like a lot of fun! I want to go with my boyfriend once a game is on that I care about! ;) Service was great and they use your name a lot  I'm hooked. This place has a completely unique taste and I love it. Strongly recommend the Great White. I'm craving it now Was hoping for good pizza but it was average at best. Not a fan and we won't be ordering it again. Delivery was a typical amount of time (30 minutes or so). Sadly not as good as some other pizza chains. Sounds like it's better to dine in. Good food but very rude staff. Opened 15 minutes late on our arrival and just told us to wait outside until they finished cleaning restrooms. Not really what you expect to hear when arriving to eat lunch. I am posting this for the pizza connoisseurs. If you are going for the bar it looks like they were doing a great job." u5o4H8h0sIVhqa8Lcusi5g  good service and so CLEAN!! Friendly staff and patrons - Good music and it didn't drown out the conversation. I was surprised at how good the pizza was - but a friend from back East recommended it - which is saying a LOT! Bring the family or come as a couple - either way they make your seating work for you. Will def be back!"  and handled was off. And the ranch was runny; nothing special."  waitstaff amazing. We order one a week take out. my annoyance is with the hostess and the appearance with the place. Hostess will randomly hang up on you on phone orders when asked more detail on the menu items. Make sure to not ask questions about the menu items if a female answers. Just order it. She does this when they are busy  thin but not ""cracker"" thin pizza with loads of toppings. We got pepperoni and black olive. We also got a Chef salad which was delicious -my other half only complained about ""iceberg lettuce"" but he is a salad snob (loves micro greens). Lastly Horrible pizza . Could not even force it down . Buyer beware . I would have  no stars but app had me check one to complete review Always stop by when im in the area.  Great pizza and sandwiches.  Super cold beer..great draft selection..friendly fast staff ....wings are baked not fried..super good flavor... cool lil spot fir a quick beer ir a big dinner...good prices too...even have pacman and centipede lol What we did like though was the wings and the atmosphere.  Wings were just the right level of spicy for both myself and the wife (medium) and were crispy and came out nice and hot.  Women's soccer was on and the place was packed.  Lots of tv's and a nice local crowd.  Plenty of beers on tap Never going back and thanks once again home made food much better. Safer wonder what Maricopa county health department will say about the pictures I took"  makes this a Top Must Try in Phoenix. Oh and live music on the weekends if your looking for something to do! Oh and Mrs. Pack man and Centipede arcade games WHAT! @ontheroadeats @FatsosPizza www.ontheroadeats.com"  sometimes they are made quick with a lot of lettuce stems. The pizza is pretty incredible. I don't eat pizza often but when I do it has to be phenomenal Plus they deliver in the evenings.  Did I mention this was my favorite?  Highly recommended!" "Worst service ever. Told 30 minutes for delivery. An hour later I had to call in and ask what happened. Told them to cancel my order. Regardless how busy they can get Our waitress was outstanding!!  I almost got carded!!" Make you fill at home" Can't wait to come back to stay longer!" Weekends they have a live band which sets a cool vibe while dining and I really like the desert here as well. Cant go wrong :)" Great food and beer! Great service! Can't say this enough. The wings are fantastic. You can tell these people take pride in everything. "My wife and I just went to Fatso's for the 2nd and LAST time recently. We sat at the bar and the 3 ""gentlemen"" (one was a high school coach) who sat on the other side of my wife carried on an audible conversation laced with numerous ""F"" bombs. The bartender/owner said nothing as these ""gentlemen were regular customers. To top that the pizza we ordered was tasteless and the crust was more like cardboard. After we each ate a small piece  hometown atmosphere about it. We got a half and half Hawaiian and carnivore pizza. Both yummy and covered in toppings. I definitely feel like a ""fatso"" after eating here. Portions are huge Love this place. Best baked wings! Their pizzas are unique and delicious.  My boyfriend has to stay away from gluten and he loves their gluten-free crust.  Don't even get me started on that cookie dessert yum! Great little place to grab a pint and a pizza!  This place reminds me of the Clover Leaf Tavern back home in Tacoma WA.   So far all the pizza's we've tried have been amazing!  they know how to create an atmosphere that makes you more than okay with waiting maybe a little longer for your pizza and wings. From what I'm aware of they have a live band that comes on the weekend. The pizza and wings are great and I would recommend this place to anyone."  and fair priced. It has a nice mom and pop feel to it and the place is almost always hopping. Easily our favorite pizza joint when you want a comfortable My only complaint was the salad dressing was nothing spectacular but other than that 