 you mean this is the same exact review for http:  www.yelp.com biz p-s-from-aeropostale-pineville#hrid:8cycFTIbYWZ9X9z841mq_g src:self" "The store seems to be on the small side. Merchandise is really crammed in there. Aisles are not wide at all. The check out line was long with nowhere for it to go. It basically snaked through the aisles  "I could not believe how filthy this store was. The employees could have cared less as well. As 3 people stood in line "One of 2 locations in the Charlotte area if you're looking for inexpensive slightly used kids clothing I'm going to keep giving my business to KidtoKid on Park Road. The girls that work there are usually friendly. The store is pretty and has WAY WAY better clothes then Once Upon A Child. And I've never had to wait longer than 45 minutes. Don't sell your clothes at Once Upon A Child  I would not go into again. Especially Pineville. They  have always have an excuse why they can't ""accept"" something. I swear I think they read off a list under the counter. Why are they in business? Maybe they don't want to buy top end stuff and would rather have a junky store. Try some of the other locations in Charlotte before this one." After visiting Once upon a child 2 years ago and having horrible service I decided to give it another try. I had some great stuff to sell and needed winter things for my children. I walked in 5 girls stood behind the counter not one offered to help. When I finally spoke the girl that came to help let me know she didn't want to. I nearly had to beg for a pen. She told me it would be 30 minutes.  I shopped around literally bumping into the workers who were chatting all over the store. The same girl asked me more than 10 times in the almost 2 hrs I waited if I wanted to checkout. I explained 3 times I was still waiting and several people had came after me and now left. The girl resonded they were really busy. Ummm...you are talking and one out of 5 is going through the buy bins and she stops to talk to everyone of the other workers every 2 minutes. They were SLOW and rude and constantly wispered and gave nasty looks. When they paid for my stuff the girl pretty much threw my money down. I laid everything I was going to buy down. I will never return!  but not much business taking place. I was sorely disappointed and left with a bag full of items that will go to Goodwill. Once Upon a Child needs to show ""a little"" regard for their customers and their time."  so I wait to buy clothes then. I end up paying a couple dollars more per item than I would at this store  I bought a like new Bumbo seat for $10 and a play bouncer for $35. Go ahead and spend $40 for your Bumbo and $180 for your play bouncer....seriously. The older kids clothes- like 3 and up- aren't terribly great but I've found a few things It is important to note that this will not be a quick stop.  The organization for a lot of the items makes my brain hurt.  The onesie wall is sorted by COLOR.  Insanity.  Not size 