There are tons of stuff for them to do.  There is also a nice variety.  Something for everyone.  Even my wife and I were entertained.  The price of admission was well worth it considering movies are about $10 for only 1-2 hours.  We were there for at least 5 hrs and it didn't even feel like it.  The best was there were activities that left you with free ""souvenirs"".  We left with various art creations that the kids made that were really cool."  in the sense that everything in kids' lives are sanitized and over protected.  Not this place.  They've left in enough potential hazards to make it very interesting." Beyond that there are always cool displays up in the rest of the museem. Bottom line: Great for adults and kids alike Lots of fun for kids - big and small.  Good place to spend a rainy afternoon! really great place to bring kids. brought my 2 year old here on vacation and she had a blast. Her favorite parts were the painting room and the water room. a must visit if you have kids.  but you can park on site for $5." We will visit so many more times. The staff is all very nice and helpful."  so things I saw are probably not there anymore.  But the interactive exhibits are all about participation.  If it peeked my interest The changing exhibits are great as well.  I like knowing that most times there is going to be something new for us to check out.  If you live in Pittsburgh and have young children seriously consider a membership. It is worth it!" "Affordable and fun. Our children (ages 4 and 2) absolutely love it! Although three hours away  I did find it very cool to see Mr. Rogers' puppets in the cases - never thought I'd see King Friday in person." q50tpzOkywkdHun3X52USg "A great time for grown-ups too!! I came here for a team-building event and was impressed with all the different interactive displays the museum offers. Also This place is amazing from top to bottom. 2 hours down we are still here. I have so many happy memories from this place A favorite museum! Art studio and other inquiry-based children's exhibits are a must-see! We would recommend this attraction to anyone visiting the Pittsburgh area with kids." Miss the ball room w  the music and disco ball. Please bring that back!!!"  and a membership is totally worth it if you will visit with two adults and one child 3x in one year; you even get reciprocal admission to many science and childrens' museums nationwide!"  but this would be a great place for birthday parties after I read their birthday brochure."  if an exhibit opens try to see it early. Simply because kids tear shit up. We went on the opening day of Clifford and by the final week props were missing and there were kid bite marks on Clifford's bones o.0 ." My favorite thing about this museum is the ""funhouse"" slide area. My nephew loves this slide and loves the anti-gravity feel when he is inside. It's too fun!" "Play time!! Brought the little man here for a day of fun and adventure. Walking in you are greeted with bright and inviting colors. We went over to the ticket area with a big sign that says HI (can't miss that) and got our tickets and of course did what most parents with young children do we headed to the bathroom. Next we went into the art room. My son headed right to the paint area. There are little aprons so children don't get paint all over there cloths. After clipping on a piece of paper my son proceeded to make his master piece. Once done we placed his artwork one of the drying racks. Then continued to a room that had sowing machines woodworking and several other stuff. This area my son (4) wasn't as into so we continued on but not before his dad connected on the electrical stuff together to turn on on the little lights and all the trinkets work. Next there was a little area with a slide and some other interesting stuff. It reminded me of the its a small world ride at Disneyland. Just a little creepy with all the dolls and such. The next room was my sons favorite!! There was a huge slide a parachute thing "Buy a membership!  Your kids will love this place.  We still haven't visited every section yet  for us it saved $54. The third floor is the place to be so remember to take your swimsuits along because the entire room is a water feature for the kids to play. The staff here were very friendly and considerate and helpful." Unfortunately we only got to spend a couple of hours on Black Friday here but we had a blast.  The art room on the first floor is so cool  It was my daughter's first art project and we got to take it home.  We rushed past some of the other exhibits displays activities but we got to play with lights and sand before going to the bunce zone.  My daughter had a blast throwing the ball around and playing with the magnetic track next door.  We will definitely schedule in for a longer day next time. -Gfj1gA0Ir07zToO-4fBpw -Gfj1gA0Ir07zToO-4fBpw  I was disappointed that there were no signs explaining the science behind the exhibits. How could they say they do school field trips when there is no explanation of what is being learned? We will not be back. We feel like our money was wasted."  and Seattle and now Pittsburgh.  I love how they all seem to embrace to norms and environment in which they're located.  I was really impressed with the amount of space in the Pittsburgh Children's Museum.  There is ample space and staff to accommodate lots of busy children and their parents.  The exhibits are really unique...  Very different than other museums.  I really "Our 3 year old absolutely loves the children's museum! We visit frequently. Bring a change of clothes shoes for the waterplay area! The food is a bit pricy and not too great And we love the photo booth in the cafe that prints 2 photo strips!"  even for me! We took our one year old and I was worried that there would not be much for him to do. But I was wrong. There were many things for him to put his little hands on and explore. There was even a while floor specifically geared towards toddlers. Awesome!" Wonderful museum for kids. My children have a great time every time! Worth it to get membership because the one day pass is really expensive. "One of the coolest places to take your children in the city! There is SO much to do and they routinely have new exhibits for your little ones to check out. May I recommend doing the arts and crafts room first So much fun!  My kids loved it.  They have a event room that you can rent out for weddings.  Great location.  We all had a great time! this place is big and Bella our little one loved every minute of our visit!!  but I'm really seeing the fun now that the kids are a little older!" Great day and adventure for children of all ages - only complaint is the price. $13 for a 3 year old?  How long can a young one stay out?  Would be much happier if the young kids were in the $7-$8 range.  but they allow you to bring your own lunch which not many places do anymore. The third floor has the water works  7 and 2 year olds loved spending time here and are anxious to go back. I highly recommend bringing a change of clothes or a bathing suit so the kids can really experience all the waterplay floor has to offer." "Decided to make the trek from Cleveland when I saw that Daniel Tiger was doing a meet and greet to mark the opening of the new Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood exhibit 