 which are free to all members. She has a strong dance background and she's very energetic and easy to follow." "Played a recent tennis match here and the place is really nice. I would dare say is a massive complex behind the trees off Providence Road. Open for membership to everyone of culture and faith "I went as a guest with a member to a series of yoga classes and they were the best yoga classes I've taken!  The facilities were outstanding and the instructor was terrific! If you are looking for a really nice gym to join that offers a variety of classes and excercise equipment A wonderful place to workout and swim - a true vibrant center of culture and Jewish life in Charlotte.  like a few weeks old here.  I can't wait to continue to explore the facility and the great members we've already met.  It's good to find someplace that really makes you feel welcome."  and basketball courts quite often and they are always clean and very well maintained." aYNSdNHLRZBUWUlcpu7i9w  this place is worth it. Take a tour and get in early because they have a long waiting list. Long enough for them to refer parents to other centers just in case."  I know it is hard to choose a place for your child to spend so much time in someone else's care. But you could not choose a better place.  They are rated 5 stars AND have a SUPERIOR rating with the North Carolina Division of Child development." "Very good pre-school. My daughter has learned a lot on the 7 months she attended it. Kim is a great principal and runs the school very well. I just felt there was a high turnover on my daughter's classroom on the last 3 months. She had 3~4 teachers coming and leaving quickly. Also there are a couple of teachers who doesn't seem to be really into taking care of the kids This woman Shannon Goldstein is harboring a known pedophile and picking up young girls to bring to him. Please careful if you know anyone who uses the Yellow Brick Road Preschool in downtown Phoenix as she is the director.  her story doesn't check out at all.  The name of the guy she gave me and story she gave me don't  match up at all.  Yellow brick filed a police report which they showed me.  Yelp does a disservice allowing baseless comments like that that freak parents out.  Kristy you disgust me."  with the tiny Window & medal plate at the bottom of the door. I was than introduced to the teacher who was just sitting at the table with some kids in sweat pants & a sweat shirt. Like seriously? To me the teacher in the classroom looked to be one who doesn't like to be too disturbed.  After the quick glance of the room I was than walked back to the lobby y5ASfpFSJkC5ngVgpCMJuA She's still going there and I love it just as much! the daycare and the woman who take care of my kids do a great job just trouble sometimes with the ladies communicating with each other. Lori on the other hand the administrative assistant is really rude and unfriendly not a fan of her at all. she makes me feel discriminated if it wasn't how wonderful my children are taken care of I would of switched daycares because of her.  and are very attentive to all babies equally. The only thing that is a bummer is that they don't provide soy formula (only milk-based formula). It would've been a nice savings for us since formula/solids are included with the monthly tuition. It's okay... I'm still very satisfied and am happy I found a place that works for our family. Also What an amaZing place! My son loves going to school he hasn't had a day he doesn't want to go. The teachers and directors are wonderful. They do the best crock pot cooking classes! It is just a wonderful and warm atmosp By far the best!!! I moved my kids from a prior daycare I was unhappy until I moved them here!! My kids have improved academically and emotionally since they have been here the staff is great the teachers show my kids so much love I couldn't be happier. Including the location so convenient for me easy to get to. Very much recommended to any parent. "Place is phenomenal! Stellar place to bring my children...I always prepay and never experience any problems. Not sure why Natalis had such a bad experience...must have been having a bad day/week? Myself AND my children always have a pleasant experience My daughter is almost 3 years old now and I couldn't be happier with Kindercare! She is such a social butterfly  and even some evening offerings around the holidays so that parents can go shopping or go on a date while the kids stay at school and watch movies and eat pizza. But by far my favorite thing about this school is that they potty-trained my daughter. This was a real game changer in our house. I could go on and on  I'm the parent that finally put my foot down to this day ares mess. I confronted the owner about my daughter being bullied and he yelled at me in front of everyone including my child because I didn't how careless his staff was then kicked us out like trash! I had never been so hurt for my daughter and offended by someone whose in charge of her well being while I'm at work so I shared my feedback on Facebook about how horrible they were to my daughter and me. Come to find out  said she was being sexual ( which almost made me too angry to deal with) and constantly rolled their eyes while my four year old daughter answered truthfully to my questions. However the fact that my child was being called 'ugly' repeatedly by the same girl and pushed down repeatedly was never addressed. She's an angel at home with no other family or babysitters  Yelp doesn't have a zero star option."  and the issue was investigated and even the first part of my experience was corroborated by the teacher excluding the slap she was still allowed to return to school. I'm disgusted that the eyewitness testimony of a parent would not be deemed critical enough to at the very least be cause to remove the teacher and place her at another institution. I am revenue non-DES assisted customer and deemed pure cash revenue and an active and involved engaged parent. Your teacher is an expense and an over liability. I will do whatever is in my power and rights to ensure that no other child is harmed and that all parents are aware of Childtime's inability to rectify the actions of their sub-par employees." I went in here to check out the facility. Kids were running crazy crying. Hardly any supervision and smelt like urine. Not only that but it's not very secure a stranger could come in at any point. Never enrolled my child. "I called just to get a price and they want all this information that should not be asked just to get a price quota.  I could not even make it through the phone call  BGRPNT_y79TWSYhViUl31A  and my son was more than prepared for Kindergarten. The friends that we have made from this school are some of the greatest people and we couldn't be happier with our choice." I absolutely love this school for my son. The staff are friendly and really take the time to get to know my son and help him to grow. I recommend this place to all my friends looking for a daycare!" So I dont know if they are between teachers or if we just caught them in a bad time or what is going on but thats just too much bad mojo for my family. Not sure where were going next but were leaving here."  but I wanted to share my perspective. I definitely do not think this is a place anyone should be taking their children." "My daughter has been coming here for about 3 years. She started out in the baby room and is now in the 4 year old class. She absolutely loves it here. Its a small facility so all of the children and staff are close knit which makes her feel very comfortable being dropped off each day. I also like that they give you a chip each day when you pick up your child. You then give that chip to your child's teacher. This ensures that someone that is not on your child's pickup list cannot get your child. There have even been a few times that I wasnt given my chip and I went to retrieve my daughter and even though they know me "Awful awful place. I pay cash for my children to attend not paid for through DES and today learned that a teacher(whom i had never seen before) yelled in my daughters face. She is 5. My older son who was also there confirmed what my youngest had said. They have such a high turn over rate when it comes to ""teachers"".  Which i have brought up before to the female owner. Which she DENIED. The 3 months my daughter has attended there have been at least half a dozen new teachers for her preschool class. I am just so done with this daycare. Today was my daughters last day." "I have sent three kids to Desert Dawn and it is truly a special place! Caring teachers who have been there forever  etc that my daughter loves & a big garden where each of the children have their own area to plant. Not to mention goats for the kids to pet. This is a true school for learning where the kids get a lot of interaction. This is NOT a daycare. Desert Dawn & it's staff are the best!" Some teachers have been at desert dawn for years and you can tell they love what they do. Ask for a tour and you will want to be a kid again to have the same experience!!" All of the teachers and helpers are what make this school so outstanding.  Many of them  have worked for the school since it opened (25+ years ago?)  We still keep in touch with Mrs. B My daughter is two and loves this school! We are so blessed to have found Desert Dawn and feel like we have found a new home.  Our daughter is learning so much and comes home every day with a smile on her face.  Everyone at this school is so caring and have done an amazing job giving our daughter a positive experience when it comes to school.  I am a teacher and know the importance to creating a positive first impression when it comes to school.  Every morning she wants to go to school and is already learning her ABC's and has really built her vocabulary.  We are excited to continue our journey with Desert Dawn in the coming years. Love this day care.  They really know how to work with kids.  A great place to take your child for the summer.  They do lots of fun things with them and affordable.  Very affordable. The owners do not care about the children.  If they did they would have done something when the first few parents(ME) came to them with concern." The things that this place was violated for are pretty pathetic.  One time they were cited because the only outside toys they had  were a piece of rope and a taped football.  I think you should do your own research in addition to heeding the advice of my review 