 I'm sure there are a dozen better places on a single block.  But here in Pittsburgh  try China Palace (Shadyside) or Sesame Inn (Station Square or North Hills).  They're quieter  it can be a little crowded and a bit loud.  It's also very dark because of their lighting.  However Save your hard-earned cash." I just don't understand how anyone can like this place.  Even the Yoshida Sauce you get at Sam's Costco tastes better." We certainly will never visit PF Chang's again." I think we will travel elsewhere following a movie.  The result never quite met the anticipation." I would definitely eat here again."  non-chain GREAT Chinese so many wonderful places in the Burgh?!  But average Chinese is better than NO Chinese if gluten is an issue so thank you Mr. Chang!" JDDeaNfb0JXD1NbznSIC9g Always consistent. Never disappointing"  the Moo Goo Gai Pan was average (although I did enjoy the shrimp in it).  Service was fine and decor is pleasant.  For some reason I'm just not in the mood to write a detailed review - please accept my apologies." Obviously the attitude of one idiot who can't hide his bad day well doesn't really have anything to do with the restaurant. But it's soooooo bland! Go somewhere else for Chinese! Look up Chinese on Urbanspoon and it'll give you a variety of good  I've never had a bad time here and love when we go."  we had a great time and would come back here again."  I invariably leave feeling satisfied and full."  we ordered immediately and our server was very friendly. We got the salt and pepper calamari as an appetizer and then the Dan Dan noodles and Shanghai shrimp with garlic sauce. The food came out quick which was a huge plus considering how busy they were. The calamari was okay. I felt like the strips were cut too thin and we should have received more. The Dan Dan noodles were actually very delicious and flavorful. I really enjoyed them and definitely recommend them. The shrimp was cooked well and was also good. Overall I was happy with my first time experience here and would consider coming back if I'm ever in the mood for Chinese American food." LOVE the food!!!!!! Try the bomb pop martini. The service has definitely Gone down hill in the past year. And when I've  told the manger he just doesn't give a shit.  It's either hit Or miss with service. But food is ALWAYS GOOD I think this is an OK place to eat if you happen to be shopping at the Waterfront and don't mind spending a little time over lunch or dinner. If you want to get in and out in a hurry They were also playing 5 year old pop music really loud. Pop music?! Come on--this is an ""Asian Bistro."""  unless of course you are eating microwaved warmed shrimp fried rice. The restaurant is cluttered and the music was up so loud.  I had to yell to carry on a conversation. P.F Chang's in the Waterfront is a unmemorable experience. Maybe I would have better luck microwaving my own meal at home?" My Hot and sour soup is usally served with""noodley"" things that I drop in the soup. We weren't given any ""noodley "" things . Not trying to be a jerk but all things being equal the pfc isn't selling food as much as they are selling an experience. This experience is what sets this restaurant apart." I think our experience may have been different if we were seated at one of the booths along the side of the restaurant Had a combination Orange Shrimp and Chicken and Chicken Fried Rice.  It was typical PF Changs (Very good).  You can get the Fried Rice off the kids menu for $2.95 versus $8 for a big bowl off the regular menu." My daughter & I enjoy  PF Chang's each time we dine there together. I am in Love with the Chicken Lettuce Wraps delicious! It is always a wonderful experience! The only other knock on this location - and it applies to every PF Chang's I've been to - is the insane wait that you'll encounter at dinner time. My wife and I would actually go there more often if we didn't have to wait forever for a table. I love PF Chang's great wall cake still very good - kids will not leave without having it"  look at their giant selection and get excited. then i get my meal and remember that i've never had anything too great. don't get me wrong  and comfy. The only real complaint i have about this place is that the hostess or host whichever is working at the time seems like there doing you a favor by letting you eat at this establishment. The hot and sour soup is the best i have had in Pittsburgh  but tonight was an utter disaster!!  We sat at the bar and the female bartender  was miserable. We ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did.  She spent 20 minutes sending text messages and took 3 smoke brakes in one hour while our drinks were empty. We ordered appetizers and they never came out.  She actually brought us our check and we never got our food. By the way we were the only people at the bar.  Finally a bus boy brought us our food after we payed. We payed before our food came because we thought our table was ready. We finally got seated by the windows. Do not sit by the windows because it was very cold. We ordered our dinner and drinks and guess what no drinks. After our food came we asked about our drinks and the waiter said he forgot. Nothing was comped and no manager was available. This PF Changs needs new management!! We will never return. I will give it 2 stars because the food was great  I would order lettuce wraps for an app and lettuce wraps for your meal.  If you have room singapore street noodles.  The end Below par on every way.  No experience needed to work here"  then proceeded to walk to a dirty table and clean it!  The phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door. When she hung up the phone she walked back to the table and proceeded to clean it again!!  Didn't say a word to us. Unbelievable!  Will not be back there-- rude hostess!" We recently went here for a group dinner with friends.  I am unable to eat gluten and my server (Denice) was knowledgable and brought me special sauces as not to irritate my allergies.  She was amazingly accommodating and when my meal was too spicy (which was totally my fault) she got me something else.  I had the GF beef with broccoli and it was amazing.  She was personable and friendly and went beyond expectations to make sure our table enjoyed themselves.  We were there for a while and were all on separate checks.  I've been to eateries before where that was treated with great disdain.  Never once did I feel unwelcome.  I will go out of my way to eat here again.  little on the loud side but they have turned down the music since the last time we were here so it's much better Good quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef.  Bar service was fast and Efficent.   Good value.  Not a 5 cause dragon eye tea was cold first time around and beef had minor amount of fat.   Fortune was even Postive! I'm reducing a star because of past experiences with service."  but I figure it works for somebody!  I ordered the Ginger Chicken with Broccoli and the meal was quite tasty.  The prices are quite reasonable.  Just as long as you are not looking for authentic Chinese dishes  the food here is horrible. The rice is never cooked properly.. And it's not even Asian food. It's fake asian food. I never come here anymore." I will say make a reservation since it's pretty busy on a weekend!  We got seated quickly with a reservation.  Our server was excellent despite how busy it was.  He was also helpful with recommendations and let me sample a couple wines before picking a bottle.  The manager was also great.  We weren't in love with one of the dishes and the manager came out and talked to us about what we were looking for and gave us a complimentary order of what he recommended.  I will say this - they know how to treat their customers. We'll definitely be back :) I've been to PFC Vegas and PFC NYC - our Homestead PFC definitely beats them both.  So many great little places to try in the 'Burgh  but once we got seated the service was very good. There was always a cold beer in my hand and the food was to die for." I still left with the impression that the serving sizes were small in comparison to most other places "Went here for lunch yesterday with a friend and it was so yummy! Started out with chicken lettuce wraps and it was totally hitting the hungry spot! Lol. Tried chicken lettuce wrap at my places but this place is one of my fave. Their wonton shop is also full of chicken chunks and shrimps as well... which is different bc you don't normally get all that in a wonton soup bowl.  By the time we ate the lettuce wraps and our soups  so he went to get me one with less salt. My husband's dish was OK. then the second one was a bit less salty but the meat had a terrible liver kind of taste which totally turned my stomach. I feel the reason they added so much salt was to hide the bad tasting rotted meat. Very bad experience. Our waiter was kind and sympathetic. ruined my evening out :("  lesson learned. One and done. Never going back to PF Changs." Still good food but I find that more times than not when we go we have to ask for clean dishes or silverware. I have found this whether we are at the Waterfront location or the Robinson location. Maybe they need a new contract with a new appliance company. This is the fourth Changs I've eat ate. It was pretty good. The food was kinda like it had been previously frozen. Had a strange texture. Some of the changs chicken pieces was stuck together and the breading on the sweet and sour chicken was mushy and falling off the chicken. Overall still pretty good. Would eat at this one again. The one bright spot was our waitress was very good and kept our water glasses filled. We just came from kennywood so we went through quite a few fill ups during our time there. Short of this "Our family loves this restaurant.  My children and I suffer from food allergies.   I have Celiac's Disease and their gluten free selection for a Chinese restaurant is great.  My children are a completely different ball game.  They have a rare disease called Eosinophilic Esophagitus where food attacks their body.  They are very limited on their food selctions due to not being able to consume any food with gluten I recommend the fried green beans with aioli  -- soooo good! Who knew I liked green beans?! And this trip I tried some sushi and got the spicy tuna roll. Although it was clearly not pieced together by an expert sushi chef "Excellent beef with pepper and onions. Waiter made a good wine choice. Fastest food delivery They give you such a tiny portion and I got the sweet n sour chicken as lunch and I was still hungry plus my rice was cold would I come Back maybe not "The only thing this place has going for itself is the decor. The food is very Americanized and not true at all of what real Chinese good should look or taste like  dumber and dumbest are running the hostess stand. They gave me 7 different estimates on the wait time  and always an enjoyable visit. They forgot to put in our appetizer order but threw it in for free to make it up to us. A good place to catch a meal if you're down around the waterfront." The service was not that professional!!!!!!" It might be a chain restaurant but this one is one of the strongest links in the chain!"  and the mini-dessert are gone. The food is meh. My broccoli was mushy in the ginger chicken and the sauce was like candy because it was too sweet."  but I  recently visited here and had really bad experience. The waitress hardly paid any attention to us. The hostess had to like help her. I even wanted to order a to-go...but I couldn't find her  the food was tasteless and the portion sizes smaller than lunch sized portions. We were there before the dinner crowd started so the lack of service or food quality can't be blamed on a busy time. Don't think we will be going back there." Very rarely do  I eat dessert.  I love their  pineapple coconut ice cream.  There banana sprung rolls are good  not exceptional but good. They are trying a new menu with tacos for breast cancer awareness.  A nice thought but they should stay in their wheelhouse which is Asian. Obviously stick with what you know..." Not a happy customer. Not going back. Not going to recommend it to anyone." "Disappointing :( I expected more out of PF Chang's. All I can say is that there is better Chinese at a non chain place  no one ever came over""and we went to Bravo and had a great lunch! I like PF Chang's in general but if the 2 hostesses watched us sit there for 15 mins I have no idea why they didn't do something. I won't be going back here anytime soon." PF Chang's consistently provides good Chinese in a trendy (but still casual) atmosphere at a decent price  way out of his way to make up the experience. I really can't thank Sean enough for making sure we left in a good mood after what could have been a very negative experience. Heaven knows that a positive tone is ESSENTIAL going into the holidays with family!" It will most likely be a very long time before I return. My only regret is I cannot leave a 1 2 star rating." Food was good. Service was super fast. We had to wait about 20 minutes even at 8:30 a night. Super packed on the weekend. Drinks are on the higher range.  I already know the answer to that - we would have turned around a gone somewhere else.  Then the manager came over and apologized.  I mentioned to him that it might have been nice to be warned about the heat (as I sat there in my coat).  He seemed to agree with me "My wife and I ate here on a Saturday night.  The place was packed and we waited for an hour for a table.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  The food was above average oriental cuisine.  We enjoyed egg rolls (best part of the meal)  the cook used way to much pepper on the rice. Chicken was very tough. So then some college kids end up sitting behind us My girlfriend and I just ate here this was my first time eating at PF Changs but I had heard very good things about this restaurant. Starting with the service the server did not ever tell me his name I am also a waitress so I expected good service to begin with he was very quiet and when we did receive our food he never came back to ask how it was he was not very attentive at all however we both work in the service industry so we decided to give the food a chance since that's what we had come here for. My girlfriend got an appetizer of the edamame and the fried green beans the edamame was very Bland and needed seasoning the green beans were not spectacular although she did say that she enjoyed the sauce. for entrees I had the sweet and sour chicken I have had sweet and sour chicken from several other Chinese restaurants including take out and I was very displeased with the sauce and the poportion I've had better for cheaper. My girlfriend had the chicken fried rice which was fine but it's also a very easy dish overall we rated this restaurant with one star because we did not even care to stay for dessert even though the desert did look appetizing. I am pretty disappointed in my first experience I don't think that I will return again but you never know  but will definitely ask for less or no salt  the gluten free Mongolian beef was good.  The lemon chicken was tough and too thick.  The fried rice had no eggs and wasn't hot.  Overall  our P.F. Chang experience have gone from excitement to just a periodic visit with out-of-town guests - and the uneven food and service experience is not likely to encourage many re-visits." "One of the more embarrassing chains around. Basically a culinary minstrel show. Make-believe ""Asian"" food served alongside alcohol to full the senses They have a full bar with TVs blaring. Located near Barnes and Noble at the Waterfront it wasn't too crowded so we were able unwind and enjoy a nice lunch at a decent price." Great food. I've come to love Pf Chang's when it comes to Chinese food. Never disappoints me. Always a 5 5. The PF Chang's experience has transformed into more of a drive though than quality food. Our meal service took over 2 hours and each couple had to return at least one item to kitchen (appetizer or main entree).  I've been to other franchise location which are spectacular this location ""not so much""."  and based on all these reviews I almost didn't go this time. But it was awesome! No complaints at all."  but I don't like having to always drive into the city for decent sushi.  I recently discovered this place just a couple of miles from my house located in the suburbs.  I've tried it twice now.  The first time I was a little nervous about trying the sushi... again "This has always been my favorite Chinese Restaurant in the Pgh area. Food is consistently very good - General Tso's is tender Only go here if you have a death wish or are a practicing masochist."  the food was wonderfully prepared. I consider Tai Pei one of my favorite spots!"  as there are so many places that serve sub par food.  This is not one of them.  I will definitely be going back."  tasting the same. But the place ok for a one time trial. The waiter barked back his responses but I think my kids spoke softly so I let it slide. The worst part are the prices. Never have I paid $2.5  one oily spring roll tasting below average or $2.5 for a Pepsi! are you kidding me. Then rice noodles with three pieces of chicken for $14  every aspect (besides our weird waiter) was great.  My food tasted very fresh  but it's no more expensive than going to China Palace in Shadyside (one of my favorites)."  and they use massive amounts of MSG. I got terrible MSG poisoning from Tai Pei and ever since then Consistently excellent.  I enjoy their sushi and know when I get a chicken dish I don't have to guess if it is eatable always good white meat.   I typically do take out and it is well worth the drive I used to go here as a child. I remember the sushi was always good. Maybe that is the thing to order!" "Went for a late lunch.  We were seated right away.  We had sushi which was very fresh and delicious; Basil Chicken was mildly spicy but very flavorful. As an appetizer we did have the vegetable steamed dumplings which were very tasty and full of vegetables but we both thought the dumpling dough was a bit thick  but I felt like the food was just ""okay.""  Nothing to brag boast about.  Prices are fair.  Maybe so many groupons because not enough people are raving about it?" "Most dishes on the menu are American style Chinese food. Not a bad choice if you just want to have a quick bite at lunch time. I felt that the food there is a little pricier than it should be. Aside from these I do recommend their basil chicken Will definitely be back." "Excellent Chinese food.   Every time we have ordered take out from here Good food.  Quick delivery.  *CAUTION*  The $2.00 delivery charge is not listed on the menu.  SURPRISE...It's listed on your bill.  *CAUTION*   A tad pricey.  Oh yeah..I live in Pittsburgh now... But besides that we decided to go for two sushi rolls. The first was the lobster roll which was delicious! And the portion size was big. Second was the Figu or Fugi roll with crab and tuna! The crab salad they served on the side was fantastic was our favorite thing of the meal! Most definitely would recommend the sushi as for the other dishes not sure of but everyone in the place was raving about their rolls..."  and couldn't make up her mind about getting a f&^%ing iphone 5....i know all this because she wasn't shy about letting everyone in the restaurant hear her  but still had a kick to it. Nothing was over priced and we weren't waiting forever for delivery. Will definitely visit the restaurant in the future!"  and plenty of their other dishes. The atmosphere is also great and the service is very friendly. I would definitely recommend Taipei if you're craving Chinese and sushi."  defying the owners' claim of ""no msg.""  The sauces were unnecessarily thick --- have they not figured out that Americans have moved far beyond old-style gelatinous Asian cuisine  but our home is clearly marked and we've never had problems before). I handed her the money and told her I wasn't giving her a tip then and she LOST IT. I closed the door and she walked away. What in the actual heck? You guys lost a customer forever and I'll never recommend you to anyone. That was insanely rude." The best place in town for Asian cuisine & sushi. A little nicer than typical sushi places. A must place for me to eat when I'm home from college. "I was really excited to try the food here but unfortunately when I called to order the employee was rude right off the bat. When I asked about their vegan options  but not it is just a subpar Chinese restaurant.  Food is just meh....from the Hot and Sour soup to the General Tso's."  it's probably the worst I've ever had. Ordered delivery and the food came hot and the prices are a lot higher than other places. I expected at least decent and I was extremely disappointed. This place barely uses any flavor other than salt and msg. The meat is low quality... Ugh there's just nothing good to say about this place. It was terrible and I heard that this place was shut down temporarily because of some complaints about food poisoning. Unfortunately I heard after I ordered. I implore people to try somewhere else. This place is nearly inedible."  but the portion sizes are huge. This makes the prices a bit more bearable because you're getting a lunch and dinner out of the meal. I'm just not that excited for my lunch. There's not much left to say. Maybe we will go back to try the sushi? We will see!" "This was my first time at the restaurant in many years.  It is attractive and comfortable.  The staff is friendly and the service was efficient.  My General Tso's tofu was tasty This place has been going steadily downhill for the past 5 years or so.  I will not order anything from this place ever again.  Go to Sesame Inn in North Hills and other locations.  At least they are consistently good."  not choice of soup AND egg roll. Ended up not mattering as the hot and sour soup was the best I've had in years. Then when my orange chicken was served I was dold. The sauce was sweet  quantity of meat vs. veggie ratio in dishes. They are cheaping out because they can afford to. The 15238 zipcode ensures their continued success because wealthy SAHMs will be going to their private pilates class and leave the nanny with 80$ to get Chinese delivered. Everything is a la carte. I'm not sure its all made in-house anymore. Since new management several years ago The basil chicken is the best I've ever had In Pittsburgh! They also have fabulous sushi too!!!  not at all greasy.  My main course was Hunan shrimp which I requested extra spicy. It was very good with plenty of large shrimp.  I would definitely go back and recommend to others." They always know my name - when I walk in it's ""Hi Jessica"" - whether i am eating there or getting take out.  The staff is always super friendly.  I go out of my way to go get take out from them because I like it - THAT MUCH.  Give them a chance  but it had the texture of fat. Makes me queasy just typing it and thinking about it. It. Was. Awful! Never again." "Food is adequate but service leaves something to be desired. Had a reservation for 14 people made well in advance and when we arrived on time no arrangements had been made by staff. After a lengthy wait we ended up sitting at separate tables. No quality checks performed by our server or management and our server was unable to answer very basic questions about the Japanese beers bring offered. When your beer list consists of less than 10 beers  especially their lunch special which also comes with soup or an egg roll. I love the fried noodle chips they serve before ordering. Everyone I've brought with me has always loved it as well!" "The order was timely and the food was good. I have had better sushi "The Chinese food and sushi always tastes amazing but I do have a few complaints about the staff. The lady who usually answers the phone to do delivery calls is very rude and makes me not want to order from them. The other lady who delivers the food is VERY strange but she means well. Sometimes she iss on the phone  VERY EXPENSIVE! Total for the above was $24! Beware of the delivery guy who will try to scam you for a bigger tip! I gave him $30 for the $24 order and asked for $2 back (which would give him a generous $4 tip in addition to the $2 ""deliver fee""). He claimed he didn't have any one dollar bills. (Dude  when I go to restaurant I'm looking for good food to back that up. Not sure we will be back."  as the options around the office park can be slim... so we decided to switch it up from our regular Chinese restaurant delivery and give Tai Pei a try.  I think we've found a new favorite!  The first thing I noticed was how polite the girl on the phone was when taking our large order. When I called back 30 minutes later because I forgot to tell her we had a coupon for a free appetizer  it's just a massive amount of average tastes.  The one thing you cannot question is the value proposition.  Go have lunch "I love this place the food is so yummy and the fresh sushi is mwah!  anything you want just ask him and he will make it for ya.  I always go with the intention of just eating sushi "I have taken my Love and the two kids here four times now.  Our youngest loves this restaurant.  It is becoming a regular stop for us almost weekly.  We have learned that it is more enjoyable on weeknights because it is less crowded than weekends Reasonable pricing for all you can eat. Delicious Chinese food. The sushi is Great! Tony is a real friendly guy. He'd make exactly what you ask for and pretty quick too. He even remembered my sister who haven't been here in over two months.  they are always refilling your drink (sometime way sooner then you want them to)" Enter at your own risk!"  but I'm not a sushi fan so I didn't try it so I can't say much about it.  They also had the standard Americanized dishes too.  They did a good job of bringing out fresh food.  Like any buffet the quality is going to suffer over a sit down place  and well worth the quick drive from Rock Hill. Tony is a fantastic sushi chef This is a great place to come and have lunch once in a while if you work in the area or have kids who want to try Chinese or have sushi lovers (not snobs) who want good sushi for free. But this is not the type of place that you will be making special trips to visit. Try to avoid dinner as it gets rather expensive without any appreciable additions to the buffet."  I even ate a whole squid thingy. Not bad. You can definitely find SOMETHING you like there. And a plus  when they should be hot. Disappoined overall. Not clean We have always left most Chinese buffets feeling all bloated with all the sodium but we did not have that problem here. Other than that it is your typical Chinese buffet. Good flavor with plenty to select from. Could have been a little cleaner but I see with the amount of people there that it would be hard to keep up with especially with all the kids. All in all it was good and we would go back.  the sushi table was clean and fresh with a reasonable selection. Better than most others in the Charlotte area." the price is great for the variety of food.... Love the sushi bar in the back.... Food has variety. However it is definitely not worth $11. Cleanliness is an issue. Sushi is okay. Like all other chinese restaurants here also the attendants and waitress have little attitude issue - so I guess thats standard. Overall do visit once. Regular basis for sure no. China Buffet is a little expensive for lunch even with a coupon.  I guess if I loved sushi this would be a great value.  I definitely will go again when I have a coupon but be firm in where I wish to be seated as the booths are just too big of a hassle when trying to get to the buffet and around the army of employees." "This place is absolutely filthy. We were here last year and we decided never to go back but we thought we'd give it another try. Went for dinner tonight and was disgusted. There was old dried up rice under the tables against the wall just piled up. Wet napkins were wedged under our booth seats. Under the buffet lights  it's worth the price and just avoid the buffet." "Great sushi ! Not so great waitress staff . Mostly cold expressions and unfriendly  attitudes . The sushi chefs are great ! Very friendly and always accommodating.  This is a great place to eat if you know how to pick and choose food - otherwise you may be very disappointed - soup is good - fruit is good and all you can eat sushi for 10.00 is definitely worth it - don't count on waitress to factor into the experience...You'll do fine . They will stand in your way- step out in front of you - and overall just stare like you are their enemy until time for the check Tips:ask Tony at the sushi bar for a crazy roll! If you like egg drop soup you will want to skip it here  but the sushi is the best around. For the buffet price you get a WIDE variance of fresh made sushi. No committment to anything. Just as much as your tummy holds. I was skeptical at first but I go there often now. I went to sushi 101 tonite n was missing the buffet  And the ice cream at the end." Did not like it. Luke warm food that was not appetizing or tasteful. Not the cleanest establishment.  and it was uncomfortably warm inside. 25 dollars for two that I'll never see again. Don't think I'll be back."  yet most of the dishes lacked freshness and especially the craw fish which were obviously frozen and had been reheated several times. The tail meat had shrunk into a grey mess of rubber. We had several attentive waitresses who continually offered to refill my drink. Awesome I thought. Getting half way through every beverage and having it refilled was refreshing. Until I arrived at the cash register and was charged a full glass price for every top-up. STEALING from your customers is not a great idea China Buffet. Toward the end Maybe I will update this. Twenty mins to close but was told that the kitchen was closed. Not going for it. Asked for the manager and would you believe that the manager is in China ? Asked who was running the store and would you believe that I miraculously got my order taken. Will let you know what happens.  and plates. The food on the buffet was cold and tasted old. The odd food selections are maybe a cross between southern style and fake Chinese. Wasn't impressed." Definitely the best value in the area as far as Asian buffet goes. Just moved in the neighborhood and will be back again and again.  gross inside.  The sushi was  scary looking.  Yes a lot of people was there but I won't eat there again."  this is the best one that i've ever had. The owner is so nice he recognizes us and always gives us a huge plate of sashimi that cost at least $50 at other Japanese rest. He also sends us trays of crawfish to our table. Our whole family loves this place."  I can't seem to figure out why there are so many crumbs on the carpets. Visibly can see 4 servers standing around talking wait for people to finish there plates. They need to be cleaning this dirty restaurant."  Akabana Asian Bistro.....  It is in Fort Mill.  :-(  Now I just need an excuse to go to Fort Mill........" Very nice place to eat. Haven't had a bad experience here yet. Lol!  Sushi chefs are very helpful and eager to please (thats top notch in my opinion). My daughter and I have been coming here since we moved to the Charlotte area.  I think they could use a little updating in dining area but still a pleasant place to eat.  speciality and they all are great. They Buffett food is average but still good and the ice cream machine doesn't always work. The staff is friendly and nice. I recommend this place to anyone that wants all you can eat sushi." "The sushi is well worth the visit. The other food is decent I got explosive diarrhea but was well worth it! I loved the food. It was like most Chinese restaurants but better and a very reasonable price. I'm not a big sushi fan but it looked really good and professionally made. It looked so good I even took a pic of it all. Loved it and I will be back!!!!!! "As many times as i've been here I can't believe I never wrote a review. The sushi is solid. Probably the best I've had in NC. They'll even give u sashimi if u ask & they give u nice sized slices too. Since I moved from this side of town I've been to a few buffets on E Independence & near the university area. Neither had better sushi than this one. The salt & pepper shrimp are also delicious but sometimes needs a little more salt. I come here for the shrimp & sushi. As a matter of fact "It's definitely not the worst I've ever had. Not a very large selection and those that are there are not refilled very fast. And forget about the sushi. Very poor. It has been a few years since I had been there  This is the best Chinese-fare in the city.Served fast and hot by attentive Wait Staff."  but the food is consistently good.  The service is consistently above average.  The best thing I have noticed about this place is unlike many Chinese restaurants IKUVWL75eSoC71G2fBphmA Taipea South is located in the Food Lion strip shopping center behind Burger King and across the street from Lowes (Johnson Road near Highway 51)." "My friends and I were looking for a decent but relatively inexpensive Chinese restaurant and we found it in Taipei South.  We arrived around 730pm and while the place was bustling with patrons "Really cheap for the dining experience. Very good though  and they told us the kitchen was closed. Most restaurants have to serve until their closing time (which was 10pm). Maybe it's just Chinese places that stop serving? I'm not sure. But I'm not used to walking into a place BEFORE they close and being sent away. They lost my business for good. I know I should have called beforehand. I normally wouldn't go to a restaurant that close to closing time  and payed with a credit card. I found out a couple of days later that they took it upon themselves to add gratuity. It was kind of shady business practice so I won't go back."  its kind of hidden at the farthest north part of the parking lot." Taipei South was recommended to me from a friend. We usually dine at The Great Wall and I have to special order my Orange Peel Shrimp because it's not on the menu and sometimes they give me flack. I found my choice item on Taipei South's menu and boy was it cheaper! My meal was large in portion and even came with an egg roll. I must say I was well pleased with the taste of the food and I will be back! The only conceivable complaint I can see being made of this place is that the wait staff can be a bit terse and may make some feel rushed. I choose to interpret this as fast service as they do everything quickly but never make me feel pressed to leave if I linger in conversation after the bill has been paid. I think they just know that nearly all their customers are regulars and figure they know what they want almost as soon as they sit down." Also one biggie for me; the prices have hardly changed in the last 5-6 years at the one I go to on park Rd. The New Tze chicken has been $5.95 as long as i can remember Service: Confused but trying to be helpful." We will continue to eat here and bring family and friends." Never again!  I have been ordering take-out and eating here for many years and it used to be ok for the price but the last 3 times we have eaten here it was absolutley horrible.  My husband and I and 2 children went inside to eat where they stuck us at a table in the back corner where the walls were greasy and filthy.  My husband would just assume not eating it and leaving but I am a little more forward and expect good food when I pay to go out so I went to the owner that usually stands in front of the restaurant and let her know very discretly and  nicely that all 4 of us were unhappy with the quality of food. She then told me that there is NO WAY that I could be unhappy because her food is the best and always fresh.  She very loudly walked to our table and stuck her hands in my sons chicken fried rice and ate it....agreed it was a little dry and would only give us our money back for the 2 cheapest meals although she could clearly see all 4 dishes were untouched.....UNACCEPTABLE and so so UNPROFESSIONAL!!!! Fried rice tasted like it had been sitting there for 10 days and you couldn't taste the difference in my husbands beef with garlic sauce and my hunan chicken.  The chicken wings use to be one of the highlights of going here. NOT ANYMORE.  I read today in south charlotte weekly that they recieved a grade of 90.  They also pulled out the booth right in front of us and were vaccuming as we were trying to taste our food.  VERY rude people and DISGUISTING food.  this place is PACKED for lunch almost ALL the time in the weekdays but the service is incredibly fast and the food comes out quick too so the wait is usually minimal or none at all.  their lunch special is only around $6-$7 so very reasonable and its always delicious i've been there for probably over 30 times for lunch and i've never had a dish i dont like My favorite Chinese restaurant in Charlotte. We've been going here for over 10 years - the scallion chicken is my favorite. The food is always very good and very reasonably priced. I'm puzzled by others' comments on the service - We've always had good service.  cheap Chinese Taiwanese food. I recommend getting anything with the garlic sauce. It's my favorite!"  and shrimp. It was delicious and I will definitely come back and try out different combinations!" Best Chinese food I've had in nc since moving from NYC. I can at least eat it without saying omg I just wasted money  until one day the beef started to taste funny. Then I got food poisoning. Never Again." We will definitely keep coming back!" This place is a good value for the amount of food you get. I love their hot and sour soup. I highly recommend it as a lunch spot but it wouldn't be the first on my list for dinner. Service was great and the prices were just right. I definitely recommend giving this place a try!" Even down to their egg rolls which most places treat it as a throwaway are crispy and perfect.  We go here almost every week and will continue to do so.  Our current favorites are the Hunan chicken and the Orange chicken."  dinosaur-sized portions of non-crappy Americanized Chinese food We eat here at least twice a week. You can't beat the low prices and good quality of food. I generally don't like Chinese....I prefer Thai but their food is so flavorful. I love the chicken with garlic sauce with chicken wings. I know it sounds crazy but the wings are good.  and raved about it for a week after. I went again a few weeks later and ordered something different and again everything was amazing! Their hours are a little weird so make sure you look them up before heading over. My fav is the black pepper chicken. The chicken is perfectly cooked The service is spot on and very quick. I think after we ordered it probably came out in 5 minutes. After all was said and done  but for the entire experience there is one Chinese restaurant in particular in the area that blows this place out of the water!" Really this place just needs to be more hospitable. It would go a LOOONG way. Maybe they're content with where they're at? I'm sure they do fine since they serve good food. But it's no secret friendly and unforgettable service creates a memorable experience for the customer  but ended up eating it there.. which they were cool with.  I would definitely go again for eat-in and or take-out." This is definitely the best Chinese food in Charlotte and may be the best overall restaurant in town. Very inexpensive but quality Chinese food. I've had almost everything on the menu and loved it all. Your food will be out in 3 minutes and you will not be disappointed. The best hole I. The wall Chinese place I've ever had. Great to. Pick up and take home. They are super fast getting your food together and my order is always right! Neighbor told us about this place and we decided to go. Food was delicious and there are a lot of options for things to order. I was actually surprised about the prices of the food. We were there for dinner but I thought they might of given us the lunch menu by mistake. Prices are really good and you get a lot of food. Also ordered togo one time and it was packed nicely and it was also delicious! Wonton soup was good. Chicken wings were nice and crispy. Lomein noodles surprisingly comes with a side of rice lol which was a nice bonus. Eggrolls are good too!!   the people who run this place are wonderful. Always pleasant and prompted." My go to chinese place!  Pork fried dumplings are amazing.  As is everything else I've tried.  Great food for a great price. Good food for an excellent price. Fast and fresh. Dine-in or take-out.  Easy parking. Try it!!!!  delish chinese that's so very affordable. You can get fried wings instead of egg rolls and the wings are so good! The severs works as a team  is usually short. Way better than a normal ""Chinese takeout"" and the food and service is just as good as any fancier dinner setting. Highly recommended to give it a try if you haven't already!"  great portions too.  The service is just excellent as well.  We were there this past weekend and we were amazed how fast we got our food when they packed.  Highly recommended!"  but as I said for speed and price you can't beat this place." Ps - I substituted the chicken wings (2) for the egg roll and they were crispy and tasty (though slightly under seasoned). Nothing a pinch of salt can't fix." Consistently excellent food and fast efficient service.  Drinks are never empty and it literally takes at most 8 minutes for your food to come after ordering.  The place is always packed but they are so efficient you never have to wait long to sit.  is that the dine in service could use some work. They are always extremely friendly but there is an overall sense of being rushed through your meal and to pay your check and leave which is the only The food was fantastic. Well and evenly spiced and quite a large portion for the price. The service was great as well. The man working the main counter was kind and pleasurable. Our food was ready by the time we returned from a quick walk down to the grocery store in the same shopping centre for dessert. Excellent!" Their Sa Cha Chicken is excellent! The veggies and chicken always taste fresh. I go to several Chinese restaurants for take out and usually get the same thing. They are all good but I will say Taipei South wins for best flavored Sa Cha Chicken. Great option in the area - food tastes fresher than most. The ladies are always nice and work together. The food is fast and delicious..... Inexpensive too! Potstickers are recommended. Remember that they are closed from 3-5 between lunch and dinner. Went yesterday after work and there was a line at the door before 5." I also love their hot and sour soup. My favorite part is the crispy noodles they have thicker noodles and they are very tasty in duck sauce." Tucked away in the strip mall is this gem. I Have tried many things on the menu & it's always fantastic. Try the Sa Cha Beef! Very affordable. Dinners are about 7-8$.  it's a cheap fix so don't expect anything mind blowing but you will get a quick "Very solid Chinese food.  Good quality ingredients.  Friendly staff. Ordered the food ""spicy"" but didn't have quite enough kick.  Still very good.  Will definitely return."  sometimes overly so but you get used to it. Ginger chicken is the bomb and best hot sour soup I have had."  sauces and meats as you like. Very tasty.  I will be back."  because the decor and lighting create a feeling of wealth and exclusivity Dead Roach on the Bamboo on my steam dumpling basket. I got up and left. This is the only time i've gotten up and left besides an hour wait at Denny's.  F'ing gross!!  but normally this would not have passed by me.  Though the lunch prices are pretty reasonable  and I've seen them everywhere - it is inevitable that roaches will infiltrate. It's pretty unavoidable. That is disturbing though that it made it all the way onto your plate - a quality restaurant  but with my disdain for this type of food I can only give it a 3." Call ahead for reservations on the weekends! It's super busy!" The Mongolian beef seems to be popular among other reviewers and I have to agree. It's pretty delicious. My boyfriend had the shrimp fried rice p.s. I rated PF Chang's not good for kids because they don't have kids' menus." Never had a problem here-the waiter told me a secret the GF food is always served on round plates and the non-GF is served on square plates."  my meal of Lemon Prawns was bland and unimaginative. The best part of the meal was the delicious organic coffee I ordered. I was highly dissapointed and quite angry I spent so much for so little. I do not see what the big fuss is about PF Chang's I went to PF Chang's for the first time with my family. It was a my brother early birthday gift to my mom. We went to the one located near Northlake Mall. There a giant horse in front of the restaurant. My brother made reservations luckily because that place was pack. I normally don't do Chinese cuisines  but I decided to give this food a try. For a appetizer at the request of my sister in law we had lettuce wrap and it was really. The atmosphere was really good and waiter was really helpful and courteous. I order the short ribs with pineapple rice which by the way came on time alone with everyone else food. It was so good and I also tasted the some of the food my family . Everyone had a taste for different things on menu. I got a sweet tea with my meal and yes it was sweet. I was full and had to get a take out box. My mom got dessert in a shot glass. The waiter brought out a tray with all the different variety of desserts and my mom decided to get the apple pie in a glass. She love it.  a decent price for a lunch meal." I like to go to PFC about 3 times a year.  It is what it is!" Blah...and I'm sad that it wasn't better."  not the usual sticky Asian rice. Such a shame being an Asian restaurant where rice is the main staple and shouldn't be messed up. I find the rice in any Chinese buffet way much better! And actually it seemed like the food we had at PF Chang's were clones of your neighborhood Chinese buffets. We had Mongolian beef because it seems like they said it's one of the best but what I had was a beef stewed in sweet soy sauce with tons of chives. We also had the Cantonese shrimp which was very bland and didn't taste a thing. I say  I didn't realize that it was a family style kind of thing going on but I like that. I always have food envy so I was happy that I got to try other things besides the Orange Peel Chicken that I  ordered. Everything was fabulous......except my fortune in my fortune cookie."  but if you go here expecting great or even authentic Chinese food you will be sorely disappointed"  but I just can't deny how good this place tastes.  And the primary rule is just this- let the flavor rule.  PF's has the flavor." Overall a good dinner."  he was surprised and the cake was Epic World of Warcraft..with people coming from around the restaurant to check it out once the kitchen prepped it..  I hear I got some bonus points for this one :)"  ok food at slightly above average cost." "Somehow this one is the lesser of the PF Chang's that I have tried.  Normally PF Chang's is 5 star.  This one seems to try hard but doesn't quite reach the upper ranges than some PF Chang's I have visited.  Take out is a plus Went here for lunch was busy but food and service were great!!! 4CPrhBc4Ado90fj7PG6jrA  but I don't think I'll be back. When I'm in the mood for some americanized Chinese I think I'll just stick to the takeout place for tastier food at half the price."  and the food presentation was noticeably better than at Northlake.  Our server added several dishes to our meal at no cost to round out our dining experience.  Next time I'm at Changs  but until that happens I'm sticking with Bei Jing Chinese." It is very moderately priced and affordable but the ambiance of the establishment gives you the feel of a more upscale and expensive dining experience.  If you haven't been yet you have to try it!"  3p-6p.  We get a little bit of everything off the appetizer menu that feeds a family of four perfectly."  but the quality of the food is excellent and consistent. I really like their Happy Hour menu. Great little bites of food that taste great and are perfect for that time of evening. Some of their handmade cocktails are really tasty. Nice decor and great vibe. The wait for a table can be long at times. The service can be hit or miss. But I have yet to eat something there that didin't taste and look great." First time at P.F. Changs. Ordered the Salt & Pepper Calamari and was not impressed. A little soggy. For the main I had the Lamb and it was a little better than ok. I always wanted to go to P.F Changs so I guess I was pumped for an excellent meal. Not the case.  however it has become a poor excuse for a restaurant. I wrote the main office" The steamed shrimp dumplings are out of this world!  there is good chinese food in charlotte... or at least something very close to it.   Look for a little place called Wan-Fu at 10719 Kettering Drive."  she did not eat half of it (which she loves). My salmon was dry and flavorless with the filler rice. The waitress did not go over the sauces and that used to be a big service flavor enhancement. The won tons were good. I do not think I will go there again without a gift certificate. Honestly Yes it's a chain and serves non authentic Chinese. Yes it is pretty good. Happy hour has some pretty solid deals.  I will forever stay loyal to PF Chang's and the Great Wall of Chocolate!!!" Overall a good experience but not impressive per se."  even though the service was a little slow the waiter was very nice and we will be back."  a good experience at PF Chang's. I would definitely visit again."  especially because of the fresh berries! For a gluten free dessert you must try the chocoloate dome (also with berries)!" P.S. I've posted pictures of the entrees." Had lunch.  Everything was good.  Great service.  dont go to a chain owned by Americans.  THis is a waste of time and money." Any strip mall Chinese slophouse can do about the same or better.  If you're still on the search for really good Chinese in Charlotte  friends and I really enjoyed ourselves. The waitstaff was excellent. Our food was fresh and delicious and the bar is decent too. I like my experience there and honestly have never had a bad pf changs experience ever." With the overall poor experience we will steer of PFs in the future and look for smaller  along with the lemongrass chicken pan fried wan tons and the Dynamite Shrimp plus a couple others. The lemongrass chicken wan tons were bursting with flavor. The dynamite shrimp were top notch! Very similar to Bang Bang Shrimp at Bonefish but these shrimp are bigger! Plus they got served in a martini glass (nice touch). A big shout out to our waitress  but it was quite good and a nice afternoon with a good friend."  as I am such a fan of authentic Chinese restaurant  food really salty thou and the prices are higher than 'typical' chiense places but the quality is a lot better  then bad. i complained to corporate and they blocked my ip address. do not go there Parking is somewhat of a challenge here but you can always valet if you feel like it.  I suggest it really." "Great experience in previous visit in Orlando so tried this one in Charlotte. Apps were cold.  Waiter was loud and too casual.  Cream curdled in coffee.  Sea bass was steamed spinach coated in soy sauce.  After I have been to all other Charlotte restaurants Bottom line 3 1 2 stars." This night was a packed house. It was a Tuesday and we were expecting it to be light but people were waiting outside. thank goodness it was only 2 of us. We had the wonton soup....tasted good. For entree we had the fried rice an mongolian beef. That was great. Now the rice.....humm missing some seasoning this time. The waitress was good. She was a little slow but no biggie. Maybe she had just came off lunch break. We told her about the rice being bland. She had one of the best chefs make us another order to take with us. That was nice. It was good too. We will return...it just depends on the day of the week. It won't be on a Tuesday! Love the food! Amazing server. Egg rolls slightly greasy tho. Long wait but it was Valentine's night. Love the 3 course dinner for 2 they offer. The Bloody Mary was good." Oh the staff was super nice and did a rather good job considering how busy it was for a Tuesday night... Seems no one wanted to stay home on that warm weather day :)"  it was consistent with their product but something about this location turned me off.  I sat at the bar for HH.  Crispy Green Beans were excellent but my spicy tuna roll tasted like it was pulled out of the fridge and cut.  Did not taste fresh at all.  I wish I had ordered lettuce wraps instead.  Nothing exciting about the staff.  A lot of them seemed to be standing around.  The bartender was friendly but chose to stand and stare into space instead of engaging his customers.  He also had a conversation over me with another employee about clocking in." The location here is great in the middle of the shopping center with higher end stores nearby and the movie theater." I ordered the Korean BBQ Chicken Stir fry it was pretty good nothing special or amazing but good.  My girlfriend orderd the Honey Chicken was also was good but nothing special.  All in all it you can tell they use quality ingredients in the food but it really is high priced Chinese food in my opinion. Yes I would go back but not in any hurry to go!" "Another bad experience two times in a row. There must be a shortage of waitstaff in Charlotte because these people shouldn't even be working at Walmart. Both times we went for lunch and took an hour and a half. They served soup which took almost 40 minutes to get egg drop and it look like low tide in Louisiana. Big chunks of gray and black eggs floating in my egg drop soup  then seasonal special curry noodle dish.  Over-delivered and exceeded expectations for sure.  Friendly staff "An associate of mine brought me lunch. TOGO and it was delicious. We tried the Spicy Chicken that was very flavorful and not burning your lips off. I tried their lo mein Best service in the world... I ordered my soup and 3 minutes there it was. Me and my family went because we were traveling and it was very close to are hotel. And the waiter was amazing... He was busy but kept our drinks full and cleaned up plates fast and since it was July 4 we asked if he knew any firework shows around and he told us the closest place... Food was amazing and since I have braces I got egg drop soup and chicken fried rice and I'm glad I did it was amazing and didn't have to wait long at all... Will be going to more P.F Changs soon! I will not visit this restaurant anymore and cannot recommend it. Sadly it has lost its game - maybe it was the Tusday manager." It's good and cheap(in that area).  they couldn't seat me. Looks like they are having staffing problems. I also have recently experienced inconsistent preparations of the meal  but it was so meh... Almost painfully meh... I don't know if it was the extra spice that I ordered or what Bartender ANDRE is amazing.  Me being away from home he made me feel at home...if that makes sense. "Great service!!! Average tasting food. I personally prefer the taste of my hometown ""happy china"" and was disappointed because it was talked as if it was soooo superior but it wasn't bad at all. It had a ritzy feel and everything was really nice and clean. Service was great!!!" "The food was ok. The service was not so great. I don't know if we had a new waiter or what was going on. Several issues with our orders but we finally got it straightened out. I get home back to FL and I check my credit card statement. The waiter added another dollar to the tip I had already written. He didn't deserve more than 20%. I thought I was being fair with 20% even if there were mistakes made. The manager kept checking in on us. At some point  the man proceeded to place the food around the spill and then told us that he would bring a rag out. A few minutes later we still didn't have a rag and our food was getting cold. I eventually used diaper wipes I had in my purse to clean up the spill. Our server returned to the table at least three times and never mentioned the spill or the lack of help cleaning it up. The rag never did show up. We will not be returning to this location anytime soon."  always a go to for me now has orange segments. YUCK! The pork fried rice had clumps of white rice barley any stir fry sauce and zero flavor. For almost $40 we had a very disappointing dinner. I went to PFchangs.com and filled out a comment and never heard a response from them. Poor customer service. Oh how they've changed. It seems like mgt there is a little goofy these days as well. Something's up with Phillips place. The bartender Alexis was the best part of my experience. Having a drink while waiting for my food!"  & the tiramisu. Pleasant experience. Enjoyed the selection of my dinner buddy more." Tonight I wanted to grab a quick brew before a Yelp event. NODA Midnight Madness on tap? Impressive. Bartender who waited on me? Not so much. So I was carded. No big deal. All part of the transaction. Then he got a little bit snippy and asked me to take the card out of the clear case in my wallet. Really? I have bifocals and crow's feet. Really? Procedue is one thing Overall great experience once there but the phone service wasn't great; in their defense it was a Friday night so I get that they were busy." I will return as I have I love going here for he lunch deal-makes the prices much more reasonable and it's not as busy. Waiters are always attentive and I always leave happy with my meal." Think twice before spending your money here."  he was not in the 'swamped' zone and he needed to be. Our meal didn't arrive to our table until 1 1 2 hours after ordering. I kept bringing the 20 month old outside to walk around. I think at some point my husband talked to the manager. When our food arrived he stopped by our table for ONE second and said oh good the food arrived. Everybody's happy now. Wait! What?? I am not happy. The 20 month old is NOT happy. And he's hungry! And that's it? So our waiter had another 'extra' dish for us. Some beef something which we again didn't want but Mother's Day not wanting to be nasty in front of my toddler and in laws so I just ate my food and let my husband deal with getting boxes and paying etc. I don't know if he left a tip or not - it wasn't entirely the waiters fault. I heard the waiter at the table next to ours apologize to those customers and tell them they would get dessert. He handled the situation better - tip for our waiter: avoidance is not good customer service. I have worked on nights similar to this one ( to my Garden friends think Black Thursday) and I am proud how our whole restaurant handled it. I'm embarrassed for this PF Chang's and hope you take an opportunity to debrief what went well (the high chair hunter) and what went wrong (from the hostesses to the kitchen and especially the management) and figure out how to make it better. Moral - DO NOT go to this location in any traditionally busy holiday! Lesson learned!"  the portions are much smaller than the one at Phillips place in Charlotte.  The portions are VERY SMALL IF you request your order to be done by takeout or to go.   Good luck" The menu selections are cool I already know what to expect. And they seem to frequently put new items on the menu.  But I do get tired of that same pre-meal soup I love going here for he lunch deal-makes the prices much more reasonable and it's not as busy. Waiters are always attentive and I always leave happy with my meal." "The new and less than improved renovation may include more ambiance but the reusable plastics chopsticks that are at the table in bulk seem like a sanitation issue not to mention a poor environmental choice and forget about using the forks and knives which slide off the new modern plates - mine ended in my lap and I noticed our server also had an issue with them.   Oh and thanks to their inexpensive black cloth napkins my white jeans are now covered in lint.  The newly designed menu reads more like a Red Robin menu.  Thankfully with all these ""improvements"" they haven't changed the quality of the classic items on their menu - I still love the Chang's spicy chicken and tofu lettuce wraps.   From now on "We came on an average busy Sunday and were seated around 1. After ordering around 110 we finally got our food at 2. We pointed out to our waitress that the wait for the food was long and she seemed shocked that we said something  but food was like fast food.  The dish was big enough to share so I can't complain for $15 meal for two.  Good for a quick bite."  awesome service consistently. The whole staff especially our server were so unhappy saturday. There wasn't a wait or a full restaurant which it used to be crazy on a Saturday night. The food was so greasy and took 35 min to come out. Our waitress told us everyone tells her it's changed when we mentioned it to her. She didn't seem to care at all either. $30 average a person for Chinese doesn't get you anything here now. So sad it used to be so good"  so we ordered the Beef w Broccoli and Sesame Chicken and both of us got Brown Rice which came with the entree. The Rice was super dry and boring. It tasted literally like they took raw brown rice and cooked it not adding anything to it. The Sesame chicken was just ok. We even told our waitress that we didn't really care for it. She just said oh and walked away. The showstopper was the Beef w Broccoli. It was super yummy!! Bold flavors with big pieces and filling. This was the only thing that helped us leave floating on a cloud. The wontons dessert was a ripoff. I guess this is where they save money in the deal. They give you two wontons  I used a $25 gift card and the manager tried to tell me it was some kind of ""dine with us"" card so after the almost $22 bill there was nothing left on it. I mean 3 bucks is no big deal "Very disappointing experience recently. The food has always been consistent. But my family and a family friend visited and had one of the worst customer service experiences I've seen in a restaurant of this type. I had to ask three times for soy sauce. When I went to the kitchen to get it myself I was met with a very sarcastic server Worst experience. Food was good. I wont complain. Today was my wives bday and i have made my reservations and ordered a birthday desert for her. They forgot to bring the cake and when I complained they didn't have the courtesy to respond properly and just ignored me. I never expected such a behaviour from one of the senior staff. Food was as usual awesome and we just had the best service with our server as well as the waiter When did this place get expensive?  Small portions and pricey lunch.  Had 2 children with me and our lunch was $47.  I can't think of any reason to go back for this average food.  different from the Chinese foods I've eating before. And the waiter Zack was awesome  Went for dinner had reservation for 745 was seated by 8. Waiter was great very attentive. Sushi appetizer was pretty good. The steamed and fried pork dumplings where amazing. For the entrees the chicken lo me in was a bit sweet but very good. The spicy chicken was delicious but the pepper beef was by far the best. 1 star taken away because of the hostess. She was pretty rude  I'm easy to please if you have anything that has 'bulgogi' or 'galbi' in its name. But I'll be honest as to why I like it or dislike it. And I do loathe some unworthy knockoffs that shouldn't bare the name. This time  I think her name was Danielle. She was excellent!! She was working several different tables in the area and made it look so easy. She was probably one of the most polite waitresses I have ever had Food was great but walked outside fretting left overs (1 2 of expensive meal ) turned back in minutes and front receptionist said they threw it away without even checking. Not nice.... Really disappointed Food was great but walked outside fretting left overs (1 2 of expensive meal ) turned back in minutes and front receptionist said they threw it away without even checking. Not nice.... Really disappointed  really poor customer service "Always good and I loe they serve the hot and sour soup in a big bowl. My only complaint about the pale is they kind of give you an ""is that all your ordering look"" when you only older soup and appetizers. I really hater that and it make me not enjoy my lunch.  I have had the same feeling twice and in two different place. The last one asked us 4 times if we wanted to add anything to what we were having. Hey out bill was still 39.00 so its not like we had soup and left but really  the hostess seemed completely disinterested and apathetic. Shouldn't that be the welcoming face and voice you are greeted with when entering a restaurant? Why is a poor experience at the doorway allowed to happen? She was not unkind "Yuck!! My wife and I went to PF Changs tonight for dinner.  Oh my gosh both of our dishes were horrible.  My wife got the honey glazed chicken and I got the Sichuan Beef.  The chicken had a bitter sour taste and my beef was so dry it was like eating beef jerky.  The freakin rice was so dry it was like hard to pick up with the fork.  The only tasty dish was our appetizer lettuce wrap.  Our server was pretty cool "Will update once Manager calls back but until then be careful of Great Wall of Chocolate and its raspberry sauce. We were there 2 nights ago and ordered dessert right before closing. We took home cake. Waiter suggested a new container of raspberry sauce instead of scraping the decorative amount on plate. So he brought it out and stuffed it into the same dish as chocolate cake. Okay so not a fan of non-food items being packed in and touching food items in transportation but...we went with it. Everything got refrigerated as is. Yesterday I pull out cake with small raspberry sauce container. Commenced eating cake after pouring sauce over cake. Raspberry sauce is sitting out on my counter as I continue eating cake. It is 68 degrees in here because we prefer it cool with so much sun outdoors. Next thing we hear is a loud POP. My dog looks just as puzzled because no one is in the kitchen yet that is where the noise came from. Immediately go to find the source of the POP and see the once covered raspberry sauce now has its lid on the floor AND there are specks of sauce all over the counter. The sauce has no doubled in size and is frothing. So now I see a frothy The menu items I tried were great and the service was on point. Too my surprise I was glad I stopped in and will definitely be back to try one of their meals entrees." not only was everything delicious but our bartender Rob was more than pleasant. He made us feel welcomed and even brought out a birthday dessert with candle when we weren't expecting it."  and a cucumber blueberry crush cocktail. Which was around $92  pad thai. Almost all the dishes are prepared with great taste!!" "I'm not usually one to go to chain restaurants but my in-laws gifted us a PF Chang's gift card for our anniversary. We came for lunch on a Sunday around 1pm. Hostess was friendly but we were seated awkwardly close to other patrons on a half-booth half-table area. There were not a lot of people there but it seemed we were all crushed into the same area. Our table was also pretty sticky. We ordered a sushi appetizer and the tuna was high quality "Taken 3 tries to get order right and the server could care less. Manager had to come out and ask to get it right.  I told the server how I asked for the food her response was ""no you didn't"". Who does that?" Food was ok. Place was clean but service not so much...they forget your food but dont neglect to charge you...knowingly I had the shrimp and lobster taco appetizer which was on the menu for 10.95 for three our waitress stated that I wanted 4 since it was my dinner I said sure but the last time I had them the waiter advised me of a hot pepper that was on the taco and since I'm not a fan of hot he had them made without the pepper. My waitress tonight said there was nothing hot or spicy on the taco. Then she came back to tell me they were out of shrimp and lobster so I couldn't have my tacos. My wife had ordered street noodles with shrimp so she asked about her dish the waitress stuttered a little then said she was sure they were out of lobster but they did have shrimp. I asked her for the tacos without the lobster and she was good with that. A few minutes later she came back to the table and said they now have lobster for my tacos. She brought three tacos and went back to order my fourth. The first bite I took my mouth lit up. The peppers were hot why didn't she know this when she said that was one of her favorites. Not a good night. One more little thing the 3 tacos on the menu were 10.95 add a fourth and their 14.00 just so you know." We had the best waitress Ramona she is efficient very personable goes above and beyond for her customers. Please ask for her you won't be disappointed. Local only restaurants need to make a comeback."  there are two rooms in the back of the restaurant that can be joined or separated depending on the size of your party."  I had lunch here at least three times a month.  The food and service has always been steady.  I always left feeling as though I received good value."  I had lunch here at least three times a month.  The food and service has always been steady.  I always left feeling as though I received good value" The service is superb. They're very attentive. I've become such a regular customer that they know  me by name. That makes me feel extra special. I've never experienced that at any other restaurant that I ever frequent on a regular basis."  and service. I think this is the best Chinese restaurant in the Charlotte area. The best egg drop soup I've ever had." Make sure (if ordering take out) to ask for some of the ""homemade mustard sauce"" to put on your spring roll or egg roll  but only if you aren't familiar with real  my granddaughters love to watch the brightly colored fish in the large salt water tanks. Very friendly service. Groups can reserve the large rooms in the back  but nothing to write home about. I will try a spicy dish next time." "I've been going to this place for the past 15 years and it's definitely gone downhill recently. I used to rave about the food and service to all my friends We have not been able to find good Chinese in North Florida. We would be so happy if we could get Chinese food the caliber of Great Wall!" Step out of your comfort zone.  That's how you'll get to experience the authentic.  Junk like sweet and sour chicken is not authentic.  Have fun!"  the experience is always good. One thing you must do is spend some time looking at their salt water fish tanks. These tanks are incredible and worth visiting the restaurant just to enjoy them."  nor when I told them I did not care for it and no offer to comp it!  It would NOT have helped me rate the dine any higher though.  I would eat here again if Charlotte did not offer any better Restaurant choices!"  i didn't diss the restaurant due to that experience. Went back a few weeks later. Christmas Day actually. Twas earlier in the day so it wasn't super busy yet. The table beside us was already noticeably frustrated with service and wait for their food when we arrived(they eventually ended up almost walking out). Good sign right  don't come here expecting to find them. Panda's Den in north Charlotte puts this place to shame." My family has enjoyed eating here since 1986 when we moved to Charlotte. The kids now request to eat there when they come home to visit. We love it...great cold noodles and dumplings!  It gets a 5 Yelp rating from me! BE CAREFUL about drinking and driving.  CMPD and even Pineville patrol the area on a regular basis.  Better to get a cab than put yourself in that situation." I went to Great Wall for lunch since I was spending some time at Carmel Commons on patrol for my company. I hadn't eaten there in a very long time. I believe the last time I was there was at a Wednesday night supper with the Queen City Corvette Club. As I remembered it then the food was good but the service was iffy. Well fast forward to September 2012. The food is still good. I had a daily special called Twice Spiced Scallops that was rather good. Their sweet tea tasted better than say sweet tea from Cracker Barrel. I was seated next to the large aquarium. The only thing that wrecked the ambiance was the small child screaming at the top of her lungs about lobsters and the clueless parent who thought that the youngsters screaming was akin to angels singing. I would have ejected both of them. I ordered the beef and broccoli and that was pretty good. Would I come here again? Not quite sure because I don't live in the quail hollow area. Just know that I wouldn't come out of my way to get here." Everything was good enough to make me want to return and try something else!"  not only is the food good but the place is clean. The portions are LARGE GW is a nice place for a date or even a romantic occasion.  You will get plenty to eat "I have been going to Great Wall since 1983. It has always been great and it's the restaurant by which I judge all other Chinese restaurants. It is consistent Egg roll - Above average" Also they serve these fried wonton strips with 2 sauces as soon as you sit down Another great family dinner with the in-laws."  perhaps for some staff). One of the best local Chinese restaurants and I recommend you give it a try."  but we like to tip what we want.  Unfortunately our server got less than what we would haven given." There's a Chinese menu in addition to the regular menu  quick and attentive service. Shrimp in chili sauce is one of our favorite but the spiciness varies each time. Flower chicken is good if you like more on the bland side. Pork fried rice is consistently good just wish they could add spouts. Overall this is a fine restaurant" While leaving the owner was standing and never even said thanks for coming. We will not go to this restaurent again nor will recommend to our friends." The aquarium was nice and we enjoyed it for a few minutes on the way out. I had eaten here before and it was much better in the past. So they Great Wall is not so great. Maybe just have some soup for lunch. Sad to say I won't take friends here again."  I always get the same dishes. I will say that their weekend buffet is nowhere as good as their regular entrees  the flavors and how its prepared is definitely better than some in the area; this place is worth another visit."  i would recommend the crispy shrimp and crispy scallops. For the price you get good quality Chinese food and not to mention If you are looking for a Chinese food ""fix"" this is the place. I am tired of the little dingy take-out joints that are  in every strip mall. This place is an escape to a more sophisticated era of Chinese restaurants in Charlotte. I also tried the lunch buffet and it was excellent. Enjoy." I also had the hot & sour soup - very good. Some places have a weird version of it - but not here.  Worth a try.  Yum." Overall everything was good & servers seem to be all around to assist with anything. I am just not a buffet person  until after a white woman entered. She was waited on before us and no apology was given. Never have experienced anything like this before! Will not be going back to give them any of my money!" "I've been going to The Great wall of China South for quite a while. The owner Alex and the staff always accommodate to your liking. I am a pescatarian so I don't know how their meats are however I can tell you about a few of their dishes. My all time favorite dish is one of their specialties the ""Crispy Scallops"". The portion size is very generous & the scallops are sweet. This does not come with any vegetables. I recommend ordering the mixed vegetables with brown sauce. I always tell them to make the sauce spicy :) For appetizers the ""Steamed Veggie Dumplings"" are amazing with a sweet soy sauce. The ""Crab Rangoon"" is okay. The ""Spring Rolls"" are greasy but good. Make sure to have extra napkins. Also I've tried the ""Sa Cha Scallops"" during lunch and definitely a yummy dish! Although I like it very spicy. The restaurant is always clean and they have stayed consistent on everything for many years. Love this place!! Always keeps me coming back" Excellent buffet! Food is very fresh and hot. They are very busy and attentive to the customers needs. They are constantly replenishing the buffet because the food is so good and it gets eaten fast! Enjoy!  all by themselves.  A great choice for a night out or with the family."  the food was terrible.  The crispy shrimp was soggy and the egg rolls had a horrible taste and smell.  I was told by the lady at the front desk they were homemade but that was incorrect.  I have had fresh "The BEST Chinese in charlotte. My boyfriend and I are regulars there. The food is amazing and the fish tanks are beautiful. If you are a vegetarian like myself they have plenty of option. I get the mixed veggies in brown sauce "Absolutely horrible experience. We were seated and drink order was taken by that person. Few mins later drinks were dropped off by a different person who said waitress would be over to take our order. Then 10 mins later someone came over and asked us if we wanted appetizers which we did and ordered Crab Rangoons and Spare Ribs. This person said someone would be back to take our order. Never happened. The apps came out and the guy said again someone would come take our order. So we ate our apps and still no one. No one even acknowledged us  around 9:45pm we stayed at the table to chat.. Being cautious that the restaurant hours printed on the door said they close at 11pm.. A waitress came to us at 10pm and said that they were closing and they needed us to pay now... O_o  So we got up to pay and leave and the cashier man ( looked like the manager ) was so cold.. He never asked how the food was or anything "Great Wall of China is a nice place. The food and service is consistently good. There is outdoor seating and there are large aquariums inside with some cool fish. It's not expensive  I will never have them again. The General Chicken is ok. I found this place to be average and expensive. The best time to go is on Sunday This is by far the best american style Chinese food you will find in Charlotte. You will pay a bit more but its well worth it because of the taste. They also have non American Chinese food but its off the menu and you just need to ask. I get this great noodle soup with veggies and chicken and its great. Taste like right from hong Kong  and service were all good so no complaints there. The food however was not. I ordered the general chicken with brown rice and an egg roll. The chicken was all slimy dark meat and the flavor was nothing like general sauce but rather 100% strong garlic. I wasn't able to even eat hardly any of it because of the brown slimy meat. My husband ordered the garlic beef and he did not like the sauce at all. It had zero garlic taste Our rehersal dinner served good food and service.  The mongolian beef was served with a rice bun (like bow) which was tasty.  The beef was a bit tough but flavor was good.  The steamed whole fish with scallions and soy sauce was very good. I plan to return to check out their lunch specials. Since 1985 Great wall has focused on quality and great food. I live about 30 min away now and still come here to eat. Passing at least 10 other Chinese restaurants.  their ""special"" shrimp dish and pork fried rice.  The soup was served and that was the last we saw of our waiter for 45 minutes.  People who arrived well after us were served and left.  When finally the entree arrived it was relatively without taste.  Once we'd finished I have ordered carry out food from here a number of times and am always impressed. I typically get a shrimp or chicken dish Not the best in Charlotte but certainly a nice change if your looking for somewhere different to eat." Best Chinese takeout in Pineville south Charlotte area.  They've been here forever (I've been coming here since I was a kid). Busy for dinner on weekends so I always get takeout. Very friendly. I called about 930 and the nice man ordered my food as the last order. I was starving Marvin and they were the only place to stay open and take my order. Such great people. And even better food. Must eat  and my kids love going on Sundays for the buffet.  Thank you for being a perfect family favorite!"  the gentleman passed by me literally 8 times and did not refill my water for a good 15 minutes. I basically had to flag him down and tell him to please refill it. We ordered the sesame cold noodles. Which I love the peanut sauce but way too much soy in there so it came off extremely salty. Also we order the favorite shrimp (which is that sweet mayo shrimp) and sesame chicken. Okay the favorite shrimp was disgusting. The sauce tasted old and I couldn't even stomach to eat it. The side of broccoli was just drizzle with soysauce and salty!  the sesame chicken was average however I did enjoy how they didn't soak it in sauce. I asked for extra vegetables and we were charged more for it but got literally just a spoon full of vegetables. Jade Asian Fusion and Dim Sum tastes so much better"  we usually buy one our two."  special recommendation goes to wontom in hot oil. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable. This place is native Chinese foodie approved!"  what a shame. The orange sauce was nice but there was very little rind present. The meat was very chewy. Overall I really don't think that we'll be coming back again. Three stars for the wonderful aquariums and our waitress I have been here several times and it's always been good. I've come here before for the sunday buffet and they actually have a lot of options. Egg rolls are so good and fat. Chicken wings are huge and crispy!! My favorite is the house special lo mein noodles. It has that smoky flavor and the put a lot of meat in it! Boyfriend loves their chicken and broccoli. I've also ordered from their Chinese menu. I tried the fish in the spicy oil sauce. It was good and light. staff is always friendly and I love when they seat us near the huge aquarium. Haven't been there in about 5 years and man has it changed. Egg drop soup which used to be the best in Charlotte was nothing but dish water and noodles. The egg rolls were were microwaved soggy somethings and the Mu Shu was the worst I have ever had. The Fantasy Shrimp was very good. The only meal saver. We won't go back. There are much better Chinese places around... The only downer is our waiter never bothered to come refill over beverages. She kind of took our order  when we go out to dine we want to get good service.  And that's not what we got.  Next time I'll order and pick up my food if I ever decide to get something from there again. Which I most likely will because I did like the food.  Again Very average Chinese... It's your typical asian flare with nothing special or bad. Alex is the owner who is there every day so he ensures good good and service. If you have a cold ... This is the place to get egg drop soup ! Best in Charlotte!!! Never disappoints ! Some things you just can't mess with and their egg drop soup is one of the best ever! Really really good Chinese ! I hope if we decide to dine in that the service is good..."  as every single employee we encountered was cold and acted like they didn't want to be there. Very unfriendly. My husband and I both worked in the restaurant business during college and know about good customer service. For the food: My husband had some sort of beef dish with peppers and onions and I had the chicken and broccoli. Both dishes were very hot which was the only redeeming quality They're also on restaurant.com so you can get a great deal as well!!"  sometimes are not. It's odd that their chef couldn't keep a stable level:("  but if you're looking for a new good Chinese place I say keep walkin' don't bother." I was greatly surprised at how friendly the service was and how good the food tasted. I have eaten at many many Chinese places for lunch and this is tied for top spot. They give you Chinese chip things before your meal with sweet sauce and hot sauce. They also have large fish tanks with exotic tropics fish. Overall great experience. I've recently visited this place again because i did like the food. And the food was still ferocious. They don't skim on the sauce or meat. The sauce is very flavorful. I did takeout. So not sure about the service. But the sanitation grade has improved to 96. I'll return again. It's worth it. I'm glad I gave them a second chance. The food is fresh and tasteful.. Temperature perfect.. Service not consistent." Great Wall has become our go-to for takeout. We have tried quite a few dishes on multiple occasions and not yet been disappointed. But still we get the crab Rangoon every time. Still haven't made it inside for a sit down dinner though. Go somewhere that they demonstrate respect for their guests - this is not the place." "Blah. Poor service and okay food.  Nothing special to write about. If they didn't have half price Groupons  a waitress came over and I ordered. She then rudely said I had to order at least $10 of food if I wanted to stay and eat in the restaurant. There were only maybe 3 tables with anyone at all in the place so it's not like they were busy and they have never said this to me before on the couple of other ocassions where I just came for their soup. I will never go here again." What they need to understand is that they get tipped for the service not in spite of it." We have been here a few times. The buffet lunch is excellent compared to any other chinese resteraunts. Good choices without too much of the oily taste.  not mentioned by the server.  Again not a real problem just one part of the entire experience.   Next time it will be take out!"  fried.  They were very flavorful and perfectly cooked.  The dumplings come with plenty to share.  Prices are good.  Service is very attentive. I will definitely come back!"  so I gave them 4 stars. Excellent service  so we went.  It was aweful.  How can you mess up wonton soup and vegetable spring rolls.  The sesame chicken was terrible.  The shrimp with garlic sauce just ok.  And the waiter was MIA after we got our food...we wanted to get some extra white rice at least and then our check at the end took forever I had a Groupon so I check this place out. It was just 'ok'. I don't think I would go back even with savings from a Groupon. The rice was burnt and the beef and broccoli was very salty.  I think it needs a good overall cleaning." "Came for Chinese New Year dinner(aka) spent more than 300 dollars and got awesome food! (special new year dinner with 9 dishes including lobster  that was fast. Usually and egg roll takes a minute or two to cook. When I got back to the office I found out why. First no spoon or soy Sauce. then the egg roll was soggy. They did not even cook it fresh. Yuck. It was so bad. The egg drop soup had no flavor either. I woudl pass this place by in a heart beat. Had they been busy I woudl say  and there was more shrimp than broccoli! That's a first! It wasn't a HUGE lunch portion but it was filling and I took half of it home. Quiet atmosphere It's my second time here. This experience is much better than last time. The sweet and sour shrimp is a must try! Just can't stop eating them "We have eaten here for years. The food and service are both excellent.  They've ruined Chinese for me "Love this place! Friendly staff and they put your food in your box for you Great service and the food is awesome! One of the best Chinese restaurants I've been to in Charlotte! The Cantonese lobster is a must try! I use to love this restaurant until my last visit when reaches was at my table. The manager said I can take 20% off of your bill!! Thanks but no thanks! I have not been back. I have been coming here for many years. All good things must come to an end. The food and service is not the same.Other  then the beautiful salt water fish tank there is nothing to say nice about the place.  he loves the food here!! i will continue to come as long as they are here!friendlyy staff and the manager is awesome!!"  despite the to go box already pretty full. Good to see. Didn't see any old lady maybe that's why." I decided to try Panda Express at the mall this time over the other fast food Chinese places.  What struck me was they slice the chicken breast in front of you so you know you are not getting chopped up pieces of whatever which has always disturbed me about the other places.  They also cooked the vegetables up fresh for you.  The flavor was really good for the price and I thought the portion was just right.  I was able to have a fulfilling meal and take some home for later.  I liked the Teriyaki sauce on the side too so you can regulate how much you want on your food. Will never go unless Iam stuck in the mall and hungry" "When I go to a restaurant during prime time I expect results. I did not get them at Panda express at the mall. After completing my order they legitimately offered me something that was unavailable. When I accepted their offer of a crab rangoon they said ""actually we don't have any you'll have to wait for us to cook more."" No I don't I retorted "This is my usual lunch spot when I am out shopping with my family. It is very popular and the line is usually quite long. I don't know what was up  I don't mean to imply that the owner and staff at Fate are malicious. The food isn't good enough  bordering on frustrating.  The food wasn't nearly good enough to justify the poor service- although our waitress suddenly became very accommodating and friendly when we handed her cash + 4 credit cards and told her we were giving her a $50 tip on a $200 check.  Maybe we should have told her that when we had gotten there!"  when I was asked to ""please wait outside"" for my table. Are you kidding me? The food ain't THAT good."  so it saddens me it isn't a place I can call home." Oh and forget trying to go there on First Fridays...It's MADNESS."  the staff was not as nice. Went on a ""first friday"" again but it was raining so no one was out. Had reservations but waited a bit to be seated. Was again seated in the ""garage"" but when a second party came into the garage Fate is a restaurant that seems to cater to individuals that place ambiance very highly in their dining experience. The food isn't great nor is it well priced  hit up Hunan Express and then just go straight to Myst or Drift or where ever the shiny shirts happen to be on that given night.  Nuf sed." Like I said I don't eat a lot of chain food - but even the Pei Wei at 7th ave and McDowell is way better in terms of food quality." so I don't see what all the negitive fuss is about.....I think its a great place...yes service could be better but other then that loved fate its open till 2:30am and has good food? where else would you go to get something like that? LA?"  and the time I thought I saw my friend stuff her egg roll into a spring roll wrapper to eat it.  Worst elements:  the slightly pretentious seating policy on first Fridays  but they aren't hired to be good servers. They are typically hired because they are edgy or cute enough  be sure to make a reservation and it's generally speaking a more enjoyable atmosphere for smaller parties (ie  this was fun"" knowing very well you will never see or speak to this person ever again.  And you just can't explain why.  This is how I feel about Fate." years ago and i will continue to do so." But I'm still gonna bring hubby here sometime to eat The food is excellent. I've never had a bad experience. I'm definitely addicted to the ying yang noodles with tofu I have always had at least adequate service on First Fridays.  The rest of the time  but he sounded up my alley. We totally hit it off and had all kinds of romantic dinners and wild nights. Then we got married and made tons of babies and they all grew up to become supreme court justices. This is how I feel about Fate."  and from what my vegetarian friend told me it was just as great.  If you are one of those office types grinding away in a downtown phoenix building slowly losing your soul I think that about covers it." Hoping it was just an off night "I've been here for lunch once.  When I went the weather was beautiful and sitting outside near the garage  this place definitely seems lacking.  Less flavorful and not as authentic.  If I ever had a choice between the two  who am I to complain? (The Drunk One didn't.) Besides VsO_rhXi5lgbaGxNwoEZsQ  Fate. There are plenty of other places opening up downtown and we'll start to take our business there. I love what you're doing to downtown Phoenix My only complaint is that the place gets a little stuffy in the summer." I used to love this place when the food was better and it was less pretentious years ago.  Now its just overrated and overhyped.  A true sign of how a lack of competition allows even the worst to survive." I had Pad Thai and crab puffs... both amazing.  Keep wanting to go back... hopefully I get the chance soon. Gary and I need to compare their crab puffs with our other favorite crab puffs so we can pick a personal favorite crab puff in Phoenix."  the food the atmosphere and even the wait staff! It was a fantastic downtown experience and can see why everyone loves the place. The urban jungle atmosphere and zen like indie art on the walls truly completed the asthetics and made for a beautiful back drop. Both dishes we orderd were delcious. I love the way they prepared the tofu. Superb! Nest door is a lounge i believe with a DJ spinning some chill grooves. It was a great date joint. So I highly recommend it! 4 and a 1/2 stars....."   we had the thai spring rolls and saigon egg rolls for starters. I really enjoyed the egg rolls. spring rolls were good as well but there was just 2.  For the main courses we had Xa HO Fun with beef and chicken. dont get the beef just chicken as the meat is mediocre. The waitress mentioned this to me  but I have ADD and did't listen!  We also had the house dynamite and this was very good.  the cookies that come with the bill were GREAT!    Cool atmosphere and really enjoyed Simon lutrin's artwork which can be seen  at simonlutrin.com.  check it out you will be glad you did!"  I would say the place is fun.  I wouldn't drive all the way downtown for it...but if I was in the area  Christmas and rice. Those are some pricey fuckin' drinks. The ambiance is cool but it doesn't justify it. Not to this wretched skank's soul."  but the food reasonable. This translates over to next door where they charge 9 bucks for a well drink. They also treat you like scum. I'm only giving this restaurant a 4 because I pay a lot more attention to food quality and taste than I do service. I also love the fact they are open late. I work til 10pm most nights so its good to have an option that isn't fast food."  but you get a consistent meal at China Chili where they also know how to regulate the heat in their food.  Apparently their chefs actually taste their dishes."  and to be seen is what you're paying for. If you enjoy being treated like shit and fed food that I wouldn't feed in a troth for pigs--you may enjoy this place and good for you!"  but lacks on every other level. I live three blocks away so its upsetting to see a place with so much potential fail." "The bartender remembered my name. HA! Fate is rad... dining experience not so much. Actually Ive never eaten here. We either decided not to go through it or someone ate my dinner because they had too many cocktails. When you go  and I honestly have trouble narrowing down which martini is the best.  The pad thai martini is just amazingly weird enough to be good And what about those little wafer cookies they give you at the end? They are like air! But better! (...they have calories...maybe they are not like air...but in a perfect world? Like Air!)" VsO_rhXi5lgbaGxNwoEZsQ I've had better food but this is a good place to chill at... not to mention they have GOOD Mojito's!! It would have been rated a zero star but I gave it 2 because now they are a bar too and that portion is pretty cool."  the whole negative-for-every-positive thing kind of describes our whole experience at Fate. We loved the bar area but weren't big fans of the drinks. We appreciated the cool vibe of waiting outside a house to be seated but weren't thrilled with how inhospitable the hostess was. We thought the inside of the restaurant was well-presented but hated the imprints those horrible stools left on our thighs. We thought some aspects of the food were great but that others were sub-par. Didn't love all of it At least give Fate a shot once. If you don't like it I will let you punch me in the gut."  the food is pretty good but it's not the best I've ever had. The parking situation kind of sucks which is a slight turn off as well. I've been a few times and tried a few different menu items and they all rate about the same in my book... those little cookie/wafer things they give you with the check though are really good. In fact  you have mediocre food and a staff with the deadly combination of clueless and pretentious. No thank you. I know everyone seems to love Fate  I'd eat there again....but I'd rather just grab a good Asian fusion meal when I'm out of town."  I'm trying to be artsy- outfits they go out in public in. Just get the food to-go and you'll be alright." sorry Fate i know you mean well to the asian cuisine community  but despite the odd color the flavor was amazing. The meals were fairly priced. I believe my dinner was around the same price as my first drink...$10.00-$12.00. I enjoyed the artistic ambiance. The staff was polite and our food and drinks were delivered to us promptly. I have read other reviews about the hostess's being rude...luckily I haven't experienced that. Even if I had e negative staff experience I would still recommend Fate for the food alone." One thing you notice if you go there before sunset (when there's a decent amount of daylight shining into the restaurant) is the dirt.  The backs of the white plastic chairs are covered in dirty handprints.  Nothing some bleach and elbow grease won't cure "Been there 3 times.  Like the location as well as the food.  It proves that people that are younger then me and ""hip"" still appreciate great food. Not a big fan or oriental food but I love this place.  The portions are substantial.  I have enjoyed taking friends there and have them think I am nuts for taking them there on the way in and having them thank me on the way out.  If you want to step out of the norm and have some great food this is the place for you." VsO_rhXi5lgbaGxNwoEZsQ Fate really deserves two and a half stars rather than three." Recommend going down there on the first Friday of the month when they do First Friday's and it is just wonderful to see all of the artist with their stands out at night. Oh  and even with a reservation I've ended up waiting 10 or 15 minutes." I'd like to try this place out again  wonderful creative ingredients on the entire menu and the cocktail menu was pretty cool as well. My husband tried some sort of basil ginger tini last time - it was wonderful! I would give the place five stars if the seats and service were nicer."  and the food was always fabulous.  Not so this last time.  The food was AWFUL.  I assumed that Johnny Chu was still the chef OK...sooo...I don' t really remember exactly what our entrees were called (please refer to top paragraph). But we had shrimp and chicken dishes. Mine was spicy chicken Someone mentioned that ownership changed hands with the name changing VsO_rhXi5lgbaGxNwoEZsQ VsO_rhXi5lgbaGxNwoEZsQ  we came across Conspire (on fifth st!)!  We look quizickly up at the closest street sign (5th street) and down the street (5th street).  Wha?!  Damn you downtown Phoenix with your numbered streets and avenues and repeating streets!" See my review of SENS.  That place just keeps getting better and better.  I am addicted.  We go very often and enjoy everything about the people and the food." "What a fun place! Just a hop and skip away from the light rail and the perfect stop during the art walk.  The food is tasty  which is the only time to go since it is dead during the week. On First Fridays they don't take reservations past a certain time and then you have to put your name on a list. Each time I've put my name on this list they have crossed it off without trying to locate me  up to 3a on the weekends. lots of vegetarian items on the menu "It seems that this restaurant has undergone quote a few changes. There were no crab puffs as everyone referred to in previous review. Food was good. Duck appetizer was fabulous. Be warned that as this is a VERY small restaurant with the kitchen adjacent to the tables "Yes I know this place is now apparently closed but I only went their once and had a really good time. It was March 2006 Staff is generally friendly and attentive." naUFPFYH2CqHtTrV3IAJrQ You shouldn't look around too much while there. The whole place is pretty divey but the food is good & replaced often enough. If decor is important to you don't come here. If you just want to chow down on all sorts of cheap food goodness then drop by. You'll leave stuffed & happy."  the food is actually pretty good here. They have fresh sushi mexican chicken wings that tasted like they were cooked with oranges and shrimp balls that were pretty good..So yes i would go back even though it is not one of my favorite chinese buffet but it is a good one."  and there were not as many offerings as I would have expected for a super buffet. The variety of dishes was pretty much what you would expect for an above-average Chinese buffet. The staff was very friendly The bottom line is if you are looking for a Americanized Chinese for cheap Cant believe its a 2.5 average.  I work around central and Indian School and this is THE Chinese buffet for everyone here.  Plenty of selection and its always good.  The servers are polite and its cheap.  Think its around 7 bucks.  They recently renovated and its much nicer inside.  I have been there a ton of times and never been unsatisfied.  If someone has a Chinese buffet that beats it out on price and quality in this area please do tell!  the bathrooms smelled even worse. Never again..." "I've been going here steadily for the last 10 years and it's by far the best chinese buffet in the valley. They've got tons of fresh sushi and any kind of food you want. The spicy chicken and sweet shrimp are my favorites. The place has been completely overhauled as of the last  months and it's never looked better. The owners are always on site  unless I'm told they're under new management."  try the one at 15th Av and Bethany instead." Spot check on this place = now closed. I live in the area and cruise by once a week. When it was open it was ok at best.  the food was not super hot and was pretty gross and NOT cheap!  I would NOT recommend this place for it's food and especially not on Fridays if you don't want to get assaulted by a local mental patient."  but if I was in the area and hungry and wanting a Chinese buffet Looked like they are preparing to raze the building."  your run of the mill Chinese restaurant.  Huge seating area."  we'll start up the joke again saying how someday we should give it another shot.  But unless we are hit by some kind of massive Chinese buffet cravings while we're right down the street Stay away from the desserts tho'  didn't make me feel stupid or silly and I left with some much needed new makeup. The best customer service I have experienced in quite some time.  I chose Rochelle's based on Yelp reviews. Lyndsey gave me a deep pore facial and it was wonderful. It was fantastically relaxing and soothing. My skin is glowing.  so what are you going to do about it?" Will haunt this MSG pit 'till its dying days."  get over the decor and eat some of the best home-style chinese cooking :)"  teriyaki chicken and egg flour soup.  I don't do seafood so there may have been something that I'm forgetting.  Anyways you'll have about 6 or 7 things to choose from and its all decent.  Mainly going 3 stars for a very limited selection.  If your into ""hole in the wall"" places check it out.  If your a fan of the bigger chinese buffets you won't be satisfied." I'll be back for more soup and to try some of the other recommended dishes." This place is a well kept secret  with the quality of the food.   I did not try any dinner menu items - so I will withhold judgment  need to know what to order. chicken wings and salt & pepper pork chops" Read a review from the newspaper so I tried it. Not impressed. The atmosphere is about as dismal as the food. They need to make it a place people want to come in and eat instead of get out of there as soon as possible. Gross!  I'd need to try other things to be sure but so far  the very small almost gimmicky lunch buffet is not their best feature so don't eat that & think the menus items are the same." The lunch buffet is cheap and convenient.  the nice young lady who always has a smile and great suggestion is a 5 Star server. It's also a good idea to order some fried chicken to go once you finish your meal."  and was hands down the worst I've had. It is hard for me to respect a business who doesn't respect their customers enough to sweep the floor-" First time I've seen a sign on a buffet line reminding people not to dish food up with their bare hands." Local greasy spoon restaurant - buffet was great if you like chinese food. If you want a renovated restaurant this place is not for you. You don't pay for the chairs you sit on but rather good food. I'm so glad I finally found a good neighborhood Chinese restaurant."  the salty fried pork chop is pretty damn amazing." I could see myself going here if I was really craving Chinese food for dinner or lunch. But I'd get it to go rather than eat it there. The inside is the usual old-school Chinese restaurant decor with booths and tables. As someone from the Bay Area and who grew up in a Chinese household "I visited this place with visitors from Hong Kong and China looking for a break from American food. We decided on this place based on reviews of having an American menu and a Chinese menu. The direct response from our expert visitors was the chicken was good  and the beef and broccoli which you can do with either American or Chinese broccoli.  They also have great chicken wings.  Other dishes that we like include the walnut shrimp and the salt and pepper pork." Tried this place for lunch since I drive past it near my new place. It was bad.. I had the fried chicken and it was pink. Rest was greasy and didn't taste good. 2 stars for how cheap it was but this place was full of large people who don't know good Chinese and this wasn't good.  make sure you get the Chinese menu and avoid the lunch buffet and you won't be disappointed. The soups are delicious - the West Lake Beef Don't miss this place. Look for the vintage neon sign on the NWC of Indian School & 24th Street." "The pot stickers were great!  We ordered off the American menu and it was ""ok..""  I would rather eat ""American"" Chinese food somewhere else.  We definately want to come back to try the traditional menu.  Another table ordered the stuffed Duck and it looked amazing." "This restaurant is one of the filthiest I've ever visited in the entire world (and I travel frequently to third-world countries on business). During my lunchtime visit the dining room tables were strewn with uncollected plates and uneaten food This was the most awful dining experience I have ever had. Low quality food.  First bite was disgusting. Couldn't bring myself to finish lunch. Great place to eat! They do not have buffet for dinner (bummer). Really long menus (lots of option). Super friendly service. Im coming back soon.  the fish tank was dirty as can be and the fish looked dead (only fish I've ever seen gathered together in a pack in a corner). The serves was pretty terrible also Wow let me start with the good things... The ice was good and the fortune cookie wasn't stale. Now the negatives...the cashew chicken was flavorless. the restaurant wasn't very clean and you could tell it needs work. Overall it was very disappointing and I will not be returning :( New Hong Kong is not for the faint of stomach." Monk pan fried noodle - oily but tasty." We had lunch today. Their food is very salty. Had their pork fried rice but the rice was overcooked.  Beef and broccoli  was salty . Beef was like jerky. The food had a lot of msg. I do like their  vegetables  as it is nice and chrisp. Best dish was the fried chicken.  Chowmein noodles were way too salty So happy we just found out go to Chinese place!"  Singapore Rice Noodle and Moo Goo Gai Pan. The soup was decent.The rice noodles were broken indicating that the cook did not know how to cook noodles without breaking them up. The meats did not seem fresh. The Moo Goo Gai Pan was very salty. We only took a couple fork fulls from the noodles From the outside you would definitely drive past. But we stopped in based on the recommendation of the new times and we're pleasantly surprised. Husband ordered Singapore rice noodles and I ordered salt and pepper steak from the Chinese menu. By the end of the meal we were switching dishes as I enjoyed his and he enjoyed mine more. Waitress with extra sweet and the food was delivered very quickly.  says ""this is pretty good!"" and decides that she will eat here whenever she comes to town. That says it all. We eat here at least twice a month. When I don't have time to cook we order takeout and it typically only takes 20 minutes from the time I call. It's delicious every time. It's nutritious. And it's cheap! I've never had the smorgasbord. We order family style  good size portions and good prices sets this place above most restaurants." "This location was a joke...me and my girlfriend went here while we were waiting for her cars oil to be changed at the brake Masters down the street. You stand in line like at a cafeteria and the people behind the counter dishing out your not so fresh food can barely speak English I challenge you to find more average/below average food chain anywhere in the state."  tasted like normal Panda Express. The service was fast "This location is always busy. But the customer service side sucks. You can tell if the food is fresh or not  and thanks to the sample I ended up getting the honey sesame seed chicken. Absolutely delicious. I asked for both noodles and rice and I expected the usual half-assed scoops of both but this girl hooked it up big time on everything! Despite all these bad reviews I will definitely be a repeat customer!"  I won't be coming back." I can't recommend this place as I avoid eating here myself."  by the time I started eating I find out my chicken wasn't good it was acceptable but far away from the regular quality I can expect from them  I was told that ""this is all that they've got"" and they don't make anything else because they were closing soon. Excuuuuse me? Four-fifths of the food pans were all gone. A whole baseball team walked in after me and they were rudely discouraged from ordering I came to panda for lunch today and they have done an excellent job with getting a lot of customers thru the line quickly with top quality food. Last time I had a bad customer service experience but things have been great today. I can overlook the bad service of one customer service representative if the rest of them are excellent. Lately the quality of service at Panda has definitely deminished. I've have been a customer for a long time. When I ask for my plate to be made the way I like it I've been argued with by the employees. Most of the meat is made with alot of vegetables. Therefore when they serve you with the small entree that they give you for meat it seems to always be filled with more vegetables then meat. When I request for them to try not to give me so much vegetables I'm told that I will have a smaller portion of food not more meat. I simply don't understand why you would rather argue with your customer then to satisfy them. Obviously this company has become so big that the quantity of food left in there trays is more important then the quality of service they are giving. Very good food best when you go when they first open at 10:30 everything is fresh and tasty. Worse customer service ever!!! They don't don't even pay attention to what you're ordering!! And they were very greedy with the terriyaki sauce even though it doesn't affect them in any way to just fill it to the top. Definitely not coming back! "I can feed myself and my two lil kids here for less than $20...and we actually leave full. Food tastes good and remember to tell your 4 year old that the broccoli beef is made from Panda bear meat. People whip their heads around and almost give themselves whiplash when he says ""wow! This panda bear meat tastes soooo good!"" Lol"  until my boyfriend convinced me to try this location. This particular PE is exceptional in dish quality and freshness. I went to the drive-through Panda in Scottsdale...spare yourself the waste of money and disgusting slop you'll get there. The employees at this Panda are constantly cooking and changing out the hot foods. They display the fresh vegetables they use on a daily basis. With the open kitchen nLpV9fo8xml-QHOKyOje2A I'm writing this in line.... Only about 5 customers have been served in this time."  and I was disappointed when I found out they gave me the wrong plate. I called in to ask for a refund and they refused. Im never going back there again."  and your digestive system will thank you."  but this is by far the worst one I've ever had the displeasure of being dragged to. The ambience of the restaurant makes you feel as if you're eating your last meal in prison before being sent off to the chair. The food was gross and the food options were miniscule. I only had a few bites because I didn't like it and I was worried I'd get sick  which is probably better done across the street. Walked back out and will never return. The place is a rat hole! The building should be condemned." I'm giving them 5 stars because all the reviews on here is expecting 5 star dining for $5.. a bit unfair for an all you can eat place."  except if i have a massive craving for fried chicken." "this place sucked u walk in cash only had to go to chevron and pull money out biggest mistake i should have stayed out so its $6.95 with a drink and you have to get ice tea to get refills all the good ones u have to pay (not that the others were any better) another $1.40 (retarded) the selection is 4 or 5 dishes which include chicken "I have been going to this place for the last 7 years or more. It is what you expect for cheap Chinese food. It is even referred to by my wife a ""The Cheap Chinese Place"". The Sweet and Sour Pork is a staple. The egg rolls are awesome and the Ice Tea is cold.. most of the time. The ""To Go"" Order is an amazing amount of food for the price. I highly recommend this place for a try. Don't go in expecting the best but it's better than most."  what could you expect from a city that doesn't care about its outer look!"  that's it. The entire Golden Coin Buffet. Don't think you can wash down a bad meal with soda....no refills on the sodas at Golden Coin!!!!" The truth is that it was all of these things. Mike Kwan's Golden Coin is neither great nor terrible. The selection is limited I'm dropping stars because it seems impossible to get a refill on soda. So far it's been fifteen minutes and I thirsty as heck.  Is normally leave a tip  all of the Chinese food buffets had a thin sweet and sour sauce on crispy bits of breaded fried pork  there is more than one Chinese item among the food set out in large trays for an individual to return to as many times as they like.  In no other way does the Gold Coin overlap with common consumer expectation of a ""Chinese Buffet.""  So Drawbacks include the following: costly drink refills So in a nut shell . . . Food on the lower end of the scale . . . Price was CHEAP . . . and that is why it got 2 stars.  It might be another 10 years before I come back again."  most of the food is rather bland. If you need food without any spice (which could explain all the bottles of Tapatio at each table) or flavour The staff was friendly and the fried chicken is awesome! Not a huge buffet of items but if you like friend chicken and died rice this place is great!" Note that this is a CASH ONLY business. Just $2 for kids age four and under "Very affordable. Only $6.15 for an adult. Drinks are extra. Inside the restaurant was very clean despite the tables being well worn. They carry a small variety of food including your standard Chinese buffet items: fried rice Love this place been eating here since I can remember. I will definitely be going here for the rest of my life sMD2HPNh7m0hgCxHDzGTzQ Love this place most flavorful. Food selection ever. Love there crispy Chinese chicken and sweet and sour pork the most!  but the iced tea does!! They have a weekly rotation so there's a different special in addition to the always-popular sweet and sour pork every night. Definitely worth stopping by!" "If you are craving for Chinese food and on a tight budget then this is the place for you!! For the price you pay its a well worth it. Don't let the snobs scare you away The $5.98 Chinese buffet sign pulled me in. I have to admit I was pretty nervous pulling into the parking lot. The restaurant looked a little dated. But as so in as we got out of the car I could smell the food and it smelled great. There selection is limited but it definitely was worth the $6 we paid. The food was fresh properly seasoned and the staff was very friendly. I would definitely come here again. "I have to agree with Patti B. that this location pretty much sucks.  The service is just ok - they are far from friendly.  I've been in  a couple of times to pick up food and I have yet to be impressed.  I wanted to give them another chance tonight and I should not have bothered.  The food is not so good.  I'd rather go to Pita Jungle or Thai Llana any day!  The spring rolls are greasy and room temperature and the tofu is pretty nasty.  I had some kind of udon noodle dish and threw most of it in the garbage.  Use your 'free entree' coupon to save $$ one night "They get three stars for the quick takeout and I do like the curry and lettuce wraps.  I'll be the first to admit that the food isn't great I like Pei-Wei and this place is a great location. It's also close to my house. I thought their service was great. I've always  enjoyed their Tofu dishes.  you give Pad Thai a bad name." i may consider trying it again if i need to grab a really quick bite  a huge sapporo and my table number was not thrilling. I remember rice...tofu...a few vegetables. It was spicy. there was no broccoli. Meh  and tasty.  It meets my expectations for what it is.  Do you go into KFC and expect your chicken was actually fried in Kentucky?  Oh wait I will go back to this Pei Wie and I will try others.  I think places like this can be hit or miss and that's why they get a bad rap.  But there is a niche for everything and this is one of those niche type places.  I liked it.  So sue me.  I also did not realize that Pei Wie is part of the P.F. Chang's francise.  I like P.F. Chang's too.  There I said it!  So hIWlVkf-N1Yzj7I-dfF7qA  order online! Way fast and you even get 25% your entire order the first tiem you do. Love it!"  Im not a fan of the pungent dressing.. I get the chile sauce instead.. vietnamese rolls.. and its not so unhealthy.. NOW my friends that usually nosh with me.. hate the foods they get.. they say it every time I suggest this place.. who knows? Since I  havent really tried anything from my norm salad.. I cant say.. but for me its a strong 3.."  but you can not go wrong with their Spicy Pei Wei chicken salad"  and I love Asian food.  This is the only real place my wife likes.  So we eat here alot.  This location is sometimes slow but I alwasy enjoy the food.  We order online  you will be forever missed"  what I got was 3 lbs of noodles in an overly sweet sauce with a few julienne carrots and few sprouts. The chicken was dry and chewy. I just don't get the draw."  then the spots at the front of Walgreen's on the east side are always opened. All you have to do is walk around the corner and BAM! You're at Pei Wei."  and they know it's me. It's quick and easy. I have take-out menu at my house and order my dinner for the evening. Most times it only take 15 minutes  which is good because that parking lot gets SUPER full with Pita Jungle in the same area." 9Vu9KhK2-kBSM-FXvxXGNg  she realized it was sauceless. She then asked one of the ""servers"" (I don't know a better term for guy who brings food you ordered from counter to table and cleans off plates but didn't take your order) for some. We tossed it into the noodles and it made a big difference This is a great place to go when you want something quick but don't want to put fast food in your body. This is quality food without spending an hour and a half getting a meal. They also add a seasonal or new dish quite often so there is always something new to try. Think these would do well in CA. They should expand. Went here with friends and have been to other locations. This location was different than the rest though.the food came out overlooked to the point of tasting burned. Was not impressed. This place has been a favorite of mine since it opened as a cheaper and faster alternative to Pf. Chang's. I almost always order the Pad Thai and/or the Lettuce Wraps. Both of which are amazing. I always make I stop at Pei Wei when visiting AZ. Oh and the new Soda machine is amazing. So when I'm on my way home from work I'll call  I sometimes have to park at the other end of the lot. I think some people abuse those special parking spots! And B) The order is never usually ready by the time stated on the online order. Most times I wait about 5 minutes past. The staff is always friendly and until they do something horribly wrong Only thing I've tasted so far that was palatable is the Wonton Soup. their pad thai is not bad at all!"  and told me that if I did not like what I ordered to just tell him and he would get me something new. I work in the restaurant business (a much higher priced place) and this manager was awesome! Good job man!"  Pei Wei maybe next time I'll even dine in for a change :-)" 9Vu9KhK2-kBSM-FXvxXGNg  ""Offer valid for one complimentary Diner Select with the purchase of another entree. Complimentary Diner Select must be of equal or lesser value to purchase entree. Valid entrees include SIGNATURE DISHES "The staff at this location was very friendly but I was not impressed by the food. It was too salty and lacking in other flavors. It may have been the dish I had because I have heard good things from others. However  pick a dish where the Tofu is fried in the wok  but I'm typically one who doesn't like spicy food as I find it takes away instead of enhances the flavor. I wasn't too hungry and decided to take the chicken fried rice. I have to say that my favorite chicken fried rice is the one from Tottie's in Scottsdale that not only is delicious but always gives me left overs for lunch the next day. Portion was ok though the fried rice was a little sweet and the person I was dining with had the chicken lettuce wrap which wasn't too bad either. Service was disappointing as our food took about 10 minutes to come On non food note - this place is bathroom baby friendly with a changing station. And as a new mom  but the caramel chicken and Thai dynamite chicken are both pretty good. The crab wontons always seem to be cold and not at all crispy by the time I get them v26k4Bzy9GiLLlSmDk8LfA  beef. A most desirable appetite for the hungry man. Couldn't take this to heart."  and this particular location has always been good to me. For a quick meal this is about as good as it gets. Pei Wei is a step above any takeout type Chinese food place  but I will say this. The caramel chicken takeout dish comes with a separate small container for the vegetable slaw that goes on top. There is absolutely no excuse for a piece of broken eggshell the size of a thumbnail finding its way into the slaw container. Not to mention there was raw egg goop still attached to it. This has been one of several issues I've recently had with this location's food and service. The previous two times And about the food...yeah it's awesome. I love the sweet and sour combo (chicken and shrimp) on white rice or the spicy chicken!" I'd prolly eat here again if it was thee LAST place open and McDonald's has exploded. But for now Thanks for the lies. Thanks for the disgusting food. And thanks for asking Yelp to take down my previous review." I like this in comparison to PF Changs.  Each dish is $5-$7 bucks cheaper and its set up like a take out or eat in.  Fast service and really good food.   Some of our favs are the Vietnamese chicken salad which is like an egg roll in rice paper.  If you have never tried them check it out.  Also love the Chicken Pad Thai and pretty much everything else they have for that matter. was very understanding about the fact that I was upset about having to come back so he compensated for my time. This experience wont keep me from coming back. The food was good as usual" My 12 year old daughter and I just returned from this location and we both got very sick.  She had the orange chicken and me the Pad Thai w chicken.  Gross I defintely recommend Pei Wei. the prices are reasonable and although for me its a bit boring. its a nice place to get a decent meal in a clean friendly atmosphere." "Tasty Asian American style  food. I go there about 4 times a week. The food is always hot and fresh. Clean restaurant manager Veronica delivers the best service. I ordered a dish that was too salty and she was courteous all the way and made sure I got a different dish. Thank you for the excellent service!  could use some extra cleaning here and there for faster seating especially on busy nights but overall a great bang for your buck"  sometimes it's great sometimes mediocre.  It seems to be best eating in.  The soda machine is the coke product machine where you have 85000 choices so that's nice.  They have updated the menu sizing and offering some new items.  My biggest pet peeve there is often you receive your appetizer and entree at the same time.  For 2 people it could look like 2 pigs at a trough lol.  They are getting better at it though.  Best place for Kung Pao" Probably would come back here and try the other sauces.  Not too bad!"  no complaints from me!" But on an individual dinner basis I have been disappointed. Also they are running a gift card special and have the signs almost hidden. I spent $170 for the office party wouldn't it have been nice for someone to point them out. Why have the offer and not promote it.????"  if you like PF Changes you'll love Pei Wei. Same company and very similar food."  but I took it as an opportunity to meet others that were waiting too. The staff was very polite despite the chaos.  The food was fresh and savory!" It is what it is...if you need Asian food quick and you want to know you probably won't get food poisoning it's a decent option in a city with pretty poor Asian options... Guess who is no longer going there?" Cashier was very quiet. Could not hear her. Almost slipped on some water walking to table. Food was great and person serving it was very nice. I dont get why people hate on Pei Wei its delicious food really fast . You can actually see the people make your food so its not like other chinese resteraunts where you just assume there preparing it fresh."  but your service needs a lot of work. I put in an order on the web and you guys completely forgot about me. I never got an apology or moment of concern regarding my order. I had to wait for you to re-cook my meal which was supposed to be done 25 minutes ago. Your service sucks and I never should had paid full price for my meal. If I wasn't in such a hurry to go to dance (which I missed anyway because i had to wait an extra 25 minutes) I honestly would have complained in person. Sure I'll give you another shot  and great sushi for not being a sushi place. Great service. Only downside is parking can be rough during two hour lunch rush" A real peach you got there."  2015. I ordered a chicken entre but the person who took my order confused it and they made the wrong kind of chicken. (Sesame instead of honey seared.) I offered to take the wrong order since it was made but You just have to hit the right Pei Wei for the best experience."  really???) and stopped by Pei Wei to satisfy that craving. The lady who took my order was really nice and the guy that delivered my food to the table was quick and attentive. Very pleased." Orange chicken w/ fried rice wasn't to my expectations. Rice wasn't fully cooked plus not enough orange sauce to cover all of my chicken.. Sorry but I will pass by and head to Panda Express next time  there were a few forks but the bottom of the container was so disgusting and the fork tines were sitting in it so I opted for chopsticks. These containers obviously don't get washed.  On the way back from the bathroom I looked into the kitchen.  I've never seen a kitchen so bad. And the cooking area had so much grease on the floor "Pei Wei is always consistent with their food and service  got the order correct. My Mongolian beef was good but my two kids meals were absolutely pathetic. Why even offer kids meals if you don't put any effort into them? Terrible! Don't even waste your money. Unfortunately  never been to one I didn't really enjoy the service and quality of the food!  I actually prefer Pei Wei to PF Changs!" Took 50 min to get my take out order and the lady's response was that's what happens when they get busy.  I realized why it didn't look right; Scallions still missing!! WTF? How hard is it to get such a simple order right??? Perhaps if the cook read English....he could have actually discerned how I ordered my meal. Perhaps if the people working today actually gave a rat's behind about customer service and doing it right  such a great personality and quick to assist!! Love it!"  the food at this location just didn't hit the spot. I guess the customer service took away my hunger. Oh well Ordered food to-go. The staff was very friendly. The food was delicious. The only problem was I ordered lettuce wraps and when I got back there was no lettuce Pei Wei use to be somewhat of a fun good experience. They seem to have become the subway of Chinese now. The food is chewy. Sauces are never proportionate. The rice is dry.  It's too bad. "Went on a Sunday evening. It was a nice time to show up since most of the tables were empty. Food can out fast and fresh. Our server as friendly. Seems like a nice relaxed asmosphere. My only peeve about this location and shopping strip is the lack of parking for all establishments around  lettuce wrap seemed a lil off. They were out of at least 3 of the bases for refreshments in thier machine. ITs one of the fancy choose your base and your flavor machines by coke. There was no Hi C Lately they don't seem to have fortune cookies anymore." I called to complain and was told to take it up with their online form. I never heard back. I don't plan on hearing back.  Eat here at your own risk - and don't assume everything will be edible." Got the regular size meal and it was TINY!  Did not even feel me up!  and my chopsticks... sigh... but food was way better than last time so... will try again. They need to get the kinks out "Yuck!  Not Chinese food. High salt American food with a side of rice and an Asian name. There is  real Chinese place that serves good stuff almost right across the street.  It's called little Shanghai.  Real food. Or there is  a vegan place at like 20th and Indian school "The food at Little Shanghai is plentiful and reasonably priced.  The architecture and ambiance is a little dated but still has a high level of authenticity that is fitting and functional.  I haven't been to a better chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  The house chicken is to crave for late at night in your  refrigerator.  The sizzling beef should be a little more dangerous The decor is very 80's: grey tones and tons of mirrors with the strangest bathrooms ever. The stalls clearly used to be showers and the it is creepily well lit. Blinding even. Very strong smell in the restrooms also I checked this place out based on the Yelp reviews and I must admit.... The food was great and prices are good. We will be going back in the near future!!  dinner and my drinkin' needs met. And it's cheap enough to order out and have an awesome Chinese dinner at home. Recommendations: The house sesame chicken There were lots of locals eating there. If I lived in the area I'd be a regular." This is my favorite chinese restaurant!  I go about twice and month and if I lived closer I would go more often.  Their mongolian beef is great!  Their lunch special is a great deal if you dine in.  good prices but service was slow as molases and there was only 3 other tables occupied when we we there."  there was certainly nothing about the decor to recommend eating in versus takeout." The house fried rice is tasty and the egg rolls are pretty good. It looks like I need to try this Pu Pu Plater everyone is raving about." This place has pretty good. Food was fresh and the service was good. Just not the best chinese food I have had in phoenix. Let's just say it wasn't the best meal I ever had." We spent a casual 2 hours with great food in a comfy place for twenty bucks apiece including wine and beers.  the food was fresh and properly prepared - a good Chinese restaurant catering to Arcadia Honkies." I.do not care what anyone says if you are in the mood for greasy delicious and heavy chinese go here...the mooshu pork and house fried rice are delicious...the sesame chicken and potstickers are to die for...gave it 4 stars because the decor is not great and the service is touch and go but its great if want great take out!!! They deliver too!!! Yay!! Just ordered food from here this evening for delivery. I have NO idea how this place gets 4 1/2 stars on here.  It was the worst chinese food I have ever eaten.  We ordered sesame chix which was soggy and gross. The eggrolls were overpriced and are more like a spring roll. the lomein is okay but will never get food from here again.  its like going next door to your friends house and having her Chinese Grandma cook for you!  Down home  there usually isn't a huge crowd for dinner (I'm not sure about lunch).  The decor isn't much to look at  still great food and service!!!!!!!!!!"  fresh ingredients and awesome staff. Doesn't look like much from the outside and inside is kinda plain and basic but the food is D'lish! I took some friends that didn't like Lo Mien ordered food while at work not only did we get about food over an hour late  but i've had better frozen eggrolls than this place and the rice was terrible. Definately have had much better food in the valley. I wouldn't go out of my way to head down this way to Little Shanghai unless there was a reason to be in the area  I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the combination noodle soup; I really enjoyed it; but only thing would be do not put in soy sauce in the soup; it was a little dark for me This place must have an insect infestation. About a month ago my sister ordered take out and found a cricket in her almond chicken. When she called and confronted them about the situation they showed no remorse or shock. The next day she took the food back. What is really disburing about this is that when I shared the story with my best friend she said she had a fly on her plate several years ago. I will never eat here again. "My very favorite Chinese food place in AZ. I have been going there for about 15 years now and the food is consistently delicious. The honey dipped wings are amazing! Poo Poo platter = yum. The house fried rice = yum. The shrimp chow mien =yum. I haven't tasted anything on their menu that I didn't love. Great service  so that's appreciated.  Delivery usually takes 45 minutes on a standard night.  Only complaint is that we've gotten food that is a little cold  good and lots of it.  Their lunch specials are very affordable.  Service was friendly and fast.  I always get their almond chicken and it is delicious.  Spring rolls are good as are the fried wonton.  I understand the soup is really good as well.  I've been back a few times and it is always good.  Getting lunch from there today for myself and two co-workers. :)"  Mongolian beef. I took a few bites and i was disgusted how raw the beef was. I don't mean med rare or rare. I mean raw! It was so unappetizing I just threw it in the trash. I can't find one redeeming quality about what I ate. Don't even get me started on the wife's entree and soup! Yuck! However  not just under cooked.  We stopped to  alert the management.  They refused to reverse the charges even though we dropped off their food to show them. The ridiculous reply was. ""You bit into the wings "Great treatment.  Tasty food.  Clean.  Friendly.  Price is right.  Very accommodating.  My first thought for Chinese food is to patronize Little Shanghai.  Bring your business here.  Even if you live a bit far away Very good food! Fast delivery!  but the rest of our order left a lot to be desired.  The crab puffs were missing a key ingredient....the crab!!!  That was really disappointing.  The beef and broccoli and cashew chicken didn't score high marks with our group.  Not sure we will give them another try."   bring the family.  I prefer lunch because you get more but dinner is great too.  Great service A fake plant in the corner was so thick with dust it made me question the cleanliness of the kitchen. Every door was dirty even the entrance doors which were glass and easy to clean. Food was not awesome. oh & I went into labor a few hours after this to top it all off. thanks little shanghai "The $6.50 lunch special here is an incredible deal. You get soup to start Nice food for the price. Typical American Chinese food. Portions were good and the cuts of meat were very good and tender. Sauces were good without being too sweet. Definitely will eat there again. Overpriced. Horrible food. An hour and 15 minute wait - are you kidding me? We won't be going back!!!  crab puffs and mixed fried rice. What a disappointing experience. The order was submitted at 5:52pm and it arrived -cold- at 7:06. The ribs where as ""hard"" to bite into as a piece of wood. The crab puffs appeared stale and tasteless. The only passable item in the order was the rice. The driver  reliable Chinese delivery in the center of town!" By far the best Chinese food in the valley. The interior decor is terribly dated and looks straight out of late 80s early 90s nightclub and lots of ceiling tiles need replacing. Many would view this as a drawback but they don't get the genius. The staff is friendly and familiar. Hot & Sour soup is the best item on the menu. Beef sticks are a close 2nd. The only mediocre dish is the duck. Overall a great place at a great price!!!! Would give them 10 stars if I could The waitress said they will be open through all the holidays including Xmas and New Year's.  Something to remember if you don't feel like cooking...." Over prices for quality! No lobster in seafood platter. Pushy and rude waitress. Owner picked his nose behind the bar before making a Mai tai! Seriously. Great authentic Chinese food! Will definitely be back. Doesn't look like much from the outside but it's what's inside that counts and it was amazing. "$35 for some noodles and burnt chicken. Wow. However Great take out. Sesame chicken a must try. Good stable for those nights when cooking is just too much. "Delivery took over 1.5 hrs.  Food was average but was not pleased with the delivery time The delivery time has always been about twenty minutes shorter than what was quoted. Every time. I love it. Thank you for a dependable For what it is - straight up Americanized Chinese food - this place is a great deal for great flavor. We usually can't go wrong with the sauted spicy shrimp and the string beans. The Hoisin beef is also really delicious.  Delivery is quick and they've never gotten our order wrong. It's definitely become our go-to for Chinese takeout. "Went here for the lunch special last week for the first time. I ordered the beef broccoli which came with egg flower soup first which was deliciously fresh and hot. Then came the lunch platter! Wow! Beef broccoli  atmosphere and seating arrangement. The staff is always extremely friendly and more than happy to cater to requests. Food is great for dine in  I've been coming here for 24 years I didn't know that they changed ownership!  They took the pretty art off the wall wouldn't know where you are by looking no art at all looks like a bar and they changed the almond clicked it comes in big chunks and the vegetables too and they charged me for hot tea! Won't be back "My family and I have been eating here for over ten years and love it. The ownership changed in the past year or two and for a while the food seemed a little different Ive been here twice in the past two years. Both for lunch hour. They were extremely slow both times(first time was with a work group of 15 and the second 3 weeks ago was 3 of us). Its good food nothing too special though. They have lunch specials and regular menu. I ordered the teriyaki chicken and it was delicious!  The portion size was big  the shrimp was rubbery and had a very intense fishy smell. The Mongolian beef had a weird taste to it and made my friend sick. The orange chicken was bland. Probably won't be ordering again. Boo I was hopeful by previous reviews."  almost always for lunch. A great spot for great Chinese food at a good price. Love this place..." Obsessed with their Orange Chicken:) Love how nice they are and I am supper picky when it comes to Chinese food. This will definitely be a regular lunch spot since it is so close to work." I don't know what they put in their food but it's soooo addicting! I order the chow mein and potstickers all the time and it's so good!  I also love that they deliver which makes it easy when I'm really lazy to cook. Tried it based on ratings and pleasantly surprised.   Food was delicious anf fresh.  My new go-to Chinese delivery for sure.  those are the two highlights. I ordered a shrimp dish that was so bland I couldn't tell which bites had the shrimp or were just white rice. The other dish was chicken and i took a few bites of it and wish it's only problem was blandness. Yuck.....those two dishes with one large rice and a large lemonade cost me over $30 never again" Good but not great. Some dishes are inconsistent but Phoenix is not the best city for Chinese They have a great beer selection and the service is always friendly." Only thing good here is the grandma salad and terr chicken. Everything else ordered hurt everyone's stomach after they ate it. Heads up!  real stuff.  Owned by real Chinese.  We have gone here for twenty years. Always a good and an honest meal at quite a fair price. Not cheap but not expensive. Quite nice inside too. I heartily recommend it. Get one of the big I feel like I am like a 20 year smoker reviewing Parliament's. If you've never been wLZ--5d4lXImxrG7VhdTyA The store is clean and I have never had any problem with them." I will consider if I will ever eat at a panda again  it's a long steam table in a cruddy shopping plaza.  I'm not expecting gourmet food here. I am usually happy with what I get "In for an early lunch. Restaurant was clean & employees were polite "This is fast food Chinese . Most dishes are deep fried but it's quick and reasonably priced. Best dishes are orange chicken  being beef and king pay chicken I usually don't complain about Panda Express for yet the food is great and somewhat cheap. However this visit was disappointing. When my boyfriend and I walked in right from the start there was not enough food out and what was there was old and you can tell it must have been sitting  out there for some time. When we got our order the Orange chicken tasted dried out. Overall the food was old. Very disappointed. Good service. Good food. Good ppl. Panda always does the job  but no more panda. Health reasons Panda is usually good for a quick fast food Asian bowl.  It is good when they have a large selection of fresh cooked items and the trays are stocked.  Depending on when you get there the selection can leave a lot to be desired with only a few sad and lonely dry entrees.  If you get there when they have fresh stuff it is rather good.  I like the one item bowl with rice.  The Kung Pao chicken actually has a little kick to it which is a nice surprise.  The lo mien is good but can be a little oily.  Beat to stick to rice.  The sweet items on the menu are way to sweet for me so I usually get a kung pao chicken or broccoli beef.  The portion is good - not too much and you feel as though you are eating somewhat healthy.  Love the ices teas they have because here in Arizona that is crucial.  1 person was serving and was very slow about it. There was only 1 person ahead of me and I waited about 5 minutes before she was able to help me.  Also I took my food to go and was not given any napkins or even a fork."  and there is absolutely no rice made. He tells me it will be a few minutes. Then he gives me my drink cups to fill. Now why did I choose specific beverages online if I was going to have to fill them myself anyways? I waited an additional 12 minutes for them to prepare the rice and assemble my meals. That's a long time considering you can walk in and get what you want immediately. Not sure I'd do the online thing again. Maybe they're still working the kinks out. At least the last apologized when I mentioned my concerns."  safe and tame alternative to figuring which Chinese take out places haven't violated any Maricopa County Health Dept. codes.  Amen on the more preferable wait vs. its monstrous cousin PF.  Personally There are better places to eat Chinese than any of the Pei Wei's in my opinion." Pei Wei-- I miss the good times."  and a good variety on the menu. Food is served quickly and the place is always very clean. Love the crab cakes and spring rolls! I agree with the previous review about the parking lot I don't go to Pei Wei so much anymore. Long lines and inadequate service keep me from venturing in their door on any whim. I will order ahead and pick up. They rarely get my order right The bad news - I just really don't get it. It is like Pei Wei with a few odd items and higher prices. The portions and prices have been reduced I won't be returning to this location." Stopped for dinner. Lettuce Wraps are amazing.. Crab Ragoons could use some more cream cheese.. overall not a bad meal.  it is NOT a good thing. My family was thoroughly disappointed in the quality of food that was served. The portions were smaller  then don't eat here and  check yelp first. Don't dog businesses because you're expecting authentic. Seriously!  LOL....  Another plus is they have free wi-fi. I love it.  :)" Had the Korean Lettuce Wraps and an Asian Chicken Salad on 06/02. The lettuce wraps were good but the Asian Chicken Salad had a long hair in it. I sent it back and another salad was given to me without dressing. I thought I was imagining things so I had my friend taste it. He agreed there was no dressing. I got a refund and went to Paradise Bakery down the street. I really like Pei Wei but I will never go back to this location. It seems like they just don't care.  curry chicken and Szechuan green beans. It was all really good and reasonably priced!!  Loved the green beans!!" And then we came in again tonight (Tuesday) and I didn't catch her name but she's brunette with a long pony tail and has a tattoo covering her right forearm. I asked her questions about my honey chicken and vegetables and how it was such a small amount compared to last time and she offered to bring more vegetables. What a way to make someone's dining experience even better. Thank you for being so friendly !"  but I have to go to 44th and Indian School to get my fix since that location is true to the original concept from 2002."  but I dislike this particular location. I went to eat dinner with my friend yesterday and the service was not very good. The guy at the register didn't seem to know what he was doing. He was trying to give me my change and was out of pennies. He asked his other two co-workers what he should do ad they didn't seem to know either. I told him don't worry about it because it seemed as if I would be standing there for ages waiting for pennies. We sat down and ate and when we were finished we both had leftovers. Usually at other locations  easy and on the light side.  Love the online ordering for take out and eating there us pleasant too.  Love the spicy chicken salad and the iced tea is amazing.  I get both kinds and mix them. If you want vegetarian they jave really good firm soy they can add instead of meat.  Nice spices and some fiery dishes and cooling ones too.  A great meal where you know what tou are getting." PxqufEwqzIHAbQGRdZ3bUw So...Just wanted to give you the heads up when you consider ordering small or original."  neither girl acknowledges me whatsoever but I am clearly standing at the counter waiting to be helped. A young man comes and asks the girls if I have been helped and without looking up the both respond no. He helps me and is friendly and fast so I am not completely furious. I still tipped the staff because I work in the industry  hardly crowded and clean! The Wasabi Crunch Roll is my fave1 Good for fast good tasting sushi on the go. Next Fave is the Steak Mongolian Beef with Brown Rice  I haven't been back here since the remodel. & I will not come back again. If I wanted to go to a Panda Express I would have went to a Panda Express. it is a Friday night at 9 o'clock and this restaurant is empty. we used to come here all the time and it was always packed. shame on Pei Wei for changing the format to a fast food restaurant"   but it struck me as odd. I've never been asked that before.  9 cents is hardly a big deal but I hope this isn't going to become a trend. Wouldn't. Like.  That." The dishes wet about all average with the little flare of adding rice pop chips to their dishes. The seasons is on point their sushi are very poor with quality tho yelled we're on a budget. They most memorable moment was the curious hostess who helped bring out food to the table and even getting us condiments when asked. Their cashiers were not knowledgeable with their choices and options.. They are driven by their options of food the corp offers. Over all it's a-okay.. And nothing amazing to revisit again."  I watched a young gentleman with longer hair checking people out. I noticed he kept running his hands through his hair constantly. Which my first thought was  has a great ambiance and they move the line along at a decent pace. The food is ok. The dining area view of the street is cool."  ........What mango? Ya need a microscope to locate it. The Pad Thai is flavorful. I had mine with chicken and it was moist and juicy and the noodles were not overcooked. The green onions need to be sliced instead of simply throwing in large chunks into the dish."   not in this case. It is just ok now. We were not impressed the last few times." what..the...heck..is...that...SMELL???!!! I nearly puked! had to leave.hope you guys don't have a gas leak or something. geesh. get that FIXED! Love this place! I just found out they are owned by PF Changs and that they are a fast food version. The mongolian beef is spectacular and Im very happy with the quality! The portions are perfect and the staff is always friendly. "I've been to Pei Wei restaurants all over the north valley and the quality of the food does vary.  This particular restaurant is/was one of the better ones until I had the Pad Thai noodles with tofu take out last night.  Excellent actually until I started chewing on the rubber band in my food. Lost all interest after that.  Disappointed to say the least - I understand that they probably have no issues 99% of the time but I won't be going back for awhile I come here all the time. I either order Thai Dynamite or Kung Pao chicken. Delicious!! I will recommend this place to anyone. Customer service is number 1! "We visited during lunch.  All empty tables were dirty - all eight tables. It was lunchtime and busy.  I asked twice to have tables cleaned - other customers asked to have them cleaned as well - our requests were ignored. There seemed to be enough staff - perhaps those staff members felt it was beneath them to clean the tables?  We had ordered our food 'to go' but while waiting decided we would eat inside.  Fortunately our food was 'to go' as we wound up sitting in the parking lot to eat because of the lack of available Argh. First time to this location. 6:30 Thursday pm. No sushi. No silverware. No water cups. Service like McDonald's counter. Never again! I will not willingly go or eat pei wei again unless I have to."  licking his fingers and patting another employee on the back - that he was using those same gloves to prepare a to-go order!  To be fair - I guess he could have changed gloves on one of his quick trips to the back are of the kitchen - but it is questionable.  I brought this to the attention of the very young 'manager' on duty and he apologized.  He did take the cook off the line to the back kitchen area with both returning about 5 minutes later.  While I enjoy the food  Scottsdale AZ 85255  P:  480.888.3000) along with 'Be Our Guest' cards in the amount of $30 to be used on a future visit.  I have enjoyed Pei Wei over the years and will continue to be a customer; however I come here from time to time to get some lunch on weekdays.  There's always a line (which is good cause that means the food isn't sitting out too long- it's being ordered and eaten!) but the employees serve quickly.  fast and convenient food.  This location is always fresh because it's so busy.  The staff is great and they make Chinese take out less of a chore!  It's all good." I remember when I would go to panda and really  think it was a chinese or asian place." Line moving slow. 15 mins to start ordering. Got order in and stood there while 4 people behind me in line were told to check out ahead of me while I waited for one of the 5 people working the line to cut chicken. Then was told an 8 minute wait for egg rolls. I passed at least a dozen restaurants to get here. Next time I'll go to one of those. "This is the second time in a row that I have stopped in first time about a month ago approx 2pm this time 830pm. Both visits exceptional! Store is clean (table I love Panda! They are very quick to get you in and out as well as make sure you have everything you need!  but what you gonna do?" "I love Panda Express their food is so good and they are always coming up wit something new! My favorite food is the sweet fire chicken! Try it next time you're in! One thing though i always seem to get sick after eating here but their service is a bit rude and rushed and uninformative.Also they dont have some of the good dishes that are available in California(I am from there)."  let me stop badgering them...their food is always delicious and we will continue to go their. Today was just a little off-eh! Everyone is entitled to a bad day here and there. And their spring rolls are always a must with our meal and I enjoy their jasmine tea on ice. :-)" Place was a little busy and kinda unclean but the food was fresh and the portions were big so I'm happy. I love panda express. Best way to get decent Chinese food fast and not at a crazy expensive price. Not to mention you can order online "I've give her if I had the option the people who work here are beyond rude and lazy and had all of their product off the line 20 minutes before close and refuse to make anything saying it was too close to closing. I work in the restaurant industry and if we have the unpleasant surprise of somebody walking in even three minutes before close and want to order 5 of the hardest dishes to make off the menu you better believe our cooks as sad and upset to know that they will be there another hour even longer "The food here was the freshest I have ever had at Panda Express. It actually tasted really good compared to all the other ones I have been to.  Excellent customer service Don't come if you like brown rice because if your a customer that likes brown rice they don't care about you. When they run out tough luck. "I absolutely love this location! The staff is the friendliest I have come across! Even when this place is crazy busy Place was a little busy and kinda unclean but the food was fresh and the portions were big so I'm happy. Terrible!!  They are super crowded and will never take the order right. Please check the bag before you go. Very rude serving people. Stay away from this place. They hate you make them repeat their question even if it is already loud inside. They give you rude face and shout up to ask again. Very impolite personalities. How do people eat this crap it's horrible food go to pei Wei it's a step up for the same price. "This is one of my kid's favorite place. He love orange chicken  and their are maybe 5 items at best to choose from.   Teeny boppers seem to love it though  and string bean chicken.  I also added on a chicken egg roll.  The restaurant had several families It's Panda.  You know what you're getting and it is average food for an average price.  I can't eat here very often though.  something is not quite right about the food they serve at this one.  Or maybe I just stopped eating Panda Express or it's always been this way and I've been spoiled with delicious Chinese food in SF.  It's not fair for me to compare Panda with that  I would have just walked out......    They need to check them more often and just don't put a Wet Floor sign up  but ignored it and ended up with room temperature orange chicken and burnt fried rice. Last time I was here the rice was burnt then too  because both their iced tea options are flavored."  they were super friendly and seasoned enough to handle the line w/out too long of a wait. Kudos to the lady who helped me. She was on it!"  but I gotta tell you that their Orange Chicken is to die for.  The store at Thunderbird and 40th Street is fast (usually) and offers hot and fresh food.  Expect to stand in line (out the door) if you arrive between 5-6 p.m. on weekdays.  Overall  I would.  Every single employee always smiles and is very friendly.  The food is always fresh.  This is my favorite panda and it is close to where I work.  We come here often for take out  and I have never had a bad experience." "Obviously there are more gourmet Chinese food restaurants around... but Panda always hits the spot for me.  The service is always speedy and friendly (at all of the many locations I've visited)   but you can't beat the friendly workers and consistent fresh eats. My new favorite is the honey walnut shrimp. I usually get that for both choice." Had to wait for a few entrees to cook but they apologized and gave me a small entree for my wait which was super cool since I didn't even complain about the wait :) Every time I show up at 8 or 830 they don't have any food left to serve and ALWAYS ask me to wait while they cook.  The last time I showed up they had the food I asked for but instead of giving it to me they gave it to some people that ordered it on the Internet that were not even there yet.  I think if they close at 9 they should be be prepared to serve to customers till that time and not close 30 minutes prior to the stated time forcing customers to wait.  The people who work at this store have been treating me like this CONSISTENTLY a and it shows what kind of work ethics they have.  I'll never frequent Panda Express again. "For a quick fix it's good but don't  come at 5. A line almost out the door one server Repeated disappointed customer" The service tonight was fast and efficient. We time it perfectly because while we were leaving the line now stretched out the door."  as this was the quickest and easiest place for my mom and I to dine.  Who can pass up all of the Chinese food you can fit in your gut this fast?  Lim's offers the unlimited buffet all day long or you can dine right off their menu for food made-to-order.  A large take-out plate is only $5.65 plus tax and that gets you everything on their buffet line except the drink.  If you'd rather pick and choose I will not return to Lim's and I suggest you not go either." i hope they add more items to their take-out menu as choices are few and gets to be boring at some point." Still buzzing from the weird msg high.  No sir The neighborhood and cliental have changed over the years but a good value for your money hasn't ."  everything is fresh and hot which is a plus @ a buffet. Been here for over 20 years If you are desperate and pressed for time  if you care at all about your health you will never dine here. yeah it's super cheap but you get what u pay for  but the restaurant itself has improved over the years. It's cleaner and nicer although the decor is pretty much the same." If I want to dredge up those memories and the price is just right!"  they didn't do anything ""wrong"" but they don't do anything right either." Great food at a great price.  and the lo mein (why are people saying it's spam? it was definitely chicken).  The fries were also great  I did come up with a great idea though; bring in a funnel and a gallon jug and when you get all the food to the table  only $7.25 for Dinner buffet (drink is $1.75 extra) per person.. Less for Lunch buffet.."  crab puffs and chicken wings In town. It's also super affordable and the waitresses are always super nice . I highly recommend to take your family here ." Overall Score: B almost minus"  just recently i visited the doctor and he told me that i was cured of diabetes. Lims can create miracles and is yummy" get a large box to go and it feeds the whole family! the food isn't the best quality Chinese food obviously but it's not bad! we always get an extra small box of sea same chicken which is probably the tastiest dish here "I drive past this place everyday on the way to school. My husband and I had a craving for some (a lot of) Chinese food so I decided we should check this place out. First off let me warn you I have been eating here at least once a month for over 2 years. Very family friendly atmosphere with good food; good value for the money. Excellent asset to the neighborhood.  greasy Americanized Chinese food. Clean your damn restrooms! Chicken thigh meat in the chicken and broccoli. Hot and sour was pure barf. Dark." LGLOtR2e-v74MpB51k8hxQ  and this is a good local Chinese restaurant. I've been going here since I was 3 or 4 and I'm gonna keep going here every once in a while for as long as I can. It is family friendly  surly staff....then the food - gross chicken surrounded by gobs of greasy syrupy breading......we used to go here years ago and thought it was decent for what it was - a little cheap chinese place in the 'hood....but this time all we could choke down was the hot/sour soup...won't be back."  we decided to give this place a try. Clearly it is a dive which we do not mind at all as long as the food is good. The food was awful. Everything on the buffet had clearly been sitting there for who knows how long and the selection was pitiful. The chicken was so dry I kept thinking of the scene in Christmas Vacation when the turkey explodes into dust when they cut into it. We sampled pretty much everything they had to offer on the buffet and it was all terrible. Even the sodas were watered down. I'm baffled at the average and up ratings that others have given this place. We clearly weren't expecting 5 star out of a dive but this was pathetic."  and the prices can't be beat.  In the whole world of Chinese restaurants is this a 5 star "We moved to Arizona a couple years ago and had been searching for a decent small Chinese buffet ever since since those mega buffets are ALL terrible. We live out in Surprise but will actually make the drive all the way over to Lim's if we're in the mood for Chinese because it's simply THAT much better than any of the dozen or so other places we've tried since moving out here. No "Another hole-in-the-wall good Chinese buffet restaurant.  If you are looking for a lot of ambiance and variety - this is not the place for you.  If you are looking for good food with value then you are at right place.  The French fries "Definitely a ""hole in the wall"" place but the food & service was as good as anywhere else."  but my family loved EVERYTHING we had.... even ironically the french fries." I don't know that i will rush back  just fixing the sign would brighten this place so much more.  Can't believe it stayed in business for so long.  I think it is due to the line up for take out by mainly the Mexicans in the neighborhood." "Was a go to for cheap chineese. That was until i observed the owner pick his nose while he was eating his lunch. He then continued to ring out customers "I have been coming here for almost 20 years! The selection is slim but all you need. They have the BEST crab puffs EVER! They have these thick French fries that are the best I have ever had! I know all the employees there. They know my family and my kids and even ask about my kids when I go in there alone. I usually take food to go and NO  too. The two types of sushi that were there weren't even tasty. The deserts (cookie and donut-type) were horrible because they weren't even sweet or appetizing. I'm never coming back to this place and neither should you. They call it an all you can eat with bad food and there's no shrimp and NO SEAFOOD AT ALL. Sucks."  never again !!! The food is either over or under cooked the chow mein has no taste whatsoever the rice is stale   but looking at the to-go containers that are $8.50 it's a steal  you'll get way more for your dollar at a panda express and it's about the same quality." Thanks for letting me vent!"  so that's not good. My wonderful husband took it back for me and when he returned  but still. that was pathetic. chicken was fatty. sauce was flavorful. oh and my table had a funky plant/fake flower vase ... the green leaves were alive and in water "Decent place for quick chinese. I don't like the fact that they don't serve the food in authentic chinese take out containers  but if want something healthy and reasonably priced Wang's is an excellent choice. This is not a fancy place but the food is tasty and healthier than fast food. Portions are ample. Family is very friendly. TV usually on if you eat in. Also some outdoor seating. Better than 3  just go to the bay area in CA."  I won't be back here again;  plenty Other good Chinese restaurant to choose from."  it is apparent that this seemingly low average is due to bad reviews by a couple of disappointed customers - who probably should not have been at this place in the first place. No  the food was fresh and fast. Thanks for the smiles My boyfriend isn't a fan of their friend rice so he usually orders orange chicken and I tend to toss up between mandarin hot chicken (aka general tso's) and hour lo mein. Unlike most chinese eateries their lo mein is full of yummy noodles and plenty of meat! I also like their wonton soup  that does not mean it doesn't have loyal customers. We've seen lots of people running in for quick to go orders so I guess that is where they thrive. They are fast in service and prices are cheap so we'll be going back for take out too." the bathrooms were disgusting too.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS DUMP." Really tasty Chinese food at a low price. And fast! Not too shabby.  I had Mandarin chicken and fried rice and an egg roll.  Chinese is never my favorite but Wang Express was good.  Portion sizes were impressive.  I'm always a bit apprehensive with pricey Chinese food (even the fast food variety) but they offer a good value here. I'll definitely be going back......" SPECIALS!!! They have lunch and dinner combos that come with so much food I always have lunch the next day "Just about any kind of Asian food is always my preference so I've tried many places. Wang's Express is more of ""fast food"" style restaurant but has a surprisingly large menu to choose from. They have lunch specials; which are like combo meals with rice and egg rolls and such  so I can confidently say they didn't mess it up. What I do like about this place (besides how quick our food came out) is that you can do the meal deal  Love the orange chicken. The same guy I always behind the counter with a smile on his face. I love we can go here and get the same great service and delicious food every time.  these are the main items that are pretty authentic chinese food. they are pretty quick and the food is always good to take home. don't go to the white man's buffet when you can get good quality fresh authentic chinese food."  loved the chicken fried rice. Even great re-heated." We highly recommend the pot stickers and fried rice with any of the meat additions (chicken  but I'm yet to find a restaurant at any price point where I love everything on the menu. The service is always fast "Wangs has been here a long time.  The food is not like the best NY Chinese you may have had Didn't like the food at all. The chicken does not look like real chicken. Not sure what I was eating. Will not go back to eat here again.  but it's not bad either.  Good when you have the craving for General Tso chicken. House lo mein is a good choice too." The menu has quite a few items.  Get the large items as the small comes dinner style."  some shrimp with chau meen.. Everything was fantastic.."   and crab wonton.  Very fresh and delicious.  Plenty of leftover for later :) will most definitely return." "I haven't tried any other one of their entrees or sides but I had have the hot and sour soup and it was very very good. I will be back for more soup! Oh and the prices are very affordable! If a poor college kid can afford it  egg drop soup was awesome! They even have the little crispies to put into the soup which again is hard to come by these days!  So far so great! :)" "Horrible. Don't eat here. I had the curry chicken. It was fried and made with dark meat. Curry sauce was not good either. Kind of dirty inside the restaurant "I have been going to this place for 15 years or more. I order the Sweet n Sour Chicken and Crab Puffs every time. I've never experienced poor service either. Large portions for not a lot of money Worst Chinese food (it doesn't even deserve to be called food) I have EVER had in my life! Buyer beware! Wehave gone to Wang's for years and the other day I ordered brown rice instead of white and there was a $1.50 charge!!!!  That is outrageous and we will NEVER return.  There is notextra charge at any other restaurant!!! "Orange Chicken is delicious.  I am absolutely in love with their Wor Wonton Soup  fast and polite service. Great place to stop for a quick bite or take out." Wangs Express is great! I prefer their Mongolian beef. Great service and delicious quality food!  and even those weren't that good. I usually don't even leave reviews but I had to because my girlfriend and I are completely baffled as to how this place has 4 out of 5 stars in the reviews on Yelp. Only good part of me dining here was friendly Staff & food was all done within 10 min of me ordering. If the owner can read this review you really need new cooks or your doors will be closed sooner then later.  Final thought   Pros-  Very friendly customer service & food was ready super fast.  Cons -  seriously the WORST CHINIESE FOOD I've had in the 5 years that I've lived in Arizona. Needless to say I will not be coming back" Absolutely delicious Chinese food! I recommend the three musketeers meal. Great customer service as well :) Delish I love this place. They are so fast at this place I love it. Good Chinese coming to ya very quickly. Super family friendly as well. I'll keep coming back to this place time after time to get my Asian fix. "Mediocre Chinese food but they are FAST. All of the staff is pretty stingy when it comes to asking for extra anything. Especially the red chili paste. No idea why. They do however have really good egg drop soup. It's been pretty hard to find a good one out there. Also Will be coming back soon" Not impressed with this place at all.  The prices may be great but not the food quality.  I asked for Mongolian beef to eat on site and they gave it to me in a Styrofoam container. I had a hard time eating out of it. .don't they have bowls and plates here? ??... They forgot my water too...and the beef. ..was it really beef??...hmmmm....sorry but I won't be coming back here EVER!!!!! : (  seems to have quite a few chewy pieces.  The beef is a bit better.  Bottom line is that this place is close by and has edible food.  Certainly not the greatest nor the worst." "This is by far the WORST ""Chinese food"" ever. I can't even call it that. It has no flavor and the orange chicken was soggy. Gross gross gross. I wouldn't waste your money! It has been around for awhile Wang is one of the best Chinese takeout places around. I eat here all the time. The highlight is their crab puff angel rangoon things which are the best in Phoenix. They are more garlic umami flavored instead of sweet which is a good thing in my book. Only bad note is my wife would never eat here. She is a vegetarian and does not like Chinese food. Would I recommend it to you? As my friend just said  great prices! The staff were on the ball - I had egg drop soup which was delish & veggie fried rice as well - my fiend had the lunch special of orange chicken that can with rice "I was apprehensive at first but this place is amazing. The lady behind the counter is very sweet and always makes things extra spicy for me. They have by far the absolute best hot and sour soup I have ever had. If you order as is it is not very spicy but all you have to do is ask for extra spicy! Best thing to have if you are sick; it will get you breathing through your nose again within a few spoonfuls! Always great portion sizes; and they always make sure your to go order is secure and wont spill (very important with soup!). Even when I take their food to go it is always piping hot Something has changed. As in  the cook isn't a cook.  Shrimp with lobster Sauce was salty beyond words. Like someone through some soy sauce and salt in a pan. HORRIBLE.  I've been getting this at this place for well over 10 years...  It is certainly the LOST time I eat here.  Terrible. First time there based on the reviews. We went for dinner.  The place was deserted but i got a feeling that most is done by take out in the evening based on all the orders on the counter.  Got the lemon chicken and upgraded to the combo for dinner.  The food was good for the price.  I would say most of the lemon sauce was buried in the cabbage vs on the chicken.  Next time I'll ask for some extra sauce on the side.  Can't wait to try a lunch special.  the snow peas beef was fantastic. The beef was so tender and the peas and bamboo shoots made for a great combination. My only complaint was that everything needed extra soy sauce." "I came here for some potstickers and chicken fried rice. I really liked the food and sauce Careful what you order. You may not be happy eating anywhere else. Excellent egg rolled and pot stickers.  Will definitely eat there again.  egg roll and won ton were typical of most Chinese restaurants.  I look forward to returning to try more and give a more thorough review." "Please take my recommendation...do not eat here.  Two adults and a toddler taken out with stomach pain...what are the chances?? The food is not express...took forever to get and the food had no flavor. Not sure how they prepare their items but we ordered orange chicken 