 one of the best chiropractors I've seen over the years and I strongly recommend him to everybody we know.  I've had regular chiropractic care since my late teens "I'm a medical professional who would have never gone to a chiropractor...until 2010. A Univ of Penn medical school graduate told me about Dr. Segal.  His down to earth personality and explanations excellent. Jackie his admin everything is wonderful. After 2 months of intense treatment I've had no issues  is amazing. I have been to chiropractors all over the world. None of them to the success  of Dr. Seagle. I used to have chronic migraines daily. Would go a few times a week. After continual visits for years. I am happy to report I rarely get migraines and only need to visit every couple of month. This man knows what he is doing!"  as good as it gets. I don't plan on going anywhere else."  I finally broke down and went for chronic low back pain. Dr. Segal immediately diagnosed it as a hip problem and told me to see a suitable MD. Long story short: I had my hip replaced in 2013. Recently I started going to Dr. Segal again ... still having back problems (some kind of joint in my spine this time). The problem is much better after alignment. So ... we've had very good experiences with Shady Hill Chiropractic." I have gone to Dr Eric Segal since I was in my late 20's. That was a long time ago!  Doc has solved my sciatic nerve problem that brought me here years ago.  He has helped me on several occasions with injuries. Now it is just routine maintenance. He truly is a kind and compassionate man who knows his stuff. I have recommended him to several people and everyone loved him and use him as part of their health care. Jackie runs the office like a well oiled machine! I have and will continue to highly recommend Dr. Novak to anyone who is need of Chiropractic care." Best chiropractic center I been to others Dr Novak and staff are the best in the Pittsburgh area they are concerned and problems always taken care of excellent adjustments  I always feel better after I leave there Dr Martin Novak and the staff at Newman Chiropractic Center are absolutely the best!! They are always so friendly and can accommodate my schedule! There is never a long wait. Dr Novak did a great job developing a care plan to suit my needs. After a few visits I was pain free! I continue to go back to maintain my spine health. Great office and great staff! Dr Novak is Pittsburgh's best Chiropractor! _4jd_mYZ8EmE7Hl7AOyWzA Dr. Eric is such a great guy and I love that they use technology and less paper!  I didn't feel pressured into buying extra supplements or coming back 3x a week...forever. Her staff is awesome too. Everyone is nice and the care is amazing. I highly recommend Dr. Amy for care. Especially for the new or skeptical."  but would definitely return to Dr. Andrews if I lived in Pittsburgh again."  and reduced my 1.5 inch difference in my leg lengths to bring them nearly even again! Now I am walking comfortably with virtually no pain at all. Thanks Dr Andrews!!"  Dr. Shaffer will get you straightened out!"  and not truly a negative.  If you need HIM to make your health care a priority than YOU need to make yours a priority as well  and he knows his stuff!  Some of the best adjustments I ever received were from him.  I'm a huge advocate of Chiropractic.  I love being able to function at my optimum potential with chiropractic care." 9b-YnpVt3P5Sk0_yUDaMGQ "Dr. Prinkey and his massage therapist Gabby were  great. I'm from out of town and was really struggling  sales-y doctor like some of the other chiropractors that I've been to.  Accepts insurance & FSA...if you work downtown Clean fast and the dr is great.   Highly recommend. Dr Greg is great! Staff is very friendly as well. HIGHLY recommend them to you if you work in the downtown pgh area His communication skills are superior as he explains things in a normal friendly way. He is not egotistical at all   He will have everyday conversations with you.  He often will stay open a little later if you need that last minute appointment.  Very professional. Excellent at what he does.  Doc Greg has definitely been a big help with easing the pain in my neck and upper back. ." If you're looking for a new chiropractor or have never been to one but are considering it I 100% recommend coming here!" Dr. Greg is fantastic. I was traveling on a business trip and was able to walk-in. He was very knowledgeable and caring. He was able to get my back adjusted and no more pain! Highly recommend Dr. Greg!!  passed down from a couple of generations of chiropractors. The chiropractor that I saw was very nice and started every session in a heated massage chair for a few minutes before privately seeing me in a private room. To be honest  I trust Dr. Tepe and highly recommend him to anyone looking for a chiropractor in shadyside."  I have received great relief from pain and flexibility issues. I have no doubt that my life would be limited by those issues if I did not receive treatment here. Would I recommend his practice? Yes Don't wait until you have a problem. Visit him while you are healthy so you can stay that way." As far as appointments go he is very flexible - my visits are always pretty quick and I never have to wait long. He is definitely very good at what he does and I always feel great after I leave. He is very friendly Highly recommend Dr. Tepe for all your chiropractic needs. My husband is a former professional athlete with constant back pains and Dr. Tepe is able to ease his pains every time. YgPWKeEOgAy4IyEMRxrwdQ A real miracle worker.  The best chiropractor on the Eastside.  Very professional and is excellent at what he does.  has been awesome. Treats all patients with professionalism and listens to your concerns. Never more than a few minute wait Wonderful experience! Grade A+ chiropractor! Highly recommended! Staff is just as friendly. If you're in the area and looking for a new chiropractor stop in!  the best i've ever had or heard of.  They take x-rays. They are extremely gentle with little no hand manipulation. They give physical exercises to take home with you.  They are true healers and i'm thankful i was referred by my physician to see them.  It has changed mine and my husband's well-being in less than 5 visits. I can't speak highly enough about them."  and i've been to too many to count! They are always willing to work me in and Dr. Meehan and his staff are always very helpful and polite. I walk in in pain and leave pain free. I recommend Dr. Meehan 100%!" This is the best chiropractor I have ever been treated by!   Dr. Meehan's treatments have changed my life.  I finally have relief in my neck after decades of problems with it.  He is not only a great upper cervical chiropractor but he also helps other areas where bones can get out of alignment.  He is a kind and compassionate doctor and a  quality person who truly listens to his patients.   Highly recommend. I can't say enough great things about Bowker and his staff!"  I feel new. His staff is awesome and Dr Bowker know his stuff. His primary focus is always his patient. Awesome. This is my third and I think last Chiropractor." Seeing Dr. Bowker has and continues to improve my quality of life!"  and they even have some toys in the waiting room. Both Dr. Brian and his partner Dr. Ingrid are warm and attentive. I highly recommend the practice." "I am one of those people who used to think that Chiropractic work wasn't helpful.  I have to tell you that I have done a 180 on my thinking.  Dr. Wussow is amazing  and yet very kind and friendly. I highly recommend his practice to anyone needing chiropractic help."  courteous and reasonable! Only $65 for an initial evaluation which includes xray's. But here's what got me the doc said ""my fees are on a slidding scale whatever you can afford from $15-60 is good. And everytime i walk up to the window to pay "Chiropractors that really care; about padding their pockets on people losses. They welcome you in "Office staff is kind and helpful. Chiropractors are heart-centered  just schedule a session with them. They will exceed your expectations! :)" Excellent service! Friendly staff and they coordinated everything with my attorney. Dr was very informative and explained everything he was doing and why he was doing it Dr. John and team are fabulous.  I came to see them in February for problems with my shoulder and neck. They were able to finally get the muscles to relax and adjust my neck and upper back to get me back in alignment.  I continue to go see them for general maintenance and to keep from getting into another painful situation.  I highly recommend you come here for your chiropractic needs. Bottom line is SCP can help you so just do it and give them a visit!" Absolutely the best Chiropractic services I've ever experienced!  Dr. Josh and Dr. Jenna are so in tune with the workings of the body and their patented centered approach to practice is unparalleled. "I've been to a variety of chiropractors since being in a car accident in 2004. I've also worked with physical therapists to address painful or nagging trouble areas.  Dr. Josh was the first to explain what he was doing  we will see you back kind of office.  LOVE the ice therapy before and after my sessions." They are awesome. Hands down. Literally. I have been a licensed massage therapist for over 14 years and I would have no hesitation whatsoever referring this team to anyone. Can't say enough good things about 'em. Service and location are both A+" I called them as a new customer with a last minute request to get in before a flight.  They not only fit me into a very busy office but were very professional and friendly.  I have already scheduled a return visit.  and I keep coming back because I can rely on doc's (and his staff's) expertise to return me to normal balance quickly - despite the stress I put on my own body each week. :)"  a sprained ankle and of course back injuries and so many more.  His adjustments are not too soft nor too strong - plus it 'holds' well!  And if you're feeling in a ""tight spot"" his masseuse can get you out of it. The clinic has a well rounded assortment of equipment to help cure what ails you too.  The friendly front desk personnel will make you feel at home and help you navigate insurance too.  Dr. Dickerson ranks among my first choices of go-to-guys in the event of any injury I incur.  He has never let me down; I always find profound relief in his care!" Dr Paul Dickerson is treating my ganglion cyst so I can avoid surgery in additional to my other needs.   Doc is extremely knowledgeable.  Excellent adjustments and care.  Love getting massages here too.  because that's generally pretty disconcerting).  BRAVO CAS chiropractic!"  I got into a car accident this past summer and Dr. Mike and his crew really helped me out a lot. I was referred to them by some friends and I was surprised at the rehab they do along with the awesome Chiropratic work. All the doctors and staff know what they are doing. The office is always clean and a really nice place. Try them you will be happy I am so impressed with Dr. Cas and the staff.  They spend so much time on you unlike those quick in-and-out chiropractic offices.  Dr. Cas spent a lot of time going over my x-rays and explained every bone and muscle that was compromised.  They always take their time and are completely amazing.  I would highly recommend this place!  I've been to 12 other Chiropractors/Physical Therapist that caused a lot of financial hardships with no results. Doctor Mike and his Staff is the only team that truly cared about helping me; today I am out of my wheelchair Thanks for everything guys you're the best." I'm bringing in my 5 year old next... he really needs care and I know Dr. Mike is the person to give it. Dr. Mike even has 4 kids of his own Dr Mike you are better than this and Shawn Lynn who refused to deal with my complaint. You are in the wrong job if you threaten to hang up on every person who has a complaint. Instead of diffusing the situation "I am petrified of chiropractors. But I have suffered back pain for years and the doctor prescribed pain pills which kept me in a fog. The Activator Method is not your typical bone-crushing experience. I was apprehensive on my first visit but once I went through the process  and honest doctor whose practice far exceeds any other office I've attended. The staff is friendly and personable. And throughout the years Dr. Petermann does a great job for people injured in car accidents.  His patients love him and he will take very good care of you!!!  Highly recommended!!!  I can depend on Eric to get me back to feeling aligned and reducing my pain. I originally met the Dr during a research project years ago Recently I have been dealing with some unexplained health concerns and Dr Peterman has been my saving grace because of his genuine care for his patients." I can't recommend him highly enough!"  I scheduled one that was a week out and decided to go to the chiro first.  Thank you Jesus that I did!  After Dr P found a pinched nerve in my neck "I came in on an ""emergency"" basis due to my lower back going out of place and my normal chiropractor in North Phx not being available.  I was extremely pleased with the service and availability.  The best part is that he adjusted my back and immediately relieved a tremendous amount of pain.  After a couple days "Dr. Andy is great! Good place to drop in for an adjustment  but not if you're getting any other kind of 'treatment'. In other words "Dr G is AMAZING. He took the time to listen and really find out what was wrong with me. Yes he has a lot of patients and he does have to work on many patients at the same time. However he takes the time is very helpful and knows what he is doing. He actually does spend 1 on 1 time with everyone. He is 25 miles from me and we met him at a garage sell he was having. I can't not tell you how happy I am to have seen him. Driving that far after work to see him is worth every mile. Trust m Back health chiropractic is the best!  Dr. G. Is the most knowledgeable and caring chiropractic I've ever seen.  He has helped me with various health and wellness issues and I know I can trust his advice. He has helped me in so many ways over the years and is always learning and using the latest state of the art methods to heal the body. I walk in his office in pain and discomfort and leave feeling light as air. His staff is very friendly and professional.  They always fit me in at a moments notice because they really care.  I wouldn't go anywhere else. "This place is more than just ""back health"" it improves my life every time I go in. Everyone is a professional and genuinely cares about improving your life." I was referred to this place by a customer of mine who saw me limping around due to a back injury.  I called last minute on a Friday before closing to schedule an appointment and they told me to come in and they would see me right away.  I was catered to with top of the line therapy equipment to loosen me up for a full adjustment for close to an hour with no one looking at their watch (very relaxing and comfortable enviroment).  I went in there with a pain level of 1 to 10 at an 8.  After 2 sessions of therapy I am at worst a 3.  I feel that DR. G is looking forward to resolving my back problem rather than drawing it out.  The pricing is unbeatable and the service is amazing.  I have full confidence that you will be satisfied and write a similar review. "Hands down the best care in the valley!  Dr G is thorough educated and takes all the time you need to ensure you are taken care of.  His staff is caring Awesome staff and Dr G is the best. "I felt like I was just put through the ringer.... I had my first massage with Verso today. He zoned in on my ""problem areas"" and found the underlying issues. His attention to detail focus and love for what are you does comes at every point of the massage. He is more than a massage therapist....he is educated and passionate about healing the body!   The best body work I have ever had! Thanks Verso." HFmjWB7IaZRtV-vZZXaxkA  efficient and very accommodating. I've been searching for two years since we moved here and tried other offices "My husband and I have been coming here for years. The service is always outstanding from Dr G to the aesthetician Shaly and the massage and spa staff to Andrew at the front desk I keep coming back for the massage. Lisa is a professional! I highly recommend the soy candle massage. The experience with the staff is always exceptional. "I have been coming to Dr. G for over a decade. He treats not only myself but my daughter as well.  His staff is by far the most caring and ho above and beyond to get you in.  Dr. G always gives the best treatment and advice.  From chiro care to massages to facials  "I love Back Health Chiropractic! Thank you Dr G and staff for your care and concern. The therapy and adjustments have improved my range of motion and overall well being.   Massages are the best I've had since moving here two years ago Dr. G. and his staff are welcoming for all new patients and keep the current patients feeling great! My former massage therapist Lisa left for a new job so I had a massage with a new therapist. Her name is Kayla. She came highly recommended from my former therapist. Kayla kneaded my back and worked out some kinks. Her massage technique was very soothing and ended with hot towels on my feet. Great massage. I will be coming to Kayla for more massage services. "I see Dr Clark and Dr Corcoran here as my primary physicians and have since high school. They're both very efficient and warm people - ideal doctors.  It's an older neighborhood near their office so I'm usually a LOT younger than the patients waiting Additionally the staff there act as if they are doing you a favor by taking your money. I have never witnessed such nonchalant behavior at a doctors office. Ridiculous" 5 stars for the doctors but not happy about the 1-2+ hour wait time EVERY. SINGLE. VISIT. Finding a new doctor because of this unfortunately. So disappointing! I was very disappointed and won't be sending any of my friends to this doctor." I'm surprised to see so many negative reviews.  I've never had a bad experience here-  Not that I'm here often.  But I've gone in for an annual checkup and follow up.  The office staff was friendly.  Dr Corcoran was quite personable.  The team that did blood work was friendly.  They have an app that lets you view your results and helped me register.  You can also schedule your visit from the app.  The whole process was pretty efficient.  then a girl takes me back to a dark room with ""roller"" machines and ""tens"" units are placed in tight areas for loosening up before my adjustment.  If you are looking for a great deep tissue massage I highly recommend scheduling an appointment with Journey." I'm finally on the road to recovery! My only regret is that I didn't come to see her sooner!!  She genuinely cares about her patients  but it doesn't matter at all. So don't judge.  You'll never go anywhere else.  The receptionist is always lovely to interact with as well."  a couple suggestions are provided by the doctor to support a healthy spine.  The office has chiropractic service as well as acupuncture and therapeutic message services.  Lisa does very well with the therapeutic message but she is hard get an appointment for since I typically drop in on the fly. The upfront administrators are nice and greet you by your first name. They are also open on Saturday with Dr. Frank and he has a more traditional type of technique." Dr Patti and Lana are amazing and truly care about their patients. I've known Dr Patti for 15 years and she remembers everything about you and what works for you. I don't want to even write a review because if she's to busy I won't be able to get in! This place is amazing and u wish there wetter more chiropractor's offices like this  he is awesome. The entire staff is outstanding!" I was very impressed with my visit and would recommend their services to anyone."  I decided Moon Valley Chiropractic is no longer for me." j43AVGhTlo0daQi_r4_8iQ  accommodating and always a joy to be around. Dr. Riechow took the time to thoroughly examine and understand my issues prior to and during any ongoing treatment. I highly recommend him and his team for massages and chiropractic adjustments!" "Dr. Reichow is caring and works really hard to get to the root of problems. I've been suffering from neck problems for years  not just billing and works harder on me when I'm in his office than any other Dr. I have seen. He is a guy who seems to be aware that he is providing a SERVICE - and delivers it with great skill and compassion. Take it from a reformed skeptic like me and see him for help when you need it. I have also bought massage gift certicicates as gifts with 5 star reviews. He treated me after some stupid cow slammed into me at full speed while I was stopped at a red light and helped reduce chronic and agonizing pain pain I suffered for almost a year." I highly recommend him to anyone who is looking for a fantastic chiropractor.  I wouldn't consider going to any other chiropractor."  acupressure and chiropractic work together fixed me right up." "Dr. Nick Warner always does a great job! He is always professional and has a clean I was afraid of going to a chiropractor because I know that they do adjustments and I had already been injured by more than one physical therapist. A friend who has been a patient of dr. Warner's for over 10 years kept telling me that I needed to go see him. After 10 years I finally went He is a great guy and when I told him about Yelp and I was going to be the first one to review his clinic I would highly recommend this highly gifted to man to everyone!!!" "Dr. Albert is my go-to doctor for health care. I have been a patient for 13 years and he has helped me with everything from relieving neck and back pain to knee pain. When I suddenly developed Bell's Palsy Dr. Albert is amazing and I am so glad to have met him! What a great experience!"  and I haven't smoked since. I went to him after having failed several attempts to quit on my own Thank you  turned my head side to side and lifted my arm and asked me 'Do you drink a lot of coffee?"". I said yes (because I was in sales and it makes you agressive. He said ""Stop the coffee and the lumps will go away and your sales will improve."" I did as he instructed and in 1 week the lumps went away and my sales did improve.  Dr Alyeshmerni is a God-send. thank you so much!!" I sprained my ankle 1 week before my wedding. I was on crutches and freaking out that I may not be able to walk down the isle. I saw the great reviews on yelp for Dr Alyesh and figured I'd give him a try. He worked his magic and performed acupuncture and I walked out of his office! I was able to walk and dance at my wedding thanks to him! "My family and I have been going here for years This family is awesome! get your adjustments here!  ive been going to him on and off since I was pregnant with my oldest daughter 14 now. He has helped every physical pain ive had including a car accident."  we can always get in when we need it.  He's our family chiro now. They are very friendly people and he knows exactly what to do.  I highly recommend them" "This office is amazing. They are very caring and offer affordable prices not skimping on service or sympathy. I have referred multiple people to see Frank and I have never heard a complaint  flexible arrangements.  ""I feel fine when my spine's in line!""" This is the best chiropractor I've ever been to.  They are all about the family .  Love Dr Roland.  and blindness...they did 2 spinal taps and 7 MRI'S and came up with no answer...I went to Roland and told him what was going on and he took new x-rays of me and did some adjustments telling me to come back in 2 days.  After leaving I was already feeling different within the hour and the following day was the first morning I awoke without dizziness.  When I saw him next he showed me how my atlas was turned and pushing on my nerves He will not take anything but checks or cash and you can still file your insurance claims but if you don't have it Dr Mc Junkin is the best Chiropractor I've. Ever known. If he can't cure your pain in 1 to 3 sessions then it can't be done!!! He also utilizes accupuncture and other techniques. And he is a super nice man. Prices are so reasonable. He should ask for more! "I have been seeing Dr. McJunkin off and on for years. When exercise and regular massages do not help "The doctor is very experienced and was recommended by my MD for terrible lower back pain I was experiencing. I never went to a chiropractor before.  He did Acupunture for 15 mins and made two quick chiropractic adjustments to my back.  Within one day I was feeling much better  is one of those rare finds in a chiropractic clinic. She is an experienced and talented massage therapist whom I highly recommend." Will definitely return!" UiWPs9YknUZk7R6POM80og "I been a client of Dr. Larsen and staff at Shea Chiropratic for nearly 13 years.  They have done wonders for my back and neck This is not your assembly line come back 10 times a week because I want to milk you  for all your money chiro. Dr. Larson listens and adjusts accordingly Dr Larson at Shea Chiropractic can really get you straightened out with a minimal amount of visits. I was referred to Shea Chiro over 5 years ago by an associate. I am so glad to have such a great place in our neighborhood. I know people that drive all the way from Goodyear to use there services. "I can't speak highly enough of the personal care you receive from Dr. Larson. He always greets you with a smile and takes the time to hear your concerns. I've had a few sports related injuries that my trainers struggled with fixing that Dr. Larson fixed within a few visits with his methods. He is a very active Doctor and I feel that's part of why he really understands the problems we go through as athletes. I drive 40 miles across town to see him  he really knows his stuff. My back pain was better in no time and I've even brought my 10-year-old son there"  I would recommend Dr Larson to anyone with back pain. He really cares about his patients and goes above and beyond to help."  who will explain to you what he is doing Dr. Keith is awesome.  i have used him for a year now and I feel so much better with my posture and back.  He is so uninvasive with his corrections to my spine.  I never leave sore and always feel better.  i highly recommend him to all my friends and family. "The best chiro I have ever been too.  He has really helped me with lower back pain "I bring my whole family to Dr. Smigiel.  My son received his first adjustment when he was 2 days old.  Dr. Smigiel is very gentle and has allievated all my back ailments.  I highly recommend him as he is not only extremely knowledgable in regards to chiropratic care but also nutrition OMG I had chronic back pain for years--he is totally awesome.  Im so happy to finally be pain free!!! "Dr. Smigiel is the best Network Chiropractor in the Phoenix metro area. He has a fantastic technique and he treats his patients like family. I drive a lot for work and I exercise a great deal putting much pressure on my lower back disc degenerative disease DDD L4-5. Dr.Smigiel continues to maintain and improve not only my spinal health Dr Berg is THEE BEST! AWESOME person! And George is probably the best receptionist Ive ever come across. Very tight knit family environment! Dr. Berg is an excellent physician and is highly trained and experienced. If you are seeking acupuncture he is the go-to-guy! Dr. Berg is wonderful! Has really helped me with my MS using acupuncture. I went in to do some SEO work for the Doc and traded him my SEO site development for acupuncture on my back and it really worked great for pain relief. Painless except for one needle but it really fixed my back. Dr. Scott Carmachel did the work and was very gentle and professional. I highly recommend this practice as they are friendly 