Your tastebuds will love you for it." "I am so glad this place exists!  When I need a special gift or something to cheer up a discerning  but the woman insists that there is a restaurant named Geno's near by.  She finally says cheese stake and food network and I realize she is thinking of Geno's in Philadelphia.  It was pretty funny.  I told her she had the wrong city but that we had something better  or if you need to distract your mom before you tell her that you're gay straight planning on becoming a Buddhist monk whatever.  Or Minus one star because the price seemed excessive despite the quality. As a certified chocoholic I was a little bit overwhelmed to have all the finest chocolates of the world in front of me. But then I noticed a cadbury crunchie- my favorite candy from a semester abroad in London that I have found difficult to find in the US. I was SO happy! I highly recommend the gelato. I got the dark chocolate and it was as good as gelato from Italy. The chocolate flavor was so deep and intense!  and lots more. It's fun just to browse around and know all these choices exist."  and a few gifts to take home to my aunt we settled the bill and bid Amy good luck with the tech support.  A fantastic store with a selection rivaled by few I'd place Mon Aimee on the ""must visit"" list for the Strip." My only caveat would be that for items you can find in the grocery store  one of my coworkers had been over to Holland and tried a type of candy that became one of her favorites.  Of course we had to go back to Mon Aimee to see if they carried it and sure enough  there's nothing better than a cup of spiced dark drinking chocolate as I look through the multiple bean to bar chocolatiers and truffles.  I went here to get chocolates for valentines day as well; the store clerk Nice gellato.  Good Chocolates. Expensive.  Grim staff." Definitely for the chocolate fan - especially if you like dark chocolate Even the pedagogical Oompa Loompas loosened up and danced every now and again." "This was the first gourmet chocolate shop I went into and I spent a lot of time here debating what to buy - considering the chocolate melting during the bus ride  and some very good quality items.  Everything I have purchased here has been delicious.  I go here if I am buying chocolate as a gift and need the very best."  and I've always found the service to be good and the selection to be fantastic.  It's not just a chocolate shop - it's a sweet shop that focuses on chocolate.  They have a variety of imported sweets I'm knocking one star off because the paths in the store are narrow making it hard for people with mobility issues to manuver.  Completely worth the stop if you are in the area."  helpful and kind. I often stop in here for a little treat or blast from the past. I grew up in England and love that I can buy chocolates that I loved as a child. If you need a recommendation or a gift  the amount of stars I could give is infinite. Great location in the Strip (BUT WHY SO FAR AWAY FROM ME ALL THE TIME)  there is chocolate offered from around the world.  Next time..."  in my opinion. And I am a native New Yorker visiting Pittsburgh and was shocked by the prices of everything. I understand that they get things shipped from far away  I'll be a customer for life. (Cadbury Flake doesn't count!)"  you'll find a wide selection of international chocolates  considering they carry my favorite chocolate in the whole world It's a great addition to a popular corner in Pittsburgh's Strip District. The back of the store on a Saturday morning has some of the best spicy Mexican hot chocolate that you can find probably in the city and then some. Then there is the rest of the store with all types of chocolate bars that you probably won't find anywhere else. How about a chocolate and bacon bar? How about a bar that is chocolate and lavender? Need some cool chocolate rabbits for Easter?  Oh Best assortment of chocolate I have ever seen!  The hot chocolate bar is a dream come true - I love this place! I think it's a great place to stop in if you have a choco hankering  and the staff never seems to be in a friendly mood. While I GUESS they're doing their customers a favor by procuring such a vast variety of chocolate  Jan 7th I am calling them but no answer to their phones to see if they are open"  check it out.  We didn't buy anything but it was fun to shop and look around.  Some reviews already talk about the price...I guess they have to charge more than the average price of a Hershey product to pay the rent  three different salespeople asked if we were finding everything okay - possibly because I kept taking pictures to Instagram and I didn't realize until after I left that there's a sign asking patrons not to take pictures. Ooops!  But no one said anything and they were polite "Wow- it's been a long time since I stopped into a sweets store with this much diversity. A friend wanted to spend a couple of minutes in here The service is most often rude. Owners just are not welcoming" A Chocolate Paradise - Everyone Will Find Something They Love !" Chocolate here that I've never seen before.  Expensive!  I am used to high prices for great chocolate - but hey- I think you gotta sell a lot of candybars to make a living..."  and we enjoyed both the taste and the look of the scoop."  leave immediately and go to Mercurio's on Walnut St. in Shadyside.   There you'll find better gelato Don't forget to try out their little gelato stand while you're there."  one of which was milk chocolate.  They were so salty that the chocolate flavor did not come through.  I have to assume that the chocolate with  name brand wrappers are better than the ones they make in house."  try the biscotti place across the street to the right - they buy their hot cocoa from Mon Aimee and it tends to last longer!!" I'd be willing to come back to try the gelato when the weather warms up (I'll update this review if I do).  I strongly suspect I'd have a similar reaction to the one I did for the hot chocolate and chocolate bar I stopped by Mon Aimee because they carry a chocolate hazelnut wafer (hanuta) that myself and a few friends enjoy. I decided to take a quick snap chat video of their other varieties to show some out of towners what they were missing out on. As soon as I opened the app a woman (very rudely) stopped me and insisted I put my phone away or leave. I understand they don't want any one to copy their style. However that is not what Pittsburgh is about. There is no room for 'snobs' like that in our city. This is just my experience. I have heard others say they were not very friendly which is very unfortunate because Pittsburgh is so welcoming. Grandpa Joe's and Sinful Sweets are great alternatives.  much better candy shops around the city." "Rude!  Especially if you have a kid with you they don't even want you in their store! I went here a few months ago to get my little one a treat. I must say their attitudes suck big time! Thats putting it nicely there's other ways I could describe them but it wouldn't be appropriate posting it on the Internet. They follow you around and every item you look at they jump at you like you're going to run off with out paying. NEWS FLASH IF I DIDN'T HAVE MONEY I WOULDN'T BE IN THE STORE! Any way I couldn't figure out what their problem was. Could be the possibility they don't like kids  she will pull back a bit.  But I would NEVER spend my hard earned money in this shop after a few interactions with her.  The help They have relativity cheap candy too if you just want some last minute stocking stuffers.  I asked a clerk for advice on what to get for my daughter who loves milk chocolate. I ended up getting her some white chocolate covered pretzels and a milk chocolate bar from Columbia. I'm sure she will like it. Since I was stuffed from lunch I decided not to indulge any further for now but I know this is one place I will most certainly return to when the occasion warrants it." Best chocolate store!!! Big selection of dark chocolate from all over the world. Some pricey but so worth the splurge. They are located in the Strip District of Pittsburgh. The web site is great too-- www.monaimeechocolat.com" A trip here can be a little pricey as some of the chocolate can range from $7-13!!!"  i'd still say they are particularly swell.  i ran in quickly to grab a gift and got seduced by a peanut butter button.  i had never seen this thing before but was offered one to sample; a delicious mixture of peanut butter and confectioner's sugar covered in milk chocolate...this led to a purchase...which led to more consumption than was necessary throughout the day...a discussion of the button over dinner with our very swanky friends...and finally a craving for the rest of the buttons which are waiting patiently for me at work...if you give a girl a chocolate..." My dad always used to come in here to get our Valentines Day chocolates as kids and I occasionally remember going in with him. Turtles ftw! cMJL8kZOF0VsYMhM2DKkBw "So good! The hostess mints are magical. That's all I want now and forever. Caramels and pecan clusters are also the jam. If you're in the mood for chocolate Those are memories from my childhood.  I stopped in here and got a bag of my favorites.  This store isn't even in the same area code as the one I frequented with my grandfather but that didn't matter - it took me right back..."  she has a large a out of tattoos on her left arm and had multiple colors in her hair like pinks and blues. My husband and I walked in separately since he was getting me candy too  and I would consider giving the create your own box of chocolate card as a present  they have to be amped up on sugar. What else is their to nibble on? Great service. Great candy. Great location. But where was the See's Candy professional to slap that 14th piece of candy out of my hand last night as I slipped into my my milk chocolate coma on my 600 thread count sheets  they have to be if you ever watched some people pick out a box of candy. I would be slapping them up against the wall. It is a nice open store with an abundance of product all of which I have eaten much too much over the years. I love the chocolate but I crave the peanut brittle it has to be taken away from me in order not to eat until I puke."  this I have always known. But the last time I was there they asked after I said we did not have the discount if I was a veteran. Wow discounts count whodathunk  this place is awesome because right when you walk in they have free samples! The store was very clean and the people who work here are exceptionally nice. I wanted to buy a Bordeaux bar (for my mom - its her fave). The girl behind the candy counter gave me a few Bordeaux samples since they were all sold out of the prepackaged ones. They offer city employees Keep up the fantastic work and the product you have there!" I love that they ALWAYS give you free chocolate and have amazing customer service all around. It is so much fun to go and hand pick a few treats for me and the roomies. The quality and uniqueness of their offerings make it definitely worth the trip. If you love chocolate then you should be asking yourself why you haven't stopped in before now. I am eating a pumpkin pie truffle right now that is rockin' my world Traveling back through my childhood by writing about these exceptional chocolates has made me realize something: these are some of the best truffles I've ever had Their peanut butter patties are the only chocolate peanut butter treat that fill my intense longing for my favorite girl scout cookies Lots of parking outside as well." Prices are great. We got 4 truffles for less than $3. In terms of quality  gotta keep the sweets on close watch ;) id return for more chocolates"  older lady at this location and much better reviews.  Purchased a 2 pound box of turtles.  She will love them. Which makes the drive totally worth it." Make sure to check if your employer is on their list to receive discounts I walked into See's for the first time since my childhood yesterday and was immediately greeted with a warm smile and shortly after another girl rushed over to me and handed me a sample chocolate with a smile. I told the lady I was looking for an anniversary gift and she showed and explained to me everything they had and helped me find the perfect gift and wrapped it so beautifully for me. I picked up some lollipops I remember loving so much when I was little and when ringing up at the register the lady who was helping me made sure I was happy with how she wrapped my gift and sent me off with more samples. such a wonderful experience and I'm so grateful for the wonderful lady's help making such a beautiful present. I can't wait to come back and pick up my favorite candies on a  regular basis from now on! thank you so much to all the wonderful ladies at See's! Thumbs up for great customer service in a world where it become more and more evasive." "Always an Incredible Pound of Chocolates and Candy ($17.85 Per Pound at this  Location.)  My favorites include:  Milk Chocolate's -  Peanut Butter Pattie You can't always believe what you read on the Internet.It says that the store on Camelback and Central is permanently closed.NOT.I CALLED AND THEY ARE OPEN.WE ARE ON OUR WAY.  but their prices are a bit high.  You do get a quality product Before you go and spend bucks at other candy places. Don't forget about Sees Everything we brought home was really really good. I will miss this place but I am sure my waist won't."  one of See's trademarks is to offer everyone a sample.  What you may not know is that the clerks are given at least two or three truffle selections to choose from "No complaints. Always excellent quality. Great service. And when there are crowds due to an upcoming holiday  service & atmosphere. And free samples just make me so happy! Raspberry cream truffle is to die for!" Best homemade from scratch candy. The definite must try.  my mother bought several Kinds of Easter Candy that were always in the basket. Then she continued the tradition with my children. My mother passed away 8 years ago and this year I suddenly remembered the candies. I went in last week and immediately spotted the candies. The service was delightful and they seemed happy to help a newcomer. I mailed all the candies to my grown children who were delighted with the memories created of their beloved Grandmother. I'm really happy that I sauntered in and I plan to continue the tradition as well as starting some new ones." I love this little store and have for many years. Those chocolates are totally worth some extra calories!" "See's has been my favorite boxed candy since I was little. It's so good and the recipes haven't changed (unlike Fannie May...  which is now yuck). My top 4 favorites are Dark Bordeaux  if I was in the area and craving candy Our favorites are the milk chocolate Bordeaux and the orange cream."  and butterscotch squares.  I love that they still give out a free sample.  I have been to really pricey chocolate shops and they do not give out samples.  See's treats their customers well.  One of my favorites!" Friendly staff who are also very informative about storing and gifting the chocolates. Clean store in a convenient location on the outskirts of PV Mall. 