http:  www.mt-ararat.org " My wife and I have visited St. Anthony's Chapel three time so far and every time the experience is a moving one.  I would recommend the guided tour.  The amount of relics contained in the chapel is amazing.  If you a person of faith this is a wonderful place.  too--than showing us any relics. After an hour of his sermon--and nary a single fact about the hundreds of relics that surrounded us--we left. What a disappointment. What a huckster." This place is unbelievable.  I was never really into religious relics but the history involved in these relics is really intimidating.  Go on a tour with someone knowledgable and you won't feel the same way about your Catholic faith again.  Relics from the apostles and 5000 others saints along with slivers from the cross.  Priest that collected these had to be spiritually inspired.  Awesome story and a hidden treasure!!  there is a chapel store. The store sells a variety of things from books to holy water canisters. We were actually able to meet one of the authors of the books at the store and had a very interesting talk. I would highly suggest visiting Saint Anthony's Chapel"  and opposite the church are stunning views of the Grand city of Pittsburgh."  but their is beauty in that simplicity.  Glad to have an easily accessible church downtown!" The best thing of all is you are supporting a local church so you can leave there feeling blessed!!" For my first fish fry it was a great experience." Rules made by men. Check them before you book this church to get married or any other event. Their restrictions are far beyond respect and more on the ridiculous side. Stay away from this church. "The chillest coffeehouse to hang out in the Charlotte area. It's a Church setting with the best coffee and hot chocolate known to man (seriously.) and the people are great. Most recently I saw Flowers for Faye play and there were about 20 people there  though bigger than it looks from the outside."  talk with people and relax.  Highly recommended.  Also  I am sure they've still got ya covered.  Because that is just the kind of people they are."  and impressively approachable for an Episcopal church.  Both Ollie and Joslyn (along with the retired Father Murdock) have been incredibly friendly to us and impressive from the pulpit.  If you can appreciate the Episcopal litergy "A wonderful Fifth Sunday of Easter at this downtown church in Charlotte. The singing was hearty and the choir's Anglican Chant particularly rapturous--as was their offering of Purcell's ""I Was Glad."" But they do not just offer high quality worship. The rector announced an afternoon multifaith event to repeal HB2. It was youth Sunday and the young woman who preached knocked it out of the park--demonstrating that this is a church that is doing a great job forming their younger members. A delight to visit and will be back next time I am in Charlotte!"  and singles-friendly church that makes Charlotte seem like a smaller town because of St. Martin's warm atmosphere. Everyone supports each other and we focus on spirituality and positivity. The church has great music St. Martins is a Jesus focused congregation where we together discern many aspects of our lives and welcome all. We provide christian education for all on Sunday mornings and have many ministries for all to get and be involved. Come at 8:30 or 10:45am Sunday for one of our services. "St. Martin's has been so welcoming to my family.  We are new to North Carolina (less than a year) and feel like we hit the jackpot for fit in a church home. This is a warm It is more casual and the people are extremely friendly. I most often attend their 5pm Sunday evening service which many of the other Churches do not offer."  as the guitarist plays and sings the traditional hymns are played :)"  there is a cry room and there are also a number of mass times to fit your schedule on the weekends." This is a great church when compared to St. Mathews because in my opinion St. Mathews is too liberal and I wonder sometimes if it is a Roman Catholic Church.  Not to judge uber liberal Catholics Awesome church full of the spirit of God! My bride and I utilized their marriage counseling as well prior to marriage and it was fantastic." "Great place of community's and fellowship. Incredibly well organized for such a large congregation. Being part of a small ""Life Group"" makes the experience more intimate. You will be cared for here." If you are curious about faith and want to learn more about the truth Christianity claims I love this church b c the pastor is biblically accurate and the worship is very moving and that God is moving in this church. Life groups are awesome and the people are very friendly. God has his hand on this church and seeing it grow the way it has in the past few years is the reason that God has blessed this church. 1h3jthnriS_8MjhCTikVZA  or somewhere in the middle of their journey in faith. You need to attend during one of our services. See foresthill.org for all the details. If you want to be a part of a wonderful body of believers in the Charlotte area that are growing deeply in their walks with Christ Had attended here for years before finally joining. Our pastor preaches the Word of God and the young folks there give me encouragement for tomorrow. Our senior pastor tells it like it is whenever he speaks and our campus pastor Jonathan Scott is on point with his sermons and is a great man  to just speak with. I love these folks here and plan to attend as long as the Lord gives me the ability too. This location is larger than the Mint Street location so OK....I am sitting at my desk....debating....where should I eat today!?  Well...as it turns out....it was a no-brainer.  I just jumped in my car...drove 5 minutes to HOP....and got my normal plate of wings and 2 veggies.  Since I am trying to eat healthy.... I added a baked wing to offset to 2 fried wings!  It should be against the law to have such great food.  As I ordered my wings...I looked back at the many slices of cake and pies!  OK...no sweet potato pie today....the pound cake looked great...but...that is one less pound I will work off tomorrow!!  So I got my cabbage and mac and cheese....grabbed some lemonade....and sat down for the best priced lunch just north of Hwy 16!  gotta love it.  well....ate that ....with plenty of hot sauce on the wings...and headed back.  Exiting the restaurant....I took just one more look at that strawberry cake!!!! MMMMmmmmm next time!! "I can't complain when I arrive early for lunch. My fav sweet potatoes are soooooo good as ifs the cabbage. However You pick a meat and your two sides and they have plenty of options for vegetables  I would have given it 5 stars but the service is in a huge gymnasium style worship area and I grew up going to the more traditional church building - other than that it was great - people were friendly and they offer alot of Sunday school classes for all ages and life styles. I'll go back." It's clearly the right place for a lot of people...it's not a match for my needs My son was impressed with the high school  ministry called the passage. awesome!" "Great church. Very diverse. The pastor tells it like it is.  The choir and music is awesome !!!  If I have to find a complaint "Spirit filled church; outstanding music.  The easiest (and not anywhere close to the whole story) description would be ""Pentacostal Lite"".  You're not going to see snakes or much in the way of speaking in tongues but if you are interested in a Church where Jesus is the center focus and worship is an active experience then this is the place for you.  Our family took a long time getting to visit here  we'll understand on our next visit if all the goodies are not included.  Sharing our faith was the best part of the visit!" If it was up to paster Mark he would charge people $10 at the door to come in." If you have any questions about visiting the church or how this church handles things feel free to message me directly. I am in no way directly affiliated with this church. I merely attend on a regular basis." If it was up to paster Mark he would charge people $10 at the door to come in."  it is the oldest Catholic Church in Phoenix.  Staffed by the Franciscans and located in the heart of Downtown Phoenix.  The masses are traditional The only downside to this place is that some parishoners have WAY too many non- well behaved small children with them  but I will end this by saying that each Mass is a different experience and it's based on the person attending "This is one of the few things that I enjoyed in Phoenix.  Actually  walked away with their hearts full of this sacred joy. Those who did were at least for a moment transformed by this eternity--this holy party which is Christmas."  and love that the door is always open to pray. Also the stained glass windows are amazing!! I go here after my downtown hospital rotations or if I'm in the area!! I also like that they have afternoon mass at 12 and a mass for the deaf how great is that!! love this place a must see phx jem!" It's a beautiful old Church worth taking a look at." This is the most. wonderful church I've ever been to! The masses are beautiful and the people are friendly and welcoming!  I can't imagine going anywhere else. We stepped inside en route to the convention center one day and it was beautiful and inviting inside.  Not sure what services they offer Beautiful church...always open. Be sure to look closely at the remarkable stain glass.  you just feel a sense of history -- it's simply beautiful. I adore so many Patron Saints so I love all the decorated alters. Choir is simply amazing! Times keep changing...but I prefer to celebrate Catholic Mass in a more traditional manor. I attend St. Francis Xavier and Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church on a regular basis but will definitely attend Mass here more often." It is a sacred place and an experience like no other."  despite a very moving Mass in which the priest stressed the importance of providing service to those in need. I called the Bishop's office at the main cathedral as well and was informed that they were also not prepared to offer any assistance. I can't begin to express my disappointment with the Church and their complete lack of interest in the suffering of their own followers despite their obvious wealth and resources. Congregating to claim your devotion to the word of God is worthless if no one is willing to act when those in need come knocking at your door." If your in the downtown Phoenix area and have some time stop by and enjoy the rich historic beauty of the Basilica."  the history is great and the parishioners are so friendly and welcoming.  please visit you will love it."  we walked through a beautiful park-like setting to the front of the Basilica.  The stained glass is magnificent - second only to the Cathedral of St. Paul in Minnesota in our opinion.  A truly lovely experience." Beautiful and peaceful.  It would be nice to attend a Mass here and hear the pipe organ.  The stainless glass windows are stunning and beautiful to look at. Stop by the gift shop on the way out and meet the very friendly ladies and pick up a gift to go.  just head south on 7th street to Baseline rd. there you'll find Our Lady Of Sorrows." Beautiful church. Spent Christmas mass here and it was amazing. It is a very traditional Roman Catholic church so no surprises here!  I saw a priest advising a homeless man on places to find food and shelter. AWESOME! This kind of compassion is the mission of the Church You have to love this traditional 11:00am service. I was invited and am glad I came. People are welcoming.  I really liked hearing the worship here and you will too. They are trying to purchase a huge organ and I fully support it based on the beautiful playing that is happening now with their smaller one. I'd encourage anyone looking for a church to try Central UMC."  with all the traditional trimmings and an amazing choir to boot.   We have settled into the ease and familiarity of JJJ.  The church community is so warm and welcoming.  If you find yourself interested in renewing your faith "We were guests there once in about 2003 for one of the morning services.  We are used to megachurches with lots of praise and worship and messages where many Bible passages are referred to and explained with practical An interesting Church in the heart of central Phoenix. The traditional service is at 11 am complete with choir and formal music and presentation. Not many attend this service but if a formal church service is to your liking Check this out. At 9 A.M The offering is a informal contemporary service that has many people of all ages that attend.  The music is many of the same songs over and over. Get some variety please. But this service has many people that attend and if your looking for a relaxed atmosphere this is the one. People of all lifestyles are welcomed are not judged nor is the message one of judgment. One thing be self sufficient in your life and not need charitable contributions. But I must be fair as I don't think many churches are equipped to address situations of that sort.  If your views are more to the center of the spectrum or even a bit left you will be fine. Those is the Right Wing theater of life. This might not be the place for you. "I attended Central UMC for several years before moving away from Arizona.  Pastor Larry has some of the best sermons I have ever heard - thought provoking I attend to hear the music and companionship for my husband."  I'm often ridiculed for my deep Catholic faith. My faith and beliefs are those of my own and between God and myself...and I'm thankful to share spiritual moments at St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church."  near the light rail and really pretty. It actually looks like a cathedral. Lots of parking  the host had a sort of citrus taste. Overall this is a good Catholic church. I think I will return." SFX offers a daily noon day Mass that lasts until 12:30 pm." After moving to the downtown area I spent a few months visiting different churches around the area. I finally got around to visiting St. Francis and felt right at home here. I love this large church and it reminds me of the cathedral I grew up going to with the stain glass windows. Everyone has been very welcoming! I love attending mass at this beautiful church. Come to Sunday Mass - you wont regret it"  it's a large church there is something for everyone and every age.  There are so many small group Bible studies available.  People are friendly and they even have greeters in purple vests in the parking lot to assist you.  Sunday Bible studies are at 9 am and church begins at 10:30 in the main sanctuary.  All are welcome!"  and other ways to get involved. Great workout facility in the Family Life Center that only costs $30/month with no contracts. Overall 5 stars for building community and promoting healthy spirits AND bodies!!" "Been here before to skate and its very nice  North Phoenix Baptist Church is a great resource to have in the North Central community." Great family oriented church. They have tons of activities. Went here for the first time.  The worship music was wonderful.  The pastor's message was great.  Seems like a great place to go to church.  I am looking forward to returning. We went here to vote.  Huge mega church.  However the people who were working the poll for the City elections were so nice!  They thanked us for voting when we should have been thanking them for working do US.  the church goes black and we all have our candles ready. Then each of our candles gets lit from the person next to us until everyone has a lit candle. The ceremony is so beautiful that I started crying. At that moment when we celebrate Christ rising  and this church prooved the point.  The greeter at the door asked if we were familair with the Orthodox Xristos Anesti celebrations always bring me to the verge of joyous tears so if you're a person of Faith and want to try something different When I'm at MHT I am home. The priests are friendly and make themselves available to parishioners. The church is beautiful and peaceful. The adoration chapel is a huge blessing. ikq90EnoncDpb8tMx_kgVA Mr. Brennan is no longer principal of the school. The new principal is Ms. Margaret MacCleary. The school is staffed by ten laypersons and three sisters. "Now while i have only attended church service there a couple of times...this location has one of it not the best fireworks show in the valley here in AZ. I will definitely be making this annual trip to this locale to see this fantastic spectacle of a lights and colors...it was in a word FABULOUS. I posted some pics of the fireworks extravaganza...please check them out. Eat  even though I am not a member here. Services are prompt and average about 1.5 hours and there is always a friendly face greeting you at the door."  but fairly well mixed.  I personally think the vocals are hard to pick out.  It's more moddern type worship and suites the younger crowd very well.  Older individuals may not feel very comfortable during the music  but I found the size not very conductive to effective worship.  No one really gets to know anyone.  This ""church"" is not for me."  it makes it all the better. The barnetts are simply amazing. Groups are amazing. I love it so much! A great part is they offer free day care during service so I have something to do with my toddler while I worship! I love PFA!" "Sunrise Easter service was great. Music and message was wonderful. Followed by a tasty brunch and then the 9am The Bridge was fantastic. Stage was colorful with 100s of flowers. Message was good   yet still feels like a small church. I drive 30 miles to come here. 30 miles past a lot of other churches to get here. It's a church with a heart  giving this mega church a personable feel. The worship and the service were both amazing too. If I were a nearby resident  which was pretty cool. met Pastor Ben (guess he was the Youth pastor) briefly during the meet & greet! Incidentally it was Pastor Ben's birthday the day I visited...very cool!!" It is definitely something I always look forward to every Christmas.  This year they did a Christmas Express show and it was pretty amazing.  Looking forward to seeing what they do next year for the Christmas performance."  but not a mega-mega church like CCV. Very friendly members and staff.  Singing is incredible!  They have entertaining programs and I just love the causes they give to." Meh!!  Wish the people were nicer Took the kids here for bible school they were fed rotten food had to beg for water treated my kids like CRAP left them in the hot sun for 30 min it was summer are yall serious? because we weren't apart of the church. The volunteer s were not representing God. Check yourself before u do work in name of Jesus. There was no love here :(  you will love the move of the spirit at Phx 1st and you will love the church too. God bless!"  the most impressive Assembly of God church that I have ever attended over the years with LA Dream Center being the second. I first attended this church when Tommy was the pastor and Dream center's grand opening in like 1992 when Luke was pastor and let me say that the most amazing thing was not the size of the building The only reason to go to this church is for the performing arts. The preaching is dull.  my mom is very old school and very traditional.  She's attended Assemblies of God Churches almost her entire life.  She loves old hymns and singing from hymnals.  Mom just told me that she wants to start attending Dream City regularly.  She is hopeful to find a service there that will meet her worship needs while listening to excellent sermons." During our Vacation in Arizona this Church has been a huge Blessing for us. We came back to Germany with new Joy and Vision. Thanks to the Pastor Luke Barnett for his great Messages and the fantastic Worship Team.  I usually don't give negative reviews but this really pissed me off. My faith is so important to me and I just believe no one should preach God's word who can't practice what they preach!" This. hur h is amazing and a blessing to the  ommunity!  They put on the most amazing plays.  great place to book your next life event!" "Beautiful parish!  And also home to the amazing Legacy Ballroom which is available for wedding receptions and events.  The annual Middle East food festival is a wonderful family event with fantastic food  it has always been a great experience for me and my family."  the Orthodox Church is the first Christian Church.  The Orthodox Church can be traced in unbroken continuity all the way back to Christ and His Twelve Apostles twenty centuries ago. The Church of Antioch was established by the Apostles Paul and Barnabas in 42 A.D.  we secured our rehearsal date a year advance; they changed the date on us (which we were ok with) but when we arrived on the resceduled date - the ballroom was occupied with another venue as such we had our wedding rehearsal outside.  I spoke to Bob who manages the Ballroom (currently) he promised to issue credit and back pedal on his words.  I am currently flighting the charge with the Legacy Ballroom.  I would not recommend doing business with the Legacy Ballroom.  Lovely location and venue but the management SUCKS!  I have reported the Legacy Ballroom to the Better Business Bureau with the hopes that no one will do business with them and they will be forced to close their doors or clean up their act." As a last note:  What a difference in attitudes of the Greek Festival at St. Halambros Church where every single person working there is more than happy you are there no matter if you are an outsider or Church member The bible studies are great and you learn a lot. I really do consider St. George as my second home. It may not be for everyone but if you are open and willing to learn about the ancient faith  and the graciousness of our people.  You will NOT be disappointed!  It's a great night for the entire family." This is our families second time visiting the St George Antiochian Orthodox Church for their Festival of the Middle East. What a wonderful warm community! We felt so welcome last year that this year we decided to attend their 9am service. The church is beautiful and the service was old world traditional. Similar to the pre1962 Roman Catholic Church but yet different. A worth while experience. The festival was a lot of fun and A LOT of delicious food. We tried almost everything and it was fabulous! The desserts couldn't be passed up and making a decision was very difficult. Wonderful food and wonderful hospitality made for another wonderful experience this year. I am sure we will return soon.  the church school playground opened for them to play as well as plenty of inflatable bounce houses for them to burn off all that energy.  Face painting for donation plus shaved ice and caramel popcorn for $1 or $2. The church gift shop was opened all day to shop. A visit to this festival will leave you enriched in the history and culture." It is a beautiful church. While I am not a Catholic myself I attended service last Sunday and this Easter Sunday. Everyone seems nice there but I just don't particularly agree with the comment I heard about how noncatholics are not permitted to partake in communion which is the symbolic intake of the body and blood of Jesus. I believe that if a church isn't a place that a drug addict can feel welcome then it isn't a church. But if your a Catholic living in Phoenix it is a beautifully decorated church and seems to have good people. And during Lent they have the best fish fry in all or Arizona  Jean made it clear if more then hundred people showed up it would be no problem to move everything to the large chapel. After the service everyone went to the banquet room which was only about 100 feet away from the chapel. We were able to put on a slide show  pray & meditate in the St. Katherine Drexel Chapel - I find it to be very cathartic. Although I'm a member at another Catholic Church My favorite Catholic Church. Beautiful mass !! The staff is so welcoming. Live going here. Thanks father Kline !! 