"All I can say is ""WOW"".  This theater is beyond amazing.  I have never been to the Imax Theater and we were at the Science Center for the Guitar exhibit and I wanted to see the ""Born to be Wild"" movie.  We only got to see an hour of the film because the power went out Bonus it's all set up like a movie theater and is accompanied by a concession stand that serves ICEEs.  I would not suggest it for very little kids under 5  I think if the music was more my taste  the concessions are crazy cheap...like $3.50 for a big popcorn cheap.  On the negative I highly recommend seeing flicks with sceneries. I took my little 4 year-old cousin here to see ""Flight of the Butterflies"". At one point she was so into the movie that she stood up and reached out her arms trying to catch the butterflies. It was a beautiful sight. Thank you Omnimax for nurturing that childlike wonders."  so don't try. Instead opt for a national geographic title. Preferably anything under water. For some reason the under water movies just seem so real. The screen is dome It's also very easy to take a bus to this theater."  the theater is easily accessible via public transportation.  The concessions are cheap How did I not realize that the Harris is cash only?  I know. I felt as though I could hear every movement of audience members and the sound of crunching popcorn made me laugh out loud for some reason  it still looks like a holdover from its porno days.  But they show great films here and since the Fulton Mini Byham is now a concert hall  the Regent should be your first choice.  I can usually find an available parking spot on the street.  The staff is helpful and artsy hip.  There's a cool gallery space downstairs.  The selection of films shown is really worth taking a look at.  Yes I am glad that we have the Harris downtown  I was pleasantly surprised in an old non-stadium seating theater that not one single head was in my viewing array in a packed theater.  My seat was comfy enough (yes  simple and clean. Nice to see some remnants of these old school theaters still operating downtown. Went to see Bastards during the Three Rivers Film Festival. Staff are friendly and welcoming." I do wish that I could get to the Harris Theater more than I do because it's so dang close to my place of employment but I must admit I visit once every few years.  It is one level seating and nothing like the IMAX screening appearance but with that being said it's great to support an independent theater.  The Harris theater has a very grass-vibe.  but provides the iconic popcorn smell (and freshly popped) upon entry.  A great spot with beautiful lighting to draw in the general public  ""Eisenstein in Guanajuato"".  It was an interesting film that I don't think I would've ever seen or heard of otherwise.  The venue is just the right size for a small movie theater in the middle of downtown.  And unlike most movie theaters the place is clean!!!" Worth checking out if you're in the area."  2010.  Fortunately they worked out an agreement with the mall owners and will stay in business.  They're also expanding into family fare.  That's great 'cos too many Pittsburgh theatres have bitten the dust recently including the Squirrel Hill I think a little renovation would greatly help this establishment - if you can avoid this theatre and go with one with all the bells and whistles!"  dark theater that leaks water when it rains. Do not go!" It's a movie theater. If you are already in The Galleria and want to see a movie and are willing to pay theater prices for this place  more expensive than others. Choose to go elsewhere."  and this is a big improvement.  My biggest gripe this time around was the extreme volume of *some* of the ads that are on before the previews Go during the day if you can - a 4pm-5:30 show. You'll get the best deal - $5.75 tickets. You may even have money left over for the insanely overpriced popcorn and Coca-Cola Freestyle soda machine."  are of course outrageous. This theater does offer a popcorn bucket which you can buy and use for the entire year giving you a discount on future popcorn purchases." "I like the new remodel.  The isles are deep and the seats are great.  I thought the rake of the floor wasn't really steep enough but no one sat in front of me so that I could test out my theory that someone large would block my view.  It's really expensive.  I'm not sure if the other 5 rooms have stadium seating or not.  The bargain matinee is usually the first show but not here.... it's between 4 and 5:30.  It's $9 for the first show of the day.  Maybe I am showing my age but this seems like a ton of money.  It's $5.75 for the late afternoon bargain.  I would come back for a cheap show.  Overall The movie theater had become very run down in the last couple of years but it remodeled and reopened a few months ago. It has major upgrades and updates and is quickly becoming my favorite movie theater. There are now glass doors that separate it from the rest of the Galleria. When you walk through the door you get hit with the smell of fresh popcorn. Yum!  You purchase your tickets and snacks at the same place. It's all one purchase. The lobby is brightly lit and welcoming. The new seats in the theaters are almost like recliners-very roomy and comfy. The aisles between the rows are also roomy. People in your row don't have to stand up to let you by. I think even someone in a walker could easily make it down the aisle. They show current box office movies and provide a clean environment. "Went here tonight with my 6 year old daughter for a Father's Day Date night. Seats are big and comfortable. Theater was clean and staff was friendly. Ticket prices are a bit higher than some of the other local theaters Recently remodeled. Huge seats for comfort that are spacious with lots of room for arms and legs. Movie price are outrageous in my opinion especially if you plan on having snacks. I would choose this theater over others in the area due to the recent remodeling."  dirty and smelled musty. Leg room is great but aside from that I can't think of any other positive thing to post. We won't return here." I'm sure I'll be back again and hopefully that individual working at the counter will not be having such a bad day."  he was extremely smug and rude.  He looked like he was excited to tell me I couldn't bring the drink in.  I didn't care. I sat in the little snack area and drank it.  Just the smugness in his tone and attitude was a turn off.  He had no interpersonal skills what so ever and was rude."  and the sound on the movie was awful. The movie was a quiet drama and there were thunderstorm bass rumblings the entire movie."  but this time I had my daughter and her friend so I wanted them to be satisfied (which is actually impossible for these two).  The tickets were reasonably priced at about $5.75 each for after 4pm on a Sunday I prefer this location to its Fort Couch neighbor. This is mainly due to a less teenage more adult crowd. Smaller and older but well-kept and nice staff. Not the cleanest theater in the world and just as expensive as anywhere else but it does the trick.  And I'm really starting to like it because I feel like I'm traveling back in time when I pull into the parking lot and see the sign.  It's got that Edward Scissorhands Publix mojo.  but it's been around since I was a kid.  I used to go to this theater every weekend in middle school.  They typically have an odd selection of movies  but it's still a fun place to come and relax while watching a great movie.  I also like the fact that they play some independent fare.  The type of stuff most other places won't really give much time to.  A very low key place with a serious retro feel." I'd still recommend bringing the big purse or backpack and sneaking in sodas. It's expensive!"  the theater has wisely recently converted to showing mostly independent films that the Manor Theatre can't carry due to its size of only two theaters.  This allows Charlotte to have even more independent films playing at any one time -- yea!  Kudos to Park Terrace and Regal Entertainment (who bought them from Consolidated Theaters)!  Plus  and there are lots of dining options--from super nice to quick and easy--within walking distance "I think this theater is as rad as the shopping center sign that everyone else is raving about. I feel that it is almost a badge of honor for theaters showing indie films to be kinda busted. I mean  as if you don't you'll be like me yesterday...waiting in line outside behind many senior citizens with coupons and gift cards." I know I'll be back to Park Terrace Theaters soon...probably to see some half-indie flick that will be nominated for an Oscar!" Thoroughly enjoyable!" Recently I have been seeing a bunch of movies that were nominated for a best picture Oscar.  I've enjoyed all the movies I have seen here - and definitely enjoying the ""smaller"" crowd since this theater only has 6 screens.  I guess the phrase All-in-all great place to watch a great film! By the way  which is occasionally appropriate for some of the movies.  Great job to the theater and its staff!"  so I can earn valuable points for free snacks and an occassional free movie!  The theater is comfortable...and the placement of popular films in the larger auditoriums works very well.  Another important thing for a great theater experience is fresh hot popcorn!!!  Park Terrace always has fresh (not pre-popped-out of the bag) popcorn!  I enjoy it there.....as a matter of fact...let me go to Fandango to see what is playing today!!!!"  and an interesting mix of independent and main-stream cinema.  I like it.  And who cares about the seats anyway.  They might be old Date night?  Check out Good Food or the Flying Biscuit across the street for dinner." Enjoy the movie and turn your cell phone off!" I freakin' love this place! Probably one of the VERY few theaters in the area to show indie films. Comfy seats and low key atmosphere makes this a great place to come to spend a few hours in. Make note that matinee is before 3pm though. "This theater is one of two showing Friends with Kids (highly recommend). I was impressed with the cleanliness and quality of the theater. Seats were comfortable and we had an unobstructed view as the place was rather empty on Sunday evening. The staff was cheery - and overall the price was in line with other theaters ($10 for non matinee). Since its located in a shopping center Their movie choices are usually not the big name films right when they come out and they also have a selection of off-brand indie films that are worth watching." This place has my vote! Cheers  it's just old... Sound and picture quality were great for the indie and later release type movies they obviously show. I wouldn't come here for an action and effects heavy flick  they offer a movie selections that can't be found at other theaters.  While they are as expensive and don't have as many movies or movie times as other theaters the selection of indie films or other off the beaten path films is worth it.  If you are looking for films that aren't as mainstream check this place out.  Again  Montford Drive) within walking distance open up the possibility of making the evening a special ""Date Night   Dinner & a Movie"" event.  They usually don't show the absolutely most recent movies that have just released  we go to the great Good Food on Montford down the road for dinner. Other times we go to Flying Biscuit and get a light meal." "Charlotte needs more theatres with limited release movies.  Right now there is the Manor Twin I love this movie theater.  It's less crowded than Phillips Place or the others.  The popcorn at this theater is also better! "I like this theater - fewer popcorn flicks and more independent films documentaries and such. In my photo you can see more healthy For an indie film that I really wanted to see  the theater is clean. I do like how they haven't changed the sign out front (probably since the place was built). Since the vast majority of the movies they show aren't the typical popcorn fare  closed it again and then opened it again. Short staffed and doing the best they could but thank goodness we arrived 30 minutes early because we missed most of the previews and popped in just in time for the actual movie."  she sold us a ticket. Then (obviously) it made sense to have us wait in another line all over to get concessions. Either lower the ticket prices so this is a value theater - or keep the premium price and staff appropriately or maybe even replace the carpet. We do love Park Rd shopping center  it is so amazing.  If anyone wants to join the fan club to get this carpet up to PDX carpet status (http:  www.pdxcarpet.com) let me know." The staff is friendly and there aren't crazy lines like you sometimes experience at other theatres."  real smart ass. She poured me a 3 oz pour and charged me around $10. When I asked her about the pour she said real sarcastically ""Looks like the standard pour to me."" The movie hasn't even started and I already feel jipped. This theatre is DYING After a long day of shopping at Park Road Shopping Center I like this theater because it's on the smaller side.  Only downfall is it needs some updates.  The bathrooms especially could use a face lift.  only to have to come back to the side they came in on. Get here before the movie so you don't have to be the annoying people who climb over everyone to get to an open seat." Seats were comfortable and movie quality was great. We will be returning!" I've been going to this theater for a while and its a small and simple theater but the people who work there are super sweet. If you want a nice intimate experience go here!  impressively clean and they serve beer and wine. Definitely our preferred spot to see a movie! Hit Park Rd Shopping Center for dinner and gelato and make a whole night of it."  is that the 18 and a half year old concessions guy was barely paying attention to what was going on.  But I guess I wouldn't be either if I was an 18 and a half year old movie theater concessions guy.  The manager standing next to him however didn't have any excuse.  This place could be a little better but at the end of the day  but I really couldn't understand why.  For god's sakes they were all teenagers and the job is so easy.  The job is easy and you get to see free pictures.  Nonetheless  which makes for a more intimate feeling. I thought the staff was friendly and efficient. Concession prices are too high  it is in bad need of renovations. There is an odd smell throughout that I could not place but was annoying.  The paint on walls is ""patch"" fixed splotchy.  Staff was friendly Enough of the bathroom talk.... seats are OK and I do like the set up of buying tickets outside (the traditional way) instead of going in through a ton of doors.  I always thought it was cool riding down HWY 51 I LOVE this cinema. CHUD.com isn't the best movie website in the world but it's damn good! Definitely a fan of this place.  I love that it's not as crowed as Stonecrest.  The crowd is typically over 65 or under 16 years old -- definitely not the most popular theater for 18 and up but that's why I like it so much!  No crowds and good service.  We will definitely be back. I only go here if I have no other choice. This place is filthy and outdated. The bathrooms are yuck and this whole place should be redone! Nasty! It's a pity; you would think they would set the prices low enough to ensure all the seats are filled at most screenings. If they used some basic Economics 101 theory in their marketing model  then go to AMC.   This is a good little theater with a lot to offer but its really up to what type of experience you are looking for.  if you want a quiet time and don't have time to waste to catch a movie ie spontaneous with friends;  go here." The theater itself had plenty of room and wasn't that full.  The chairs were comfortable although one chair my sister initially sat in was missing an arm.  We moved over and the 3 of us got quite comfy.  The screen had great visuals and the surround sound was great Here's to keeping costs down while still contributing to our consumerist economy!" So I'll be back to enjoy another movie!"  and yet it's not sluggish enough to close.  A great place to see popular movies if you don't want to be in a packed theater." I feel like I'm in the 80s at this movie theater . This place is in need of a major renovation and carpet cleaning "Bad seats that lean too far back and our movie was just a fraction out of focus in the center.  The only plus The popcorn was perfect though. Great butter to popcorn ratio and pretty quick at getting you taken care of so you can hurry up to the big screen."  as she was standing up in the middle of the theater. Ignored it for the movie while they continued being loud and rude throughout. Watched the group sneak into another movie as I was walking out. Let the ""assistant manager"" and someone else in a black suit know - they said that they were going to ""go check it out"". As I came out of the bathroom I noticed them nonchalantly walking back into the concession stand area from near the screen I told them they went into. They didn't even go in and check. Horrible excuse for theater staff and keeping the bs out. Unimpressed." "This is my favorite commercial movie theater.  The biggest draw for me is 1) location and 2) hot cinnamon and sugar donuts!  They always have a large selection of movies due to the many many screens.  A big plus is that  I think I'll wear a trench coat and inside I'll have bags of popcorn and cans of soda strapped to me so I can smuggle in the contraband and be an arsehole just for the heck of it." Your only choice for movies if you're on the east side.  Older theater shows the current films but don't expect anything extraordinary from here.  and bought 3 large boxes of candy for 3 bucks!  Yes!  The same candy in the same size boxes that they sell at the theater for 4.25 a piece!  That's a 9.75 savings to me Eastgate Its nothing special. If you want to see a movie it works.  not a bad seat in the house.  Plus there's fantastic eats!"  I always will love this place. I hope that it gets repurposed and not bulldozed when the business is moved further East. I'll bump the review to 4 stars simply for being the awesome home of so many memories. :)"  I had a good theater experience and would go here again if I'm in the area." Thank you for your niceness and your prompt response.  I appreciate it."  I've experience better and I would say that is what Eastgate Cinemas has become.  They do not have enough showtimes for movies which lack blockbuster status.  Then to cancel showtimes with no notice is not a great way to do business." Way to clean the bathrooms I really like this theatre."  and mess up my ticket and even mislabeling the movie times and which screen is playing what movie...that I try to go to other locations. The bag policy would change each time I did have to see a film here because it was convenient. Just check it? Just look inside it? Have to take it and hold it? Can't come in at all with it? It gets exhausting." 