I climbed in the free fall area without ropes.  Climbing courses are marked by colored tape on the walls so you can climb according to your skill level.  It's a great work out...I can barely move my arms enough to type out this review."  there were some decent climbs. The V3's were fairly easy but the V3 V4's were exponentially harder. I was able to do one V4 V5  but I don't know if I would be happy living with it as my only go-to." "The blonde woman who tuns the gym was extremely rude to us. First time we went she refused yo.get off the phone on a personal call to help us. Then she gave us the rules for the bouldering area in a rapid bored monotone. Compared to other climbing gyms I have gone to this gym is less safe (no gri-gris) 5V1K5DRpGrObijbtCuPbcg  so you won't get bored. One staff member in particular was amazing - Allen - who spent the time giving climbing tips and encouragement to whomever needed it. Costs are also reasonable ($12 day  this makes it harder for beginners to get in and get a feel. I did complete one or two V7 or V8. Just to push myself but I would have had more fun if I had the support of a rope so the next time I go back I will consider classes. Which costs a little bit more but oh well. Class times are limited check the website."  and right next to the East End Food Co-op.  It can get crowded Sometimes the gym can get crowded (especially on Wednesdays) but there's lots of routes and it's fun to take some time and meet other climbers." "Went to this place on a Groupon and fell in love. It reminds me of the days when I lived in Denver. I miss it! The routes are decently hard and allow me to push myself to get better. Staff has always been awesome. People there help give pointers. It does get pretty crowded sometimes  whereas the toproping ones test your endurance and forethought.  The staff is all very friendly but Lauren and Josh are especially fun to talk to and get pointers from.  I highly recommend checking it out!" Tip: If you're a beginner without your own equipment I would love to see the walls refreshed in a cement faux-rock style Wednesdays are Ladies Night: Half off entrance fee ($6) for women and men who show up wearing a sports bra or ladies tank top. Also a good night to visit and watch men in ladies tank tops..if that's your jam."  good climbing problems that were kept up to date. Tons of great bouldering "I like this place but the hours are inconvenient (top roping doesn't open until 5PM during the week!!!!) I wish they would expand their hours. Otherwise  because they always required a bit more creativity to manage. That there were kids and couples and teenagers with their parents and college students all using the same routes made it feel more like a great community center than just another place to get exercise."  some were awful. The staff is very unfriendly. Unless you're part if the clique no one will talk to you."  silly rule where they make everyone wear paper wristbands before entry. + 1 star because they are finally installing air conditioning."  but they work with what they've got. I've always found the staff to be friendly and knowledgeable." - The fees are unreasonable for the customer experience we get here." Worst climbing gym I have ever been to. Customer service was a joke. Wall appears as if a boy scout went ham with a few sheets of plywood back in the 80s and then did nothing since then. Holds are prehistoric and grimy. Setting is subpar. Insurance doesn't allow for people who can't belay to be belayed? Better off climbing the outside of the building for a good pump.. The ventilation in the bouldering area is terrible. Please install some chalk eaters. People are inhaling tons of chalk into their lungs and are going to get pneumoconiosis from climbing at your gym. I expected better from Pittsburgh and heard that there is a new gym coming  and overall the place isn't very clean.  I believe there is some potential here  and safe. I was never concerned about the safety of any one. If you're looking for a creative group activity or birthday party "Wanted to leave an updated review for this place. My first review was too critical. This is a gym in Pittsburgh and you need to set your expectations accordingly. This gym cant go toe to toe with world class gyms like planet granite in sf or Seattle bouldering project in Washington Pricing is also very good (especially if you are a student)."  because I was actually pleasantly surprised there was even a climbing gym here!"  is sometimes the more serious groups of climbers will monopolize entire walls at a time.  Not cool "I bought the Groupon with a friend and we were both pleasantly surprised. Friendly  loved this place. Would come back without hesitation."  but closer to the ground and without the need for a lot of the equipment.  that means its a lot cheaper to just boulder. But that also takes away the thrill of climbing 30+ feet in the air supporting yourself on nothing but tiny plastic grips and your own determination. So for me it was worth it to pay the $25 I've seen birthday parties there so it looks like the take care of kids pretty good also."  it's not crowded. the routes are challenging.. the rental shoes fit really well too!  my only complaint is trying to do boulder with a v1 right next to a whole bunch of crazy guys doing leads. mm yea I'll definitely be back once I build up some upper body strength..." ****ALSO for those who find it difficult to find what I do is look for the large white Inner Peaks van that is almost always parked out front - turn in there and drive to the back of the parking lot." Be careful if you sign up for a membership- and send emails via your own account so you have copies- I learned a huge lesson here." If you're headed there for the first time - or are a new climber - remember to ask  but aside from that you should find everyone is friendly and willing to give you some beta if you ask (or some times if you don't)." Definitely the premier climbing gym in all of Charlotte. Love it. Maybe one day I'll get a full-fledged membership!" Inner Peaks is an excellent place for indoor climbing and for training for serious outdoor climbing. There is a knowledgeable staff as well as equipment for rental. Only negative is that it gets a little boring after a couple of hours unless you are absolutely serious about climbing.  but if you are serious about a good workout this is an amazing place." 1KC0E2lIysAxK0jpynNhDQ So we came to the front and I thanked the manager again for his help and allowing us to try it out first. We will definitely be back and the climbing wall in our son's room will be the next project!" Monday nights get busy. Other wise it's pretty chill."  and the people that work there are too!" 1KC0E2lIysAxK0jpynNhDQ  the facility has a decent amount of bouldering and looks to have some good lead climbing and top roping. It's not a very social bunch This is a solid gym for NC - the walls aren't the  tallest but they are constantly improving and striving to make climbing accessible for those looking for a fun thing to try and for those training for their next outdoor send."  painting them and fixing up some of the holds. I'm super stoked to see what the new South End location has in store for them!" Second location coming to the SouthEnd in 2015!"  I guess. I wish there was a student discount or pass package or something  it's a great upper body work out. Bouldering was so difficult definitely got to be in great upper body shape. I had a blast and the place was pretty cool nice staff."  but in general the facility was spacious and had a ton of options. Now I just need to convince all my friends to come climbing with me!"  they said there was no purchase history on it. I bought it in march and thankfully had purchased it with a card otherwise they would not have been able to find it and credit the visit to the giftcard. This is most definitely an employee error and I wanted some sort of voucher for my friend since this was unacceptable. The manager was very apathetic and did not care that my friend had gone there just to use the giftcard and had to pay with her own money to buy the pass. From the view of the person who bought the giftcard for a birthday  their employees and even the manager couldn't be efficient about this. Even the manager couldn't be any sincere about what had happened. One of the employee mentioned how this happens oftenly. This is something you should not be proud of or even mention to your customers. I wonder how many disappointed customers who purchased a giftcard walked out of their doors. You've got to be extra extra careful when purchasing a giftcard here. Much attention needed since they will charge you for the giftcard but not even put money in there. We are both upset and VERY disappointed that we both had to go through this. My positive view on this place has changed  because just as I found my groove we had to leave.  There was a good variety of climbing options for novice and expert climbers. Definitely give yourself time to get acclimated if it's been a while. A fun way to spend time indoors for kids or adults!"  I cannot recommend Inner Peaks enough." Got there around 3 on a Saturday and it was pretty crowded. Most ropes were in use. However by 4pm there weren't many people there. I would recommend going early or later on in the day. Will definitely be back."  but wanting more. We're definitely looking forward to going back and even checking out the south end location as well. Shannon was a great help We were there for about 2.5 hours and it was so fun and worth it! We would definitely go back again!" "It was our first time here and we will be back for sure!  The staff is excellent.  Very friendly and knowledgeable.  The facility is very clean and well maintained. While we are very.much beginners  and we used our own tennis shoes which were fine for climbing. I like how they have the ""difficulty"" level marked on each course with numbers so you can gauge what to try next. I would definitely consider a membership and coming back here. Rock climbing is so much fun!" 