 not a place I consider for a full meal (though I've done it). I suggest it for drink potential and perhaps some appetizers." "This is a gret place to go if you like Martini's!  The food is pretty good and the decor is awesome!  There are always some randoms bartending and you're never sure if you'll get a hipster or old mother Hubbard  we had a great time there."  but I often get them with a glass of 'funk.'  They need to clean their lines more often to get rid of that taste  they would definitely deserve a five-star rating." Solid place to grab a martini and listen to some sub-par live music. Far from amazing but hey not everywhere is going to be right? The calmari was excellent and we'll keep them in mind for their extensive dessert menu."  this place was very refreshing . The bar was very crowded but the staff made sure that everyone who came in was waited on right away . Great service tops everything else ." OxIeMVcop5oxBUWANi-1Rw Great time. Went over for drinks after James Taylor concert. Bar had a fun crowd Love the atmosphere and martini menu here. Nothing like a Frosted Grape martini and exposed brick to make you feel like a class act. I've also enjoyed any sandwich or salad I've ever gotten here. Highly recommeded!  we were presently surprised by the variety and quality at a reasonable price. The Buffalo Chicken spread was a flavorful hummus fare served with pita bites that were wonderful while warm. I had the Ahi Tuna Taco Platter that was tasty as well. The house Merlot was short of the $9 glass price "Pretty good.  The martini was weak  pre-performance drink dinner or night out.  There's a small restaurant set up downstairs and then upstairs has a really hip lounge feel.  The tomato bisque is beyond amazing and the desserts are decadent.  But since they have it in the name Nice location near the theater before the show?  Done and done.  I'd be back." I would definitely recommend for appetizers and drinks!" "Olive and Twist is a convenient and rather nice bar to visit if you're staying in the downtown area.  The huge beer list and so so martinis do their job well in attracting the suits and theater crowds in mass numbers.  Finding a seat can be a chore if you come at the wrong hour because no one ever leaves!  The food menu is your typical bar menu and is very well priced.  My party only got the nachos which were good.  Our bartender I can't say this is a south side meat market vibe but the young are here to mix and meet. This particular night we were full of giggles and playful flirtations. There was some kind of CMU business men event going on and within a minute the bar was packed with young eligible bachelors in suits. Way too dressy for my taste but it was fun to talk and check people out. Everyone was friendly and from my perch on the bar it seemed everyone had mixed drinks in hand so I joined in with my signature dirty martini. It was made just right. The ambiance and music was light. I was having a good time and an even better time when offered drinks and striking up conversation. I didn't get to sample the food because we had already eaten but I will def be back. This place would be ideal for a date night. Stay tuned..."  but the food was marginally good. It was very loud as well. Great lighting (Its been a little while since I was there last)" I'd certainly recommend anything with the purred fruit in it (apple  I'm not as big a fan of the food.  The buffalo chicken spread appetizer is great for happy hour but I just didn't love the other items I've tried and the entrees aren't memorable.  I recently discovered the upstairs lounge and it was comfortable and spacious (much more so than the crowded downstairs bar).   If you work downtown and you haven't stopped here for happy hour Not sorry. He sucked." Nothing special for drinks."  and plan on coming back! :]"  as they dimmed the lights and shut off the music we got the hint we've been talking way to long. If she could have been a tid more polite  great art work on the walls and the bartenders were extremely nice and attentive. The happy hour drink prices were also pretty good. I didn't get a chance to try any food but I did wander down for a minute and it seemed like everyone was having a good time. I'll def be back!" "I get it. It gets busy when you're a bartender waitress sometimes. I've been there myself. But you can explain why things are late or why it takes nearly half an hour to pour a glass of wine without being incredibly rude and cold Note - you may want to give them a call first... the upstairs is booked for private parties sometimes and if you're stuck downstairs I'm glad we've become such close friends and you both always welcome me with open arms even when it's been a while."  which I imagine would be neet. People were sure flowing in." For the drop in spot after a show or just happy hour with friends I found this to be a pretty down to earth and decent spot. The waitress was not that great but she was young "Excellent food (especially the tomato basil soup- and I don't even like tomato soup).  Moderate service I thought the service was good.. we sat in the dining area and had someone waiting on us the entire time. We walked by the bar on our way out - it was crowded with several groups of people standing around the bar. I'm glad we were at a table."  they also offer a reasonable selection of beers including microbrews." Went to this place for lunch. My wife order a wrap and I order a salad. Very nice food. The sweet potato fries are wonderful. My smoked duck break salad is wonderful too. Highly recommended. "Found you on Yelp and weren't disappointed. Very friendly waitstaff and good food (bar fare). Yummy desserts. The acoustics downstairs were terrible. Exposed brick everywhere and no noise dampening.  Not the best place for an intimate dinner or quiet conversation on the weekend. But a young  love the calamari. It's so good and spicy. There is an endless list of martinis and one is better than the next. There is a first and second floor  nice atmosphere to chill in the upstairs lounge and hang up with your friends. Classy crowd and much more mature  I'd say it was a fun atmosphere.  It seemed like an older crowd.  One problem was that the performer downstairs was too loud.  I'd say for a more relaxed  a fun atmosphere - pretty diverse crowd."  I think this is probably a way better bar to have a drink in then a restaurant.  I will return to try a martini "The cocktail menu options were mouth-watering. Great place to grab a drink with friends They do lose a star because even though we were one of three occupied tables and a few taken seats at the bar Try the sweet potato fries with a side of honey mustard instead of ketchup. Linda and the rest of the ladies at the bar are awesme.  and the Seared Tuna Salad is a muuuust. If you aren't feeling the salad  if I was going back to Pittsburgh in this area I saw some pretty amazing and tasty martini's being prepared. Olive Or Twist has a martini that is served with sprinkles rimming the glass I think I overheard that it was called the cake batter martini the food is great too!  Stop in for a drink  but one that we felt a little to young and poor for (we're still college students). I think I'd try somewhere else for a nice date night next time I go here pretty often for drinks. They have the best variety of martinis and it's lively in the evenings. The buffalo chicken spread is highlyyyy recommended.  but will probably avoid coming here during its busiest days and hours (i.e. the end of the week and beginning of the weekend)."  and if he's the only one up front who has to seat me I get a distinctly unhappy vibe off him.  Killing him with kindness does not work.  Other than him **Disclaimer:   5 stars doesn't have to mean it's New York City good. It is a simple place and it's not flashy by any means.   I'd take a girl for the beginning of a date or on the opposite end of the spectrum "Only rating the upstairs friday happy hour. It had a nice lounge like feel with a lot of females. Not sure if it's always like this. The bar was trying to get rid of their excess green beer from St Pattys for just $1  we should have just went to the Sharp Edge down the street. Probably a much safer bet for future endeavors."  and people don't realize there's more to this place than just drinks. The food is under rated and tasty. Always on a recommend to other list." It was a great and comfortable experience for a bar. I will be going back soon!"  pleasant and comfortable. I was there on a Friday. The entertainment was excellent (a one-man band by the name of Mark Pipas -- who played music from all genres and rarely took breaks). The bar tenders are friendly and make great drinks  I recently went here for dinner and a drink before a Pirates game.  Both were excellent!"  its one of my favorite cheeses for salad topping!  Service was great here and even though I didn't have a drink here that night I have a previous time and they are yummy!  Love this place and can't wait for my next visit!"  nevertheless.    My husband ordered the Carribean Jerk Chicken Sandwich with a side of broccoli instead of fries.   HE LOVED EVERY BITE.   He was hesitant to even let me have a taste he wanted it all to himself.     Our waitress was so kind and welcoming.   Overall I am not from around the area and was just in town visiting. I would go back Owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal.  or a date.  This is one of my favorite downtown lunch spots!"  just stick to the tried and true. I had a chicken sandwich and I got to the center for an unpleasant surprise: pink meat. Yuck! Aside from that I tried the steak salad which was a major disappointment since the meat was gristly and tough. Overall stop in for your favorite wrap and a special flavored martini "A beautiful little bar with an exciting ""martini"" list - do step outside your comfort zone and try one of the crafted drinks." Food was really good.  Service was very good.  I'd recommend making a reservation.  We didn't and had to leave earlier than we wanted to.  and there were only 2 or 3 full tables in the ""dining room"". The crowd was full of 40 somethings and there was a cover band  mashed potatoes.  A colleague ordered the pesto pasta dish which looked delicious.  We didn't order drinks but in past visits they have a really nice variety of beer and I tried the Banana Bread beer (available in bottles) which is so tasty!! My only complaint was that it took a while for the waitress to take our orders and bring out the checks but it was very crowded with large parties. We stayed at our table after dinner to finish up some work and they did not mind which was great!" My happy hour hot spot! My friends are addicted to the buffalo chicken dip. Drink specials and great food selection.  the blackened salmon and the steak salad. All the food was fabulous. I ordered the tiramisu martini and had to have a second one it was so good. Finally "This place was pretty good for a Friday night out. My husband and I shared a calamari appetizer that was really great. We were both a little disappointed with our main courses - tuna and salmon. Cocktails were good and strong Love olive or twist. Chill atmosphere. Great drinks! "This place is pretty good. The buffalo chicken spread and the jerked salmon are awesome. The service is always good especially at the bar. They have an upstairs lounge that is open for happy hour during the week. If you are looking to grab a few drinks after work with friends  super tasty. I could snack on the candied walnuts all day. Then the buffalo chicken spread. Presentation was great-in a martini glass. The pita chips were delic! But where was the chicken? I searched through the entire martini glass "Truffle fries to die for & unique delicious cocktails w friendly staff to boot! They could use a door curtain to keep the cold chill out as it floods the bar area every time someone enters or exits but a nice My favorite bar in town love the live music and the martinis - fave is the strawberry shortcake!  I am feening for it. LOL.  I had the cake batter martini and the chocolate covered pretzel.  Sooo good! They got really creative here with the martinis and the presentation.  Definitely 5 stars for the martini bar :)  Will go back to taste the rest!" "We went here for drinks and a bite before a concert at nearby Byham theater. We had wings and a piece of cookies and cream cake. Both were outstanding. We both had the Fat Gary's Ale  avoid this place. When one of your co-workers suggests a work happy hour I really like this bar . When we first went in there was no room at the downstairs bar so we went up to the very pretty bar that was not crowded at all. They had the same happy hour prices and  the service was great..  friendly service! ... and did I mention happy hour?"  but I have to say that I really enjoyed my time. Only planning to get 1 drink I ended up getting 3 drinks. I loved the inside of the bar and my waitress was incredibly nice and pleasant to deal with. The drinks were very good and reasonably priced. All in all I will definitely be back!"  it was pretty delicious. I will be going back!"  get a drink off the menu - well worth the price and yuuuuuumy taste!"  if you want to feel transported from Pittsburgh and imagine yourself in a hip little bar restaurant in a more trendy city We arrived here before a show across the street and also had a groupon to accommodate. It took a little longer to be seated than we had anticipated but the wait staff was so accommodating and made sure to make recommendations on how long we had to eat. Fianc and I both went for the crab cake sandwiches and they were delicious. We also couldn't get enough of the fries! We even made it out of there with just a little time to spare when we thought for sure we would end up being late. I really cannot say enough about our wonderful waiter and it is very sad that I can't seem to remember his name as it has been so long since we've been."  very disappointed.  I wanted to love Olive or Twist because I really enjoyed the time I had visited for a drink  but not until around 7 so we had time to enjoy ourselves. I got the jerk chicken sandwich on the recommendation of the server and I have to tell you it was delicious!! The chicken wasn't too dry and the jerk seasonings were perfect. I also got the sweet potato fries for a side and they were very good. I wish they were a little more crispy  during the Three Rivers Art Fest. We were secluded in the upstairs area. I loved the atmosphere (very classy)  and the martinis (very unique and tasty). We dropped serious money on the drinks. We had a coupon from Foursquare for a free appetizer. I ordered the truffle fries Don't go here for anything but the walls and music." "So I decided to surprise my fianc one night by taking her here(because we've been talking about doing so for a while). We both got martinis and the nachos and buffalo spread apps. The martinis were just ok "This place is good for drink before and after shows. I always wanted to try their food This is my second time coming and I still love it and especially the Buffalo chicken spread! The atmosphere is a little dark for lunch time but over all it was a good experience.The service was also great.  which was so sweet I had to send it back. The food was mediocre. I ordered the burger medium and it was over cooked to nearly well done. And then there was the cheesy lounge singer who sang a mishmosh of singer songwriter tunes from the 80s. The music was so loud and so bad that my friends I left and headed down the street to Butcher and the Rye." Good drinks (I had the guava margarita and the peach martini) and great music selection. I didn't eat - but I plan on going back soon to try the food!  strong martini. I ordered the ""Perfect Pear"" martini recently and it was very strong tasting compared to the other time I had it. You get your money's worth of alcohol in their martinis for sure! This definitely is not a place where you get a watered down drink. The place is dimly lit and the walls are dark Maybe I will return for a drink or two one day."  but we were the only people in the bar area by 8:00.  Hopefully it was just a fluke because I liked Olive or Twist!" My family and I went to Olive or Twist before a Pirate Game. The food was delicious! I had the crab cake sandwich. The happy hour specials were also a plus. I had a cake batter martini which was tasty! The location is also convenient for anyone going to a game. We walked over Roberto Clemente bridge and were right there. We will definitely be going back! Great work Olive or Twist! We came here for drinks on a Friday night. They had a few good scotchs to select from and the upstairs had a nice crowd which wasn't too packed. Everyone cleared out by about 12:30 am.  but the food quality has definitely taken a downward turn over the past year. I was recently at the bar and was overcome by a foul smell. For those of you that know what Urnex is Your best bet is to head there after work for the martinis and then head around the corner to Six Penn for food."  we ended our night outside as they have a few tables and chairs. This is always the best because sometimes it's nice to escape the madness of a bar Love this place!!! The drinks are good and the location is perfect! Avoid whenever there are major events downtown though can get pretty wild  love the atmosphere and especially love the martinis!" Jesse from Bob Evans down the road is far superior to the condescending server here. We highly recommend Jesse."  loved their drinks. The waitresses were very accommodating and didn't hesitant when we asked them to split a check multiple ways. The crowd at Olive and Twist P. S. They also had an upstairs not sure what was going on up there. Thinking maybe it was a restaurant cause kids were going up with adults." 3hMP1xJ1egtG913C_fXgDQ  and then even longer to order. The drinks came up to us separately and it took a long time to make each. Despite the wait This is not our first time stopping at Olive or twist and it will not be our last!"  once I can convince my friends to stop by for a drink.  I'd love to check out the happy hour  I went with an Espresso Manhattan Martini.  This was defreakinlishious... I love coffee and I love manhattans so the two went together like peas and carrots.  Our service was mixed.  Some bartenders seemed more helpful and interested in waiting on us than others.  This was also my experience from last time.  This time we didn't order food though we were pretty hungry and went elsewhere to eat.  Our last meal here was not worth duplicating.  We both had an Olive or Twist Burger  so take this with the proverbial grain of salt. This is the my bar of choice when I'm in town and going out with my Yinzer colleagues for after-work libations. They have good happy hour specials Great food and tasty cocktails! And if you're out and about later in the evening it's a great atmosphere that's not your average loud bar. The crab cake sandwich was DELICIOUS!  but I wish the cocktails were made using fresher ingredients."  a fun place to go and delicious drinks!!" Great appetizers in the heart of the Cultural District! I was sad that we barely missed the 4PM-6PM Happy Hour (Monday-Thursday)  a bartender with brown hair and boobs hanging out came over and very rudely asked ""ugh are you all on separate checks?"" We shook off that comment and told her we were waiting until 4 to order since that's when happy hour started and she said ""ok a cocktail waitress can take care of u then"" and walked away. Other than her rudeness  dessert. The dessert xango was omg great! The wings here were pretty tasty but their scallop dish could have used more flavor. We came here on a Wed night and it was hella crowded. I made a reservation and we still had to wait 20 minutes for our spot! The space is tiny  is that I think the serving portions are a little less than what we here in America have grown accustomed to. Most restaurants serve you much more food than you really should consume and that's one of the reasons why we here in America have more of an obesity issue than other nations."  the fried calamari and their version of a caprese salad. Food was really great - calamari came out hot and crispy with a spicy dipping sauce and the caprese salad was very fresh with a drizzle of balsamic and a fregula couscous salad underneath tossed in the the same dressing. Very good! I would like to come back here to check out some more of their menu." I'm not sure I'd want to come here for dinner. But I would absolutely come here for lunch again. Especially since we didn't have room for dessert  once we got it. I tipped the server generously The appetizer part of the menu was good and priced right so I'd come back and just try something else next time."  stop by this fine establishment. You'll have a great time." Great place. The drinks were good. But the band sucks. I didn't order any food so I'm not able to comment on that... however I can tell you that the bartender was friendly and that the place has a nice calming atmosphere.... besides the crappy music I have no complaints. Have loved every martini I've tried! I especially loved the caramel apple in the Fall! Great spot for happy hour with friends! All in all it was an interesting restaurant and definitely a good place for a drink or two if your downtown in the area." Not a fan of the service. Or I should say lack of. It literally killed me to leave a tip. No one deserves it. And I once tipped a server that never even waited on me before she left for the day. I overtip EVERYBODY and today it was all I could do to leave 20%. "I had the Pork Belly sandwich with sweet potato fries  and he was very kind about the misunderstanding. We wound up going with several glasses of the cabernet on special as well as two appetizers and two martinis to wash it all down with. Everything was delicious. The calamari was a little cloyingly sweet for me (I would have strongly preferred more crunch and spice) but the rare ahi tuna app was savory with an interesting texture and very much to my liking! I was able to use a recently purchased Yelp voucher for $20 Beautiful night on the patio enjoying a crab pesto pizza.  Crispy crust and delicious. My companion had the chicken and artichoke pizza which she enjoyed.  Service is very good.  I have the Lemon Ice martini which is very good as well.  A great experience overall.  excellent.  Steak sandwich and salad was very good. 2x IPA Strongbow made my palate complete.  Bartenders attentive too..Well done."  can't go wrong with those on it. The drink menu didn't seem to have prices for the martinis on it but we assumed they would be expensive so didn't get one  I purchased a Groupon. The seating is very limited so reservations on a Friday or Saturday night are a must. The menu is very limited with only about 5 or 6 entrees not including sandwiches and wraps that are offered.  So check out the menu online to make sure you find something you like. It is very noisy due to the small seating area  but you get what you pay for and I'm willing to occasionally shell out the extra dough for a good meal with awesome service." Love their Martinis! The birthday cake martini is my fav. It's a good place to go after work to hang out for a few hours. Like the upstairs vibe more.  you have found the perfect place for a bad combination. Upon entering the door at 3:40 pm the hostess said to us (my daughter and I)"" We can seat you if you promise to leave by 6pm""  we would come during happy hour.  I feel like getting drinks and an appetizer slightly cheaper during happy hour would be the way to enjoy Olive or Twist the most." Probably one of the best martini bars anywhere in the area. I've been here numerous times and have always enjoyed it here. Drinks are amazing and you get a good buzz off of just one martini. Very generous pours here. Can be pricey if you have a few though. If you are a female group be prepared to be ignored by the male bartenders.  Stood patiently to get waited at the bar upstairs a male customer came up and he quickly served he pointed out to the bartender we had been standing there and he just looked at him like so what.  Guess the men at olive or Twist only like men. I may stop back in for a nightcap after tonight's Pirates game!" Literally the best meal I've ever eaten great salads w homemade croutons and dressings that are to die for. Tried 3 different martinis all were good but the cookie dough martini is flawless hands down best martini ibe ever had and we love martinis!! The lobster Mac and cheese was perfect along w our service! I'd give it ten stars if I could "I had mixed feelings coming here on a Monday night for dinner after hearing about a really bad experience a friend of mine had not too long ago. We had a groupon that my girlfriend had purchased and we had to use it because it was expiring that week. The place was a bit crowded nothing outrageous that would make us want to go somewhere else My husband and I waited until after 10pm to come here because it was busy for a private event! I had my eyes set on the short ribs which is basically roast!!!!!! Yes roast! Enough said not impressed not happy and being we came up from Syracuse we obviously will never return! $70 bill and it wasn't good at all!!!!! Really like the fact that they can make a mean martini and the romantic decor. If I am ever in the neighborhood I will more than likely hit this place up again!" A really fun and different place to go either for food or just drinks or both!" Great martins! Placed is decorated nicely and is appealing.....but quite noisy. Food was delicious! We are so happy we decided on Olive or Twist for our wedding and would do it again in a heartbeat."  and we were a bit underwhelmed.  I luckily decided to give it another chance.  My mom and I dined here before seeing a show.  We arrived at 6:20 on a Friday and luckily made it in time for happy hour  and this place has it. The food and drinks have been great every time we've stopped by. It can be tough finding a seat during the busy times ie: before and after games and shows  but good service and good drinks. May stop back again." The service was exceptional -- our waitress did a wonderful job and we particularly enjoyed the quiet atmosphere. We did go on a Monday night when I'm sure it was much slower than usual "Love this place! Used to come here a lot when I was in college for apps and drinks before Benedum & Heinz Hall shows. Rather small dining area- you have to make a reservation or get here a little early on those show nights. The sticky wings & buffalo chicken dip w  chips are the best! Also loved the chicken Caesar salad ... Never got it myself but this place is also known for the Martini Sampler during Happy Hours... You'll see many a patron grabbing this fun drink adventure! Check this place out next time you want a modern Luckily an establishment in the area heard our issue and was SYMPATHETIC and worked with us to resolve our issue.  I will never set foot in that place again or spend a single cent there ever."  turkey and other goodies with a side of fresh fruit and my mom had the chicken sandwich with snap peas. We both loved our sandwiches. Mine was spicy but not overwhelming and just packed with fresh and delicious flavors. The fruit was fresh too and super tasty. My mom loved her sandwich and her snap peas were cooked and seasoned perfectly. To top it all off our server was incredibly attentive to our table and very friendly. I look forward to returning!" Olive or Twist is good for a cocktail  Salmon sadly overlooked to the point that I am about to send everything back. The quality of the wine and the sympathetic waitress were the only aspects keeping me from fleeing me seat. In short OxIeMVcop5oxBUWANi-1Rw I stopped in for an happy hour drink. This place was jammed pack no seating at the downstairs bar so I proceeded to the upstairs bar lounge area. The upstairs has a bar and some couch seating areas that apparently u can reserve.... I ordered the chocolate covered pretzel martini which was very good. It took awhile for it to arrive but it was good. We ordered nachos as an appetizer and was very disappointed. They failed to put the salsa on them. Which I wasn't going to send them back because it took way to long for us to receive them. If you had a long day at work and want to sit at the bar and have a drink I would advise to get there super early or you'll be waiting for a seat and drinks.  appropriately mature atmosphere and an attentive staff. Same order but different outcome I am please to say. The bed of greens was fresh and properly dressed and the salmon was done well and seasoned better than my prior visit. Perhaps it was an Ash Wednesday rush on salmon the last visit or a different cook  and nothing of consequence to dislike. We will be back  very pleasant experience right before going to the cabaret. Would love to go back sometime to try more of their drinks and food!" "I loved the upstairs lounge. It got a bit noisy but otherwise this is my kind of place. Open space Perfect for a happy hour or food before a show.  We even met our friends upstairs the night before our wedding.  There is plenty of space upstairs to mingle." Delicious Martini's! Trendy Ambiance OxIeMVcop5oxBUWANi-1Rw "The food is amazing! Everything we ordered was delightful. Definitely a twist on even the most simple things. Cooked to perfect This place had a really cool feeling to it! We went on a Saturday night and made reservations about 2 wks in advance. The food was all around pretty good but it was definitely tight. You will probably get a elbow or a butt hit you at least once :)  I would totally recommend this to friends looking for a good meal or for a decent happy hour spot!!!" This place has become a usual spot for date night and before events and games. Mainly come for the drinks. The Moscow mules ( my go-to drink) is  made perfectly here with different seasonal options. Apple cider mule is definitely worth going back for in the fall. Bartenders know their stuff and tweak drinks for your preferences. The special martinis never disappoint. I always seem to stick to the pear and rosemary. The food is pretty good. Even better because they often have groupons or deals running. The draft selections were typical with a few rare finds. The best part was the purse hooks under the bar for the ladies. I would give another star but I did not try the food." Tried to order  one of the 5 dinner specials...the lobster mac and cheese and they were out (at only 7 pm... prime time dinner hr).... so I ordered the peppered salmon with mango salsa.... they brought me my meal but with no mango salsa.... just the salmon...all by itself.  I asked the waitress... didn't this come with the mango salsa topping?  She said oh yea it does... but we ran out that's why they didn't put it on..... needless to say.. it would be tough to eat peppered salmon with no salsa or sauce at all to offset the pepper.    I wasn't sure what to do at this point...so she said do you want some other sauce or something?  We asked her to check with the chef as to what he she suggests.  5 min later she comes out and says they r going to make a new batch of mango salsa....I think to myself... I thought you were out and now they are making it?  Why didn't they do that in the first place.  They left my plate in front of me and 10 mins later they come out with a small bowl of salsa... by this time the rest of my table were done with their food...the meal was good with the salsa... but by now I was eating with everyone else done and my food was luke warm.  For a $20 meal at a  high end restaurant. ..This was quite a disappointment.  there are two rooms in the back of the restaurant that can be joined or separated depending on the size of your party."  I had lunch here at least three times a month.  The food and service has always been steady.  I always left feeling as though I received good value."  I had lunch here at least three times a month.  The food and service has always been steady.  I always left feeling as though I received good value" The service is superb. They're very attentive. I've become such a regular customer that they know  me by name. That makes me feel extra special. I've never experienced that at any other restaurant that I ever frequent on a regular basis."  and service. I think this is the best Chinese restaurant in the Charlotte area. The best egg drop soup I've ever had." Make sure (if ordering take out) to ask for some of the ""homemade mustard sauce"" to put on your spring roll or egg roll  but only if you aren't familiar with real  my granddaughters love to watch the brightly colored fish in the large salt water tanks. Very friendly service. Groups can reserve the large rooms in the back  but nothing to write home about. I will try a spicy dish next time." "I've been going to this place for the past 15 years and it's definitely gone downhill recently. I used to rave about the food and service to all my friends We have not been able to find good Chinese in North Florida. We would be so happy if we could get Chinese food the caliber of Great Wall!" Step out of your comfort zone.  That's how you'll get to experience the authentic.  Junk like sweet and sour chicken is not authentic.  Have fun!"  the experience is always good. One thing you must do is spend some time looking at their salt water fish tanks. These tanks are incredible and worth visiting the restaurant just to enjoy them."  nor when I told them I did not care for it and no offer to comp it!  It would NOT have helped me rate the dine any higher though.  I would eat here again if Charlotte did not offer any better Restaurant choices!"  i didn't diss the restaurant due to that experience. Went back a few weeks later. Christmas Day actually. Twas earlier in the day so it wasn't super busy yet. The table beside us was already noticeably frustrated with service and wait for their food when we arrived(they eventually ended up almost walking out). Good sign right  don't come here expecting to find them. Panda's Den in north Charlotte puts this place to shame." My family has enjoyed eating here since 1986 when we moved to Charlotte. The kids now request to eat there when they come home to visit. We love it...great cold noodles and dumplings!  It gets a 5 Yelp rating from me! BE CAREFUL about drinking and driving.  CMPD and even Pineville patrol the area on a regular basis.  Better to get a cab than put yourself in that situation." I went to Great Wall for lunch since I was spending some time at Carmel Commons on patrol for my company. I hadn't eaten there in a very long time. I believe the last time I was there was at a Wednesday night supper with the Queen City Corvette Club. As I remembered it then the food was good but the service was iffy. Well fast forward to September 2012. The food is still good. I had a daily special called Twice Spiced Scallops that was rather good. Their sweet tea tasted better than say sweet tea from Cracker Barrel. I was seated next to the large aquarium. The only thing that wrecked the ambiance was the small child screaming at the top of her lungs about lobsters and the clueless parent who thought that the youngsters screaming was akin to angels singing. I would have ejected both of them. I ordered the beef and broccoli and that was pretty good. Would I come here again? Not quite sure because I don't live in the quail hollow area. Just know that I wouldn't come out of my way to get here." Everything was good enough to make me want to return and try something else!"  not only is the food good but the place is clean. The portions are LARGE GW is a nice place for a date or even a romantic occasion.  You will get plenty to eat "I have been going to Great Wall since 1983. It has always been great and it's the restaurant by which I judge all other Chinese restaurants. It is consistent Egg roll - Above average" Also they serve these fried wonton strips with 2 sauces as soon as you sit down Another great family dinner with the in-laws."  perhaps for some staff). One of the best local Chinese restaurants and I recommend you give it a try."  but we like to tip what we want.  Unfortunately our server got less than what we would haven given." There's a Chinese menu in addition to the regular menu  quick and attentive service. Shrimp in chili sauce is one of our favorite but the spiciness varies each time. Flower chicken is good if you like more on the bland side. Pork fried rice is consistently good just wish they could add spouts. Overall this is a fine restaurant" While leaving the owner was standing and never even said thanks for coming. We will not go to this restaurent again nor will recommend to our friends." The aquarium was nice and we enjoyed it for a few minutes on the way out. I had eaten here before and it was much better in the past. So they Great Wall is not so great. Maybe just have some soup for lunch. Sad to say I won't take friends here again."  I always get the same dishes. I will say that their weekend buffet is nowhere as good as their regular entrees  the flavors and how its prepared is definitely better than some in the area; this place is worth another visit."  i would recommend the crispy shrimp and crispy scallops. For the price you get good quality Chinese food and not to mention If you are looking for a Chinese food ""fix"" this is the place. I am tired of the little dingy take-out joints that are  in every strip mall. This place is an escape to a more sophisticated era of Chinese restaurants in Charlotte. I also tried the lunch buffet and it was excellent. Enjoy." I also had the hot & sour soup - very good. Some places have a weird version of it - but not here.  Worth a try.  Yum." Overall everything was good & servers seem to be all around to assist with anything. I am just not a buffet person  until after a white woman entered. She was waited on before us and no apology was given. Never have experienced anything like this before! Will not be going back to give them any of my money!" "I've been going to The Great wall of China South for quite a while. The owner Alex and the staff always accommodate to your liking. I am a pescatarian so I don't know how their meats are however I can tell you about a few of their dishes. My all time favorite dish is one of their specialties the ""Crispy Scallops"". The portion size is very generous & the scallops are sweet. This does not come with any vegetables. I recommend ordering the mixed vegetables with brown sauce. I always tell them to make the sauce spicy :) For appetizers the ""Steamed Veggie Dumplings"" are amazing with a sweet soy sauce. The ""Crab Rangoon"" is okay. The ""Spring Rolls"" are greasy but good. Make sure to have extra napkins. Also I've tried the ""Sa Cha Scallops"" during lunch and definitely a yummy dish! Although I like it very spicy. The restaurant is always clean and they have stayed consistent on everything for many years. Love this place!! Always keeps me coming back" Excellent buffet! Food is very fresh and hot. They are very busy and attentive to the customers needs. They are constantly replenishing the buffet because the food is so good and it gets eaten fast! Enjoy!  all by themselves.  A great choice for a night out or with the family."  the food was terrible.  The crispy shrimp was soggy and the egg rolls had a horrible taste and smell.  I was told by the lady at the front desk they were homemade but that was incorrect.  I have had fresh "The BEST Chinese in charlotte. My boyfriend and I are regulars there. The food is amazing and the fish tanks are beautiful. If you are a vegetarian like myself they have plenty of option. I get the mixed veggies in brown sauce "Absolutely horrible experience. We were seated and drink order was taken by that person. Few mins later drinks were dropped off by a different person who said waitress would be over to take our order. Then 10 mins later someone came over and asked us if we wanted appetizers which we did and ordered Crab Rangoons and Spare Ribs. This person said someone would be back to take our order. Never happened. The apps came out and the guy said again someone would come take our order. So we ate our apps and still no one. No one even acknowledged us  around 9:45pm we stayed at the table to chat.. Being cautious that the restaurant hours printed on the door said they close at 11pm.. A waitress came to us at 10pm and said that they were closing and they needed us to pay now... O_o  So we got up to pay and leave and the cashier man ( looked like the manager ) was so cold.. He never asked how the food was or anything "Great Wall of China is a nice place. The food and service is consistently good. There is outdoor seating and there are large aquariums inside with some cool fish. It's not expensive  I will never have them again. The General Chicken is ok. I found this place to be average and expensive. The best time to go is on Sunday This is by far the best american style Chinese food you will find in Charlotte. You will pay a bit more but its well worth it because of the taste. They also have non American Chinese food but its off the menu and you just need to ask. I get this great noodle soup with veggies and chicken and its great. Taste like right from hong Kong  and service were all good so no complaints there. The food however was not. I ordered the general chicken with brown rice and an egg roll. The chicken was all slimy dark meat and the flavor was nothing like general sauce but rather 100% strong garlic. I wasn't able to even eat hardly any of it because of the brown slimy meat. My husband ordered the garlic beef and he did not like the sauce at all. It had zero garlic taste Our rehersal dinner served good food and service.  The mongolian beef was served with a rice bun (like bow) which was tasty.  The beef was a bit tough but flavor was good.  The steamed whole fish with scallions and soy sauce was very good. I plan to return to check out their lunch specials. Since 1985 Great wall has focused on quality and great food. I live about 30 min away now and still come here to eat. Passing at least 10 other Chinese restaurants.  their ""special"" shrimp dish and pork fried rice.  The soup was served and that was the last we saw of our waiter for 45 minutes.  People who arrived well after us were served and left.  When finally the entree arrived it was relatively without taste.  Once we'd finished I have ordered carry out food from here a number of times and am always impressed. I typically get a shrimp or chicken dish Not the best in Charlotte but certainly a nice change if your looking for somewhere different to eat." Best Chinese takeout in Pineville south Charlotte area.  They've been here forever (I've been coming here since I was a kid). Busy for dinner on weekends so I always get takeout. Very friendly. I called about 930 and the nice man ordered my food as the last order. I was starving Marvin and they were the only place to stay open and take my order. Such great people. And even better food. Must eat  and my kids love going on Sundays for the buffet.  Thank you for being a perfect family favorite!"  the gentleman passed by me literally 8 times and did not refill my water for a good 15 minutes. I basically had to flag him down and tell him to please refill it. We ordered the sesame cold noodles. Which I love the peanut sauce but way too much soy in there so it came off extremely salty. Also we order the favorite shrimp (which is that sweet mayo shrimp) and sesame chicken. Okay the favorite shrimp was disgusting. The sauce tasted old and I couldn't even stomach to eat it. The side of broccoli was just drizzle with soysauce and salty!  the sesame chicken was average however I did enjoy how they didn't soak it in sauce. I asked for extra vegetables and we were charged more for it but got literally just a spoon full of vegetables. Jade Asian Fusion and Dim Sum tastes so much better"  we usually buy one our two."  special recommendation goes to wontom in hot oil. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable. This place is native Chinese foodie approved!"  what a shame. The orange sauce was nice but there was very little rind present. The meat was very chewy. Overall I really don't think that we'll be coming back again. Three stars for the wonderful aquariums and our waitress I have been here several times and it's always been good. I've come here before for the sunday buffet and they actually have a lot of options. Egg rolls are so good and fat. Chicken wings are huge and crispy!! My favorite is the house special lo mein noodles. It has that smoky flavor and the put a lot of meat in it! Boyfriend loves their chicken and broccoli. I've also ordered from their Chinese menu. I tried the fish in the spicy oil sauce. It was good and light. staff is always friendly and I love when they seat us near the huge aquarium. Haven't been there in about 5 years and man has it changed. Egg drop soup which used to be the best in Charlotte was nothing but dish water and noodles. The egg rolls were were microwaved soggy somethings and the Mu Shu was the worst I have ever had. The Fantasy Shrimp was very good. The only meal saver. We won't go back. There are much better Chinese places around... The only downer is our waiter never bothered to come refill over beverages. She kind of took our order  when we go out to dine we want to get good service.  And that's not what we got.  Next time I'll order and pick up my food if I ever decide to get something from there again. Which I most likely will because I did like the food.  Again Very average Chinese... It's your typical asian flare with nothing special or bad. Alex is the owner who is there every day so he ensures good good and service. If you have a cold ... This is the place to get egg drop soup ! Best in Charlotte!!! Never disappoints ! Some things you just can't mess with and their egg drop soup is one of the best ever! Really really good Chinese ! I hope if we decide to dine in that the service is good..."  as every single employee we encountered was cold and acted like they didn't want to be there. Very unfriendly. My husband and I both worked in the restaurant business during college and know about good customer service. For the food: My husband had some sort of beef dish with peppers and onions and I had the chicken and broccoli. Both dishes were very hot which was the only redeeming quality They're also on restaurant.com so you can get a great deal as well!!"  sometimes are not. It's odd that their chef couldn't keep a stable level:("  but if you're looking for a new good Chinese place I say keep walkin' don't bother." I was greatly surprised at how friendly the service was and how good the food tasted. I have eaten at many many Chinese places for lunch and this is tied for top spot. They give you Chinese chip things before your meal with sweet sauce and hot sauce. They also have large fish tanks with exotic tropics fish. Overall great experience. I've recently visited this place again because i did like the food. And the food was still ferocious. They don't skim on the sauce or meat. The sauce is very flavorful. I did takeout. So not sure about the service. But the sanitation grade has improved to 96. I'll return again. It's worth it. I'm glad I gave them a second chance. The food is fresh and tasteful.. Temperature perfect.. Service not consistent." Great Wall has become our go-to for takeout. We have tried quite a few dishes on multiple occasions and not yet been disappointed. But still we get the crab Rangoon every time. Still haven't made it inside for a sit down dinner though. Go somewhere that they demonstrate respect for their guests - this is not the place." "Blah. Poor service and okay food.  Nothing special to write about. If they didn't have half price Groupons  a waitress came over and I ordered. She then rudely said I had to order at least $10 of food if I wanted to stay and eat in the restaurant. There were only maybe 3 tables with anyone at all in the place so it's not like they were busy and they have never said this to me before on the couple of other ocassions where I just came for their soup. I will never go here again." What they need to understand is that they get tipped for the service not in spite of it." We have been here a few times. The buffet lunch is excellent compared to any other chinese resteraunts. Good choices without too much of the oily taste.  not mentioned by the server.  Again not a real problem just one part of the entire experience.   Next time it will be take out!"  fried.  They were very flavorful and perfectly cooked.  The dumplings come with plenty to share.  Prices are good.  Service is very attentive. I will definitely come back!"  so I gave them 4 stars. Excellent service  so we went.  It was aweful.  How can you mess up wonton soup and vegetable spring rolls.  The sesame chicken was terrible.  The shrimp with garlic sauce just ok.  And the waiter was MIA after we got our food...we wanted to get some extra white rice at least and then our check at the end took forever I had a Groupon so I check this place out. It was just 'ok'. I don't think I would go back even with savings from a Groupon. The rice was burnt and the beef and broccoli was very salty.  I think it needs a good overall cleaning." "Came for Chinese New Year dinner(aka) spent more than 300 dollars and got awesome food! (special new year dinner with 9 dishes including lobster  that was fast. Usually and egg roll takes a minute or two to cook. When I got back to the office I found out why. First no spoon or soy Sauce. then the egg roll was soggy. They did not even cook it fresh. Yuck. It was so bad. The egg drop soup had no flavor either. I woudl pass this place by in a heart beat. Had they been busy I woudl say  and there was more shrimp than broccoli! That's a first! It wasn't a HUGE lunch portion but it was filling and I took half of it home. Quiet atmosphere It's my second time here. This experience is much better than last time. The sweet and sour shrimp is a must try! Just can't stop eating them "We have eaten here for years. The food and service are both excellent.  They've ruined Chinese for me "Love this place! Friendly staff and they put your food in your box for you Great service and the food is awesome! One of the best Chinese restaurants I've been to in Charlotte! The Cantonese lobster is a must try! I use to love this restaurant until my last visit when reaches was at my table. The manager said I can take 20% off of your bill!! Thanks but no thanks! I have not been back. I have been coming here for many years. All good things must come to an end. The food and service is not the same.Other  then the beautiful salt water fish tank there is nothing to say nice about the place.  he loves the food here!! i will continue to come as long as they are here!friendlyy staff and the manager is awesome!!"  which has a pretty large and long standing italian populaiton.  The food is a good as any of the old italian places in KC.  Everyone in my group was amazed at the quality of the food for the price.  I will keep this one on my list of places to come back to when I am in AZ again." The best food and the best service. Try the butter nut squash ravioli.  Fantastic"  they have some delicious wines to say it with!" "Thanks to yelp and restaurant.com I decided to go for it on a Friday night. They had a guy on a keyboard in the corner adding to the ambiance he was actually decent. I couldn't give them the last star b/c they were out of a few items we attempted to order (the menu selection is pretty small) the alternates were still tasty though. But it seems like the type of place that has mastered everything on the menu so I don't think you can go wrong. The owner was very friendly -like kiss on the hand friendly :/ awkward. Anyway they are a little pricier than olive garden but well worth it "" but everyone was really friendly to our family. The owner even stopped by once or twice to pinch our son's cheeks.  We live near by and are considering becoming regulars here."  thanks my fellow yelpers.  I was staying down the street at the Tapatio Cliff resort.  I walked into the restaurant on property and wanted something different.  I yanked out my iphone and searched literally down the block this gem was.  I sat at the bar and enjoyed a delightful meal of eggplant parmagiana.  It was filling and the bartender was entertaining.  Next time I am in moon valley I will make a trip over to enjoy this place again." "This place was excellent. The butternut squash ravioli was to die for! The lasagna that my husband had was average  gratuity was automatically added on.  The food was terrible.  How did it get all these great reviews?  It was like one of our exes was the chef that night and wanted us to have the worst meal ever.  I don't know how else to explain the the huge difference between what we experienced and what has been written on Yelp." This place is the best little neighborhood secret ever and I only hope everyone reads and believes Maribeth's review so I can still get a table on Friday nights without making a reservation." I think we dropped about $60. It was definitely not worth it." This is such a nice little neighborhood place.  I don't know why I didn't know that.  Our manager came and sat with us (I LOVE when that happens) and we were excited to use the appreciation coupon for a wonderful dinner for two.  Our food was excellent right down to the tiramisu that we split for dessert.  And who knew they had a live jazz piano player in the back.  I also checked out the happy hour menu and am hoping to take advantage of that many times.  We will definitely be back. 9:15 Pm...not a lot of places open in Moon Valley.  But they were SO accomodating.  Made us feel very welcome and helped my friend who is on a very limited diet right now.  Love the place.  I was craving Chicken parm...and it was yummy...it would have impressed Gordon Ramsey.  Our bottle of chianti was smooth.  The tiramusis - to die for." We may or may not be back. Food was good but there are many other delicious Italian options to commit to it."  and friendly service.  We will definitely continue to go back."  but forced in such an awkward strip mall location. I didn't like our salesman-like server's approach but I'm sure the restaurant owner appreciates his upselling techniques. He did a very good job when he wasn't trying to upgrade every item that was ordered and the support staff was on point keeping bread and water full. I would definitely go back."  nicely lit made you forget about the strip mall locale." Saturday night at Salutes is a real treat.  The live jazz duo sings quietly and adds to the ambience of this local gem.  The staff is always friendly and makes some reference to your last trip which makes you feel special.  And speaking of special...their chicken florentine special was mouth-watering.  I'm sure the bottle of Chianti helped...but just LOVED the experience. jq_YnMQjcArdBWuwRospFg The entertainment is quite nice as well with John Summers and Joan singing standards and some motown. If you're staying at Hilton Tapatio  cozy.  They had a couple of musicians who were very good.  The last time I was there I remembered the music to be a distraction.  This couple was very good.  Service is excellent.  We started off with the Mussels Marinara.  Maybe the best mussels I have had.  The marinara was to die for!  Next we had Calamari Fritti.  They were cooked to perfection. The marinara was not as flavorful as with the mussels though.  Still  but offered) was the best she's ever tasted. The butternut squash ravioli was very rich (almost too rich) but quite tasty. The guys both got the crab and shrimp stuffed ravioli with walnut cream sauce (not on the regular menu)- both loved it!  It's a really great place for a special date or a quaint dinner with friends." "I've been waiting to change from four stars to five and tonights dining experience did it.  The staff always makes us feel like one of their family and tonight was no different.  My eggplant parmesan was mouth-watering accompanied with their house Chianti.  Friday night live jazz always a pleasure.  Thanks  that was a first for me.  I have never been served spoiled lettuce at a restaurant.     Hubby had salmon and said the flavor was good.   I had stuffed pork loin special which was good Went there w my fiance and my father who are very much food snobs ......all our meals were wonderful I had the salmon and asked for no butter etc and they were very acomadating .......apps were the anti pasta and calamari and both were great !" We would not dine there again.  The food was bland and flavorless.  The atmosphere and pasta weren't bad.  My husband also said the espresso wasn't bad.  I think they cater to the over 65 crowd. Oh we will return for sure!" Delicious meal. Veal piccata after calamari appetizer. Very good service. A real treat! Went there last night and it was excellent as always.  We enjoyed the stuffed pork tenderloin special and the friendly service.  Great local place.  the sauce is not heavy at all as you would expect with a 4 cheese sauce. The combination of the butternut squash ravioli and the airy lite cheese sauce is complete heaven! Im not even a fan of any kind of squash but this is my new favorite dish and I would order this dish without a second thought. Its absolutely delicious and you will enjoy it again and again.  Salute!"  accommating staff.  And for those of you who read something in the MV minutes...they are NOT being sold.  Thank goodness."  Jennifer took it upon herself to add the gratuity of 20% of the entire bill with the tax.  She was not worth 20%.  We just paid and left will never go back.  The lasagna tasted like ""Greek"" lasagna and had nutmeg in the sauce.  My chicken was dry.  Disappointed."  great service and food that made Salute rise above the hundreds of other little Italian places in the Valley seem to be gone.  The entertainment created an ambience that just made you want to dine here regardless of everything else.  But on our last visit when we were told they were out of the first two things we ordered "On vacation staying at the Hilton resort down the street. Found this restaurant on Yelp and decided to try it out based on other reviews. The service is impeccable and the food is fantastic. I had the lasagna and my friend had zucca ravioli. I wanted to lick the plate sooooo bad. Decor is elegant Overall very good dining experience. Above average food  they do not realize that we paid for the coupon and this is a way to have your restaurant be known My family was completely grossed out with their meals. When we went to tell the lady that our meals were terrible she was being sarcastic and very rude  artfully presented amd and with great quality. I have been here many times over the years and appreciate the warm staff and excellent service!"  she was gave me that disappointed look and told us that she will charge us a 20% gratuity.  I don't think the waitress deserve that much.  It took us forever to flag her down to order food and the food took forever.  What was really disappointing  or other usual italian wines.  Just the popular basics.  Right next to Goodwill We had the mahi mahi special and butternut squash ravioli.  Both delicious.  Service was very good and liked the atmosphere. Go to Babbo and spend a 3/4 of what we did.  What I'd do to have my 80 plus dollars back!  Summed up... just buy a tv dinner and save the cash!"  & Linguini w/ white clam sauce) & we ordered the mushrooms for an appetizer. They didn't bring appetizer plates so we used our bread plates. Then they sat dirty thru the entire meal. The food is good not fantastic 5-star but tasted good and the presentation was nice except the soup was served in a small cup with no under plate or saucer. 2 of us opted for the salad which was simple and came already with the house dressing. The service was only so-so. We were checked on regularly and the busboy filled our water regularly but we had to ask for a refill of bread and coffee. We had dessert of creme brle and had to ask for 3 spoons. Then he brought a tiramisu by mistake and had to take it back and bring the creme brle. Fortunately  and a nice quiet atmosphere.  2 people in my party had the t-bone special and I had the Italian chicken in a lemon caper sauce.  I was pleasantly surprised My family really enjoyed the food and service and will be back again! "This has become one of our ""go to"" restaurants... Our favs to order are the mussels in red sauce... the mussels are HUGE always and the marinara type sauce they have them in is better than we literally have found ANYWHER  and sauce are melt in your mouth delicious. I always leave completely satisfied and always look forward to coming back." We have found out special Italian place. The atmosphere was nice; don't let its placement in a strip mall fool you. Salute is an enjoyable Italian meal getaway. We will be back (and have been back) again!" I would definitely recommend for the food and service quality "This place was so great! My friend and I wanted to treat ourselves to a nice dinner and this ended up being the perfect place! We got a discount for checking in  great little place and great service. Don't be fooled by the outside appearance Visited Salute last night for a birthday party and had a wonderful time. The food was delicious. I had the shrimp risotto. One of the best risottos I've ever had. The service was wonderful as well. Will definitely be back to enjoy this great restaurant! Wonderful dinner with family this evening - I think we tried just about everything on the menu - the anti-pasta for two was plenty for the seven in our group to share as an appetizer - we also had stuffed mushroom caps - delicious!!!  The entres come with either soup or salad - again delicious!! Very quaint neighborhood restaurant - friendly welcoming atmosphere - Thank you Food was excellent and the company of Thomas is always a pleasure. I always try new things when I am there. A lot of times I have the Daily Special.  our bus boy comes again to refill waters. The very busy staff seemed to have forgotten us. We waited a total of 25 minutes and no one came to wait on us. We walked out. The lady who checked us in for the reservation chased us into the parking lot and after explaining what happened she tried to get us to come back in but we politely declined. We ordered some dominos pizza and wings and had a very nice Valentines Day dinner on the couch." Amazing traditional Italian food. Rigatoni with peppers and sausage was top shelf. They were short staffed by the bartender chipped in to keep it moving smoothly. True service focused business.  the staff was very welcoming and quickly set up a table and seated us.  Several other groups came in at the same time My mother and i came here for dinner. Warm atmosphere the sauces are homemade and delicious. I had the filet mignon and was perfectly tender and amazing flavor. Veal caprese and motzerlla was fresh and delectable.  Coming here again and again. Love it "My wife and I were here for a friend's 40th birthday party. This place has amazing food jq_YnMQjcArdBWuwRospFg My husband and I order out from Salute an excellent Italian restaurant every week. Today Salute opened for Mother's Day and we had a wonderful brunch. The wide selection on menu was amazing for brunch that made it difficult to decide what to order.  You can't go wrong here. Prices for brunch were extremely reasonable less than $15. Complimentary champagne and carnations for Mom.  Owners are Delightful. Happy hour M-F $5 ea for wine and appetizers. Give it a try because you won't be disappointed.  but this gave me an immense feeling of joy and appreciation. The restaurant business can be a wonderful thing when it remembers that its about relationships and community. I only ate at this place once with my mom Great traditional Italian food.  Had the shrimp appetizer in citrus sauce.    It was tangy and fresh.   Tried the homemade lasagna.  The red sauce on it was fantastic.   The garlic bread they serve with dinner was crisp and light.  The only thing they could improve on is a larger pour for a single glass of wine.    Also liked the sweet cannoli. I will be back for sure! Really enjoyed our night here. The carpaccio was a fantastic appetizer. I had the risotto and my husband had the lamb osso bucco which were both very flavorful. Had the creme brule for dessert which was great as well. The staff was very attentive and provided great service. Love finding little gems like this place.  very light & the garlic aioli perfected it.  Also a green salad with vinegar oil & then the main dish as mentioned above.  Our dessert is Tiramasu & coffee. Such a deal. Definitely recommend this place!" beautiful place for a date night.  my husband had lamb osso bucco and I had butternut ravioli.  both were delicious.  service was exceptional. My wife had a butternut squash stuffed shells dish and it was very good. This is a good dish for vegetarians." "Salute is amazing! We were greeted at the door by a wonderfully kind host and were immediately seated. From the atmosphere to the food  awesome food & service. The Pollo Salute melts in your mouth. Props to the chef.  will be back definitely."  great people and a lot of fun." Excellent meal with great service. Tom was our waitor and gave us personallized service. Not a long wait and the atmosphere was nice. Great service! From the time we walked in we where treated very well. The food is amazing! Definitely will return! Tom was our server and his was great!  but it is very standard Americanized Italian fare with lots of veal dishes on the menu.  Our bill came to exactly $100 for the two of us and included a bottle of the house chianti This place is cozy and so New Yorkie!  Great service. Authentic Italian flair. Calamari is very light and selfish. Caprese salad is so good with in house home made mozzarella. Chicken Parmesan is so good!  We will be back for sure!  and we each sampled a portion of the three dishes: (1) chilean sea bass with garlic and lemon butter sauce with garlic mash and sauted asparagus; (2) the evening's special shrimp fra diavolo deep red tomato sauce and linguine; and (3) chicken marsala with garlic mash and broccoli. All were excellent. The fra diavolo was perfectly spicy  mismatching decor with strange musical selections and a weird layout was a bit off putting but that being said  from moment we got there till we left!! Definitely will be going back." 