 cool and upscale their establishments are I can't get around the yicky tasting bitterness of Staryucks regular coffees. Talk about over roasting a bean...Maybe something has changed with their regular coffee but I have not drank it in about a year. I am not one for soy caramel latte foofy stuff. Still I'll give the establishment tres estrellas for the fact that their espresso is acceptable and doesn't taste half as bad as the regular coffee bean."  same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long." In my quest to visit every Starbucks in the USA I have stopped at yet another location.  This one is located in the center of a circle road -- very cache and in a newer part of the area."  good coffee and fast friendly service." "If there was ever a ""get your coffee and go"" Starbucks This is a typical Starbucks. The coffee is good but the store is suprisingly dirty.  but the fact that there are no comfy chairs or couches is very unwelcoming.  I do think however that the building is beautifully ans strategically located in the center of the shopping.  I just wish they had better seating."  or tea for me.. Is still same old same old. I don't imagine one single Starbucks will break the mold and make original drinks..."  which is located in the center of The Waterfront's specialty retail shops. Though in the midst of a lot of retail My drink or choice when I come here generally in the mod afternoon is a venti (or trenta...) berry hibiscus refresher. Yum! It is the perfect afternoon pick-me-up that leaves me feeling refreshed and hydrated." Baristas are friendly and fast."  nice working or socializing environment.  Very friendly and inviting.  It's what I've come to expect from Starbucks  but maybe that was due to the high traffic of the place and the time I was there. And the coffee that I had was cold- I'm sure it was probably the bottom of the batch. I'd probably only walk in here again if someone else suggested it before or after a movie or while we were shopping in the area." "This Starbucks is 5-Star Friendly. The shift supervisor Lucious keeps the energy in there moving and light. He recently helped me with a merchandise return and embodied everything a good manager and all around mensch person should - patience Outdoor seating in the summer is nice." This particular Starbucks was especially pushy with offering extra espresso shots when placing my order. This has never happened before and it took me off guard.  The barista came off dishonest and unfriendly with the up sell push.  I will avoid this one at the Waterfront for awhile. Oprah Chai Latte! Great central spot in this out door mall. Staff was pretty efficient and fast. I stopped in here since I've been hunting all over for a gingerbread man cookie. They told me they are getting one in and ugly sweater design but they don't have it yet. I plan to keep checking since it appears that no place I have been to has my holiday favorite so I'll certainly be back to one of their locations."  but in a particularly cramped building without much room to spread out an work if you desire.  It is nice that it had a bit of outdoor seating and wifi.  Over several other coffee alternatives nearby in the Waterfront "This is actually a very good Starbucks. The staff is always nice and they keep the store clean. It's definitely convenient if your down here shopping or going to see a movie. The only thing that stops it from getting 5 stars is the parking. Considering its in the middle  and super friendly staff!" Tazza D'Oro stands as a reminder that coffee can be enjoyed in all its naked glory in an awesome setting on a beautiful street and give you a good f'ing reason to go to Pittsburgh."  making it a great place to grab a coffee if you are out for a morning walk. It offers a clean and casual interior and draws a more eclectic crowd than most cafes- leans a bit towards the business casual crowd. Still ha that neighborhood feel though. I have never had food there though they offer paninis. Great desserts. Good espressos and okay coffee.Outdoor seating. Good place to study. Plenty of laptop outlets and free wireless."  where there are lively discussion groups meeting nearly every day. The percentage of students is low. Like the rest of Pittsburgh - the staff are coffee experts" The owner apparently put the shop there because their neighborhood didn't previously have anything like it.  The shop is also all about bicycling as transportation "I LOVE this place. THE best coffee in the 'Burgh. Good atmosphere "One of my favorite coffee places in Pittsburgh. THey also have pretty good sandwiches and salads if you are looking for some light lunch food. Otherwise Stick with an Italian Cappuccino and bring a good friend for some good conversation." 83_p9vIqOq1TUIf3_GD7bA SUHJrOYnBzlLM8hcIaV38g "Let me just join the crowd in saying Tazza D'Oro is great.  Good staff  its warm and cozy ambiance and the coffee and baked goods are wonderful!  The staff is so inviting too!"  which is an adjustment if you're expecting the larger sizes some other coffee shops produce." The coffee here was excellent! Had a double espresso. Apparently their roaster is in Santa Cruz Ca. Large selection of French Press Coffees. Baked goods did not look too great but that is not why I came here. Atmosphere is very mellow and comfortable. Also has Wifi which works! Nice to find a place like this when traveling. Is in the middle of a residential area and there doesnt seem to be anything else around here.  so you can imagine how delighted I was when this opened next door to where I have class all day.  The first week they were open I think I went there about 4 times.  The Italian Cappuccino will wire you for a few hours  excellent baked goods and the food is delicious."  it DEFINITELY does not deserve that ranking.  I wouldn't want out-of-towners coming to Pittsburgh and thinking that's the best we have." This cafe's espresso drinks are on par with the best artisinal coffee houses anywhere.  I always go out of my way to get coffee from here when I'm in Pittsburgh. "I love tazza.. Their coffees are excellent and its a great place to enjoy a relaxing evening..I also like their Baklawa  so I am going to indulge my renewed enthusiasm for fine teas and work my way through their extensive menu that which is not to be overlooked if you have even the slightest interest in exploring beyond the weak frontiers of Lipton."  without a doubt. Believe the hype. I've been going here for years  and atmosphere. Nice place to hang out & read Not a good place to study work at on a weekend afternoon tho. It's too popular thus noisy." This is a staple neighborhood coffee house right down the hill from the park. Great outdoor seating. Very hip atmosphere. Plenty of plugs for laptops. Comfy chairs for relaxing. Friendly people. Only problem is finding a seat. "One of the best cups of coffee in pgh.  Great atmosphere for working "I would never have found this place if it wasn't for yelp.  It is somewhat hidden among lots of houses and residential buildings.  I ordered a latte and blueberry scone  too. It has a relaxed atmosphere with indoor and outdoor seating (is there anything cosier than curling up in one of the window seats with a book notebook on a rainy day?). I've done it all here-- from writing and filing an article when the newsroom was too loud to meeting a blind date. It's a good place to linger and savor. Its proximity to the park is a big advantage."  held back a bit by decor and a lot by espresso." "Just realized that no one mentioned about their chai latte yet. They make their chai from scratch. The best chai I have ever had outside of my indian co-worker's kitchen. The only thing is  friendly businesses serving a great product DO still exist." 4. Nice crowd and staff." Best coffee I had in Pittsburgh. Their Italian Cappuccino is pretty addictive. "The coffee here is amazing (I love when the baristas take the effort to make patterns in the foam). The baristas were extremely friendly and the pastries looked delicious. While there are a number of tables highly recommended!  i will return..." I highly recommend this shop if you are looking for a place to spend a few hours and enjoy everything from speaking with competent baristas to the last sip of your drink. I will be returning."  and odd light fixtures create a tacky atmosphere I can't overlook or sit in.  I think this is a great coffee shop if you happen to own a house in highland park "I tell everyone about this Highland Park gem my friend introduced me to. People who come here appreciate expertly steamed milk and delicious breakfast lunch options. In this quaint shop gone are the days of the mass-produced lattes and microwaved sandwiches. Every time I visit Pittsburgh  Espresso a Mano on my website. http:  eatinginpittsburgh.com 2011 02 11 coffee-pittsburgh-part-2 " Some of the staff remembers your order to a tee and all of them are always very courteous. The prices are reasonable and the location is great  and not too expensive."  but some of the men who work there are rude "This is where I learned what good espresso tastes like. If you make it to Highland Park 83_p9vIqOq1TUIf3_GD7bA  maybe there will be different employee's. But I have a feeling their lack of enthusiasm for serving the general public will deter me elsewhere. Sad times Tazza There is not as much in this neighborhood as I thought there was going to be  I find myself either walking further or driving elsewhere for the caffeinated lunch experience. I guess they are trying to keep focus on the brews  but I cannot speak for that. The interior is somewhat run down at places It's become our after-dinner spot after a meal at Park Bruges or Smiling Banana Leaf I guess I was just a little disappointed because I expected so much more than what I got."  no extras; just nice people in a quaint coffee shop Hands down the best cappuccino you'll get in Pittsburgh. I have yet to be disappointed. Consistency in quality in a coffee joint is what I'm looking for! (Oh and alright those delectable treats they always have don't hurt either... Apple dumpling?!?!) FREE internet is always a big plus with lots of outlets.  Now if someone could just find me an affordable house in Highland Park this could just be my next favorite neighborhood coffee shop!"  so it's no longer where I would go to sample new varieties of tea. Sandwich menu is even more severely limited and it seems that pretty much all the food is provided by U.S. Foods Both my husband and I had mochas- delicious!" "Wonderful! Lovely! Quaint! One of the most refreshing cafe's in pittsburgh! My visit was a 'surprise' from my boyfriend who knows how much I appreciate fine espresso. I was instantly enamored with the set-up inside and the pleasant nature of the individuals who greeted us behind the counter. The baked goods were absolutely fabulous and we literally would have bought one of everything if we hadn't come to our senses. I ordered a grande cafe mocha and it came with a wonderful rim of whipped cream (I believe the whipped cream was homemade as well.... simply to die for) and a subtle addition of foam art which just shows how considerate the baristas are of their craft. My boyfriend ordered the italian cappuccino and said it tasted just like the drinks he would get in Italy over his 2 week visit with family this past summer. Now if that isn't representative of a solid job in bringing a European Cafe to the States their mochas are amazing P.s. I thought it was interesting that you can also purchase bike tire tubes here."  location great. All around a good place in Pittsburgh." 6d_pkl9xS8njBmA0CT3Y0w  authentic coffee at a reasonable price. The pastries are really tasty as well but pricier. It is a great atmosphere to catch up with a friend or just relax with a cup of coffee. The staff is also very friendly!"  older peopler and everyone inbetween (the 30 somethings and 40 somethings) my age group. It has a neighborhood feel but I can tell people come from surrounding areas Good spot for reading a book and eavesdropping on strangers' conversations." You should expect to wait a few minutes for your drink 83_p9vIqOq1TUIf3_GD7bA  or pour over? You name it they've got it. Only downside of this place is a limited food and pastry selection. If it is just coffee you want you this is the place. It is it a bit snobbish sure  but I still make an effort to come back a few times a year for the ambience. It is great in the summer and fall because they have a few tables outside.  The staff is great and the prices are reasonable Really hard to find a good cup of coffee in the states... I'd say this is the best  cappuccino I've had since Italy.  the venue was actually nice with a nice neighborhood feel. Every time I have been there since it has been really crowded and I've had trouble finding a seat. I would love to go back in the summer and sit outside at one of the tables." I just moved into a new place in highland park and realize this place was right next door. I'm a huge fan of coffee and have never been quite satisfied with the taste ever since my trip to Italy(where there coffee is to die for). This place makes me happy with coffee again. I've also had lunch here and bagels for breakfast both very delicious. This is my new place! The coffee place at the Walnut Mall in Shadyside is still my favorite for the iced coffee of the year award.  Try the iced OR blended ghiradelli mocha when you are shopping Shady-style - AWESOME!" I love Counter Culture coffee :-) The baristas are very friendly and very accommodating. I'm a big lover of coffee shops and this place fits all of my requirements. While I don't live in Highland Park Absolutely fantastic. One of my favorite places to hideaway and get some work done or just read a book.  with straw wrappers etc on the floor. The light fixtures were too modern to be considered cozy. There were four people on staff but it took at least 2 minutes for one of them to stop gossiping with the others and take our order.  I got the feeling that this place has had a lot of success and the owners have let things slide. It was ok Cute neighborhood coffeeshop type feel."  and drink amaaaaazing coffee. I like the atmosphere  I'll be a fan for life. The only other Pittsburgh place where I've found coffee this delicious was at Commonplace Coffee in Squirrel Hill. I went to college near Chicago and come from California. I count Intelligentsia and Blue Bottle Coffee as some of my favorite places  I've seen many professionals perform better with requests far more ridiculous. There's really never any need for snobbery. So I've got to dock Tazza d'Oro a bit. Too bad  but no it happen every time. I am not a young hip person and felt very out of place there. It is like you are walking into someone's house and bothering them. The people working behind the counter act like you are interfering with there conversation. Plus it is very dirty. Perhaps the people working there should try cleaning the place instead of talking to each other. I will not go back again." I don't find myself in that neck of the woods very often Pro-Tip: There is no sign for the unisex restroom  it's just a regular cappuccino. Five stars to the street view at a sunny winter afternoon."  and those were great. The service was excellent and the patrons working away on their laptops gave off a good vibe. I definitely want to come back and get some work done here.  We had a great chat to the barista. The mushroom panini sandwiches took a bit long to get  this place was a solid five star coffee joint not as good as I remember. Still in the top tier of Pittsburgh coffee shops but not even a contender for best anymore. Vegan apple cinnamon donuts were great but steamed milk on latte was less wonderful than I remember. Brownies: Still a real surperative. But damn Saw this place listed on a blog--and had to come here. We had tea and cappuccino. It was delicious- but my favorite thing is the neighborhood and the outdoor seating. Great for a coffee date My mission before graduating is to try all the independent coffee shops in Pittsburgh. Tazza D'oro came highly recommended from my friend and I didn't need any reason to go to any coffee shop. My girlfriend and I stopped in to grab some lattes and catch up. We also decided to get their baked goods. I never had a mocha that was so smooth and I loved my chocolate croissant. The noise level was relatively quiet and it may become my new study place. I will definitely be coming back for more of their coffee!  Georgian England. I wouldn't suggest coming with a large group; neither the limited seating nor the ambience is conducive to that.  It's quiet and intimate - ideal to catch up with friends or bury your nose in a book."  but it didn't seem right. Then I looked into the back room.... There is bread stacked EVERYWHERE. No wonder mine was stale. I might go back for coffee in a pinch  which is nice unless you're hoping to have a conversation without the looming self-consciousness of being overheard. Surprisingly cheap iced chilled tea. There was a large group of neighbors gathering at the outside tables  green and other tea choices are amazing. Foods: my least favorite is the portobello sandwich. . Great location and ambiance."  usually good music and interesting crowd.  If I wrote anything more it would be over kill.  That's all you need to know.  Oh "Cute little shop! I take my daughter here after school sometimes for a green tea and a snack. Everything is delicious  all the people here have major attitude problems and need an adjustment.  I refuse to pay good money (and always tip!!!!) when you people glare and judge all your customers.  Also  it would be one word: WOW! great coffee (and they even do MANUAL POUR!) the shop was humming with clicking fingers and beautiful indie tunes that captured the fuzzy feelings of autumn. local milk  definitely gonna go again and right my next screenplay." "Now that's a nice latte. One of the better lattes I've had. I'd highly recommend it. I only got it to go  like the place and love the community and naturally I will continue to make Tazza D'oro my coffee shop destination."  right around the corner for 10 months and never went until today. DELICIOUS!! best mocha I've ever had. (Coming from someone who's never gone to Italy seeing as how so many posters here have said that lol). The food is good to. Has a croissant Love it here! My boyfriend and I always walk our dog and stop for a latte while passing by. Never a disappointment! And absolutely loved that they offered Kistaco local apple cider! The Mocha Latte is my favorite and the croissant sandwiches are awesome too! By far the best around! The prices are reasonable and the quality is excellent.  I highly recommend this shop." "Came here for the first time and fell in love! Im always out looking for nice coffee houses to get work done or socialize with a friend and I think I found my favorite spot! They have a limited but delicious lunch menu and many many coffee options. I had a kale salad that was reasonably priced and VERY filling and delicious. The house coffee was probably the best I've had in Pittsburgh  which makes it an excellent spot to grab a java if you're outside for a morning walk. It provides a clean and informal inside and brings a more diverse bunch than most cafes- leans a bit to the business casual bunch. Still ha that area feel though. I've never had food there though they provide paninis. Excellent desserts. Great espressos and fine java. Outside chairs. Great location to analyze. A lot of notebook factory outlets and free wireless." Love it here! My boyfriend and I always walk our dog and stop for a latte while passing by. Never a disappointment! And absolutely loved that they offered Kistaco local apple cider! Absolutely love the Mocha Latte. The croissant breakfast sandwiches are great too! By far the best around!  the staff got to know our regular drinks which was always nice.  It does sometimes get rather busy loud on weekend mornings "I adore this area. It is wonderful to meet up with one (or a couple) of folks here but there's quite limited seats. It is fine in order to bring your dog and sit outside in the warmer months in the top 3 coffee spots in pittsburgh.  highland park is magic. This isn't my favorite coffee spot just because it's so close to my house... It's my favorite coffee shop because of the coffee!!... And the very nice baristas... And the delicious brekkie sammies... And the chocolate chip cookies... And the outdoor seating... And the nice people who work there. Oops. I said that already. I have never been here during the daytime so I can't comment on that.  Always great service when we came here for dinner and the music (since we were basically the only ones there).  Sometimes a minimal cover for the music.  There are books and comfy couches for the daytime coffee drinkers."  I really do love Quiet Storm and I will be sure I hit it up next time I'm in town visiting my friends there. The decor is adorable. The prices are reasonable. It was an intimate place to see a show and it's too bad they are no longer doing them here. I really feel like this place was one of the first things that made me heart Pittsburgh. It's truly a unique space."  fantastic theme brunches that show off the creativity and chops of the cooks here in a way that the regular menu can only hint at.  Check out their website and see when the next theme brunch is "I like the Quiet Storm because it offers food as well as drinks.  The spinach artichoke dip and white pita pizza is good.  I never had a Chai Milkshake until I went to the quiet storm.  If you can deal with East End ""urbanites"" then I would suggest trying it out  yet cozy.  And you won't find a radder floor in Pittsburgh.  The employees are super nice." My only complaint is regarding the vegan milkshakes. Sorbet does not a milkshake make." And then go inside and have some delicious food and drink."  so I haven't tried too much on it. But everything looks amazing. Quiet Storm is one of those places that doesn't do a wide variety of things PzG0XmAmtXFs6Fdnubf41g  but they are so inconsistent you never know what you are going to get.  The coffee machine looks like it hasn't been cleaned in the last century which is off putting.  Generally Okay there was one decent thing on the menu which was the artichoke dip. I was completely disappointed." Solid Milkshakes and Falafel - block from my house  but not slow.  I look forward to at least one chill breakfast here on my trips to the 'Burgh to visit friends and such." If you have plenty of time to kill & self-esteem strong enough to weather the whithering glances of the hipper set of pgh's east end  but delicious. There were plenty of menu options and it looks like this restaurant is really doing it's part to support the local community. The only complaint I would have was that the temperature also got a bit cold as we were sitting by the door... and it was winter. Finally  this doubles as a coffee shop (lacks some coffee shop seating) and the hot drinks are solid.  Check out the milkshakes!" "CASH ONLY!!!  What a pleasant surprise!  I went here for the first time last night and wasn't sure what to expect when i walked in.  The place seems to have some spacial issues.  There was a bar but they don't serve alcohol  they also have daily specials and themed brunches. I can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu. It's great to have a full-service restaurant where you can get oodles of vegetarian items."  my lunch cost me $17--ouch! I did have half of the wrap leftover and ate it later as a salad with my own dressing. It was quite good that way and I might recommend that QS rethink the Gyro presentation if they want to continue using so much lettuce." The Gyro wrap is amazing.  if you're in Pittsburgh and feel a little lost... go to Zenith and Quiet Storm  unique atmosphere (hippie   indy   hipster   whatever these kids are calling it these days). Interesting  as it was morethan enough to hold me through until dinner. (I agree with the comment I saw that stated that this would be a perfect place for a hungover posse!)"  but that my meat-eating boyfriend is happy too.  Food is a little pricey and if you get more than an entree and coffee it's easy to quickly rack up quite a bill for such a modest seeming place.  My only real complaint is the inconsistency of the service.  It's totally hit or miss.  I've never felt targeted with ""attitude  like 5 minutes and everything was fresh and great. Did I mention this also came with soup? I paid $13 total for my meal and a cold chai. Could not ask for more. My only and I mean only complaint is that they only serve lunch at lunch time  but I cannot stand to go there. Desperate times now call for toast and tea served by the sad server that resides within my depressed little dining room." I look forward to many additional trips during my extended stay in Pittsburgh." And it does a pretty fucking good job of it."  lasagna.  They have a pretty decent variety." I wouldn't care so much about how much of a tease this place is if I didn't REALLY desire a comfortable neighborhood place to eat comfortable food with a comfortable view of a cute waitress who writes fiction. And it frustrates me that few others seem to recognize the culinary (I shutter at even calling it that) mediocrity of ""the best"" vegetarian restaurant Pittsburgh has to offer." PzG0XmAmtXFs6Fdnubf41g R5IxGBQ_eayvkVkErG4rQQ  the servers although friendly can  sometimes be a touch ""hippie-elitest"".  the food was alright.  their homefries were quite tasty but little else has tantalized my taste buds and i have tried many things.  i do love their thai dressing  inviting. My favorite eats are the soups and the pile-o-hashbrowns (think haystack without the artery clogging gravy)." OMG chocolate espresso milkshake MMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmm  AND i got to use the wifi there for a couple hours on a Sunday morning with no nasty looks from the staff (it was crowded but no line).  Totally worth any effort it takes to get there (seemed to be in the middle of nowhere I really wish they would put a lil' more effort into customer service!" On cold wintery days try a Mexican Hot Chocolate - it will surely warm your heart!" Stopped in as I was driving through Pittsburgh. Had an awesome bagel sandwich and some tasty vegan pastries. Very cute atmosphere. Totally sold me on Pittsburgh.  since I'd consider the prices ($11 for brunch entrees) here to be mid-range and not ultra-cheap.  Still I've been going here very regularly since 2002 and they've been getting better and better.   It evolved from a coffee house & music space to a straight up restaurant.    They catered my wedding and my yinzer family liked it despite there being no meat. "I make a point to visit this restaurant every time I'm in town. I'm a mostly-vegan vegetarian who has been living in the San Francisco Bay Area for over 17 years PzG0XmAmtXFs6Fdnubf41g  I want to love you. But you broke my heart."  like the Black & Gold. I like that in some dishes you can replace rice with salad. A lot of people I've eaten with here have raved about the quesadillas. There's a nice laid back atmosphere and fun retro diner decor. There's also an extensive (but expensive) drinks menu with milkshakes The salsa that came with my sandwich is some of the best salsa I've ever had  which is a tofu scramble mixed with home fries and seisage which was absolutely delicious. She also got a side of spicy aioli which went extremely well with the breakfast dish. The service was prompt and they just left pitchers of water on the table for us which was great. Always a great choice for meat-eaters and veggie's alike. If you go with a large group though  I think they should be expecting yet another regular in the very near future."  but they've come at expense to the clientele. Here's hoping Quiet Storm rediscovers the mojo (and the menu) that once made them great." what a bonkers menu!  delicious and lots of fun.  the service was fantastic.   we ate here on a visit from NYC and had two very unusual and delicious vegan burritos... then stayed for tea.  loved it! "The menu looks awesome and the dish concepts are good except everything that comes out is disappointingly bland. Thank god there were bottles of hot sauce and salt on the table. The best part of the meal was the peanut butter chocolate milk shake. The burger and ""spicy"" Cajun soup were very mediocre."  the service is awful. It's as if they're doing you a favor by waiting on you. I think their breakfasts are pretty good and their lentil loaf is good but usually your sides consist of yellow nacho chips with brown jalopeno slaw. Also  the company was even better. I ordered the home-fries with tofu and cheese. They were extraordinary. The tunes being dj'd by the barista didn't hurt either. I definitely dig this place!" Next Sunday we'll go back earlier when the kitchen is open  Binge! http:  eatinginpittsburgh.com 2010 07 07 ive-got-an-itch-for-kitsch-quiet-storm-in-bloomfield "  cheap place to get your vegetarian vegan eat on.  Brunch is always nice and the specialty coffee drinks are fun to look through  and makes me wonder when The Quiet Storm will be getting a liquor license...the answer  Oregon... the atmosphere in this place is very Portland. Outdoorsy hipster cafe style. It's loud  both were served with chips.  Everything was great.  If I had any complaint it would be that I didn't see on the menu that my cheese steak had mayo on it.  I'm not a big fan of it  but not quickly accessible from either. It has to be a pre-determined destination rather than a drop in for random passersby. But that might just be OK." It also was a little sad that the pita I paid $1 for was so small (and not included with something like a curry plate already). The slaw had a slightly strange chemical taste but was still good enough to eat due to how fresh the vegetables were [and I didn't really order it "Daniel Fast friendly restaurant with good food. Stopped for an early supper before Saturday night church service after searching Yelp for vegan restaurant options. Food was good  we'd been completely finished with our meal for at least 15 minutes. For $4 (and probably a ridiculous wait) per milkshake  but the patty on the roll was just as perplexing as the ""mystery meat"" you get in your elementary school cafeteria. My sandwich came with a boring pasta salad and some tortilla chips out of a bag.  Otherwise the atmosphere was fun PzG0XmAmtXFs6Fdnubf41g  the QS is a good spot for vegan vegetarian fare."  nay ominously spacey.  Even when it wasn't crowded there had to be some substantial flag downs and polite and doleful eye contact before they would do what you needed.  If you're in the area and looking for...this type of thing I wish we lived closer to this place. They had the most amazing French toast (stuffed with apple butter and cream cheese) I've ever had.  but I guess it has to be when they have the audacity to charge $9 for a sandwich that cuts your mouth open. I think the owners hate having a business and are attempting to run it into the ground because they are not accommodating to vegans. Substituting real cheese for faux cheese is just too taxing for these world class chefs. I would recommend this for people who enjoy not finishing their meals." The only issue I have had is with service. On a particularly crowded Sunday I asked twice for a coffee refill and the waiter never filled my cup  Quiet Storm goes out of their way to use local products and makes quite a few of their products in-house.  That's always a good thing especially when the results are tasty and relatively affordable."  some pretty blah scrambled eggs and a large glass of cranberry juice (very healthy!). Overall  I'd probably go 4 stars.   I still plan to come back and give it another shot." I've never gotten something I didn't like. I'm a vegan and my favorite thing about this place is that it's not what most people would typically think of as veg. food. It's comfort food at its best...big yummy burritos...scrambles...drool inducing drink selection. Its got a really cool vibe and the prices aren't bad. Only complaint (if any) is that several of the servers seem a little zonked out...like they don't really give a shit. But whatever  the place did not look clean to me--I won't be back because of that."  the recent menu and more importantly price changes have made this go from a regular weekend brunch place to only a special-occasion place. The menu went from 2 pages to just 1 (still good food though - try the grits!) and the prices went up to $12-ish before tax. It's not completely unreasonable Cool funky space with low key music & friendly waitresses with plenty of tats"  I will not be coming back to this place."  intrigued by a few other things on the menu (like bbq tenders and pulled 'pork' quesadilla)  we just really liked the atmosphere. Sitting there in their mismatched Will return again and again I am sure." PzG0XmAmtXFs6Fdnubf41g  hipster service isn't going to walk up to you all bubbly and smiley and be super cheesy to you. But the employees are chill  but the food was just lacking in flavor so much that it's really deterred us from going back."  and chewy. Hubby got a country burrito that was much better in comparison to my plate... But that might have been due to the fact that his whole plate was doused in gravy. Anything will taste better drenched in gravy. We think the gravy tastes like the powdered packet kind where you just add water. On top of all this service wasn't the greatest. I had to fish around for my own ketchup and they didn't even bother to ask me what kind of toast (3 options on the menu)I wanted when I ordered the toast option for my meal. Then they didn't bother to ask hubby if he wanted anything to drink after he had picked one of the $12 entrees that come with coffee or juice. We had to tell someone else to get it for us. Also they don't really wash their cups. There are 2 sink basins at the front where they just dunk the cups in one soapy basin then dunk the cups in a second water basin and then stack them next to the sink. It made me not want to drink my water even though I was thirsty. Good idea  because of the bad service we were receiving. We used to call the servers ""Whole Foods Rejects""; they were always cranky and we felt not welcomed Artsy little alternative cafe diner with good food and nice wait staff.  but I would definitely come back. I can't eat dairy and love that the vegan options give me a lot more to choose from than the usual brunch place." "I decided to grab dinner on a Saturday night at Quiet Storm. It wasn't packed so I grabbed a seat at the bar. I ordered their Graham Street Tofu sandwich with their 'chorizo' soup and a shampoo soda. The Graham Street Tofu sandwich and soup were very good but the shampoo soda was interesting to say the least and wouldn't order it again. I was nervous I wouldn't get good service after reading some of the reviews but the waiter was friendly and checked in at the right times. I would definitely come back to Quiet Storm since they've got me curious about their other dishes. I also like the laid back vibe of the place Glad to see this spot still around when I visit back home." The absolute best part is that they're always crowded but there's almost never a wait when we go 6 stars. No. 7 stars."  I'm able to do this just would have been nice if asked by server if we needed one." I'm not from the area but I try to stop in every time I'm traveling through. So many great veg options and great drinks." PzG0XmAmtXFs6Fdnubf41g  but this place was awesome. I had been scoping it out for weeks when driving by. Finally I met someone there for lunch. Wifi. Check! Unique and Awesome Milkshakes? Cheeeeck. Tasty awesome foodies. Double Check. I was quite pleased with my experience and I can't wait to go back." The restaurant is just down the street from the Children's Hospital and I'm just really glad my fiancee found this place so I could eat safely without worry."  the tiles and that's how we like it! Lots of delicious vegan items. Definitely a good place to try new things. Good coffee too!"  this place is fantastic for veg food  and sweet Nyam (corn and coconut spiced pudding cake with banana and sweet potatoes). We started with the vegan nachos which were super tasty. Friendly staff and kid friendly "I've found the service here to be pretty terrible. Servers can be pretty careless about taking care of simple things and my friends have had similar experiences. The food is really pretty good  but it's super friendly and retro-feeling.  Servers were fairly friendly.  We had some great lattes and chai teas and chatted for a long time without being bothered.  Didn't try the food Great cafe for brunch and coffee. Lots of vegetarian options and nice atmosphere. Come check out the place if you're in the area and would like to try some healthy foods. Was here for some brunch with friends and our food did take a while to make it to the table but everyone enjoyed their meal. If you come too late during the evenings for dinner the food options are less then what's on the menu.  but this kid actually threw me to straight up hating it.  If you're vegan and have literally no other options... then I guess you're going here.  If both of those conditions aren't true  I am subtracting a star because they aren't all veg.  Anyplace selling eggs dairy and flesh isn't perfect for me.  I'de probably really call this 3.5 stars."  I often add it to my burrito. It's best on the nachos. For around $13 you can get a delicious filling breakfast brunch coffee tea included. They also have great pastries & dairy free coffee drinks & milkshakes! It's a vegan dream come true. It does get a little crowded during Saturday mornings so expect a wait I was also intrigued by some of the other items on the menu  but I would have to say the country burrito is the best. Amazing. Good people It's such a nice environment and the waitstaff is funny and friendly. I go here fairly often and would love to go even more!"  can someone get me a heat pack a few dozen Midol?) Too bad I won't be back in Pittsburgh anytime soon The service was pretty fast and friendly as well so remember to tip well!"  the owner was seriously rude to me and my fellow guests when we asked to split a check (which they state on the menu is allowed).  Not even passive aggressive- straight up aggressive for something that was not our fault.  so that was a sour end to my experience at Quiet Storm. but my belly was satisfied."  just a snarky remark ""well you can see we have a small kitchen""" All in all this was a good experience! I think this is my new favorite place."  I'd been hoping to be utterly wowed by the magic capable of being worked by nothing more than mere vegetables  0 out of 10.  The food came and my dish was probably an 8 out of 10 in terms of spicy-ness.  I could barely eat it as could others at my table.  Eventually I gave up trying to finish it.  I could have asked for a replacement but I chose not to but Im certain they would of fixed it for me if I had.  But other than this instant I've found the food fresh and well cooked."  I gave it five stars. YMMV."  I very much enjoyed the wide range of options. I always feel spoiled when I have actual choices. The food was very good and I will definitely go back again. It is not really exceptional ... I did not have a 'how did they do that?' moment. Someday veggie-vegan restaurants will not have to make food that looks like omnivore grub You may also want to nudge the servers a little more than you usually would I always love going here for some quality vegetarian fare. "Our favorite place to go for chocolate peanut butter soy milkshakes. We've been for breakfast  but there are some unique items as well.  Loved the homemade salsa.  Best I've had since we visited the atomic eggplant in Rochester years ago.  I simply love vegan food and knowing I'm supporting an ethical business.  Our server was really helpful and very attentive I have been to plenty of vegetarian restaurants in my travels and Quiet Storm does not even come close to the top 10. I think Pittsburgh deserves better." Service: Everyone is super friendly. It seems like they work there because they also like the food and atmosphere A nice plus is it's a great environment to eat and work. Free WiFi and nice big tables to work on. Plus  and each time there is an issue. The waitstaff usually seems confused and doesn't appear to care about the customer very much. There has never been a time where I've eaten there and had my order come out correctly. It's either wrong  as well as some creative choices. Their coffee and milkshake selection is pretty extensive too."  but this place might convince me to switch over. Had a few breakfast options and was blown away by the Greek plate and the QTF. Excellent coffee too."  cilantro and it was much heavier but the bread was good and all in all it was a delicious sandwich. We also had the flower salad which comes with a heavy dose of kale and smoked tempeh. Really really good with the peanut dressing! Tempeh is soft and very flavorful. Will get again. Found out that they are closing  moving to an unspecified location next week so we hope that they will be there on our next trip through Pittsburgh!"  you may have to be a young twenty something hipster college student to enjoy it  and various baked goods. Lunch food options are also rotated but usually feature a combo deal featuring a soda. (The Italian hoagies are great quality).  No public restrooms due to location but don't let that stop you from getting a cup on your visit to the north side. Reasonably priced. Fun atmosphere."  I just wish it was open on nights or weekends. Their coffee and espresso drinks are delicious. I believe at least some are Nicholas Coffee brand. They also sells homemade locally-sourced (or they're fooling me) breakfast sandwiches  next time you need your morning cup-o-joe or a mid-day pick me up (Note on ""outdoor seating:"" It's really no good unless you smoke  decent assorted snacks (pastries It's dingy. They don't use their space well. Coffee is brewed in poured into an regular old coffee pump pot. The desserts looked good  just that it was on. I'm giving it two stars for the awesome alternative energy posters hanging on the far wall."  and haven't been back to Katerbean since. I guess that is really the only thing this place has going for it."  especially with Root 176 and the Regent Theater right up the street. Regent Square is crying out for a good coffee shop! Could she be the one??? Hopefully someday? I am keeping my fingers (and toes) crossed!"  that coffee I spent $2 on?  That is the last money I will spend in that place.  Disgusting." Added note: looks like my previous review was somehow deleted.  I'll just say I received an order of hummus that was watery and had rotting celery in it.  Tried to get another and 3 or 4 of the orders in the case were all in the same condition. I asked for a refund  grudging service.  I would beg the owners to put any effort into this place.  As it is now  but there should be more of a reason for me to return than the fact that it's the only coffee shop in town." My pleading for a coffee shop intervention from someone Sigh. I hope the people at Biddle's Revenge open that place up soon and know WTF they are doing..."  dirty tables.  If they only had telescreens which couldn't be switched off  and I never even rank the tea here. Thank the Flying Spaghetti Monster that Biddle's Escape opened and now I have absolutely no reason to go to Katerbean." This place is now closed :-). Best thing that could've been done with it.  Going to opn in a couple of months under new management as the 61B caf. I look forward to seeing what some new life does to this place!  and gobble up all the free samples of pastry that the baristas offer. It's really a shame too because this Starbucks has a fireplace with a nice fire working during the cold months. In the evening when the old man unemployment club leaves is a great time to visit. If not for the ""I can top that"" club that come in everyday and tell the same old stories over and over IN SUCH LOUD VOICES  but have you ever said hello? Have you ever asked them if you could sit down? They're totally nice guys! The baristas here are really efficient (most of the time) and super friendly. They're on top of their game and even remember regular's drink orders." This is the option when I don't want to try to park on Beverly for a caffeine fix at the Coffee Tree." Jason and his team are awesome!! The store is beautiful and sparkly clean. My beverages were on point and the pastries were yummy!! Great work guys!!  but isn't that the case with any outdated strip malls in the Burgh?"  wears leather jackets and stuff) is extremely nice. I went away for college and when I came back he asked me all about it. Becky always remembers my orders and Astrid makes my iced coffee just right. I could sit in there for hours and I often do." Starbucks Coffee + Internet + Comfortable Seating =happy remote working experience. "Been to hundreds of Starbucks all over the country but this still remains my favorite. There are about 3 Starbucks on my way to work and this is hands downs the best! Always clean "I stopped here yesterday morning because I was attending an off-site training session.  Typical Starbucks.  On the way back It seemed to get busy from 1pm-2pm so if you want to stop at this location  Barista's are people too!!  Grunting out ""tall coffee"" instead of a hello doesn't usually fly as a good greeting.  Cheer up  this location has a limited retail area. We were looking to pick up some Verismo pods and they didn't carry any the last time we were there. Odd." This location also has a fireplace which is a nice touch for cold days." A normal Starbucks.. A little cramped..  the wait times can be annoyingly long. I have also observed baristas working a little slower than I would expect with so many people waiting which adds to the frustration. However A definite plus is that the staff doesn't bug you to the try your regular coffee from the new ""Clover"" machine (yet) "Worst effin Starbucks on the block and their baristas suck at making drinks. Horrible customer service and they ALWAYS screw up our orders. I just don't understand why they're so lazy. I understand their comprehension level is low because of the lack of education though. But 7ijQJV72aBrEoJCtTBCHxw  take a few extra steps and go to the one on the corner of 6th and penn.  Those people are SUPER friendly (gave me a free coffee on new years day because I was on my way to work and realized I forgot my credit card after I ordered for me and my coworkers.. so nice!) and it smells like a coffee shop should smell - like coffee.  WHOA.. mind. blown." 7ijQJV72aBrEoJCtTBCHxw  but that's because of the crowd. The fireplace and free wi-fi is a plus. I'm used to my favorite Starbucks employees being warm and friendly so it was a different experience here when I got kind of a robotic ""what are you ordering Can't complain! Great Starbucks! Came to Pittsburgh for a conference and took advantage on this Starbucks. Had their oatmeal and cappuccinos. Location is pretty big with many outlets. Internet is fast and service is great. The staff is friendly here though and the location is great. It tends to get dirty in here quickly with trash on the floor and patrons not picking up after themselves."  ordinary dirt. The glass case has dust and fingerprints all over it. The fingerprints on the main doors look like the same ones from 2 months ago. The cafe area looks as if it hasnt seen a broom  or mop in months either. Not sure if the manager makes th e employees clean or not! Would rather go to Dunkin Donuts next time! Right across the square. My macchiato had a very bitter taste to it!" Always enjoy stopping here for breakfast & reserve coffee from other Nations round the globe... Staff has always been nice!!! They also have a lot of teapots and coffee makers if you are looking for a nice gift for someone.  And how many coffee roasters sell cigars?  My confession:  I've smoked cigars on rare occasion and I actually do like the mild ones!  One last thing "Every time I visit from Chicago... I run over here before or after visiting Primanti's.  I've even demanded we stop here before returning home - I buy enough coffee to last me 6 months  the little guy wins again!" This is the BEST coffee and speciality  bean shoppe in Pittsburgh Tip: Go on Thursday afternoons when Market Square has their farmer's market and pick up some fresh produce and pierogies  and several others. The aroma of freshly roasted coffee permeates the air. And the selection of organic cookies is amazing. Love the place!" Nothing to complain about." What a great place to buy locally for holiday shopping!  Wouldn't your family and friends enjoy a nice bag of fun coffee tucked into their stocking?!  Hmmmm...I wonder who would like the deep  there's always a stop at Nicholas Coffee Co.  Great quality  come here. Mediocre coffee drinkers beware." There are many places to get coffee in this city  honey and huge variety of coffees. Shame on me for not giving this place a change earlier  but not as dark as French Roast.  I also picked up a nice Kenya AA blend.  But I'm also become a tea lover and I picked up some Stash Decaffeinated Earl Grey--makes a great ice tea!  Great coffee and service here.  It's been a few years since I was here last and I'm gonna have to stop by more often." "One of the best places to buy coffee in the city. The Raspberry Truffle Latte is my personal favorite  but they are always impatient with me as if it were a deli counter with 50 waiting people even when I am one of the only customers. As far as fresh roasted coffee in Downtown this is one of highlights of Market Square." They also had a ""bargain bin"" of Ritter sport chocolate bars for $1.30 each by the door...lucky I saw them on the way OUT instead of the way IN!"  with a narrow aisle separating the numerous selections of whole bean coffee and tea on the left from the coffee bar on the right. They also sell chocolate covered beans and even a small selection of cigars. With so many choices Moral of the story: don't listen to the hipster shark."  as well as notable Chinese varieties as well. The lady who helped me out today was pretty knowledgeable about the differences in Ceylon teas. I won't claim to be a full-bred tea connoisseur myself but I'm getting a lot of enjoyment out of my trips to Nicholas. Plus they're also stocking local honey as well which is a huge plus."  and all delicious. They have every flavor you could possibly imagine (and sell the beans if you don't want to wait for them to brew your favorite one). The candy shop is pretty awesome  so I guess I can honestly say I got what I paid for: nothing spectacular but nothing awful A must stop for visiting guests and coffee tea lovers!" "Wonderful alternative to Starbucks in Market Square.  All of their brewed coffee hits the spot.  If you go in between 8-9am you won't have to worry about a huge line like you would at Starbucks.  It's also a much more personal experience picking up your morning coffee here.  Last time I stopped in Upon leaving and inspecting the various bags of beans and teas I noticed this place also sells cigars! Hot dog. What a gem."  and both were good and the smell of the place is awesome... I coffee beans!"  and the staff offered me a short tour of the back. It's a shame it's not closer or I'd go regularly." "Great coffee and Tea selection.  Good prices for latte's  which happens to be the oldest in the city and the most delicious smelling! They staff here is super friendly and enthusiastic about the precious beans. Its quaint and charming with a old rustic touch. Prices are reasonable and what you'd expect. Definitely a good place to stop if your around market square" Touch: 2-only because you aren't really using your hands for anything. I did get a biscotti there which was very good. So since I used my hands I need to add some rating." We want Nicholas to be great--or now  coffee was great and the biscotti was unique and wonderful." The inside of the shop is clean and well organized. You definitely don't mind waiting in line in a room that smells this good! The staff seemed relatively well informed and courteous. I can't speak to how well trained they are because I didn't have them prepare me a drink. I had gone to Starbucks." "Don't have too much to add here that hasn't already been said. This is a very unique and special gem in the middle of Market Square. The quality of the coffee is very good. The staff are very friendly. The decor and ambience is quite unparalleled to other places in the city. I was also pleasantly surprised at how well priced the drinks were. I wish "Wide variety on coffee & teas - even cigars. Relaxed atmosphere & friendly people.  Lots of flavored coffees I had a dark chocolate cold latte. It was like eating dark chocolate espresso beans. The best I have ever had. The prices were reasonable and the staff were very friendly. "Pretty good coffee here. I absolutely LOVE the Scandinavian Roast! I also tried the Rainforest roast and the Tiramisu flavored coffee: didn't care for either. Wonderful place  I am very particular about my coffee based on the taste as well as acidity. I tend to like mellow and dark flavored coffee and Nicholas has what I need. My favorite blend there is the Olde Vienna roast. They will customize the courseness of your grounds based on your coffee maker which I appreciate. They also have a frequent flyer card which allows you to get a free pound of coffee after ten visits. The coffee bean counter is to the left when you enter and their cafe is to the right. Although I have never tried the coffee from the cafe  or buy a few sample packs to find your favorite brew before buying by the pound." "My favorite place in pittsburgh to get whole bean coffee.  Amazing selection  I'm upset I just recently went to Nicholas. The coffee (coconut cream) was very good. I love their tea selection and actually ended up buying Bigelow Vanilla Caramel tea which I can never find anywhere. For two medium coffees and the box of tea I paid a little over $7. Great coffee  I'd go find that 21st St. Coffee branch instead. Still This is the place to come when you run out of your banana hazelnut flavored coffee.  which makes it up right.. I would like to try some of their unique coffee blends the next time I come. You can also buy beans to brew your own coffee Also has a good selection of cigars."  but the people working here were super genuine and nice and my 16 oz. loose-leaf Georgia peach rooibos was amazing! Yay for tea and coffee coffee coffee (which I have yet to try here)." I will NEVER come back here." I really didn't get to try anything here but since I am familiar with the brands they carry it is nothing new than what you get at the grocery store. My son told me the coffee here is good so will have to check it out again on a future visit." "Nicholas Coffee has a huge selection of coffee beans and loose leaf tea. It also has cute candies and cookies that you don't see any where else. So altogether  too ... check out the old industrial-strength coffee roasting machinery in the rear of the place ... they can roast up to 300 lbs of beans "I am in town for work and stumbled upon Nicholas. I'm so glad I did. Walked in and loved the ambience.  The owner is awesome and so great If you like flavored tea or coffee you definitely need to check out Nicholas. This is my go to for loose leaf tea. Such a wide variety and it smells amazing! "Really fantastic coffee and a wonderful staff. Far less expensive than the big chains like Starbucks. My favorite thing is their daily special coffee blends; it's always something amazing that makes you wish they will make it again  it's like they didn't know the difference between both of them.i was quite disapointed." "Nicholas Coffee is my go-to coffee spot in Pittsburgh. I was a loyal Dunkin patron for years until I recently discovered this hidden gem thanks to a friend's recommendation. I love that they feature new flavors every day to keep things interesting. If you bring your own mug "Myself and my company have been a customer for years. The aroma of the place and all of its little confections are quite welcoming indeed. One thing they've been failing at terribly is customer service and barista bar quality. It's sometimes tough to get waited on even with nobody in the store. The girls working the counter treat you as a nuisance who is interrupting their time on their phones. It's gotten bad  don't forget to get a punch card ... You get a pound free after 10!" A good spot for a cappuccino on a Sunday morning. Expect a good crowd and enjoy sitting outside at their wrought iron chairs and tables watching the Strip activity. The best time to visit La Prima is a Saturday morning in early fall.  The Strip will be in its full bustle.  Go up to the counter Best Espresso Hands down. Makes me want to hop on a plane and come home for a weekend just to wake up on a Sunday and hear italian men next to me while I sip my espresso machiatto.  but theirs just taste better than others. I also like to get a breakfast pastry from the bakery next door." "Pretty good espresso coffee. Plenty of chairs outside to enjoy grungy ambience. Not sure is a five star coffee Worth a stop for lovers of dark coffee." The environment is not that welcoming for staying." "Best espresso in pgh- come for the coffee  especially with 21st Street Coffee two blocks away.  If it's raining and you're caught at the public market down aways from 21st street Best latte and cappucino's! ... Although the one from last Tuesday was a bit eh. I grab a couple bags of Paulie's Blend every time I'm back in town for my friends in Houston and they always love it. The coffee shop down the street had great coffe and they don't drop anything in there as well."  hit the trail at the waterfront and walk to your next meal...."  and balanced. Sumatra  bold but not overbearing.  And you'll need to check another review for latte frappa cappuccino."  walk next door to the Pittsburgh Popcorn Co. (Are you seeing a trend yet?)"  but the wait is well worth it!  Their coffee is delicious and if you are not sure what one of the drinks are the staff is very knowledgeable.  La Prima is also adjacent with a little bakery shop that is usually my second stop in the Strip.  I highly recommend visiting both!" I am now dreaming of that mocha latte and I know that the next time I go into any coffee shop I will be disappointed when I have to reach for the sugar to aid in taking away the bitterness that just wasn't there in the La Prima drinks!"  the coffee is rather good too.  My only lament is that their large is not an Americanized large.  They have a pretty nice selection of bags of organic and fair trade beans should you wish to brew some at home.  Espresso?  They are actually one of the wholesalers for espresso machines in the city This is a really authentic Italian coffee shop attached to a bakery and a wonderful find right off ""The Strip"" in Downtown Pittsburgh." It's a very welcoming place if not a bit overwhelming with all the choices.  But if you're in the Strip and looking for a good cup of coffee  and the patrons (especially the little Italian men sitting outside playing cards drink espressos). A huge favorite place in my book!!!"  but I always try to stop in for a double espresso.  You're not going to want to bring your computer."  which was delightful.  I'll definitely be going back more often now that the weather is much colder!"  expect lines out the door). We ended up sitting outside enjoying coffee and popcorn for the rest of the afternoon." Best espresso I have had outside of Italy. Surprisingly authentic and inexpensive Italian coffee shop in a downtown area. I heard actual Italian spoken here with a news channel from the motherland on the TV. The place was packed on a Saturday afternoon and appeared to satisfy everyone who stood inside. My espresso was just as good as those I had in Europe. Hats off to La Prima! Note: While they do sell the coffee at La Gourmadine  the Italian television station.  There's usually a futbol game or some Italian news broadcast playing.  Without fail there will be these elderly Italian gentlemen playing a traditional card game in the corner.  For a great cup of coffee made however you like and the atmosphere of an authentic Italian cafe  but its top 5 and definitely the closest to a true italian feel. Standing room only so don't expect to loiter like you do at Green Tree. You know who you are coffee squatters. Maybe that is what makes this place unique. Its a laptop free coffee environment. Novel Idea!" Expect to have a crash course in Italian since everything from the menu to the trash can is in Italian.  Also expect lots of older Italian men with their top 3 shirt buttons undone eating beautifully home style pasta dishes while standing around talking (in Italian of course) at the few high top tables in the shop." Previous reviewers are correct - if you are used to the idea of a coffee shop that the local and national chains have given us "I used to buy La Prima espresso for my Pavoni all the time so I was pretty excited to actually get a cup of coffee here.  I ordered a cappuccino.  It tasted like milk and no coffee.  I was exceptionally disappointed.  So while the place has a great reputation Definitely stop in when you get the chance.  Grab a coffee and run.  Run with your newfound energy!" Pastries and coffee you can't go wrong. You'll need to get here early if craving an almond croissant.. they tend to sell out by noon. Their other pastries are delicious as well. Try the mele as well. You can wash it all down with an expresso or what I like is an expresso macchiato!  slow down and soak it all in! Be sure add a sfogiatelle or almond croissant from the bakery next door." Do not go here during the week if you expect them to open on time. I was there today and it was 615am and there was no employees at all. Managed very poorly. The older lady with a short hair cut is the one who doesn't open on time when she is scheduled. Please move this lady to a different time. 6am is too early for her.  there is usually a group of elderly Italian men playing Briscola. That basically indicates that it's Italy right there. I also want to point out that their espresso machine is a beautiful machine and I wish I had it in my apartment. You cannot go wrong with their coffee. One person takes care of you the whole time. They hand grind each order which maximizes freshness of the grounds. I ordered an iced coffee and it was funny that they put the iced coffee in hot coffee cups. There was a self counter that I pour cream and simple syrup to my hearts content. I do not know what type of beans they use but the resulting flavor is smooth I have fond memories of this place.  I was truly introduced to Italian Expresso and dry Italian snack pastries etc. Coming from small town Ohio and moved to the big city of Pittsburgh in the mid 90's I did not understand but got to know their product line.  My best friend at the time worked for LPE for about 7-8 years and traveled around to all of their Pittsburgh branches.  I have been to them all.  Hard working family owned  I have a fondness in my heart for this coffee.  Ground right when you order. I remember the friends and the family sitting out front until close on a Saturday afternoon parlare italiano in front of the store.  K sitting out front with her table of illustrated greeting cards. It was always packed on Saturday. I will probably add an addendum as I remember more.  you're not a morning person.  You should ask for later shifts." I've been going here for years. As an Italian I can say this place is authentic. The espresso is made right with a great machine. They even air Italian television. Be warned they do not have a public restroom. Located in the strip district it's the place to be seen by every Italian in Pittsburgh. Lots of Italians gather on Saturday morning for coffee and some even play cards together. I love how they serve espresso is a real ceramic cup no paper cups. Don't expect Starbucks. It's better and the real thing.  but we love the authentic Italian feel of the place. The lovely regulars also help add to the ambiance. There are several groups of older men who bring their own tablecloth and play cards outside. On a recent occasion we even witnessed them roasting chestnuts over a fire! In addition to the great coffee The kindest people frequent and their employees are just as enjoyable as their coffee."  the tourist in me needs a coffee in hand. This is the place. Standing room only Love this place. Great for croissants in the morning.  delicious espresso drinks made in a space shared with a delightful bakery. It doesn't get much better than that. They also sell really epic mugs. Get your coffee to-go and browse the surrounding shops and vendors with a pastry in hand. I can't think of a nicer way to spend Saturday morning." The best coffee in Pittsburgh.  Do it right and order an espresso or cappuccino.  Grab something from the connecting door to pastry happiness.  Then go and stand around one of the tall tables and just enjoy.  Take in the surroundings of a true coffee shop. SWzCFTM7KHc-MncD6xxOYQ  and there are definitely some clear regulars that come here every day." "Walking around Strip district on a beautiful spring afternoon we came across La Prima. Delicious aroma of coffee welcomed us inside. It was quite crowded and lots of people were in line. We ordered cappuccinos and it was one of the best cappuccino I have had in Pittsburgh ! They had lot of good looking pastries too   and I have yet to drink an espresso that I love as much. Super smooth  no question. Try the mocha latte as a first (i like more coffee so I get the doppio)"  they make all kinds of different coffees!  There especially busy on weekends but its worth the wait.  They make there orders pretty quick so line moves fast!"  but a couple of tables with chairs outside. Beware of the birds coming to hang out if you had food! While not pigeons  but at times the shots in the store can be a little off.  I usually just buy the whole beans for home since I have a Vibiemme HX machine and a Mazzer grinder in my house.  Go with the Miscela  love that they offered free coffee after yoga in the square on Sunday at market square." Not from the area.   Was looking for a Starbucks and found something even better.   Great espresso and the pastry next door is an awesome complement  didn't like the cappuccino as much.  Love sitting outside and watching the older Italian guys play cards.  Iced and hot lattes are fantastic.  Get a latte  minus a few for not actually being that great." "The iced coffee here is delicious! With just a drop of cream I'll gladly choose this over any Starbucks drink any day. I bought some Sumatra coffee here to take home. They gladly grind the beans for you in store. The ground coffee was EXPENSIVE "hey i'm not a coffee drinker. it would be really great if you could get some real tea. it's such a drag to go with my friends and watch them drink  but at least give me the option of my change. I always leave a 1$ bill for the other employees. But she wont give me my change if she did she would get a 1$ bill from me..... lol"  wonderful pastries next door Awesome coffee! Italian style. My fav is the moka doppio cappuccino - which is like a chocolate cappuccino with high quality semisweet chocolate. They have the best almond pastries as well. It gets busy but is worth the crowd! SWzCFTM7KHc-MncD6xxOYQ They also sell coffee beans to buy and brew at your own place. I was particularly tempted by an organic Ethiopian on my last visit but restrained myself for the moment."  lattes and cappucinos. The only drawback is sometimes the line is a little long in the morning but it's definitely worth the wait."  but the one I had here was lovely (and ridiculously strong). The smokiness and smoothness of the drink was great. The ambience of this place wasn't fancy by any means - it's one of those authentic Italian espresso places where a lot of older folk come to chat and catch up. It had this ""diner"" vibe  but the line moves pretty fast thankfully. It was nice to watch groups of elderly Italian gentlemen catching up here over authentic delicious espresso and cappucinos."  but the delay is well worth it! Their coffee is tasty and if you're unsure what one of the beverages are the staff is extremely educated. La Prima is also next with a tiny bakery store that's normally my second stop in the Strip. I strongly recommend seeing both!" Greatest latte and cappucino's! ... Although the one from last Tuesday was a bit eh. I catch a couple bags of Paulie's Mix each time I am back in town for my buddies in Houston and they always love it.  there was a group of elderly Italian men playing cards outside.... It just adds to the authenticity of the place!!!" "This is the only place that can come close to making a cappucino like you would get in Italy. Go for the coffee  enjoying some of the best coffee Pittsburgh has to offer. The neighborhood is awesome with outdoor seating. I'm a coffee of the day type drinker  so do yourself a favor and get a plain drink. The espresso tastes better with just milk." I have been going here for years. As an Italian I can say this place is bona fide. The espresso is made right with an excellent machine. They even air Italian television. Be warned they would not have a public restroom. Found in the strip district it is the place to be seen by every Italian in Pittsburgh. Tons of Italians assemble on Saturday morning for coffee and some even play cards together. I adore how they serve espresso is a actual ceramic cup no paper cups. Do not anticipate Starbucks. It is better and the real thing. Went here to try the coffee. Usually go to Allegheny Tea and Coffee Exchange. It's true that the service you get can ruin the experience. Will probably never go here again because the person servicing me was rude.  make sure to have cash (no cards) and stop by."  but they're really nice and worth supporting. If you're looking for a quick cup of coffee or an espresso pick-me-up and have cash in your pocket  and the coffee is delicious too! I like to get their ""A Shot in the Dark"" which is their daily special with a shot of expresso.  Would highly recommend this cute little shop in Fifth Avenue place - just remember it's cash only!" It is worth noting that this place is cash only and does not accept cards.  It's not a huge drawback I will likely not give them my business again. There are plenty other coffee and tea places around that people don't have to settle here." Susan human female again!"  but if you work downtown and don't want to support Starbucks or Crazy Mocha (seriously Good idea:  If you are going to put up with a ton of aggravation while totally wired Atmosphere is functional more than aesthetic. Discount if you bring your own coffee cup." My favorite bean in the Burgh! I have had many a cup of coffee hear and none of them bad. They roast much of their own beans and have an ample selection. Well worth trying. One of the best in the strip!!! This place is definately great to grab a good book and chill out for an afternoon on the Strip District!" I'll definitely be back since it's a quick ride down the street. I'm sorry to say I haven't really tasted their in-house drinks except once a year ago. I honestly can't remember what I had or how it tasted but a place that roasts and grinds their own beans should definitely know how to make a killer coffee drink. Lemme know if I'm wrong!" Fortunes served the best coffee we tried in Pittsburgh and had the most engaging and upbeat baristas.  Best part is the old-fashioned coffee roaster and barrels full of beans.  Lift  given the fact that I made such a stupid mistake means that this place must be a good coffee shop.  Beyond that no. no. no.  $5 credit card minimum.  no bathrooms . . . and you sell coffee? good brew but why bother having tables if you don't have a place for customers to go?  or is way to strong.  With that said the coffee here was pretty good.  It was a bit annoying asking for a coffee and having to look at the board as to which one I wanted.  The house blend was nice though.  The place is cozy looking.  The staff was friendly."  and decaf.  The people there have been consistently nice even when I went in the first time and didn't know how to work the grinder because I'm a jagoff.  The way the cafe is set up reminds me of the cafes in Italy where you are meant to come in  the vibe was great and it is in the heart of the Strip District.   A strong recommend." "First I want to say I LOVE coffee & I don't even understand the people writing reviews on here that DON'T drink or like coffee!!!!  So please look at the reviews of actual coffee lovers!!   I LOVE the Fortunes Coffee's.  We don't live there but stumbled into this place while walking down the Strip District.  I bought their Pumpkin Spice coffee & brought it to my son's house there to brew.  It was AWESOME!  So I had to go back & buy plenty more of both reg & decaf.  Now everytime we go back to Pittsburgh we have to go there & stock up.  If you want good tasting coffee Behind the counter is an older guy named John Prestogeorge.  When I asked him for a recommendation  and tried to decide what I wanted. I was helped by an older gentleman who knew more about tea than I'm sure anyone else I'd say if you're  in Pittsburgh and if you like tea or coffee (coffee I can only judge from the long line and great smell!) this is a must visit (or check out their on line shop if you're out of area). Be sure to check the hours because like everything in The Strip And the peanut butter is wonderful  because they're amazingly friendly and more than willing to help with any questions. When people go on and on about ""back in the day Friendly staff member showed us the fresh coffee beans and the massive roasters one morning. Amazing coffee Even when I don't need any coffee or tea I love popping my head into this place to look at the rows upon rows of glass tubs filled with every kind of coffee bean and tea leaf your heart could desire ....and the smell is heavenly. The one time they didn't have the obscure tea I wanted they immediately offered to try to find it and have it in stock for the following week. Everyone here is extremely helpful and I've tasted many a fine teas and coffees thanks to them.  the food and service is exceptional.  Yet another great place to chill and hang out on the Strip."  but to stop anyone from making the trip in hopes of getting excellent flavored coffee in Pittsburgh.  Just order from one of the two sites I listed above." Their wraps and sandwiches are great!  and as many kinds of loose tea as they have coffee blends.  Every time I'm at Prestogeorge stocking up on beans So many reasons to love this little independent wonder." Been coming here to buy whole bean coffee for years.  Excellent prices and perfect roasts.  they have a full coffee bar as well that I'd trust is as awesome as their collection of beans and leaves. Tons of supplies for all your sipping needs are packed into this store as well. If you're a coffee or tea lover My only hang up is that the 16oz drink is the smallest drink size.  I ended up wasting about 1 3rd of my beverage." "We have been customers of Prestogeorge coffee for many years now. We are local caterers and when we prepare the coffee bar for our customers we brew either Honuras or J P blend. We recieve many compliments and want to pass this on to you! I am also from a family run business of 40 years. It is very nice to see you take such pride in your craft. If I had questions needing answered  but the staff is ready and willing to help direct you to a coffee bean that is perfect for your taste.  We've tried many different varieties of the dark blends This place rocks! The coffee selection is out of this world and the coffee itself is wonderful! It is smooth and just terrific!  and they have so many different flavors of loose leaf tea. The employees are always so friendly  the person working the cash register always offers little ones a cookie.  My daughter never  i have seen no equal. The mustached tea guru who works there literally puts together the different teas - and has an intimate knowledge of each." The bottom line for me is that I will be back here again in the future not only for their large selection of loose leaf teas but also for their Americanos.   Make sure that if you want anything from behind the counter to look at their lists as I surely will the next time that I am there.  I also hope that in the future they will have some milk in addition to the half and half but I am not holding my breath." Burger King! and Most likely the Coffee is Better!!" This place is a hidden gem in the strip district. The aroma alone is what drew me in. Let me tell you the list they have for iced latte flavors is ridiculous! I stuck with my favorite simple Caramel iced latte. They transform it to something amazing and delicious. Perfection. I haven't checked out all the other stuff they have to offer but the lattes were the best I've ever had. I did get a brownie there that was a little disappointing and stale. But I don't go there for the brownies.  you can order online and have it shipped to your house. Every time I order it comes to my door the next day. This is such a plus for me since I always wait until the last minute to order coffee when I'm running low. You can order whole beans or have them ground to your specific coffee pot french press. My favorite flavor of coffee is coconut cream. My only complaint is that they don't send you a receipt via email or shipping confirmation. But really  quick staff. I wound up getting their Sumatra beans and loved them." Best coffee in the burgh. The customer service is always great to boot! I used to come here on a daily basis and ALWAYS go when I'm able to get down to the strip. They provide the largest selection of latte flavors and teas. The sandwiches are good and the breakfast choices are also good - the cinnamon buns heated up are the ish. I highly recommend this place!"  but tastes almost like buttery popcorn! It is so unique and exquisite. There are so many coffees and teas to choose from that you could get lost all day just smelling the coffees and choosing which ones you want to take home! You can buy tea pots and infusers here to accompany your new loose leaf teas if you need something new or want to try different ways to drink tea. The prices are absolutely phenomenal. Depending on the tea "I stopped in to get an americano.  It tastes just like a Starbucks americano.  Maybe this is good for Pittsburgh?  I grew up here  but I have loved many varieties that I have bought here. Definitely worth a visit while in the Strip District!" "J.P. Hearty or die. If you need the beans The cost of their coffee and supplies is more than reasonable when compared to national brands available in local grocery stores.  And for coffee roasted on site where you can watch the process P.S. Their baked goods are white girl ""can't even"" good too." Good selection but I could do without the condescending salesperson. I stop in here just to look around every time I'm in the Strip. It's the type of place that my Grandpa would have been going to for the last forty years. It's just got an old school European feel. I like it. Walk in the packed space and look around. Go look at the coffee roaster in the back or ask the tall clown-lookin guy with glasses for a recommendation on some tea. It's not got the class or refined feel of some of the new places but it's absolutely wonderful in its own special way." "Great coffee stop with the drum roasting process visible in the back. Tons of beans to choose from to buy as well. The coffee itself was better than average with a good balance of mocha TASUnYvk_nvTUyKtroCJSA  does not mean you can't enjoy PG.  Visit and buy online at www.prestogeorge.com .  I am not affiliated with them  the staff are always helpful and they have a lot of specialty foods. Prices on coffee espresso tea makers are very reasonable and they have a deli with coffee  and other goodies.  My wife and i picked up a cup of fresh brewed coffee for our stroll around the Strip.  Great cup of coffee and not expensive at all. Friendly and helpful staff.  I highly recommend." I will definitely be back next time I am in the Strip!!" Always worth stopping in."  it's time to start ordering from them again."  white tea...so come and try some; you're guaranteed to find a blend you like if you're a tea drinker like I am! My advice would be to buy a quarter pound of a few of the teas that smell good and I bet you will find one you enjoy. There have only been a select few that I thought were ""just okay"" (and I've tried a lot)  all of which are sourced from various countries around the world. They also offer a very wide-ranging loose leaf tea menu - honestly any type of tea you can imagine they carry. Store is very small so it's best to purchase what you need and get out. You can order coffee or tea on your way out from the baristas I had the same young lady ring me up all four times. Very friendly and outgoing!" Insider Tip: Get here early (before 7am) to avoid the line that goes out the door year around."  and fast!  This is very important especially for this location; It gets extremely busy during peak hours.  The other day they accidentally put my drink in wrong.  They gave me a free drink coupon just because I waited an extra minute - I didn't even complain!  Now that's service." All the other small cafs and coffee shops close so early so I didn't really have many options. Needed some caffeine ASAP!"  so don't expect to walk in and see a vast array of coffee mug options or anything The staff is very nice and the store is always immaculate. The store has huge Windows where you can watch the traffic and people go by. It's one of my favorite locations." This Starbucks is located in the K& L Gates building across from the Wood Street T station and is one of my favorite locations to patronize.  It's usually very busy in the mornings (line out the door) but they move the line quickly and are very friendly.  Haven't had any issues here and will be back soon!  it's just a Starbucks."  cool and upscale their establishments are I can't get around the yicky tasting bitterness of Staryucks regular coffees. Talk about over roasting a bean...Maybe something has changed with their regular coffee but I have not drank it in about a year. And I am not one for soy caramel latte foofy stuff but I am sure with all the sugar in those types of drinks they are delicious but go to a cash machine first ($$). Still I'll give the establishment tres estrellas (star in espanol) for the fact that their espresso is acceptable and doesn't taste half as bad as the regular coffee bean."  one staff member in particular .the woman in front of me in line totally polite to her. me totally opposite. rude .big attitude and not even a thanks. i really don't care one way or the other about your sexuality but don't take it out on me because im a guy."  still just a basic Starbucks occupying the lobby of a former theater.  It came in handy today though.  I ducked in here  for some Tazo Passion brewed tea.  It really hit the spot on on an otherwise blah afternoon."  I'd rarely to never have a bad experience there which is saying a lot about a coffee place." Otherwise Crazy Mocha fufills my coffee needs better yet Chai Tea Latte needs." This Starbucks is my particular favorite because it is extremely clean and cozy.  The people that work here are some of the nicest I've ever met. My drink of choice at this location lately has been a Venti three pump vanilla latte. Yum!"  I really enjoy Starbucks coffee. It's one of the best. You don't become a coffee conglomerate without boasting a damn good cup of coffee. And their service is always quick (if impersonal) and efficient."  (deducting one star for that) but Starbucks does treat their employees pretty well and they've made great strides in the quality department recently. I think teaming up with a San Francisco French bakery and offering cold brew were genius ideas on their part. I'm totally okay with supporting my local Starbucks outpost staffed by genuinely nice people and supplied with products I'm able to safely consume on a regular basis."  chatting with regulars and first timers. Overall the space was quiet and the jazzy tracks could be heard. It was a really nice way to start off the day. Even when more folks did arrive "I really like this Starbucks - there is plenty of seating and it is always very clean.  The staff are friendly enough and the service is fast.  I like this particular Starbucks because there is always plenty of street parking nearby and I've never had trouble finding a table even when it is during peak hours.  Overall there isn't much different between this locations - it has similar selections to other stores around Pittsburgh Uptown Coffee is a great alternative to Starbucks and a great place to spend a few hours catching up with friends." The coffee drinks here are simple but good.  The names are fanciful; espresso with milk and a Torani shot is an ""Elizabethan"".  Dunking your biscotti into a good coffee  get a milkshake instead.  Or buy your baked goods here and go down the street to Aldo for your coffee."  I had the feeling we were taking away from their valuable time for them to answer a question.  They have much more food options than Aldo if you'd like a treat with your drink - lots of cookies  Uptown Coffee. Thanks?"  but the other drinks I've had here are pretty good.  They had excellent home made deserts.  They can be a little pricey but you kind of expect that from a small family owned shop." DJKpwLp4mISNDNDpNz67tw  you're still able to find your space around the shop for business work or simply just for relaxation. I go there about once or twice a month because their drinks and desserts are delicious. Service is great as well."  free internets.  Not a total loss... Sorry buds!"  away from the cold outdoors but more importantly right by the kitchen where the bakers are outdoing themselves several times an hour. Biscotti  cookies and quick breads cakes are all available for snacking. There are mismatched tables and chairs for seating  move toward the front).  But the wifi will occasionally need to be reset.  The baristas are always happy to help." Great coffee shop sit and eat in there whenever my brother is taking a guitar lesson at empire music next door very good coffee and nice people  the woman behind the counter was very rude and had a terrible attitude." "Nice local coffee shop with free wifi The coffee is terrific and the barista welcomes and chats with customers. The pastries and sweets are always evolving "Not a huge fan of it anymore and don't come in as often since I'm not ""roaming"" around the Lebo area as much as I did a few years back. I loved it here back when I was in high school though. My friends and I would always come here for a quick afterschool pick-me drinks & yummy pastries. Or sometimes a group of us would get together here to study on the weekend. We love the raspberry Italian French soda and their banana bread is just so good! Seems like they have new workers over the years and they're all good but I still prefer those baristas that used to work there all the time about 4 years ago. We just clicked instantly and they knew exactly what we wanted...." "Out of town visitor in pittsburgh and needed to get some work done so came here.. It was awesome!! At first I was bummed they didn't have pour over coffee but the iced coffee was delicious. I also got the veggie sandwich and granola. Both were amazing and may have been one of the best vegetarian sandwiches I've had- tons of veggies  especially the acai green tea. The pumpkin chocolate chip bread is really moist and delicious as well."  each with it's own individualized lamp! The artwork on the walls were fun to look at. The cup sizes for iced drinks are really big! A small is the equivalent of at least a medium (if not bigger) at a place like Starbucks. I'm lactose intolerant so I get soy milk but they don't charge me extra for it! (Usually $0.70 or more elsewhere). Parking is tricky but I always find a spot..plus the location is on a nice strip with other stores and offices so parking further down the street is worth the stroll."  hot chocolate and to die for m and m cookies! The staff are definitely much more friendly than at orbis cafe down the street. The only thing about this place is it always looks dirty especially the floors. Other than that this is my favorite coffee shop in Mt.lebanon."  a pumpkin spice latte. The atmosphere was totally coffee-shop-esque. It was pretty busy (Plein Air weekend); it was nice to see a lot of activity. I came here to study and was undisturbed for the 5 hours I sat in the corner. I originally had trouble connecting to the WiFi The kinda place that makes you wonder how Starbucks ever became a thing.  Pastries are amazing.   Iced Tea is always fresh.  Best coffee shop in the area. This place has amazing desserts and baked goods that they make in house. It also has a cute vibe. "This is such a great spot in the heart of Mt. Lebanon. Their vanilla nut flavored coffee is delicious and a must try when it's available. The staff is super friendly and there's an array of seating options (large tables  I really do. It's right near my house so I will try it again. Good coffee outweighs mediocre cookies anyday." "This place makes a mean capuchino and great muffins!!!  But... It's always dirty.   I can sit there for a couple hours and never see anyone sweep or clean a table.  Don't think the floor has ever been washed.  Come on I've been here a few times and always had a positive experience. The atmosphere is like having coffee in someone's kitchen. Very cozy. The drinks have a much more authentic feel than the mega-machine known as Starbucks. They also offer several homemade cookies and baked items that they bake onsite. Everything has been tasty and prices are reasonable especially for the quality of what you get. My only mini-issue has been problems with the wi-fi only intermittently working but overall I really enjoy this place.  I recommend going because the complete package makes this place worthwhile. There is not one specific thing that will blow your mind But...updating the review and lowering a star because the wi-if here is useless." "We had tasty breves here and a DELICIOUS cookie! Vibe is nice and calm  not a good place to get any work done. It's been steadily busy since setting up shop at 1130. Normally I don't mind but the people are so loud that I couldn't even listen to my class lectures at maximum headphone volume. So I gave up on listening to lectures and moved on to computer work. Forget using the Internet. Trouble shot for 30 minutes and still couldn't get anywhere. Google was the only website that would work. Nothing else. But when I used my phone  this place makes me want to become a regular coffee drinker just to give me a reason to visit. When I'm feeling the craving for a good cup of joe "Meh. The regular coffee is dark and bitter to my taste. The place seems kind of dirty and tables sticky. Staff serves you but doesn't make you feel very welcome. There is free internet. The place has a bit of an eclectic vibe. All in all Baristas were nice. I'll probably give this place another try. The dessert display was mighty tempting..." Literally every single person working here has an attitude. It's like they hate their lives. Love the coffee. It's a Mt. Lebanon staple. But hire at least one person that smiles. Great coffee shop on Main Street in Mt Lebanon. Coffees were good and atmosphere was relaxing. Nice place to stop in for a hot or cold drink "Horrible service. I have never been treated so poorly in a cafe. The coffee wasn't spectacular This coffee shop is fine -- decently made espresso drinks and I've had no problems with the service. I use this as a backup location when the others in Shadyside are too busy. Not a huge fan of the atmosphere inside... Conclusion: I'm willing to stop by again just for the cookies (but only if I'm already in the neighborhood). Also One thing I noticed:  theyhaven't updated their website in awhile."  really want to like this place but the first time was the last time. The service was horrible and their coffee didn't taste great. I waited for ten minutes at least before the two people manning the cashier bar before I was paid attention to and serviced as they were busy chatting with one of their friends who had stopped in. After getting my coffee  I can't speak for the ice cream.  I'm not much of a sweets guy.  But it's a nice "Jitters has great coffee and a great atmosphere. Its cozy and has a European vibe. There is outdoor seating and the noise level is just right; quiet enough to get work done PS the wait staff was also very pleasant and kind." "Best coffee on Walnut. Ice cream is excellent. Like the other commentators  and have outdoor seating which is perfect for summertime."  or maybe a recent graduate in need of Internet this is the place to go. Grab a coffee and grab a seat inside or outside and enjoy using the Internet as long as you like. NO TIME LIMIT!"  so they must be keeping their regulars satisfied.  I can see myself stopping in here on a whim again  what else do you need?  I avoid the other coffee spots on Walnut either because the staff ain't so hot or it's always jam-packed.  Jitters is cozy and clean  but it does feel a bit crowded in here."  and definitely better than Starbucks. Fun spot for studying I would imagine highly recommend - Ravi and the staff are the best in Shadyside Love this place. Their Espresso is damn good and it's a great environment to get work done. The space is bright and clean and the baristas are also really friendly." But still support small cafs!!!"  appropriate for studying or even just reading your book.  They also have a mute TV that you can watch for example the world cup every 4 years :) or whatever else is on.  I am quiet sure I will be visiting this place more often in the times to come."  and what I love about this place is that most people who come in are regulars. The staff know almost every patron by name (which again speaks highly of the staff). The venue is cute and homey right at the end of the Walnut Street stores. A part of me wishes it was a bit bigger  their choice of music may be distracting occasionally. Bring some headphones just in case."  especially when the weather is nice and you can grab a coffee and sit outside!"  imo--and the atmosphere is nice and relaxed. Prefer this place over the local chains any day."  you'll see that they come from Prantl's.) Employees should be informed about the product they're selling.  Having said that "This place is running the coffee game in this city. Good coffee "Jitter's baristas are very friendly and helpful.  The free wifi is a must for coffee shops.  As a Shadyside resident  the best prices for coffee in Shadyside. Everything tastes high quality and the employees clearly take pride in their work.  They food they serve is wonderful - I love the chocolate chip cookies!" I really love this place. I have come in to get some work and writing done two days in a row and have enjoyed it. It's small but tables are not too close together. Prices are great - quite low. Hot and iced teas are good. Service is good. Bagels taste fresh. Music is not too loud. Great natural light. My new favorite spot. Tons of people stop in for ice cream. On top of this the blueberry muffin was delish. It had an over abundance of blueberries in it and was moist (gross word I know) on the inside. Will come again!"  but we got it."" They were so nice about the child and the cookie that I went back the next day! (And ordered a less crumbly cookie.)" "Nice little cafe. The young woman who helped me was friendly. Coffee was good. Pricey by my standards. Found the inside was a bit sterile. No Really liked this place and the people who work here.  Seems like a tight night family and friends operation.   Decor is awesome.   Out door seating in such a great city is always a bonus.   Coffee is a cut above everyone who tries to be a cut above.   Def recommend this place. Will return when in Shadyside next!"  which is delicious and local. Jitters is a great small business which also supports other local businesses. Check it out!"   have to order decaf.  It would be nice to have a sign outside.  Coffee is great and a lot of local characters in the morning.  This may become my after yoga coffee place."  Jitters is good for a quick coffee to go." Great stop for coffee in Shadyside. Very friend staff and a pretty casual environment. It's still cheaper than most coffee places and is one of the better! Absolutely the best coffee in Pittsburgh. The baristas know how to make a wide variety of expresso. I often just ask them to make me whatever they want and I have never been disappointed. For those that like a little bit of sweets they also serve Dave and Andy's ice cream! Try the affogato for a special treat! Jitters is especially a good place to get some work done because there's free wifi and outlets galore. Definitely worth a trip to Walnut to check out." The staff is also super friendly. I totally recommend this place." "Jitters has excellent coffee as well as a great feeling. Its cozy and has a European vibe. There's outside seating as well as the noise level is just right; silent enough to get work done Best coffee shop on walnut. Quiet and calm with ice cream in true Pittsburgh fashion. I love sitting outside and people watching in the summer. It's a great place to get some work finished or meet up with friends. "Pitiful service. Worst baristas I've ever come across that were pretty rude in their interactions with me and even so far as making me feel like I should 'butt out' of their conversation when making passing joke trying to interject into their chat. No sense even trying to be playful when you'll be met with blank stares since they don't seem to give a shit about who's giving them their tips. It felt like it took fucking forever to make a simplistic iced mocha. Get over yourselves Good selection and service Good drinks and service. Found a dessicated fly in bottom of my latte once but outside of that I have been satisfied. Just hope they look in the cups more often.  but very underwhelmed by the coffee and service. I highly recommend the Caribou Coffee right across the street. The baristas have always been pleasant and the drinks quite good! I have had far better experiences at the Coffee Tree Roasters in Shadyside and Squirrel Hill which tells me that this one certainly can become better!"  right after opening. If you're in the area I recommend it over the Starbuckses (what is the plural of that?!) in Giant Eagle or B&N in the waterworks mall." Will be back to make sure it wasn't just a one-shot off morning for the barista..." The baristas were very friendly and fun too. They had no problem fielding my barrage of questions about their brand." "Good coffee - I'll give them that. But beware when using your debit card here. I don't know if it's their software or employee error One of the best latte's I've ever had. Damn good I tell you. And they even put a little heart with the cream. What do you know. They should have someone who only takes straight coffe orders. They would get more business." Solid coffee choice. A bit cramped for seating and parking can be a challenge both with safety and space availability. Convenient location and service is consistently good.  with quick service.  Priced right too.  Parking can be a little tricky but worth the stop."  eh why not try something new. It was amazing. SO GOOD. I would highly recommend getting your coffee from this place and try the Almond Mocha. It will not disappoint you!!" Always fantastic. I'm there at least once everyday. And they participate with the Loyal Tree app with awesome rewards. I love the drinks but this place is filthy! I might be back here and there for a coffee but I won't sit at stay anymore!  don't be afraid. Awkwardly wiggly your way up to the register and give these guys a try. And a tip. They really are awesome." Giving it a 3* for the staff and good coffee.  I'd give it -5* for location and lack of ease to obtain same."  very small as most mall Starbucks locations are but I like this one best of the two located in the mall as this one is original" This Starbucks introduced me to the proverbial 3.00 a cup of delicious coffee. Once in there I realized quickly why people come back.  The coffee is wonderful but so are the  staff.  Always accommodating and offering a greeting and friendly smiles it's evident the baristas like being there as much as I did. Two thumbs up on this small quaint little place of wonderful "I always visit this Starbucks during my lunch break. Best decision I've ever made was signing up for their rewards program! If you haven't then you are MISSING OUT! FYI it's free!! Basically you can pay by phone. By using this app you can also upload any gift cards you receive  it was extremely busy both times I walked past it. Long line of folks to place orders and a small crowd of people waiting to pick up their coffees."  and is truly a ""grab and go"" kind of place amongst the shops in Uptown. Considering all of the other coffee shops in the area you can find  it is not the kind of place you bring your laptop or book and stay a while. However it is in the Wachovia building which offers several different seating areas & several tables for lounging."  Jackson's is completely different! They offer baked goods and pastries but what I go there for is the coffee. They have different specialty blends every day and their coffee is always flavorful and rich. They are located in one of the Wells Fargo (formerly Wachovia) buildings on the way to the green if you're cutting through over street. If you have to go to the convention center for a meeting or seminar this is the best place to stop and pick up a cup of Joe. Jackson's only has one other location and that's in the University area near UNCC. Like Angel mentioned they do have plenty of seating in the hall. Because more people are addicts of the stabucks and caribou if you need sugar and cream in your coffee you aren't as pressured from people behind you to get away from the coffee bar." They have a couple coffee varieties every day as well as muffins (YUM lemon poppyseed!!!) and store bought bagels.  The prices are cheap and the service is friendly and quick.  There are a few tables to chat or you can chat in the wide hall outside.  They sell cereal too!!!  How fun!" (Ask about the card thingy-majig if you dare.... ekk ekkk ekkkkkkkkk!!!!!!)" 5j704vZBOmW88yJLhnCOEA Very delicious coffee and very friendly service. I had the red eye (coffee with an espresso shot) with the dark exotica blend.  I will no longer be degrading myself by going to Jackson's Java. Today was the last straw. After paying for my muffin (with nobody else in line mind you) the staff began to chit chat I have only had two of the pastry offerings and they were also worth the money as a breakfast. It is kind of tucked away but if you are on that side of Uptown  but they are typically friendly hipsters who take pride in making a great drink."  go support a local chain and feel better than giving your money to the big guys!"  and tasted excessively manufactured. And the third strike is the price - $3 for a medium hot milk? and $6 for a medium cup of raspberry sugar water?? no thanks. Three strikes Jackson's  the shot of espresso is only a $1" Three words. Salted caramel latte. Friendly staff. Amazing coffee. Don't miss this hidden spot if you're downtown near the Wells Fargo Building! Why aren't there more coffee shops around here?!"  unless I'm stranded around J & W with a caffeine-deprived headache.  I agree with Jess that there are exceedingly few coffeehouses uptown." Basically u will see me here out of need of caffine." DSQdYQNlqvgxrEgs460Z-A For a quick cup of joe in Gateway Village x_EAlTmVEbNCxeqTXeEJMQ  coffee is good but not my fav location due to parking Sit by the window or at one of the outside tables if the weather is decent. Johnson & Wales is right here  but this location works just fine for me. So there." "Starbucks at Gateway Village was recently remodeled and it is simply a great place to go for coffee.  It is setup now for ease of entry and exit.  The setup allows you get your order in...and get your coffee and go.  I enjoy the mild Blonde blend and add some vanilla for more flavor.  The new seating areas are inviting.  Great place to have a ""non-business"" or business meeting."  do not go between 7 -9am and 11-1pm. The reason these are peak times is because of the people on break at Bank of American and Johnson & Wales University." The employees were VERY friendly and helpful (there were 3 working and they all spoke and were very nice).  They even held up very well to a bitchy queen who could not be pleased regardless of their ""customer is right"" attempts.  After they remade the drink for a third time A Starbucks is a Starbucks. The workers are all friendly. This location is kind of small. It's super convenient for a lot of the cause walks that happen in Charlotte. (AIDS Walk Come on guys can make a fresh cup of dark roast coffee???" Service was cool & pricing was nominal as well. Starbucks is not the right one for me."  I was helping him with a rude look on her face. I was like ok I'm sorry I thought the other guy was helping him. I've never been to a Starbucks and it took two people to help one customer bit the rudeness appalled me. I go to University area everyday  it is hard to be in love with this location. I've just experienced better at many other locations. I wish parking didn't suck so much and the employees were friendlier." I'm giving 5 stars because the staff is always smiling and friendly- this makes a huge impact on everyone's day as they enter and in passing."  this is the place to go. I came in for a bagel with cream cheese and was served by a friendly barista. They have limited seating inside since it's more of a ""grab and go"" type place The muffins are delicious (though far from healthy)."  really?   All I get for that at Starbucks is a lame scone.   And service here was far superior to the service I get at Starbucks.   The only thing I'll give Starbucks over Coffee Station is the quality of the coffee.     Still  too!  They really make an effort to learn who their customers are and are super nice even when there is a long line.  You can tell they are doing a great business because they have 2 Starbucks Forget about Starbucks. Coming from Miami for a business meeting I stopped here. These are the friendliest people you can find and the coffee is the best. It was a refreshing experience.  Phoebe and the rest of the staff will do their best to make you welcome!" "The friendliest staff I have ever encountered in the service industry  also good prices. Agreed with other reviewers I love this place. I come to Charlotte all the time for work and always stay at the nearby Hilton. They have SO many kinds of coffee tea and always have fresh bananas (my breakfast of choice!) The staff is so nice and friendly too- always cheers me up! "The service here is extremely friendly which is nice given how rude baristas at many coffee bars can be.  They also have wi-fi and a pleasant seating area that gets a lot of sunlight.  The coffee drinks are great and they carry a number of food items like oatmeal Love it! Fun flavors and just not corporate chain coffee! Excited to find this place! Best coffee shop near the Charlotte city area. Great coffee for its price. They even use real white chocolate for the mocha and stuff. Will definitely suggest this coffee shop for my coworkers. I really like this area. I come to Charlotte all the time for work and always stay at the nearby Hilton. They've SO many types of coffee tea and constantly have fresh bananas (my breakfast of choice!) The staff is really pleasant and friendly too- always cheers me up! "My favorite coffee spot in uptown (I frequent a lot of them). Everyone who works there is very personable and nice  Charlotte Coffee Station is more guilt-free than Amelie's - not only will it hit you less in the waist  but chewy and cooked to perfection in the middle. I am so excited to have found this gem and look forward to my morning arrival to the office. Thanks Java Joes!" Traveling from out of town on business. Would normally seek out a Starbucks but found this place in the lobby of the building I am visiting. Love it!  They have many cool flavors and drinks as well as small gifts and the people are so nice. Try the Caribbean Pudding latte.  this Caribou location is a good place to stop when you're desperately in need of a white mocha before heading back to the office. It's somewhat smaller than It is kinda hidden in the Bank of America Plaza so just keep on walking passed Sbarro and the other shops an" Ambiance: In the morning it's like a heard of cattle lining up to get their caffeine fix. The rest of the day it's kind of slow."  and are able to laugh and have fun with the customers while providing stellar service. I used to stop by Starbucks located feet away but  I will continue to visit Caribou where I am treated like a valued customer EVERY time I walk in." To write in bad rhymes!"  and this location is just as great as any! I love the atmosphere in uptown as I do my classwork and interview for internships. So glad there is one nearby campus!" Better than the other coffee shop across the street  smoothies and packaged coffee. It's not really convenient to just drive to and get a beverage but if you work in the Uptown area it's quite convenient. There's usually a line in this place but it goes by quickly and I have no problem dealing with that for a nice  but I can say they have  a much better selection of teas than Starbucks. They also have unique flavor shots like lavander to create an spunky and unique drink to suit your personality and taste bud needs LOL!" Only if there were outlets outside of the shop - then it'd be the bestest of the best  which includes $3 coffee drinks and $1 cookies. Fantastic deals for an afternoon pick-me-up. There's also free Wi-Fi  well-furnished seating area with new furniture and lots of cozy little nooks to sit down and get work done. Oh yeah "Good stop station for a quick afternoon pick me up or a morning boost.  Service has always been good.  Caribou is probably in my top 5 coffee spots but something about the company in general just isn't appealing enough to search it out and grab a cup over and above DD or Starbucks.  Nothing specific The servers are friendly and always welcoming!"  and delicious! Nice location in the Bank of America Corporate Center. And free Wifi!" Caribou is the best chain coffee house hands down! "Been coming to this place in mornings and on lunch breaks almost going on three years now and was quite happy to know that this location was not selected for closing  the interior of the (Bank of America) building is really attractive."  great banter with the staff. Only 4 stars for lack of seating "Obviously they have great coffee and love their cappuccino. The ambience is great as well giving that cabin look and feel in the searing area with the fake fire place. It's cool. Baristas are always cool  late morning I have seen a big line. They also have lots of tables just outside the coffee shop. This is a favorite meeting place for people who work in Corporate Center." Great coffee + great service = happy me." They also offer almond milk and vanilla soy milk on the counter for you to add to your coffee  that would be fantastic. Best coffee. Full disclosure- I like French pressed coffee  but it seems to me there are always lines at the other place no matter what time of day.  At least Caribou can keep their competitors honest by being here." hard to find if you are not local to the area. But they uphold the caribou standards Every time I travel north of Florida I am on the look for Caribou. The hot chocolate is Amazing!!! I stocked up on chocolate chips tins. The coffee is great and friendly staff. Very nice cute little place for brkfast and lunch. My Linda and her smiling face. Best customer service and fantastic people  good service and be on your way style dining :)" qqVmZ3H7j06pcJFaSA4pcg qqVmZ3H7j06pcJFaSA4pcg  delicious food and clean environment. The owner Linda is great. She has an adorable British accent and very hospitable." Breakfast is my fzvititr mesl and Tic Toc is a gem"  the second time they were out of the usual sliced white meat chicken and replaced it with what appeared to be shredded leg meat and finally today they only had half a small to go cup of dressing.  All three of these items seem to be very important to making a salad that only has 4 ingredients.  If I would have known this upfront I would not order the cesear salad.  I guess I should always ask before I order to ensure that they have all of the ingredients.  In addition Me and my boyfriend went there for breakfast one day. He ordered the egg Benedict and it was not great. The sauce on it was lackluster. But the hot coco was amazing :) I stopped by Tic Toc Diner for breakfast today and was very pleased. I ordered the Western omelet with toast and hash browns and I must say that it was fantastic. I love the outdoor seating that is right on the street which makes this place a great way to start off your day!!! The only downside is that this place can be a bit pricey just for breakfast but its worth it!!! I'll be back - very cute little old timey diner!" The first time I went for lunch I ordered the Baja quesadilla and I almost cried because the chicken on it tasted like a dish that we eat in Mexico. Besides the quesadilla my other two favorites are two vegetarian sandwiches Fallafel and Jeniffer  but it wasn't anything I hadn't seen before.  It's just your basic hang out spot for some people watching or catching up with friends."  as well as chocolate coffee beans in little quarter machines.  Don't mix these with a strong cup of coffee or you will be jumping off the walls."  but they have the standard coffee-shop style foods you'd expect...biscotti (Try the grasshopper mint!) and muffins and scones and other pastries."  nobody seems to offer flavored coffee.  Unless you go to a convenience store attached to a gas station (what's up with that anyway?).  Starbucks and Caribou only offer different coffees like dark or light roast.  Nothing else.  I only wished that CoffeeWorks had more than one flavored coffee available for the day.  I saw a wall of glass jars full of many  this is now closed. I understand they are still roasting coffeebeans at their warehouse in Matthews. I have heard that the Ben & Jerry's in the Arbo is selling CoffeeWorks coffee."  go have some wonderful coffee in a warm mug. Bring a friend. :-)" The coffee is great though. So get the coffee and go elsewhere." "OUT OF BUSINESS.  Ben & Jerry's next door is selling Coffeeworks coffee  much cheaper than chain coffee shops. They also have coffee icecubes for the iced coffee! Try macadamia nut coffee Another complaint I had was the slow internet connection. It was very annoying trying to get some work done when the connection kept timing-out. Increase the bandwidth please for those who are willing to sit down and do some studying in your establishment. :)" Cool coffee shop with great coffee and tasty sweet treats I stopped by and decided to get a milkshake there and they make an expresso shake that uses expresso instead of milk.  It was one of the best milkshakes I have had in a while and is a new favorite of mine." "Such a great local coffee shop! Delicious pastries and great coffee selections. (They have coffee ice cubes in their iced coffee!) The staff is friendly and there is never a long wait. I uses to live in a city where there was a Starbucks on every corner. When I moved here Make sure to check out Mountain Island Coffee anytime your in the area!" My local coffee shop owned by other mountain island residents. They will remember you!Everyone is super nice. Wonderful pastry selection. Great coffee. "Great spot to grab a great cup of coffee and delicious snack.  If you're looking a for a place to sit They also have muffins and buns." "Awesome local coffee shop! Wish I could visit daily...you should! Definitely recommend trying them out Great locally owned coffeehouse. Owners are great and it has a Cheers feel to it where everyone knows your name.  but do enjoy the excellent service and espresso. I usually stop in here after getting a haircut." "THE COFFEE IS WAY TO EXPENSIVE! $5 for a latte!!?? I mean it was good but not great I love the coffee and lemon pound cake. Better than starbucks and dunkin. Price is about the same as the two high end coffee places as well.  My fav is the caramel m. They are def. Pricey but worth it!  but definitely overpriced. Thoroughly enjoyed my latte though :)"  and there's no return now that they have shown me the beauty of an espresso shot in my chai!! No more difficult drink decisions!" How can I say this . Amazing tasty fresh and hand made coffee great environment. It's very close and all the employees and regulars are very friendly and open to suggesting and taste testing. I will be back for more Wish Charles and Diane the best and hope that they will open shop in Denver. I miss seeing them when I stop in!!!  but I'll surely not be recommending them to anyone I know."  their pumpkin drinks rock.  There's so much more pumpkin flavor in their hot and cold drinks than other coffee places.  And during the holidays The staff is friendly and there is a good amount of art displayed on the walls (I think it's one of the staff's friends that is a photographer)  tables are comfortable. About the only thing I would add would be a wider selection of pastries H-w8OMEloBosW78_f0f7Hw  and great location.  What more could you want?"  and celebrate with the staff that our favorite location was staying open. This location shares an entrance with a UPS location. Caribou's door is to the left."  not coffee to enjoy. The staff was great and pointed me to a wonderful ""non-coffee"" product! I had the Pomegranate Vanilla Latte (hot). It was made quickly They've single-handed changed my coffee shop preference... I used to always go to the ""other"" shop. Now I'm addicted to their dark chocolate mocha!! :-)" I absolutely love Caribou Coffee especially this location because it's located in the beautiful South Park  Fox Croft area! The baristas here are super friendly and if your looking for a nice place to study or get work done on your laptop this location is not too noisy it has a beautiful cozy cabin feel to it! Love the atmosphere here. I especially like to go in when James is crafting the drinks. Always how I like it. Kudos to a job well done. 4jWP8JTqLCwH5or--KXUeA I go there with my girlfriend to study couple times a month and customer service was great really nice and for some reason know what I get even though I don't a often as I should !!  ever go there again." This is my favorite location of my favorite major coffee chain. Great atmosphere great Baristas! Staff is friendly and helpful regarding options to coffee recommendations and food items."  local business. What's not to love? Typically quiet place with cozy indoor seating and outdoor dog-friendly seating as well. Internet access and space to work if you need it  and gave me a chance to decide on my complex drink. The retail options for sale are so cute! I would have been happy with any of their mugs Love this place great service super friendly and GREAT coffee coming from working at other places & local shops !  but one of my favs!  This place is best defined by an exquisite mount of a male caribou by the restrooms.  Only a few comfy chairs by the fireplace and the tables fill up quickly in this small shop but the peeps behind the counter are very friendly and seem to know most of the regs by name and drink!"  and the staff is super friendly. The only downside is that the noise level is set to deafening in the mornings. It's not the greatest environment for getting work done!" It's a small location located on the second floor of an office building.   You  should be aware of that in case you're new to Charlotte and are looking for your coffee fix.   Just step into the building through the revolving door and take the escalator to the upper level.   You'll find Starbucks on your right when you get off the escalator." Q9j-sZXJI5cqpNo4vJajWA  I recently drove from Raleigh to Charlotte and had to have *something* before meetings...I couldn't wait until I got back to my hotel for room service. So this worked in a pinch. Not something I'd regularly do." "Next time you are at this starbucks branch This location is in the Charlotte Plaza building near Shomars in overstreet mall. This is a typical Starbucks nothing really stands out about this one to make it different. They do try and get you through the line pretty quickly. I feel like I have a shorter wait at this location then the Starbucks near BofA in overstreet. Most of the overstreet coffee places are crowded between the hours of 8:30am-10:30am.  I give this location 4 because they seem to manage heavy volume well in the morning.  The lines move reasonably fast although I am usually just a Venti Bold kind of guy so "This store has gone downhill gradually over the last year. The associates are extremely distant and spend more time talking to each other while people are in line waiting to order. I stood in line staring at a Starbucks associate for up to 5 minutes while she stood talking very loudly about something that had nothing to do with work.  The store was also very dirty.  There was milk and sugar all over the condiment station and trash was spilling over. The cleanliness may have been isolated but every associate's lack of care for customers is what really keeps me from coming back.  I used to stop by this location every day but now it's about twice a year. I choose to give my business to the Caribou located feet away.  The Caribou associates KNOW how to treat customers.  The Caribou associates call me by my name promptly  as I have from others at Starbucks. I may keep my hot coffee choices to Dunkin Donuts Great drink and visit this time. I hope this location stays consistent."  nothing to see here move along.   Although Starbucks in Paris sells mini dollar sized pancakes and man could I go for one of those."  but they do a great job of moving people through in a timely matter. I've always encountered polite employees here  ""What do YOU want?"" Since when is that how you greet a customer?  I asked her if they had any Foldovers and before I could get the whole question out she blurts out ""NO"" without even looking up from her register. At first I thought she was trying to be funny  which has free wifi. You can sit at this Starbucks and use the Brueggers FREE wifi rather than paying for T-Mobile through Starbucks. Be sure you buy a bagel or other goodie next door as well (although Brueggers closes around 4:00 in the afternoon."  and outside seating that's not too noisy.  The selection of savory meal-type food leaves a lot to be desired I really don't visit here unless I have a meeting and even then I try to relocate to the local panera that also has free Wi-Fi or a similar venue.  It just cramps my style."  I have spent many of nights cramming for a test or getting my caffeine fix before work. Since this Starbucks is very small and always busy you have to keep you eye on a table and pounce when one comes available. The baristas are my favorite in Charlotte The location is great.  Its right beside a Chipolte restaurant.  This particular Starbucks is a lot bigger then the surrounding Starbucks.  The wait line is usually a little alley but this place has a open floor plan.  There is 8 round tables with 3 of them being high tables.  3 over sized couches.  1 long table with   6 chairs and on table power plugs.  The only negative really is that its university area so it is busy busy busy in the early AM. Always my first choice when I want a coffee fix." Great coffee and always great service. Drive thru is always fast. Very courteous and welcoming. They also offer wifi with power outlet tables. Never an issue for using your mobile device.  it looked like they were steadily getting people through the line fairly quickly. The new cafe is spacious and comfy and most of the baristas were very friendly. My only complaint is that the barista at the register who took my order was very grumpy and not friendly at all. The guy who made my drink made up for it Speedy drive through when we popped in for a quick hot chocolate. My wife pronounced it one of the best hot chocolates that she has ever had. I would avoid this Starbucks and hit the one on Mallard Creek or Davis Creek roads." GGs7Q2xTSMOq2tRG09Lv7g  and there's a drive through now which is awesome. I never actually go inside because it's so busy all the time and the parking is always full. But it seems like every 1 out of 3 times my drink is either incorrect or poorly made. And when you're going through the drive through you're not exactly going to go back to get it fixed. Very frustrating. I love the iced green tea latte but they never make it the proper way and all the matcha powder gets stuck on the bottom or very clumpy. I understand they are so busy all the time Rude customer service and they denied me something every other Starbucks has always offered no problem. "This is actually the busiest Charlotte Starbucks by sales (fact) and they do well managing the place considering how busy it usually is. Drinks are always prepared expeditiously and for the most part  but maybe 85% of the time my order comes out right. I always pay it forward at this particular location. Everyone's in such a hurry. Why not pay for the person behind you to make things go a little quicker." Starbucks is my favorite. I love it. this place service good coffee and nice staffs. they are very friendly. They can recommended some flavored for you if you want together different flavor. This Starbucks location is close to the UNC Charlotte campus and most importantly has a DRIVE-THRU!!! Sometimes my roommate and I will go out of our way just to hit this location because we don't want to get out of the car! The people that work here seem friendly. It's your standard location with the added bonus of having a drive-thru. That is my pet peeve of some of the other locations. Being from the Northeast almost all of the Starbucks in strip malls have a drive-thru. They are harder to find down in the South.  and most of the time they get the orders right "This is our go-to Starbucks and most items are consistently made.  The staff is super friendly and the location is perfect! The only time I am not fully satisfied is by how long it takes to make food items. It can be a 10 minute difference in getting through the drive thru.  It promotes me to not order breakfast sandwiches because I will be the one holding up everyone else. So "Wait staff is awesome. I was just getting some Pho to go and every waitress asked me if I had been helped. The Pho was outstanding. They sent it home in pieces so nothing go too soggy. They also gave me a huge bag of limes  you've seen them all. This one has a drive through. I was here on a BUSY Saturday morning and they moved rather slowly.  When I was there  go China expansion!).  But they consistently miss the mark on tidiness and cleanliness.  No excuses since you have adequate resources.  You can do better."  same prices - same ridiculous wait times. I will say the last couple times I've gone to this location my order has taken longer than normal and has been watery. I ordered a peach green tea - and all but two ice cubes were melted by the time I reached the drive thru window. Like it had been made as soon as I placed the order This one comes with the Southern charm and awesomeness of the South." I gave 3 stars because it's just a very inconsistent location.  You never know if your drink will be as you really want it- and if you are using the drive through there's usually a reason- you are in a hurry or on your way somewhere!  I have had my drink not as I'd like it many times with no time to have it remade The whole chain of Barriques around the Madison area are wonderful.  This one boasts a fireplace that my friend and I spent hours in front of trying to stay warm last weekend.  The staff was friendly and the atmosphere is cozy.  The extensive wine and liquor collection made me almost salivate. 5 stars. "i agree with kelly. the staff is really knowledgeable about their wines and i love the variety. the atmosphere is excellent. depending on when you go  free internet access and busy enough to not feel strange but slow enough that you can almost always get a seat. Also their wine tasting is a lot of fun and interesting when I want to play adult for a night. The only downfall is that the service can tend to be somewhat indifferent to you standing behind the counter. Overall a great place."  and there is simply no excuse for ignoring a customer in a coffee shop at 7:30 in the morning. The whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth."  but I'm just not sure about the atmosphere. Not that there's anything horrible to report  I'm staying in Madison for my coffees." I love the concept of a coffee shop wine & beer store in one. The tea selection was nice & the atmosphere quaint. The lattes were better than Starbucks (but really- is that saying much?)  despite 3 baristas working at the counter. I'd recommend not stopping here on your way to work  they have a good selection that is fun to browse through  and it is the ONLY coffee shop within a reasonable distance. I now drive 10 minutes out of my way to work to get coffee and breakfast because I refuse to give those people any of my money. Please stay away from this location - this warning comes from a girl who has NEVER written a bad review of any place! Boo Barriques! :("  I'm disappointed...not so with Barriques.  The iced coffee (listed as cold brewed for 12 hours) is delicious.  Dark and strong just as I prefer." Great place to chill...  always quiet and can get lots of work done... Pretty stoked that although salads are pre-made these guys dug out ingredients and made me one from scratch sans dairy. Mucho appreciated! "It doesn't match the layout of the other Barriques and the seating area is a little cramped and sparse.  Still serves the great coffee that I have come to know and love but unlike their other cafe's 1-EIdeHewfEVcpoZm38N8A  the fireplace and comfy chairs are very inviting. Coffee is always good and the Cowboy cookie is a round slice of ambrosia.  Huge wine selection and wine accessories are also a draw."  then gives you access to reliable wifi and leaves you alone for five hours is good in my book." To sum up: Five-stared." Oregon Pinot Noir! Tonight's very affordable wine tasting with Ann Marie as our pourer sommelier. Best $14 you can spend! Now if only there was chocolate!  I realized she missed my sandwich and I was hungry. I waited in line again to check on that and she said that they were making it but she forgot to charge me. She never apologized or offered to comp the sandwich for the inconvenience she just stupidly smiled and charged me again. Now I'm the loser?! What strange customer service! I did not leave a tip. Study the menu lady and realize that I am not getting paid to be here like you are and promptly check me out with accuracy. If you make a mistake "Great place to study and get things done. The fire in the corner is comfy and warm My suggestion would be not to get drinks to stay Left and went to Culvers. Food and atmosphere are a bit less it's my go-to spot for coffee in Middleton.  got my drink right which is rare on the first try! Really like that this place offers SPIRITED coffee drinks! Will have to come back to try them out!!!" I asked for a cappuccino and the milk was sour. Dude thought he should argue with me about it so I got a refund. This beats the burnt taste of Starbucks any day. Great coffee. Perfect shot of espresso. Staff was very friendly and smiling. I enjoyed my coffee here. 5 stars.  they have a huge selection of wines and liquors.  It's a great business model - make everyone happy no matter the time of day." Loved the kindness of the staff and the Mexican mocha dos huevos breakfast burrito. Breakfast all day. Veg options available. Fireplace to stay warm. Yum. Staff does seem a little.....out of it.  Not really all together there.  I would say stoned  I plan to make a greater effort to explore the towns I think I know but actually don't."  I think) right by the door and I imagine someone had left just few seconds before I got there. But there are a bunch of other small lots nearby  but if I have time to kill between meetings in Middleton this is usually where I stop!"  and since we were there for a late lunch we were the only ones not sitting alone playing with laptops. However ShEYKerTwb2LSORE5o_s7A  quite possibly highlight of the food.  I was pleasantly surprised by the whole breakfast experience here.  I wasn't planning on finding such a great place for breakfast in the Prairie Cafe.  Maybe one of these days I'll get a chance to try lunch here too." "I have visited Prairie Cafe several times and love it. The breakfast lunch menu is varies from great egg dishes to tasty sandwiches and salads. Vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike will find somthing satisfying. Good selection of in-house  and have been continually impressed with Prairie. The food is always spot on and the atmosphere is so comfortable. The cafe sandwiches take one step towards gourmet--the tuna and egg salads are made in-house with a little twist from the same old. All are served with a choice of side; I favor the black bean and corn salad. Breakfast is no exception to Prairie's perfection--my scrambled eggs with spinach and pesto were fresh and filling. And it's hard to go wrong with any of the real fruit smoothies or coffee drinks. Prairie is exactly the way a cafe should be."  and the original art on the walls is a nice touch. Great place to meet a friend for lunch. Haven't tried breakfast or bakery but the chai latte was warm and tasty. They also have some vegetarian choices. About a year ago we went and the lobster bisque was really salty "I desperately needed some lunch and came on this gem. I had the Almond Chicken Salad sandwich on a fresh 7-grain bagette with corn & bean salad. The sandwich was amazing. I didn't really care for the salad Delicious food.  Good prices.  They serve Alterra coffee - awesome!  My only complaint is that they don't accept credit cards. "I happened upon this charming restaurant and loved the simple and warm feel of the place. I had visions of an egg breakfast but it was too late in the day The coffee was delicious.  The food was good.  It wasn't the best breakfast I've ever had but it was solid.  Cash only.  flakey and had the best chocolate filling I've ever had in pain chocolat! My husband swore that his mocha was the best he's had in his life. Kind of makes us want to move out here!" Just got back from having breakfast with the girls! It rocked! Excellent breakfast! Two of us had the scramble special & one had a scone - to die for! Great atmosphere! Easy place to meet family & friends and or work! I'll be going back very soon! :)  but it's really nothing special. There are several other breakfast coffee shops in the area (including a Starbucks across the road) and I will be patronizing them instead from now on." My food was surprisingly good but the tuna salad had some odd ingredients. Read my full review! Prarie Cafe & Bakery exists in one of those cafe restaurant purgatories in which nothing is offensive and nothing is remarkable. I'm not running back but will probably return at some point."  as well as good veggie breakfast options. Not the fastest service but worth the wait." Take it. Leave it. Whatever."  scones and eggs.  Also has wifi.  Try the scramble of the day.  Be sure to get there early (or late) on the weekends to get a good seat!  Also ShEYKerTwb2LSORE5o_s7A "I ate here twice this week. The first time with 5 others for a lunch meeting; the second time with my wife & daughter for a light brunch. Both days were warm and muggy so I started with an iced coffee. Well done. Can't go wrong with Alterra. For my work lunch I ordered the CBLT  locally sourced food."  but it was still fun to sit outside on a perfect day  corned beef hash was OK but not great. Service was very friendly and prompt. Nice area outside to enjoy the sunshine while having breakfast." Great Place. Just good quality breakfast and lunch foods. It's a solid three star option with lots of upside if the bakery improves its consistency."  after waiting in line for 20 minutes and taking quite a while to give our order (because it was VERY loud) we were told that it would take about 30 minutes to get our food. Not exactly what I wanted to hear after waiting 20 minutes but fine. When I try to pay I am informed that they do not accept debit credit cards. Cash or check only!! No where on the door or while in line does it say cash or check only! There apparently is a very small sign on the register that says that but there is so much other crap posted in that area 99% of the people there probably never saw the sign. This is just ridiculous in this day and age to not accept cards. Even worse is the BS sign on the register. I will never eat here again just because of this!"  a breakfast sandwich and quiche of the day. Was told drinks would be out in a few minutes but food would take 40 minutes. Don't know if its always like that or if they were just short staffed. But seriously 40 min for a slice of quiche and a breakfast sandwich? We told them just make the drinks Hire another cook and install another stove. Came all the way here from Spring Green--sad face." I know there are places that don't accept plastic (my favorite being The Curve on Park St.) but in my opinion this is simply not acceptable for an upscale place at premium pricing.  Also with so many places to choose from in the Madison area I'm certainly not going to make a special ""cash trip"" just to dine at your establishment." "I think this is a good place to come for breakfast or lunch. The food is definitely homemade and tasty. Straightforward and good quality. I've often had the salads featured on their board and have really enjoyed them. Additionally Nice place for meetings. Many tables spread out through the space. Food is very good. Cup of soup included bread AND pieces of fruit which was a sweet surprise. The salted pecan pie latte is also a nice fall diversion from pumpkin latte. Nice to have another local establishment. Bummed they only take cash as I rarely carry cash and for me that's why a star was lost. "I had the Tuscan chicken & 3 cheese.  Very yummy and served with a side choice.  I chose the sliced fruit.  I can say it was worth the $10...not for just the food but the ambiance.   I'd come back here to try another hot sandwich.   Just keep in mind  and overpriced. I ordered a breakfast sandwich with no meat --  it took 20 minutes and cost $6.75." Weak food for yuppies. Overpriced. Underwhelming.  And you're surrounded by West Siders who should really know better... but of course don't.  a cookie and a kid's meal- at least the kid's meal included the drink!  I will definitely be back to the Prairie Cafe! Don't let the other negative reviews scare you away! The sandwiches are definitely worth it! :)"  but want me to dish out money for checks or ATM fees...makes me mad on principle. And there is a Starbucks literally across the street or other local joints that will gladly take my debit credit cards down the a little ways away that I will now know to frequent instead."  especially the breakfast!  The stuffed French toast special is fantastic.  I may be a bit biased because I've gone there growing up" I went there for Sunday brunch. I had ordered a breakfast burritto and a cup of lentil soup. Both of them were served with a few slices of fresh fruit (pineapple and orange to be specific). The burritto was just perfect. It was quite filling without making me fall asleep as typically happens after eating at brunch places. The soup was good as well although not as good as the burritto. I would visit this place again for sure. "Great atmosphere. Higher end suburban location. Prairie style decoration. Went there on a Friday morning and it is definitely the retiree  hot spot! You stand in line to order but made to order plates are delivered to you by table numbers. I ordered the corned beef hash.very corned beefy--ok with that. It's shaved meat not ground up. Very oniony--not ok with that. And it should have been crispier. Weak on the potatoes in my hash and hubby's side to his eggs. Overall Cheers to all who helped build the culture of this coffee shop   restaurant!"  I must mention that I am completely crushing on the gorgeous girl who waited on me today...  my cup even had a cute lip-shaped sticker on it...  was she flirting?  or was it just a random sticker?  I'll have to go back multiple times and find out." Love this place ...the team makes you feel welcome at the drive thru OR if you run inside for the free WIFI.  yum!Employees are always very friendly. The one thing that disappointed me is that they had a punch card for customers (buy 10 drinks get one free) and I devotedly brought it with me everytime I went there to get it punched. I was one punch away from a free drink when I handed my punch card over to the employee and she said sorry they discontinued them. I was very disappointed. I understand if they discontinued the punch card concept Edit: they were also extremely accommodating when I picked up coffee there with two vegan friends.  They have a lot of non-dairy  quick and friendly service and fair prices. There should be more of these places around. Like the little stickers on the lids too. I think mine said ""bean juice"" today." I go here driving in to the Farmer's Market.  Great mochas.  So big!  So wonderful!  upbeat baristas!  I love this place and I highly recommend it.  The drive thru is very convienent.  And they have almost any flavored syrup imaginable!" A great alternative.  Nice work. i love that they have a drive-thru. i love that the staff are genuinely nice people. i love their tiny little nicely-decorated seating area. and Absolutely love this place! Sadly it is on the other side of town so we seldom get there but the quality is fantastic. High quality coffee I also like that you can now get a little treat like muffins or different breads.  When I'm in the mood for a coffee and sweet treat It's the perfect place to wait and enjoy some R&R if you're picking someone up from the airport and really it's just a fantastic little place all together." They also have a drive-thru option if you're in a hurry." "I purchased the Yelp deal and wasn't able to use it; none of the staff even knew about it. It wasn't a huge deal at the time (though it really would have been nice to use!) "Awful. The sweat panted ( hey put a little effort in to it ) crabby ( if you you think your job sucks find a different one ) ' barista' ( being able to work an espresso machine is not that much more difficult than a mr coffee) at least gave me some fodder for crappy service reviews. Lazy The staff sucks beyond rude. Shouldn't be in business. Don't know how to make drinks. Don't waste your time or money going to this place. The nut job lady in the morning needs to be on meds. It is a coffee shop. also sells yogurt. WiFi did not work. If you need your fix it is better than nothing  Even though they are literally 10 steps from my apartment. Food is ok. Nothing super impressive. The ice cream is ok as well. Hard to want to go there when there are other options with better quality. I have never had issues with the staff. They do seem welcoming at the drive thru. Now  you won't regret it. The barista offered to make an off menu smoothie based on the two I was contemplating and for a second I responded like a deer in headlights. We are all familiar with hearing 'No Substitutions  not walkable. Not prime coffee shop territory. It can't be easy to keep a coffee shop in business up here Ive been here before and the food and drink is ok. Its above average for the area and about what youd expect for a small cafe. The problem i have over and over is the service. The people arent unfriendly just not attentive. Three times ive been in and every time they are under staffed. These poor employees have to run a register and a drive through window at the same time. I cant tell you how many people ive seen just walk out because theyre being ignored for the drive through. They need to work on customer service and scheduling.  and in my opinion she could have open the door and said "" hi I will be right with you."" I say this because I was starting to think the place was closed.   It's ok I guess.  The employee was nice I just think they need help or a staff meeting on how to run the drive thru." I go here regularly and the staff always treat me very kindly. The coffee is very good - they use JBC.  I go here because most of the time I don't have to wait too long at all. I like their baked items as well. They regularly rotate their art and I like checking it out when I come in. It's also generally a quiet place to sit down and get some work done. Think Panera Bread with more of a coffee shop feel. Plenty of free parking."  check this place out. It has a great energy too. Local art and jewelry designers are supported there and there is a cozy fireplace! Good post movie date spot" JPFzpR5PvZWqHXQMIZFk2w  otherwise I would have enjoyed sipping on my java inside instead of on the highway! I am happy I know about this place tucked back off the well beaten path!"  I can't see any other reason to come here."  Greek breakfast burrito and the caprese sandwich are terrific. They serve great local coffee and desserts too. The meeting room in the back can be reserved for small groups (say 10-15). Friendly staff and locally owned."  amazing atmosphere. Food is also really really good!!"  or hot chocolate).  Urban interior with cozy surroundings.  Snuggle up to the fireplace or find a table or up top counter to plug in the computer.  I like the mix of people and the free WiFi while sipping on a Hot Chai Latte.  Kiddie area outside and inside.  Patio area in summer is nice but not shaded.  Back room area is great for 10-15 people and can be reserved."  we'll make sure to stop in for a cuppa Joe."  cookie-cutter Starbucks and experience some real coffee made by people who actually take pride in their job... and check out the latte art before you put your lid on--they're getting good! :)" LwQdrfu4YC2968YwK0CgLw Add some free WIFI and decadent looking pastries and you have the makings for a pretty nifty spot for chit-chat  right next to Princeton Club." Very nice atmosphere. The White chocolate macadamia nut latte was awesome!  I find the coffee overpriced for the quality." Cozy and fun coffee shop. I've had a sandwich and chai tea a few times with a friend here. I have bought two of their coffee cups and I love them. Great place to chill out on a cold day. The staff are very friendly and the atmosphere is cozy. There are tables and chairs throughout and then there are some comfy chairs if looking for a more relaxed seat. If you are in Madison on the East Side this a great place to go." I got a breakfast sandwich and a white chocolate mocha both were so delicious!! skip the starbucks and head over here  they offer their coffee in 3 sizes. With my iced mocha I also ordered a chocolate croissant. Both were delicious and there were so many different choices in dessert that i want to try! Next time Im in the area I am definetly going to have to try their tiramisu!!"  but it is one of my favorite places to write in Madison. The staff here are amazingly helpful. The coffee is fabulous (locally roasted) The atmosphere is very relaxed.  The staff are always friendly and get to know their customers.  You have to check it out." "I was on the east side for the evening and saw Cool Beans. I remembered I had a coupon and decided to try them out. The staff was helpful in making my choice of drink Fresh ingredients! I had the grilled veggie sandwich. It was good but next time I'll ask if they can throw some pesto on it as well. Had a bite of my husband's grilled chicken pesto and can't get the flavor out of my mind...mmm. JPFzpR5PvZWqHXQMIZFk2w  their food is good.  A bit overpriced but there is not a lot of cafes or cute little shops in that area so they have the upper hand.  There are 3 Starbucks in a .5 miles in either direction of the place but I would prefer to support local shops over Starbucks  free wifi and a fire place. What's not to love? It is one of my favorite hangouts!" Pretty good coffee. Quiche was so-so. Fairly eggy and seemed to have used puff pastry as crust. It wasn't as delicate as I wanted it to be. I'll definitely be returning to Cool Beans to mix up my work schedule - they have a lot to offer both in menu and ambiance." I've been here many times and always good. I have the spinach wrap burrito which is very tasty. They have homemade soup and salads that are very good too.  Pastrys are good and fresh. Many choices for coffee and smoothys or you can just have their house blend and add your cream etc. seating is comfortable and a nice atmosphere with fireplace. Plenty of parking out front. I really like this place! "Great wraps and smoothies! I've been going there since they opened. A great place for coffee This is a great place. The coffee is good and the food is tasty. The place is clean which is always a plus. Customer service was fantastic. Highly recommended!  and customer service. I went there today to get some quiet time to get some work done and it was perfect. I had the peanut butter blended drink One of the things I missed living LA having come from Toronto is people can be actually decent to each other. I felt that people here were nice and police without it just being a facade of customer service."  well priced and served in a wonderful mug. The staff was helpful and friendly and the decor quite pleasant. The tables were spread out far enough that conversations at other tables were not intrusive and the overall volume was actually quite low for the number of people present. I will definitely return!" "Stopped here because it was the closest to the freeway through Madison. I prefer non-franchised coffee shops to the big chains.  Best dirty chai (red eye chai) I have ever had! The macchiatos are weird though  but they're top notch. The latte was amazing! Way better than some other places." Great atmosphere.  Nice free wireless.  Awesome coffee.  Good cobb salad.  cozy chairs and couch and a large children's play area."  but definitely don't come for the hot food."  the microwaved omelette that accompanied it was less deserving.   It was served ""Hot"" and topped with fresh ingredients... But the undeniable microwaved texture erased the points for presentation.  I will definitely give Cool Beans another try... And will no doubt look for a menu selection that will highlight one of the River Bakery's multi grain bread's.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The ambiance is warm and inviting  however the service was pretty poor. There were two younger ladies working behind the counter and having a conversation so involved that they barely noticed I was there. I ordered the jalapeno savory scone but got a bacon one instead. And JPFzpR5PvZWqHXQMIZFk2w  it would be nice to see books around. Maybe a free library in the future?"  baked goods are tasty. Skip the corporate coffee and buy local." "This is the probably best coffee shop on the east side of Madison. Great food and coffee  however the food itself was unfortunately a different story. The chicken jerk pita I got was devoid of any basic flavor. It was very boring and lacked any seasoning which was disappointing for something with jerk seasoning in its name. The side of fruit was fresh but didn't make up for the the main course." They used to open on Sundays but not anymore but I still make it there a handful of times a month to study or just pick up some coffee."  very very good! full of flavor and it comes with a side of fruit or salad. don't forget the Free wifi!! plenty of places to sit and enjoy time to yourself or with friends." Another bonus is their meeting room in back that can be reserved with a minimum food purchase. With free wifi it's an easy way to throw together a meeting for your group." I'd give another star if the hot chocolate were more flavorful and another star if the wifi worked EDIT: CLOSING? Nooooo!" I gave this place an extra star because my friends thought their coffee was pretty good." SInce the above entry I have been back a few times. still liking the patio. got an espresso shake and it was all liquidy and melted - no texture or frozen quality at all. Were entirely out of sandwiches twice. I'm taking a star away. :("  the other customers are even great! I do wish they would get gluten-free yummies but other than that the non gf baked goods look and smell insanely delicious. They have really good deals running throughout the week too."  for a pretty penny there are smoothies made with real fruit!"  Zoma's the place for me. The fact that there's easy access from the bike path just adds to the bucket of coolness that's in the corner."  generally welcoming vibe to the place.  The only thing I absolutely loathe about the place is the freakin' VOLUME on the stereo -- the kids who work at this place insist on blasting the stereo loud enough that it's hard to have a conversation inside sometimes.  Especially during non-peak hours when  my stomach let the world know it wasn't doing too well. It happened too much to be coincidence. Anyhow "This place is great for location and outdoor seating and the coffee and prices are very good. But Zoma has a lot of unused potential. The outdoor area is too shabby and is situated by HVAC equipment. Tables are perched on patches of mud which should be round patios like in other parts of the ""backyard."" I'm told The service at the counter was really friendly." Can't wait to go back this summer to sit out in the back and try one of their smoothies!" I think that have a great staff and great customer service. If you haven't been I highly suggest you stop by sometime and give it a try."  but not exactly spotless either (although I accept that for any coffee shop). On most visits Wasn't this place and the attached art store featured in an episode of Portlandia? Check out Revolution Cycles and a weird kinky clothing shop nearby."  an ideal study spot on Sundays. Just enough sunlight comes through the rear doors. Past those doors is the popular outdoor seating. There are a few ""Little Free Libraries."" Bikers can appreciate the location  average. People behind the counter were indifferent at best. I asked for a 'cubano' based on previous reviews and was met with a blank stare and a 'what?!?'  artistic coffee shop in Madison. Love the outdoor seating watching the bikers go by sipping on an iced tea. Their drinks are great. Service is nice  don't like when I get a red eye and I have to put my own coffee in"  an area for the kiddies to play and a place to pull up right off the bike path.  The caf itself wouldn't be as satisfying without the garden but my iced tea was refreshing and they have lots of goodies I am strictly a tea drinker...and the choices here are lacking..but the atmosphere more than makes up for the poor tea selection.  neighborhood feel. Beautiful back patio and large glass doors for when the weather isn't ideal but you still want a view of the outdoors. The food and pastry options are minimal but the coffee is good and I usually only go there for a place to hang out and study. Theres a decent amount of seating but I have had trouble finding anywhere to sit several times already. I also love that they have a few games available as well  the coffee is not fantastic. The baristas are always super crass and I know multiple people whom have applied for positions there and have been turned away because their lack of coffee making skills. So  but was drinkable. Friend said that it is not her experience...maybe a bad make." What really makes this caf stand out is the eclectic artwork both in- and outdoors The cafe itself has free wifi and is right off the capital city trail bike path.  It's cute and charming inside with a decent number of plugs and tables to hang out at and work.  They're also right next to Revolution Cycles so it's a great place to hang out at while they fix your bike next door.  Plus  their smoothies are equally fantastic! Can I just take Cafe Zoma back to Michigan with me?"  so far.  Some reviewers have complained about the coffee; I never noticed it being particularly bad.  It's dark and caffeinated and there is always half-and-half to be had.  The atmosphere here is what really makes it great.  It is sort of like a ""dicey""-cafe with great lighting.  If you're lucky enough to have warm weather I love this place and return there a few times a week." The greatest asset here is the rear courtyard next to the bike path...but it's often not well-maintained and the steps up from the bike parking area on the path are poorly constructed and often treacherous.  I'm glad Zoma is in my neighborhood  I will probably seek out other places to get coffee." Had to park on a suburban street a couple blocks away (a very pleasant walk).  If I come back JqMsFCXEeG_8R4HS4gEu7g I take my granddaughter to legacy teahouse every month so that she can have a good memory of the fun we had.  inexpensive. Owners are some of the friendliest people in town. Great for high tea (thank goodness because this is the only place that serves high tea in Madison). You should go!"  and we picked out 3 loose leaf teas that appealed to my newly acquired taste.  I also got valuable tips on how to make loose leaf tea (put it in the pot and strain the pour-off  and a friendly staff. The hot spot works well for my IPhone." "If you're comparing this to the other Starbucks in the Madison area Great service but turn up the lights.  I know that it is sunny in the afternoon but really???  and Clean. Good drinks too."  and consistant. Easy on/off the beltline. No drive through  excellent customer service!" "I only drink their teas and they are fine. The nice aspect of this store is the employees. They make the difference between this coffee shop and other places. Case in point  but at this location they can not seem to remember they started one. On 3 different occasions I have watched my coffee sit there getting cold. After almost 10 min one time I got an apology... But normally it's about 5 min after it's been done that you get it (after asking). No apology... Just here. It's kinda sad. It would have gotten a 5 star  friendliest staff you will find. It's often busy at 9 am but it's fast as one could expect. I've been to the others and it's no contest  but I think I'll be settling for gas station coffee in the future - it's not worth going back for this and dealing with the hassle." Nice location. Clean and friendly employees. Most of the time it's quiet enough to get some studying done. I like how they have 2 different areas to sit in.  this location was out of many of the Sandwiches Waiting 18 minutes for an American is a bit sad and truly should not be happening at Starbucks.  This is the 2nd time I've been disappointed by this site.  Poor management and training of staff is very evident. "Always friendly and they almost always remember my order! Great job staff Top: there are two doors to enter---one in the back and one in the front."  but the service here is fast and friendly. You can not say that too often about a Starbucks. It is as if they know it is a pain getting in that lot. However  I LOVE Starbucks. And while I don't go pick  up my favorite beverage more than 8 times a month roughly Horrible. One of the worst Starbucks I have ever been to. Bathrooms messy without toilet paper men's restroom. Wasn't busy at the time. Ordered a clover Brewer coffee and the grounds didn't get stirred in well. Worst Starbucks experience. Avoid this one at all costs. Best one I've been to is the one on the capital square.  staff that takes out garbage and then goes back to serving customers without washing hands."  but even I can tell the difference between Johnson Bros. and whatever starbucks crap I usually drink." The fact that these outstanding coffees are sold at very fair prices and can be ordered without shipping costs (order of 3 bags or more) is another reason why I am a dedicated Johnson Brothers Coffee fan."  I consider JBC's prices down right competitive.  I can only hope my finished brew tastes the way Michael's preparation did.  %&* great coffee.  Period." "Excellent coffee! They rival another one of my Madison favorites and come in a close second to my favorite Milwaukee shop. I haven't been to their location I like the fact the JBC coffee has two separate windows for placing orders and picking up orders. It prevents the congregation of a large crowd in front of the cart which makes it difficult to distinguish between those waiting to pick up and those waiting to order. Do expect the drinks to take a little longer than usual though Incredible coffee! JBC has opened my eyes to another world of coffee I'm excited to explore.  and were welcomed with cold brew and drip samples. The single origin cold brew was one of the best I've ever had. We got a tour of the place Do yourself a huge favor and try it! I know Rosie's Coffee Bar & Bakery on Monona Drive serves it. You'll have a brand new experience in coffee drinking." I would say you can buy with confidence here." This is the best place I've ever found for coffee. They consistently have the most 90+ rated coffees in the world. Their prices are great too. About $12-$17 for a 12 oz bag of beans. They are *expertly* roasted and come from truly only the finest stock in the world.  I would say that this is the best coffee I have ever had. Even the aftertaste is smooth and silky  etc.) and JBC is consistently the best of the best! Unless I want to try new roasters from time to time Go in and get some beans!" Low marks for bathroom cleanliness though.  And don't even try at 5 past any hour on a school day; you might as well buy your own coffee plantation  most of the basics have already been covered below....but I must note that their lattes are astounding. I never actually had a latte prior to going here 40KhR3J9snVooFfTdc-8ZQ  and a generally relaxing space for a coffee chain make this a must-stop.  However  did I mention the oatmeal raisin cookies? AHhhhhh no wonder people here are so round." Recently I found a cockroach in the bathroom! Ewww :( It used to be good. But today the barista made me so mad! I was trying to get rid of my extra pennies and he mumbled we don't have all day! It's like a Sunday evening and there's seriously no one here.  It's not busy. There's no line. It's not like I took a long time deciding what I wanted. Sheesh and He's freakin' chatting with another customer right now taking his time. wth? what was this nice service that everyone speaks off? Geez. I'm like a regular too. . . coming here about 5x / week. UGh I'm so MAD  i'll be a good little graduate student and pay a visit to the espresso location on oregon and goodwin where the coffee is always perfecto."  I decided to become funny. It balances things out. The same advice goes to ER for making horrible latte and really not even giving one ounce of effort to train their staff in latte-making. Foam the milk  but it's a must-see-stop whenever I'm back in the Chambana area."  and they're very generous with it.  I'm sure I'll be back at least once a LEEP weekend." "The obvious choice for GSLIS students and staff; we're heavily caffeinated. Good place to grab some coffee between classes. 95% of the staff is wonderful and very friendly  but a cute shop close to the action on campus.  Baristas were a little cranky "Stick to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts.  All of the Espresso locations on campus are dirty  good stuff.  I'm not sure why it took me so long to frequent this place."  there isn't much room to peruse the menu before walking up to place your order.  I really enjoyed hanging out at this coffee shop and look forward to it again during my next visit." Love to get coffee here whenever I'm in Champaign!  and the place looks like a grad student's apartment: a strange mishmash of chairs that sort of fit together. At least it's not another Starbucks?"  and all that came out was the grime residue on the inside of the pipes that got blasted off by scalding water. Then they took a huge vat of skim milk and burned the crap out of it and mixed it with water. They combined the two in my cup. I asked for less milk  but there isn't really anything here that makes it different from Starbucks in my opinion. I'd love to see a coffee shop that sells coffee at much cheaper prices; that'd be a dream."  you're out! I've given this place three opportunities to 1. Provide service with a smile and not an attitude. And 2. Provide a drink that I could actually swallow. Ick. Sop. Bring the mop! I can drink anything "I think the food is way overpriced for their quality: sandwiches are soggy and blah and they use blah deli meat. As for the coffee... I don't know what to say. It's caffeinated. Sure. Other than... I avoid getting the espresso drinks (cappuccinos  you get a lower quality cup. With the Starbucks right down the street it is not worth going here. The only day worth visiting is on Wednesday because they have one dollar lattes. The seating is pretty cramped. I have no complaints about the staff. They have been very friendly."  this coming from a loyal Starbucksite for over 5 years of daily Starbucks."  but that's how the all are! I go here instead of the slightly closer to my office Starbucks every time." "A little shop on the triangle where Neil Street and Walnut Streets converge.  They made great use of the space.  Lots of teas of course I've been going here since I was literally a wee one. I used to go for the Walker's shortbread but still go for the teas and other treats. The owner is awesome (and even remembered me on my last visit). It's a great little shop.  know that the ""secret hour"" exists if you have that craving for Gustav's soft licorice drops at 4:30 on a Saturday." "Cute shop. Lost a star for having tea that expired A YEAR AGO! Check the date before you buy it! I did buy some tea still  it's hard to not compare WSTCo to some of the fantastic tea supply shops I've found in the world.   Places with much better and more varied stock  this place may not be all that impressive in the products they carry  tea is light sensitive. The teas I bought from the jar taste stale and bad."  but I liked this place a lot. The store alone has a ton of character and it's just charming in itself. I also loved the array of chocolate they had. It would make a great place to go to find some uniquely delicious gifts. Mmm!" bmGEYg9Xw9XmCQXgeZ_Pyw  and avoid teas and other herbs that are sold in clear glass jars.  This shop does have a sale table for the out of date foods and teas with awesome sale prices which I often take advantage of Really cool place with lots of delicious tea! The staff is really friendly and they seem to know what they are talking about."  home made goods and my favorite tea made this one of my new favorite shops in the area. The selection of teas was nice but I agree with the other reviewers that the storage of it was a bit off. I bought a couple ounces and can't wait to try it! They lost a star with me because of the crowded feeling I got"" there were maybe 5 customers other then my boyfriend and I in the store. There was an employee blocking a good deal of stuff I wanted to see stocking stuff on shelves and overall I just felt squished. Pleased with everything else tho!!!" So many options of tea to choose from. The shop isn't crowded most of the time but when it is crowded it is hard to move around the shop because there isn't much space to move around in. They do have coffee but just like the tea it doesn't seem to be stored correctly. This is a great little shop to get gifts for your mom or grandmother. The items might be a little overpriced but if you like tea you are sure to find something here you like. A pleasant shop that expresses a great interest in the complex and ancient art of tea. The Walnut Street Tea Company offers a surprising plethora of unique and special teas that are sure to keep you absorbed in your explorations. You should be able to find  what you're looking for in the realm of tea and the prices are as they should be.  just a little bit for sampling. Drinking one of them right now - superb quality  though I myself stayed in the tea section. Just tried a cup of their raspberry mint tea and I'm love. I wish I lived closer so I could come here more often!"  the woman who I always see behind the counter (I assume she is the owner) has always been super friendly and sweet. I hope this adorable corner teashop is around for a long "A wonderful shop with wonderful customer service. Fabulous variety of loose teas & coffees. Quaint tea pots  the woman who I always see behind the counter (I assume she is the owner) has always been super friendly and sweet. I hope this adorable corner teashop is around for a long  and staff to make the perfect atmosphere.  With so much variety of food and drink there is always something new to try.  And every cappuccino I've had there was expertly prepared; this is NOT Starbucks.  I like that it us just far enough from campus to keep it from being a kids hangout.  Parking is a little tough sometimes  you might well prefer Kopi over the other also-great alternatives on the same block." "This is CU's top-notch coffee shop. They have delicious hot and cold drinks and wonderfully fresh pastries. If you want to get some hardcore studying done the doorway to circles" My personal preference in caf atmospheres is one where each table feels like a cozy and isolated space and I do not find that Kopi's atosphere lends any feeling of coziness or isolation.  All of chairs are made of wood  that's true. No couches to encourage settling in for the long haul. That's probably good for business though; nobody would ever leave otherwise."  but the occasionally cheap Cafe Miels and the tuna salad salad make up for it most of the time.  The ambiance is great Nice atmosphere but not so nice hot chocolate. I can be a food/drink purist sometimes and I didn't like them using chocolate sauce for my drink. Eww.  and you've got at least four stars.  The fact that employees' health coverage is fully paid by the company (or was when my friend worked there) easily rounds it up to five.  Supporting a business like this made me not just well-caffeinated  friendly service. I'm sipping a mocha right now (pretty good I must say... sounds like Beirut?) and nibbling on a slice of blueberry bread (very yummy)  this is one of the few places in the mid-west (apart from Soma in Bloomington IN) where they actually know how to both extract espresso correctly AND heat the milk perfectly. Depending on the barista you might even get some pretty foam/crema art action going on. Love it."  dusty darkness inside is a real turn off when I'm trying to work.  I will go to Kopi for a chat with a friend A thousand times better at night when it's brightly lit.  Afternoons are gross. I prefer their house coffee to their ""Coffee of the Day"".  I still haven't found a ""Coffee of the Day"" that I prefer to their house coffee."  the ambience is all wrong. Its super dim and crowded ambiance rubbed me a little the wrong way. It's a good place to have a chat with a friend  scotch enthusiasts:  they serve it.  I know.  Odd.  But delicious." Recently revisited this place and it really hasn't changed a bit - it's still among the best."  I must rave about it! Great atmosphere with regulars and they don't mind if you camp out. I second the praise of the Mediterranean sandwich too! All they need is to start serving chocolate cookie scones and I'll be in paradise..." The sandwiches are a little expensive for the portion size yzInxReAkf7r0aRbwj02Yw  but it's so overcrowded with tables that it's hard to maneuver through. I guess I'd try this place once more  and this place is my favorite!  I love the decor "Good coffee. Not as strong as I'd like  I'll be back to Kopi!"  but they have good ideas (like today's pumpkin apple soup). Prices are a bit high: a half spinach salad with about 1/4 cup of tuna salad with a balsamic vinaigrette and a cup of that soup plus a large black coffee was $8.50 or so pre-tip. Get a sandwich with a small salad side and coffee and you are north of $10 real quick. If these prices don't make you immediately balk  priced about the same as Starbucks. Daily specials are on the cheap side. Food and pastries are good but a little overpriced. Definitely one of my favorite places in Champaign."  if I remember the name correctly).  They serve it in pint glasses (which I always found a bit odd).  I got a Brie and turkey open-face sandwich I did not think much of the decor/atmo/etc; many seemed to like  if you want cream cheese it's $1.10.  Huh?  $1.10 for a condiment?  I also made the mistake of purchasing a granola & yogurt cup for $3.85 because it looked particularly good.  It had minimal fruit  but I return here frequently to get studying/work done. I would recommend this place to others."  this place *could* do better in the espresso department. Something is just not right about the espresso; it has a metallic taste. Machine needs cleaning perhaps? Needs filtered water?" If only we could combine Aroma Cafe and Cafe Kopi. Then downtown Champaign would finally have the perfect coffee house." yzInxReAkf7r0aRbwj02Yw "I love this place!  I always stop in when I'm in town (which isn't very often).  The drinks are always delicious.  This last trip was the first time I got food  they have consistent closing hours at midnight. The reason for four stars is that it can occasionally be a hit or miss on the quality of the prepared drink. Also  Oregon and I was worried about finding good coffee in Champaign.  Not to worry - Cafe Kopi has great local coffee  good drinks. I love the Cafe Miel and the mate latte." "Love this place. I used to live basically upstairs and this was my go to spot. The atmosphere is very chill  also try the cold brew coffee sometime."  Kopi mgt. is trying to finance their expansion (and possible recession-related dip in sales) by raising prices. They doubled their footprint when they moved into the place next store  and coffee for when Im in the mood to switch up.  The food is pretty scrumptious too.  There are outlets along the walls tables so I dont have to worry about my battery.  All in all I say its a great substitute for what I was used to.  Enjoy!"  get the Chai latte with soy and no honey. AND THEIR CHOCOLATE FOR MOCHAS ARE VEGAN!  Every time I go there I make sure to get a mocha with soy because most places don't offer vegan chocolate!"  it's very chill. Their coffee isn't bad and the service is pretty good. Also  and they were so thoughtful to not give me too much ice without my having to ask. The drinks themselves were rich and delicious. Their ice water was wonderful with sliced citrus fruit in it I think Basically: I really like this place.  If I didn't have to pay for metered parking mon-fri I would probably be here everyday."  I can get some work done here. Hip and what not but still a good place. Don't order the food unless you are desperate."  and it remains a great place to hang out.  Still a great cafe as far as I'm concerned  just all my experiences turn me off to Cafe Kopi." They make a good Chai Tea Latte and their Cafe Miel is delicious (a bit sweet though). The sandwiches are decent (had the Turkey and Gruyere.  the expansion has made it much more comfortable to stay and have a drink. The coffee is always decent. I enjoy the tuna melt as well. Both are not fantastic but very solid. However  but also a little frayed around the edges. It's like a very good diorama of a coffee shop made by someone who has seen one in a movie or read about one in a book.  The coffee is just ok." My favorite sandwiches for lunch--great Mediterranean and grilled cheese + tomato sandwiches.  if not in the country ;D"  it's 25 an hour two blocks north next to the parking lot." Everyone seemed quite pleased with such nice food and atmosphere in the middle of a 9 hour drive.  A nice break from fast food; much healthier but still very affordable and the staff was very friendly too." I came here with a friend hearing good things. It's a great place to come study and get off campus. The drinks are pretty good. I had the mango Italian soda. It's fizzy and sweet. This place is pretty quiet so don't expect to come here and have a full out conversation. The staff is super friendly and knowledgable. I will be back as I miss my daughter and just coming here would be enough of an excuse for me to head south on 57!"  and it gets busy often. I always get the coffee of the day; today it's a creme brulee. Sometimes it's a chocolaty blend from Nicaragua or something strong from Peru. I'm probably making this up. There's Wi-Fi  and the food isn't half-bad either.  I particularly enjoy the basket of sliced pitas with hummus - their hummus is amazing!  Also  then yes... this is probably the right place. If you are connoisseur of coffee  I love cafe Kopi and hope that it will be alive for ever." I had some time to kill a couple times in Champaign. I tried this place and also Cafe Aroma. Both were nice but I definitely would go back to Cafe Kopi. It's as good as it gets with regard to coffee houses. Huge seating area so it didn't feel crowded and I didn't feel pressured even during peak hours (although it was a weekday so I can't address possible weekend crowding). The food was really delicious and the coffee was excellent too. The atmosphere was very pleasant and the people seemed good-natured. I definitely enjoyed my hours here and would like to return next time I'm in the area.  I had the misfortune of finding a piece of a plastic wrapper in my mocha.  This along with the dozens of flies in the shop (as well as in the food case) convince me that sanitation and cleanliness are not high on Cafe Kopi's priority list. I'd remove this from your list of coffee options when visiting Champaign-Urbana." This place would definitely get another star if it were easy to find a seat. Every table in the place has 1 person sitting at it with an empty coffee cup and a MacBook Pro- you could make a great commercial about it. There were literally no tables to sit at and no one appears to vacate a table during peak thinking times. Great if you grab a table early  some of the best I've ever had. Very unique flavor. Incredibly helpful and friendly staff. Everything I ordered was suggested to me by the man taking my order. The turkey sandwich he suggested was absolutely delicious. Wish I lived closer so that I could come here more often!"  too. I will say that I am not a fan of the food here. I think it's overpriced and sloppy. The baked goods especially are almost inedible- I wish they would just get pastries from Pekara a block away! Once I had an oreo brownie here A big thank you to Kopi-for making Saturday mornings a time we look forward to!!!"  minus the lack of seats.   If you find one "I've recently been experiencing very hit or miss service. When done right  nothing like a glass of wine to help ease the pain but NO MORE. haha and thats fine. They recently expanded the coffee shop so now they can fit twice as many people as before. They do a great job with their coffee and my favorite latte is the  MIEL. It is a mix of vanilla and honey. Let me tell you... it is perfect. I get it every time I am down in Champaign. I don't think I have ever had another latte like it anywhere else. And I used to work at a coffee shop in Chicago. I even tried to replicate it once but it didn't come out the same. They close at midnight every night [at least they use to] so it is great for some college cramming. Plus their food is organic and delicious."  but there's nothing to really recommend it over any of the other coffee shops. The beverages are better than Espresso Royale "Great place for late night studying since they're open until midnight! I love the big room with little lamps at the tables. Also Good coffee and hot drinks. Breakfast menu leaves a bit to be desired. Something other than pastries? Very delicious and not too sweet drinks! One the cutest and coolest coffee joints I've ever seen. The baristas are awesome. yzInxReAkf7r0aRbwj02Yw Stop in and see if you get that ""I think I'm going to like it here"" feeling yourself!" If you're looking for a place to chill downtown "I think Cafe Kopi must be the most overrated coffee shop in town. Yes The very best part about Kopi-- its crowning glory-- is that the music is kept at a study level volume. It's hard for me to concentrate at the other popular coffee shops because the music is so loud." This is a great study spot with good coffee. It has a great cozy-coffee shop feel. They have a lot of power outlets and the music is not overpowering. My favorite thing to get here is the chai tea latte. The customers have this mutual understanding that it is a study spot. If you need to cram many hours for an exam kopi provides the right environment.  found it here.  Also a great selection of snacks and light meals.  Would go again when in the area." I thoroughly enjoyed my time at Cafe Kopi. I was there on a Tuesday afternoon for a couple of hours. Internet speeds were great and the food was fantastic. I ordered a turkey and Swiss from the sandwich menu. They have free cucumber or orange infused water. The art was beautiful and the atmosphere was on point. 5 stars from me! yzInxReAkf7r0aRbwj02Yw  for my needs today. Fresh made food items and great coffee also. I had the goat cheese sandwich with pesto on side. Really good. Friend had the brie/turkey sandwich and said also very good. Great service here from entire staff. My kind of coffee stop. Thanks folks. Well done." "One of the greatest places for coffee in town. And they open till midnight  with spacious outdoor seating. Staff was friendly and my drink came out quickly. Prices are reasonable - at least compared to Chicago! I didn't order their pour over or brewed coffee Wifi is rather slow. They should password-protect it." "This espresso is divine. Not burnt like some places. It's just delightful  the atmosphere is what makes the place worth the trek. I live locally and often go to Kopi to study for tests. The cafe is warm and inviting If you don't have time to have a drink "My husband and have been vacationing for the past 3 weeks  and I even gave them a tip!  I'd rather go to starbucks where at least you'd expect that poor service.  Avoid until they get over themselves."  or mocha lattes. It's in a great location downtown and very close to the terminal in case you need to come by bus. I've been going here quite often for studying or just to grab some coffee. It was great that they open late (until midnight) on most days." Good coffee and environment with internet to do work. Love the wood table and chairs. "Hands down my favorite cafe to get work done. Closes at midnight and plenty of indoor/outdoor seating. Need a study break? Order a panini and salad. Getting sleepy? Grab one of their caffeinated drinks. Nice employees  I got a mixed berry slice of pie which was pretty good.  Cappuccino was also perfectly acceptable and hit the spot.  I like the outdoor tables.  My little brother got solicited for cash by a street peddler (another patron complained to the barista and it looked like the management was going to talk to the individual but the guy walked off).  There's a lot of little coffee shops in the downtown Champaign area but I liked the vibe of Caf Kopi." "Awesome coffee with a great selection of different blend as well as ""sweet"" coffee beverages. They have a ton of teas "Cute place and great coffee. I ordered a latte with almond milk. Very good! Not many places offer almond "Lots of tables and great selection of drinks.  The music is softer than a few other places in town.  Sometimes a little cold.  Around lunch time "One of the best cafes in Chambana. I specifically love their teas and lattes. Very interesting urban feel to the place. It's perfect for a quality cup of coffee and a desk to get some work done. Literally  there's a ton of drink options on their menu boards to conquer next. Service can be a little lackluster at times but my drinks have always been made correctly. I usually duck in for my drink and hit the road after so I can't say much for the atmosphere long-term The one downside is that the place gets a ""little"" packed around midterms and finals but usually if you wait a little bit a table opens up."  or people watch. This place has been around for a long time & always has a comfortable atmosphere. The drinks are good. Food is ok. Free WiFi. Drink & food specials on the chalkboard at the entrance of the caf. Can be crowded & loud at times."  and a plethora of electrical sockets. For a multi tech person teetering on 15% battery at all time "My sister and I stopped in this place before taking a bus back to Chicago. They don't serve any of their sandwiches before 9am My only complaint was that the place was a little crammed! But I had very high expectations going in "My favorite coffee in town. I'm one of those daily visitors to Kopi that just never thought to Yelp. I appreciate their consistent presence in downtown Champaign. Staff is always on point. While I rarely vary from my large light roast I like coffee. I like vegetarian food. I like good places to hang out and enjoy both of these things. This place has that. Plus sweet sugary treats. Low key. Nice vibe. Be there.  Cafe Kopi is the best in town. The staff is extremely knowledgable and helpful and I've yet to be disappointed by a drink or pastry purchased here. My only regret is that I had started coming here sooner in my academic career so I could've spent more nights studying here drinking great coffee." I ordered the Caramel Latte and Tuna Salad Pita with tomato soup as a side. The Latte was served in a clear tall coffee mug and wasn't too strong but tasted good. Now as for the Tuna Salad pita- hands down the BEST coffee shop food I've ever had!!! It was fresh  chat or get a good cup of coffee. It's very similar to aroma cafe and pekara bakery in the area. They have a larger seating space than the other cafes though. I got a cup of coffee and a bread basket with Brie when I went here. The bread basket was pretty substantial for the price I paid and the Brie was great! Really suggest going here if you want a comfy place to finish work at :) it's not so close to the U of I campus I did check my bank btw and they told me that no failed transaction even made it to their system.  They said it could have been a bad reader but the person also may have just entered it wrong (apparently since the chip is new Love the atmosphere here. So relaxing!!! Coffee is delicious and services are very friendly. Highly recommended!! "I really love Cafe Kopi!! I also love their chai latte! IThis place has a very cozy feel to it! In addition to the free wifi Had a delicious light lunch after the Champaign Historical walking tour in April. Tuna melt and soup were delicious. And that was the first real live cream soda that I've ever had. THAT WAS AMAZING! Please try it.  but I did say I'd try something different- and I did. The Cafe Miel is out of this world delicious and even better than some mainstream latts ;) Yes the cafe Miel has vanilla  and sketches hidden in the drawer. It's so cool seeing what other people have left behind. Check it out!" The best service ever! Once I came here extremely sick and I kept coughing. The servers kept hearing me cough from the other room and made me free hot tea for my throat! That definitely took my by surprise and I can't say I've met nicer servers.  BUT the lady with bright red hair and choppy bangs definitely had a couple screws loose. I specifically said I wanted my iced latte was with soy and for dining in  and it was the perfect spot. Free wifi with no password required. They also had plenty of seating. My only knock is that while I enjoyed the cold-pressed iced coffee  and the donuts are all always exactly like you'd expect from a dunkin' donuts (when they actually sell them.)" Dunkin Donuts iced coffee is cheap and rad. This location is convenient and is hardly ever busy. Too expensive for what it is.  I had the ham and cheese flat this morning and it was the worst breakfast sandwich I have ever had in my whole entire life!!!  The ham was just awful and there was way too much cheese. I will certainly never go back for a breakfast sandwich. Hehe.  I love Dunkin' Donuts. Almost never have to wait inline here - great speedy service and they always have what I want ready to go.  not all the donuts are in stock at a given time. I was just there and didn't even see glazed yeast donuts (the classic).- just glazed cake and the glazed minis. I appreciate having someplace to grab a snack with early morning Black Friday shopping."  but coffee from their drive thru is always delicious and quick."  there service is pretty good except the fact that they don't speak the best english." Friendliest dunkin in town!  They all know my order by heart and greet me with a smile EVERY time!  They got my business from ine of their competitors simpky by being so nice.   Get an iced tea with a turbo shot...no need for anything else to start your morning! The donuts here taste stale and the employees aren't the most welcoming people. This location seems to be out of the donuts I want consistently. This place is really fast with their drive thru service and their indoor service. I enjoy getting the $1 coffee. Their breakfast items are good. I like their egg and sausage croissant. Dunkin donuts coffee is best enjoyed with cream and sugar.  so brought bike in.  Did not allow it and could not offer an alternative location.  Usually go in car The donuts are stale Monday-Saturday. Sundays they are fresh. Why do they keep putting them out??! Love the $1 coffee and The egg and cheese croissants. The service was great and the treats were too! We came in at about 9:50 PM (10 minutes before closing) and the staff was very happy to help us! They served us quickly and with a smile. They even offered us some free donuts since they were about to close. I was pleasantly surprised at such great service this late at night!  lack of free wireless makes academic types very sad. Nearly every other coffee shop around has wireless "fun place to stop for a treat if you're trecking across campus.  perfectly located just off the quad on wright st.  pretty good flavor and rather fresh.  they stopped making my favorite  piece in their collection; the earl grey truffle The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that it is a bit over priced. $10 for 4 chocolates. Know what you're getting into." "This place has a variety of exotic drinks and chocolates but it is kinda pricey. I could have gotten better chocolates at that price elsewhere because theirs taste like Hershey's. The drinks are worth trying but it is not great. I love that they have a nice view from the second storey especially but they DO NOT offer free wi-fi. So  I'll be both! Their dark chocolate bars are pretty cheap and pretty yummy. I think I'm going to make this a regular pit stop from now on. The guy at the counter's pretty nice and patient too... though I guess this is the trend in small towns like Champaign."  I just remembered that the last time I was pulled in there by my fiancee because she ""had to have something sweet"" I went to sit down in one of the big chairs to wait for her and there was melted chocolate all over it. Not cool."  no wi-fi.  Are coffee places even allowed to not have wireless anymore?" "Bittersweet review.. I loved Moonstruck!!!!  I really missed having a chocolate cafe around when I left Champaign.. I loved the dark chocolate circles resting on the pillow of whipped cream floating on a dark chocolate heaven of delicious creamy liquidy chocolatey goodness.  I also loved the times when I was able to indulge in an expensive bite of a chocolate truffle (especially loved that dark chocolate truffle shaped like a cute little dog).  I had discovered there was one in San Francisco  but I can't give it any stars any more because it's closed!  That seemed kind of sudden!  I wonder what happened / what is going to go in there instead.  Panera pleeeaaasssseeeee." What?????  Moonstruck is closed?????????  That was my favorite date place ever!  Their vanilla icecream sundaes with chocolate fudge are to die for... no joke!!  I will never find a place that even comes close to how amazing their sundaes are when I'm on my cute lil dates with my boyfriend.  I never want to go on another date again =(  your'e like that kid in high school I felt ambivalent about only to find out he's now in jail.  I'm sad for you  but those have been back on the menu for a while. I have tried about everything on the menu and love it. I started coming here since the early 1990's when I started working at County Hospital.  I go less often now that I have retired  this is a link to their Web site http://bit.ly/cLvlvG" I don't like how the line is laid-out. The path from ordering and paying to picking up your food and drink is convoluted and annoying. They could improve their flow and ergonomics and make take away some of the anxiety I feel before going there--and thus I might go there more frequently." "Nice menu. Nice clean ambiance. The food is just okay. My recent experience was the chicken enchilada lunch special which was served tepid. It should be hot. The chicken was canned and it reminded me of tuna. The whole thing didn't sit well with me. I'll go back in a pinch Cranberry Hills - will you marry me!?" "Cranberry Hills is nice because they deliver. However nice place near the house  and the news that was on the TV with one horrific story after the other -- not something you want on over lunch. Had to go to another place afterwards since I was still hungry. Won't be coming back here unfortunately. :(" We WILL be back and I'm going to suggest this place to cater our next meeting to our admin folks.  It was amazing!!!" The food is good. Employees are great. "I discovered this place about 4 yrs ago. The food is always fresh and top quality.  It is always delivered fast and efficient.  my order is prepared exactly how I request it.  I have ordered the salads I would definitely order from here again!" The owners are there every day  but the Gyro meet wasn't a gyro.. It looked like a hamburger meat.. Not touching this.. They're getting 2 stars only for customer service."  was a totally different story.  I placed an order for a Water Chestnut Tuna sandwich and received a Veggie sandwich.  I called to have them fix it and redeliver and spoke to Monica.  Monica reviewed my order for a Water Chestnut Tuna sandwich and said it would be delivered.  The second sandwich was another Veggie.  I called again and spoke to Monica again.  This time she snapped at me and told me that I ordered a Veggie sandwich.  I asked how they could even be confused since they sound nothing alike?  After telling me that I couldn't talk to her that way I highly recommend it!"  but the lady on the phone told me it would only be 15 mins. Fast forward 50 minutes later they FINALLY arrive. 2 stars because the food is decent. Delivery service is ridiculous." The grllled cheese is never grilled to crispy.  It's two pieces of mushy bread with the false hope of it being crispy by the faint grill marks and semi- melted cheese in between.  The fries are usually lukewarm. "Awesome customer service and delicious food! I work in the same building and I all I can say is everyone is the office goes VERY often! Food quality is so good I like going to a place where the owners get to know you and they do exactly that! They appreciate their customers and I appreciate them!" I love this place. I work nearby and have eaten here many times over the past 10 years. The food is always fresh and the staff and owners are friendly and know many of their customers by name.  and everything thus far has been fabulous.  I have a pet peeve when it comes to the bacon I get for breakfast and these guys cook it fresh!  Their soups  they didn't have the side I wanted so they actually called me and asked me if I would prefer a different side instead of just throwing something else in there without consulting me like so many other restaurants involved with Grub Hub have done to me in the past. Even if I had ordered something I didn't like I would try this place again because they actually care about you. On to what I got; The BBQ bacon burger was pretty good "BEST CLUB SANDWICH I'VE EVER HAD! I ordered the Sandwich for delivery  and he's a very nice and friendly guy. You can tell when someone is being nice just because you're a customer  and they are always extremely accomodating! Yesterday I had a meeting that added a few people at the last moment (an hour before the meeting started)- so I was able to call in an get more added to our order quickly- and then we had a change after our meeting started so I emailed them with the change and they responded immediately. Very helpful!" "I ordered using Eat24. Food took over an hour. I asked for a call OR text when the food was delivered in the notes section of my order. I received neither. My order was also incorrect as I asked not to have ice in my drink. The owner/manager suggested I call instead of using Eat24. No  and turkey and swiss on a croissant.  Yum!"  it took an hour. The food was cold. I had soggy French Toast. They had a container that was yellow like butter but looked like oil. The chai tea was lukewarm but tasted okay. The hash browns were shredded potatoes "We've been ordering from them for years. They also recognize my voice when I call and are always polite. I must say that they have some of the best food in town. The main cook "Came to this cool little place tucked into a medical plaza right on 7 street and the I-10. A friend of mine recommended it do I had to stop by. They have a pretty large menu for breakfast and lunch and they deliver as well but I just stopped in and had a ""steak and everything"" which is a Philly sandwich and man was it great. The bun was soft and fresh and the meat was flavorful. The menu was so large and there was so much I wanted to try Bottom line: Menu is expansive. Burger and fries were average. Delivery is fairly priced and quick." "I just revisited Bitter Creek after many years away.  It was a favorite of my parents for as long as I can remember.  I remember them raving about the Philly cheese steak on numerous occasions and was fortunate to enjoy it often as a child.  I just went back and was happy to see all of my childhood memories still intact on the menu AND MORE!  I took several co workers with me and all of them raved about the food on the way back to the office.  Im excited to see that the great restaurant where I could once only order a great cheese steak has a huge variety of must try entrees.  The staff was great Super clean restaurant with great healthy options.  2 cookies and a drink.  The order was ready when I arrived and the owner was pleasant and sincere.  I will definitely order from them again soon.  Maybe even today?  It's after lunch and I haven't eaten yet...." Was there 11/27 with a groupon. Ordered the Philly Cheese Steak. It was unremarkable. The meat was salty and tasteless. The cheese ended up adhered to the paper wrap. A good cook knowing his business would be aware of this issue. The bread was average. If it was not for the groupon they would have gotten the sandwhch back. I took most of it home and fed it to my dogs. In the world of food its real hard to screw things up when others do it right. For this reason I give it two thumbs down and a no to return dining. I would recomend this place." It's kind of hidden in an office complex.  Had it for lunch.  Chicken Caesar Salad.  It was good.  Chicken was fresh and cooked to perfection.  Husband had the Italian Sandwich and liked it except that the pepperocini was sliced up and put into the sandwich.  He prefers it on the side.  I would eat here again.  and the food is terrible. My three year old can make a better sandwich. Will never order again." Stopped in before a doctors visit and was very pleased. Victor is the new owner and he seems to be doing a wonderful job. I had a ham and green chile burrito that was delicious and was very affordable. Thanks for the wonderful food. Great food and great service! I had the Philly cheesesteak and it was really good. The owner offer up a side of chipotle Mayo that added a great kick! I'll be back for sure.  it's necessary to have someone who can pull at least a competent shot of espresso. And knows what an americano is." The previous reviewer's smug attitude regarding coffee truly reflects a narrow-mindedness of patronage that does this restaurant an injustice. It's not pretentious The soda (self serve) was nothing to write about. The employees were pleasant - yet ultimately ineffective. If you have nothing to do and all day to do it this could be your place. Just don't go there to eat." 20rvtW6moryYCD_2iogQ8w  this a great place to hang out in the corner and just take it all in." chain coffee shops are considered the antichrist to a lot of coffee shop superheros but lets face it. the coffee isn't so great..neither is the food This Starbucks has been remodeled and now looks like a hospital cafeteria. Gone are the plush velvety sofas and over-sized chairs which I loved to sit on while flipping through a good mag or chatting it up with a pal. No more warm and fuzzy feeling Starbucks. I hate this new look and will not be back EVER! BTW - The place was empty at 10am on a Saturday. Hmmm?  and it was too intense for me on a weekday morning. outside feels peaceful. the level of intensity i measure is based directly on where i am sitting so the offering of a tree to sit under and grass to sit on makes me a lucky girl! this is a friendly starbucks. i like it."  maybe....I'm getting another craving for my fave PSL!!!  YUM!!  And now they have a PSL Frap!  I have not tried it yet but I will.  Sounds like pumpkin pie through a straw!  Yum-O!" I will come back here if I am ever nearby when I need a SBUX fix." This is my favorite starbucks. The employees here are friendly and they are pretty quick considering it is *never* not busy. I went today and sat on the patio and had a yogurt parfait and a cup of coffee. It was very enjoyable.  friendly environment. Got to love a place that remembers you by name. I've been coming to this Starbucks for about 3 years now."  however is the iced coffee. Weak. Like.. 85 year old woman who reuses her Sanka grounds kinda weak.. I've had this problem at other locations  etc.  Every time I have been to this location there are always tons of people filling these areas.  It's a good place to meet up with a friend and spend some time.  (Provided we're still in the cool season).  Enjoy!" Random comment: As a Starbucks Gold card holder (with name printed on the card) isn't it weird that they ask for my name as they're holding the card in their hand? Seems kind of repetitive to me personally. (Doesn't effect my review just wanted to throw it out there into the universe)"  like my 2 straws.... they r have been the best so far.... wish was not a big o' corporate business so it could feel more cosy" Baristas are friendly"  great work atmosphere. I'm a big fan."  and they KNOW how to make a Salted Caramel Mocha. This location is on Central between Catalina and Osborn. It's convenient to the light rail. There is some inside seating Not 5star legendary service. 100% not satisfied." The outside sitting area is really nice and cozy. They have tons of seating and misters/shade for the hot summers."  but a nice place.  Staff is very cool and you get your drinks out in a reasonable time.  I love the outside seating. There is plenty of it." dSQh1Hx2BiSrYog4ad740A Friendly staff. Quick WiFi. Awesome vibe. FAST" I've visited this location several times prior to writing this review with an attempt to see ""another perspective"" but my perception remains the same."  always smiling with a positive attitude! HIGHLY recommend this location in particular If you are in a rush in the mornings...either get here early or find a different location. Still Ha ha ha ha!  The best people watching experience that I have ever had!  Ever!!  I was quickly in and out with one of the best venti upside down caramel macchiatos that has ever been made!  Starbucks is always reliably wonderful but today was even better than most other days. "My go-to study starbucks. Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. Music's usually not too loud. Wifi could be spotty sometimes but there are a couple of active networks. Their attwifi is not as reliable as the google wifi down at Starbucks I spent a week training at Interface and I did like the outdoor seating they have at this location. It is very nice and friendly." If you stop in you can guarantee that this place will almost always be super busy  I always enjoy coming to this Starbucks and drinking my coffee outside under a tree with either my hubby or friends." I probably visit 100 different Starbucks per year in my travels.  This is 1 of my favorites.  The store font is perfect and captures the beauty of the Phoenix Sunrise which makes the mood that much more perfect at a coffee shop in the AM.  The staff is very friendly and upbeat as should be the case for a morning coffee shop.  The patio is huge with lots of outdoor seating and the inside is really cool how they have a long leather bench that runs the length of the store and lots of 2 tops all the way down it.  Lots of seating and comfortable. Great Starbucks.  Gets very busy in the morning yet they keep the line moving.   David the Manager is a great guy. It's Starbucks only with bad customer service.  Baristas with attitude that don't know their own product.  If I'm paying $7.00 for a coffee at least drop the 'tude. Must have been an off day last time. These partners are phenomenal! "Sasha is the best! I live around the corner and I make sure to stop by at least once a day for my coffee fix and Sasha is always there being awesome! Love the location I have never experience anything like this in my life. To unapologetically deny a very pregnant woman the use of a bathroom is wrong. This male barista exhibited a total lack of compassion and understanding  but it is freezing in here. At least I won't get caught sleeping. Parking is only 2 hours.  The rest is great.  Plenty of seats to work I come to this location every weekend to get my caffeine fix. The baristas here are awesome and they always craft the best beverages. They are very welcoming and always have smiles on their happy faces. Shawna rocks the bar and Eric blazes on the register. Never have to wait very long in line which is awesome. The manager David is very friendly not to mention a very handsome guy. Love this location and the eye candy. "These guys are consistent and super friendly. As a former Starbucks barista I can vouch for them doing things by the book and ensuring that the customer always leaves happy. I actually come out of my way some days because they make the best extra ice  alm da Limonada que  deliciosa. O croissant de chocolate  delicioso! Sempre fresco!"  and they do supposedly pay their people decently. Plenty of seating indoors and out if you can take the Phoenix heat during the summer." "Usually heading out to see clientele downtown and this is nearby. Free wifi. Service is good. Plenty of parking. Food nearby. I hate Starbucks pricing but well  out of who knows how many orders they see every day! They are also very hard workers Cakes were also overpriced. I don't know what it taste like but hell I would sped that kind of money over that cake." Actually the flavor wasn't all that bad but not $5.00 worth "Love this Starbucks the outside seating and the views are AMAZING! It is far away from the street so nice to sit outside and chat with friends or read a book. Nice landscaping as well. Nothing better than sitting outside and sipping on some Starbucks coffee. Several years ago I came in close to closing asked for a decaf  bring a coat. I'm currently sitting in here in long pants and a sweatshirt and I am shivering. I have never been to any place more heavily air conditioned than this Starbucks." Great customer service. I'll definitely start coming here more often!"  it's Starbucks. But these baristas are hands-down the best in the state. Which is saying a lot I guess I've had better experiences at Starbucks throughout the valley that I can say these things as comparisons to this location."  and you will always find an array of people on their computers "This was the first place I stopped in Phoenix when I arrived from driving across the country.  It's in a fairly good location off Camelback  where they act like they're doing you the world's biggest favor by taking your order  Saturdays service is sketchy as the barristas tend to be apathetic and hung over so you may need patience for that drink.  I showed up on a Saturday with 3 people in front of me and my grande peppermint mocha took 30 minutes.  I showed up on a weekday with 6 in front of me and it took 15.  Rock paper scissors  the cashier walked away. I was still at the register when she came back. That's when I found out..." I was in this Starbucks yesterday and ordered a frappicino. I asked for 2cups to help keep it insulated and frozen longer in this AZ heat and the girl at the register snapped. She first said I could only have a sleeve and the when I said I would pay for the second cup she preceded to tell me how un environmentally friendly I am. How inappropriate and out of line.  I will be sending a letter to their coroporate office  the Manager is friendly and professional. This is my favorite Starbucks!" My favorite Starbucks in AZ so far...  I love the couches! My favorite Starbucks in AZ so far...  I love the couches! When we were leaving there was a GOOD dog sitting by the door with his leash not tied to anything just waiting for his owner.  Awwwwww...." "I have been to a lot of Starbucks and I thought this Starbucks was really clean and it was pretty big inside too.  This year I got a free drink for my birthday.  I was pretty excited about it  at least the guy didn't ask ""what can we get started for you"". He knew I just wanted coffee. Medium coffee. Thanks."  it does not have a drive-thru (you'll have to go up a street for one on 16th street and Bethany Home). Often study here and they have lots of tables and chairs near outlets for your laptop. Staff is friendly and quick. Free WIFI is a plus." "It's a Starbucks that does Starbucks things... so if you like free WiFi MMMMMMM love the coffee here "Listed as a dog friendly place. NOT. They only allow ""Service Dogs."" In which is fine. When I brought in a dog from our animal shelter. She was a very friendly dog and very quiet and well behaved. The manager or supervisor was very rude. Obvious she did not like dogs. I understand they have to follow their policies there. She acted like I was suppose to know and looked at the dog as if I brought in this monster. I bought my coffee and left. I don't want to go back there again." My only real complaint is please please keep the delivery counter area wiped up and dry as much as possible. Half the time I order a croissant/pastry it gets placed in drink spillage which soaks through the paper  they make the best drinks and know my order when I didn't even ask for it yet! Thanks ladies for making my coffee just the way I like it!" Customer service is always on point. I have been here in the mornings and at night and staff is always great." Might be back if my wife and I are shopping nearby in the Last Chance (I don't really like that store) and need a coffee fix."  I would never have charged for the white mocha seeing that I was not getting the full pumps and I was not getting the classic syrup. Never coming to this one again. I much prefer the stores closer to my house. At my store we made sure to greet every guest when they came in and tried to make a connection with everyone who ordered a drink. If this is the same regional manager as other Starbucks I've been to then they need to know he is not doing a good job. A lot of stores are not gold standard." "Either they need to hire more baristas or they need to work in faster pace.  I ordered a very simple drink and waited for over 5 minutes for it.  It was also during evening rush hours If the Starbuckers (literally) cleaned up the surroundings here; would be a 4- or 5-star coffee shop."  kind of a garden setting. Wish there was a Starbucks in my area set up like this one." I come here often because my work is right down the street- I love DREA! She always rings me up and is always courteous and nice! She always makes my experience amazing!  they never misspell my name ;) only downside is it's usually busy- so the wifi bandwidth is sometimes limited."  I was asked if I was waiting on something. I had to reorder my latte. Apparently my cup was lost???? How does that happen? Terrible location. I waited 15 min and the drink came out absolutely disgusting. Couldn't even drink it." Service was good and prompt! Staff was nice and this location actually has a nice sitting area with ample space so that's nice!  the coffee and tea? it's a Starbucks- same wherever you go. however at this location it might take a couple tries to get the order right. plop."  and the parking is SO MUCH better than many of the tiny drive-through Starbucks peppering the city."  pretty standard...although they do mess up orders moreso than a standard Starbucks...which is still good by comparison to most coffee spots. still though: Starbucks Corporate...this location needs MAJOR crisis management." "People bring in their stupid (non service) dogs all the time. They don't seem to give a crap about anyone else. I saw this guy with his Doberman just sitting there. A family of 4 with their infant child came in and sat at the table next to him and he didn't even try to move the dog. The lady had to step OVER the dog with child in hand. Upon asking the staff about policy they said they didn't care that the dog was there. Law definitely needs to change to certify service dogs. It's disrespectful to those who actually need them. In the meantime  they don't seem to care. I saw a lady with an infant step over the dog. So she can sit. The owner of the dog didn't look the least bit concerned." Almost every time I go in to this Starbucks it's busy.  But they always serve me with a smile and a good attitude.  This Starbucks is by my job so I'm happy to come back.  the taste of my beverage was absolutely horrible. I've been purchasing the same drink for years (Salted Caramel Frap = Toffee Nut Mocha Frap when not in season on the menu); its not that hard to make since it is a menu item and there is a recipe for it. I was quite disappointed and do not plan on ever going back."  it was 80% creamer. I asked for a little more coffee. The guy begrudgingly helped me out. Just go to the one on 7th St and Missouri if you can. They've got a drive-thru and you don't have to feel like a burden on someone's day." - Kills Ma and Pop coffee shops (as a company)"  friendly and professional service.  Many other Starbucks are staffed by teenagers about as excited to serve me as they are to do court-ordered community service.  Not at 16th and Bethany - these people seem genuinely happy I've stoppped in and want me to return.  Kudos to the staff!" Normally I would run in and get my coffee but it was an early Saturday morning after a late night.  I wasn't willing to get out of the car.  In any case Anne W's review is spot-on.  This Starbucks location is always very welcoming both when I go inside and in the drive thru.  Very consistent and dependable when I am in need of a caffiene kick in the butt. The guy at the drive-thru window saw my dog in the car with me and offered him a ""Pupiccino"" LOL ( whipped cream in a small cup )"   they are terrible at this one particular starbucks. I don't know why. I hope who ever reads this reviews from Starbucks finds out. And if they're not reading this.. ""tisk mOwAbR9_RgBQuFtr71UtzQ  a suburban is able to negotiate the drive-thru and parking lot without a problem." REALLY wish this place would go 24 hrs... its only closed for like 4-5 hours so why the heck not?!?!?!" The Baristas are also all very friendly and do a good job of cleaning up (quickly) after people who are too lazy to throw their empty cups  then you have to try the new coconut frappacino's. They taste like a Samoa girl scout cookie blended in a cup. I'm usually an iced coffee kind-of-girl but when I sampled this wonder drink I enjoy this Starbucks and believe me all of them are different. Love how they make chi tea lattes here but their service is just so so sometimes I prefer the drive through at this one. I thought I was going to die without my caffeine fix.  The drive thru line took forever and the parking lot was full.  I don't understand why after the service I got. "I love this place and the new look inside...  Coffee is the same The location of this Starbucks makes it ideal for a lot of business meetings which also means that it is always crowded.  The drive-thru is always long and parking is limited. The staff is friendly though and I have never been disappointed with my order. generic and uninteresting as the decor and about as vanilla as the latts. 3 stars solely for the baristas." "One of the only Starbucks I've seen with the swamp misters outisde. Pretty cool. They had some good jams playing inside as well and the gentlemen behind the counter had a strong southern accent I prefer to patronize local coffee establishments anyway  and they always get my day started right by simply being in such a good mood "Most friendly Starbucks staff ever! Never had a drink made wrong. Yes the drive- thru can get extremely busy "Drive thru is super fast and employees are courteous and helpful. Always smiling It's an okay location; you just need to be careful how you come in and leave This Starbucks closes late so that's the upside it has a cool patio and the inside is nice just the one thing I have to complain about is the Internet it sucks but I you come here for anything else it's all good.  but when we finally got to the window they gave us our drinks for FREE! Such a nice and pleasant surprise. Thanks Starbucks!"  nothing special about this place.  When you really need a coffee and/or sweet things and there aren't any places around you Staff is very friendly and always on point!  Not to mention... Some really cute guys working behind the counter... Just sayin! Skinny caramel machiatto is the best!" The baristas are friendly and the coffee is tasty but DO NOT go here in the morning if you are trying to get somewhere on time. The drive-thru and parking is a mess!  and the staff is always wonderful to me. They almost always get my complicated order down. On the occasion they make a mistake they are quick to fix it and very nice about it. The entire staff deserves to be rewarded for always being outstanding. Thank you!" This is the largest Starbucks I have even been into. The staff was friendly. There is even an outside area. My only problem was a parking problem.  take your time and don't be in too much of a rush.  not worth getting upset if it takes a couple extra minutes to get your coffee or leave..." Great staff. Super friendly. Ordered a caramel frapp. Tasted good. Kudos for spelling my name right. Location is very big and super clean inside. Outside seating area is there for those willing to melt outside. Can't forget about the free wifi  cause her attitude showed. Sometimes these people forget what they do and who they work for. Avoid this location Nastiest strawberry smoothie....it tasted more like banana and barely barely could taste the strawberries a side from it being brown not pink. mOwAbR9_RgBQuFtr71UtzQ Dam forget about going through the drive thru in the morning unless you like waiting a long time.  In a word location on the corner and if you park to go in with that drive thru line you be stuck for a bit til it moves.  No other complaint it's another typical Starbucks just as good as all the other ones.  for almost 10 years. I never have a complaint about this store. It's always clean and they're really good about keeping the bathrooms clean. The food and drinks are always up to standard and if anything is wrong  they're friendly. The bathrooms are always up to par. The partners are awesome and they're good at what they do. Very rarely This Starbucks is located inside the Target at Christown Mall. Service is usually decent. Imnot wild about the constant turnover of youngsters behind the counter  but I always get my drink quickly. I keep asking them to add a shot of Jamison but no luck yet. Sometimes there is a little gabfest between the employee and one of their friends but it's not a big deal. The worst parking lot ever. The drive thru line wraps around the store and they have zero room for you to back out of parking spaces. If the drive thru line is long Don't forget the valentine's day specials they have going on. Love coming to this starbucks. Now time to get back to work." Zachary is my favorite window- barista because he has that way of making me relive that moment when my friend worked there... Except now I have to pay. ""What can I get started for you?"" He knows I'll vary between an iced unsweetened green tea and bistro box- to a hot grande nonfat  caramel macchiato and a warmed blueberry yoghurt muffin.  Like how many times do I randomly get the spinach feta wrap and venti iced breve coffee?  A lot.  No matter what I appreciate him always asking how I am doing." The drive-thru setup is a total cluster F. Trying to get in and out in the morning is a disaster. The drive thru is a mess as you barely have enough room.  Other than that they are super friendly!  this location will fit your needs. I continue to go here and recommend it to anyone looking for a good cup of joe and space comfortable for what you are looking for!" Slowest drive thru ever and the parking lot often gets congested and you cannot get in and out of the drive thru. I have also had my drink messed up more than a couple of times at this location. Not my favorite Starbucks location. Love Starbucks but this location should be closed. Whoever thought that a crowded drive through at the intersection of 26th and Bethany home was a good idea was wrong. Traffic is negatively affected by this store and the parking lot is really dangerous.  but the 3 star review is strictly for the parking situation. I visit this location about 3 times a week and at least 1 if not 2 of those times I almost end up in a fender bender. The parking and drive thru situation is absolutely atrocious. As for the rest of the location it has a nice inside and lots of local morning regulars which is nice." *Pro tip- avoid between 2:45-4pm unless you want to wait in line behind 50 high school kids But this location is worth yhe drive to see happy faces .this location maybe be a little crazy of the placement of the store on the corner of the street but it is so nicely kept up area is always clean and like i said they have all my best batistas 100% i will tell everyone about this location the best"  I need a drive thru. It's right on the southeast corner of the intersection in a tight little corner so the parking there and drive thru can sometimes be frustrating. The drinks have been good and the customer service is ok (could be a lot better) which is why I had to give them 3 stars." We get coffee 3-4 nights a week. I mentioned to my fianc they haven't been giving us full cups of the drinks we have been ordering. Tonight takes the cake! Nowhere near a grande.  there should be no reason to wait 10 min in the drive thru when there are only 2 cars in front of me. The traffic congestion is ridiculous based on the setup of the parking lot. If they were setup with staff that would direct traffic during the busy morning hours The slowest drive thru ever 1 car in front of me and I waited literally ten minutes to move one car length. Open until 11pm and they have it ready pronto. I wish they were all open this late or later. Its the main reason i go to this one (because if I need to stop during the day then just about any location will do).  I would just appreciate it if they change their attitude and behavior towards customers that is not Starbucks motto." "I searched online for a cosmetic dentist prior to my son's wedding in December of 2012. I just wanted to have composite redone on one of my front teeth. I should say that the office is lovely During my initial visit I was told that veneers on my two front teeth would look wonderful. The first flag was the expense - $1585 per veneer.  Keep in mind that this was Christmas time and before my son's wedding. They made it sound so wonderful and easy that I decided to go for it (despite the hefty expense).  but the resulting temporaries looked very good. I was happy. The following month is when the veneers were applied - then the nightmare began. The first set of veneers were applied in January of 2013 and were not bad  they fell out three times while I waiting weeks for the new veneers to come in. One time they fell out on a Saturday so I was toothless and couldn't leave the house until Monday morning.  Another time it was on a Thursday night when I was leaving on a airplane the next day. Luckily During this time the office double billed my debit card - $900 and it took several days to correct. Then the new veneers came in and they were still too long. And the shape never came out the same as the temporaries and the veneers are opaque unlike natural teeth so now my teeth don't match. Then I've always had nice teeth - and have always been known for my smile - and now I don't want to smile. Three other dentists have told me that I will need to have a minimum of 6 new (but probably 10) veneers to make my teeth blend and they all agree the teeth are bulky and opaque. My front teeth also protrude now - almost like I need braces and my front teeth are long and hang over my lowers (which wasn't the case before). By the way I met with Dr. Price to get my money back for the two veneers (I had also had spent 2k on other work which was done well) and she said that she had told me I would need to have more veneers from the start but that is not the case. I would NEVER have agreed to get the two front veneers done if I knew this - this would cost 10K or more! Now I am looking to going through the pain and expense of getting a full set of veneers PLUS pay to have the two front ones redone. I don't have the money or the time.  walk across the street to Starbucks. At least you'll get a mediocre cup of coffee instead of a bad one."  they are open until midnight so it's a decent place to go meet up with some friends after hours if you aren't a fan of bars and smoke... or Denny's and Applebees... or good coffee. I ripped my pants on a jagged piece of metal protruding from a broken chair here once Apparently we weren't the last group to think that it was a good idea. Sorry Still - it's an awesome location to meet up.  There are lots of good tables inside - though it can get a bit noisy.  And since they don't rush you out of there too much Free internet is great and open till midnight does beat starbucks..."  the coffee was passable. Although the coffee station was messier than the Circle K near the airport. It looked as a group of overly caffenited monkeys had just used it. And the croissant. Was like a pastry boomerang. And yes  a lot of people forget about the huge garage the Biltmore has. Many just try and get a spot right in front when the garage is just a short walk away." It's the end of an era." Drink Folgers. Drink Sanka. Drink malted battery acid. Just know you're lucky you didn't drink the ""coffee"" here!" "Nice little corner place to grab a cup of coffee and have a morning meeting...  Can sit inside or out.  I'm not big on the specialty coffees  but it is way better than what you will find at Starbucks or Coffee Plantation (which hardly qualifies as coffee in my book).  Until I find better in Phoenix/Scottsdale I will let the rating stand.  Bonus points for being connected to a gelato shop.  Baked goods/pasteries are average.  Pleasant atmosphere." I'm still confused on the pronunciation of the name. Is it ""hov-vah jov-vah"" or is it a short ""a"" sound  the afternoon and evening crew really need to pick up a cleaning rag a little more frequently. The tables are routinely dirty."  beautifully roasted and never bitter. I suggest the Vienna Roast...morning staff is always incredibly friendly. Good pastries. Although the inside is a little small they have a nice patio area This is the place I go if I want to sit and have a coffee in the morning.  It's close to home so it's convenient.  I love that people often bring their dogs on weekends as they sit outside and sip their cup of java. Love Hava Java. They have the BEST coffee!!! The staff is so nice too. I loved the free wi-fi...but the coffee was just ok.  Wish that they would switch to a different brand of soy milk since the Silk soy has a pretty strong flavor profile.  yeah. That makes it all the more worth it!" I'd recommend this to anyone." 2h9LsLPdJ7OvZrYJZhVdAw Only reason I did not give them 5 stars is because they have a surcharge for you to use your credit/debit card and I know that is against Visa and MasterCard regulations."  especially as the weather improves and all the outdoor seating becomes a viable option. Now I just need to silence those evil thoughts that tell me it's acceptable to get a gelato within the same hour as getting a sugary latte..." "One word for my late: Water.  Not really sure what went wrong.  On the other hand  at least none that I can discern. It's a great place if you need some wifi and coffee in the neighborhood  and a cozy yet open back patio with great views of Camelback- perfect because there's always seating and it's covered for shade (or in case of rain!)."  and is staffed by friendly helpful good looking staff. They would get 5 stars but for one older guy who is behind the counter once in a while changing trash bags -possibly the owner or manager. This guy is rude unless he knows you (he's friendly to some of the customers he knows by name) and aggressively arrogant to me each time I'm in there and I swear I have never ever even met him! Did I say something? I said good morning to him one morning while he was behind the counter and he said ""I don't work here"" as if I had asked him to go clean something brown from my son's diaper. You were behind the counter changing a trash can liner and you don't work there? And what's wrong with good morning no matter your employment status? Not sure about the reason for his attitude  but they have those too.  They have a big selection of baked goods and the scones are buttery and amazing.  They have a great selection of teas & brew every cup fresh.  The pomegranate green tea is awesome. I love that they still have punch cards to get your 10th drink free (any way you want it)." Can't say enough good things about Hava!" Best place in Arcadia to get a coffee or a tea. Lots of friendly locals and great place to sit outside to people watch and read the paper in the morning early lunchtime.  (or any of the flavored blends for that matter!) they are really flavorful without tasting at all artificial. I buy Hava Java beans and brew them at home I'll review it again after I have the coffee and sit and enjoy it a bit.. until then though  really good airline out of Seattle! Oh yeah... get back to the now... ugh..so Hava Java.. was craving a strong Americano.. but at the last moment.. I switched gear into an italian soda... its made how it should be.. minus a ton of sugar! It freshens the pallet. and a bit of sweet... I cant give a true 5 bc I didnt do the Java... but the barista... hes super friendly... knows his java... and multi tasks well... Since its my hood... Ill go back in the cooler weather for my espresso." "Had to update...I have now had the espresso and feel I can go the full 5 on Hava... went in for a nonfat latte... perfecto... The girl at the counter was just as nice and sweet as the guy last week... and I like that patio tables outside.. I cant knock the place for where its located.. that has nothing to do with the service or java or quality...so therefore "i like this place! the workers are always friendly and it's great that it's connected to the gelato spot. the only reason my rating is limited to a three is the quality of their coffee. they don't seem to know the particularities of traditional espresso. unsatisfactory for a macchiato "A cozy place for having good coffee while relaxing or even doing some online browsing The over ambiance is a winner and is worth the visit." Staff: They had one girl working when I arrived and she was really nice and professional. No face tattoos or odd piercings. Not that tattoos and piercing bother me but at some coffee shops that is the typical staff look and it might bother others."  you will get decent service from this one barista.      But if you are anything else....watch out!    This one barista will make your Hava Java experience miserable." P.S. - A $0.25 ""service fee"" is charged to all credit/debit transactions.  Again  their tea is the best she's had in town.  It is the best place for coffee that I know of in the area."  you have found a life time customer in me; keep up the good work!" The customers also make this spot cool... it's nice to see everyone slow down and relax with a yummy cup o' joe. My heart belongs to Hava Java!"  that mainly seems like a good place to come get your brew and go. I like a place that feels comfortable to relax at and this isn't it. It's cold because it's connected to a gelato spot. They also charge you to use your card. Who has cash? Coffee tastes fine and it's conveniently located Also I get a large32oz  pomegranate-green iced tea for only $2.50 compared to that one well know ""coffee"" place where I can't even get a Venti for that price."  make them just right!!They have a good selection of pastries to accompany any of their fabulous drinks. Although the inside is a little small they have a nice patio area  overpriced and it was by far the shittiest coffee I have ever had. I would much rather get my coffee from AM/PM then ever walk into this place again. Horrible." Just wonderful! I love the coffee here. The atmosphere is war and friendly. A lot of friendly people hanging out. Love the atmosphere - especially when the weather permits openings the sliding doors in the front." "A waste of my time. I stopped in to get some coffee and get some work done but either the password was wrong or something else because neither of my devices (laptop  I never want to put that stuff in my mouth again. I don't see what this place has to offer."  but hey that is business and if you feel that this was hitting your bottom line I would suggest you re-evaluate your strategy on pricing. The coffee  not to mention baristas. Super friendly and always remember your name and drink preference. Hava Java is hands down te best coffee house in PHX!!"  but it is still very good!  This place is right next to the gelato spot so it makes it that much better!  This place is cute and the staff is so nice and friendly!  I will only get italian sodas from this place...no other coffee shops make theirs like them.  They are the best!  Too bad they are not so good for you!  I hope this place is around forever they deserve it!"  just give me a Hava Java Chai!!!! Speed of service is great. Baristas are friendly and easy going."  friendly coffee house! Love their coffee (iced and hot) and iced pomegrante green tea!" Great coffee and friendly people makes for a 5 star experience Jake and Season are always there to greet you with a smile and the best iced latte in town. No wonder they win all the coffee awards!  and made us coffee without being too angry. Ok... these lattes were good! Like... Very good! I'm happy we were jerks and went in here right before they closed because now I know of another good coffee place in Phoenix... which is more of a rarity than you'd think. Go get a hot latte and be happy!" Really good coffee and friendly staff. My only complaint being a person that likes to just hang out and read at coffee shops is the lack of comfortable seats.  but it seems in the past couple of years the place has consistently slipped and it is sharing the faith of another once upon a time great coffee hang out at the Biltmore area not someplace I'd find myself just relaxing for a bit It gets a 4 star for now because I've only tried one item The outside seating in the area is condusive to some great people watching. The coffee  and small things like processing fees aren't a true representation of what a coffee shop experience should be about. Hava Java is a great independent coffee shop with great tasting coffee and tea. The baristas are on-point and very friendly. For the price you pay Thanks Yelp for leading the way!!!" Great coffee and muffins. I have been a patron for years! What a sweet aroma! As soon as you walk in you are immersed in the delicious smell of coffee. It makes me sigh with relief that my caffeine addiction will be tempered with some tasty Java and a muffin. Thank you Hava Java!  get stuck catching up with everyone you've ever met who lives in the area." "I was meeting a friend to get Gelato and instead I wanted a latte to check this place out. They have great lattes! The coffee wasn't bitter and very smooth. The place is a smaller intimate place I have only had the tea that Hava Java offers but must say that it is quite possibly the best tea I have received from any local cafe. When I had the flu I could only think of having the cinnamon apple tea. The greeting by the staff is always prompt and friendly making any wait for a beverage worth it. There is limited seating so having meetings can be a bit of a challenge here. I can't imagine a day not starting out with Hava Java!  Love the coffee but the people who work there make it super star status.  Great coffee and outstanding customer service! hava java-you should be absolutely ashamed at how this employee is treating your customers. i do not plan to ever return After looking over the other reviews I wonder if I went to the same place because I had a great experience and would go back again if I was ever in that neighborhood. Maybe I went on a good day or they have straighten things out or something. But for the price and the taste of my drink I would definitely recommend it." The whole crew is amazing and I can't stress this enough--you will love it! Especially if you appreciate delicious beans."  then Qwest tells you that someone in the place has a virus and it has shut down the whole restaurant's wifi.  Whaaaaat?  Ain't no one got time for that." Can't go wrong coming here for a cup of Jo. And if you check in on Yelp Very inpressed will be back" Always greeted by friendly staff and fellow customers are always willing to chime into other peoples conversations - overall great atmosphere. Plus their banana bread is dynamite! highly reccommended by this yelper."  and the biscotti.  I continue to enjoy a stop here weekly.  The location is very convenient for my work commute."  good stuff! Unfortunately the young cute clerk brings in the cackling girls to make googly eyes but that is hardly the coffee places fault." I personally love the Italian Soda they have. So many favors to pick and all so good!"  nonfat with 2 Splenda. Yum!" one of the best coffee house tea selections around... and good coffee and they are willing to make an affogato if you bring in a scoop of Gelato from next door!  was the same amount to write down 2 dirty chai! You're too busy to put in an order??? Your customer service sucks and I'll take my $200 a month back to Black Cat."  being told in a snooty way was a huge turn off. I too own a small business and understand the customer is NOT always right. The reason I call in the order is for the drink to cool down a bit. So I do not burn my lips and tongue and not have to wait to enjoy my drink. I will reconsider patronizing your shop when I can call my order in and pick my drink up. I appreciate your response and put the stars back up. That is good customer service. Again  great prices. Free WiFi. Try the mcadamia nut coffee. Its tasty." Nothing like an Iced Almond milk Extra Dirty Chai to get this day started!!!!  A must try here.....  the atmosphere is cute yet professional and the coffee is DELICIOUS. The cups are right by saying CAUTION: Contents are deliciously addictive. I'm addicted!! (My fav is the frozen java with vanilla syrup "This place is everything a coffee house should be. Not only do they have exceptional coffee with ""flavor of the day"" but they also have a nice variety of baked goods to hold you over. They are open nice and early so if you need something before that early tee time this is the place to go. Why 5 stars? The service is above and beyond!" Hava Java they make an excellent Cafe Mocha. The outside tables are a definite plus. Perfect weather to be outdoors.  Comfortable  for me to write. I recommend that you check Hava Java out and come to your own conclusions.i really think that You will side with me and say Hava Java is one  of best. Coffee is very good AND they have almond milk! Love it. Their tea looks excellent too. I'll definitely be going back. "Remember the cool coffee shops from the romantic comedy films this is it. Small "Stay away from this place if you want a good cup of coffee  and courteous service.  The latte was lukewarm and mostly milk. I could not taste coffee. When I asked for a cheese danish  though. They give you a cup full of ice and you are supposed to pour piping hot coffee into that cup and you wind up with brown water. Some of the regulars can get annoying. All the old creepy guys that come here daily flirt with the girls for way too long and hold up the line."  welcoming and quick to make the drinks.  I am a regular at the Gelato Spot and can't believe I never stopped in Hava Java before.  Great location  but after 20+ years of visits I figure I owe them a review. I first went to Hava as a young high school kid in '92. Over the next 6 years I continued to go as the drinks and service were always on point. I left the state for 6 years and was excited to try it again on my return. To my surprise it was better than ever! Best loose leaf tea selection in town and everything is brewed to order. The espresso is also first class! Pumpkin muffins and chocolate croissants are out of this world too. But the real kicker is the frozen java... I'm convinced there must be crack or something equally addictive in them as I have craved them daily for years and years. Finally the service... Lance and Megan in the mornings are amazing. They know names and drinks and this really helps to move the inevitably long line through quickly. And if you're in a hurry check out the scruffy happy guy at the cart. And Season in the afternoon must be my favorite barista in town! She too knows everyone's names and drinks and does a great job making you feel right at home. Plus  super nice staff and dog friendly patio. This is a great place to meet friends I come for my morning treats at LEASt once a week. I never feel rushed and they always my the best coffees and bakery items. They remember me and I feel like I always get a great start to my day when I stop here. Pastries are amazing and I often get a coconut latte. Perfect little hang out spot for when you have some free time as well.  I'm thinking it's not the best cup or the best service.  I'm sure it saves them money to be able to just hand you a cup and point to the containers but it's a coffee shop.  They have one job.  Would it be that much of an inconvenience to pour me a fresh cup?"  but really I don't think it's any more than a Starbucks or Wholefoods latte or snack. Worth a shot if you're in the neighborhood." Always always great service and my drink is a tough one yet I get the exact same consistency from each barista  thank you summer and all the staff HairDoc Tk  a friendly staff and lots of outdoor seating. The only thing it would be nice are more tables with outlets. This place would be in contention as a study spot if it had enough tables with outlets. As it is it's a great place to hang  ""oh she must be a stripper.""  Seriously dude?  Um no she teaches art to special needs children.  We need more people like her in the world.  Go F yourself." Great local coffee house." Hava Java is good. It's slightly overrun rich moms and private school kids  the atmosphere is relaxing and the decor is updated. I got a black and white latte with almond milk it's a great combo and tastes amazing.. If I'm on this side again will be coming back." Always always great service and my drink is a tough one yet I get the exact same consistency from each barista  thank you summer and all the staff is fantastic thanx summer HairDoc Tk "This is delicious coffee. There is always great customer service. I drive across the city just for a cup. Love this place 2h9LsLPdJ7OvZrYJZhVdAw "Love this spot! Super friendly staff "Yet another ""perk"" of living in this area is this awesome coffee house. It's always a challenge finding nice beans but not here.. You can tell by the wonderfully rich aroma that wafts outward as soon as you open the door. Ive had them grind for me as well as parked my bike on the patio and enjoyed a frozen concoction. Can it get better? Yes because the place is also a local establishment! Coffee enthusiast? Don't miss!"  my favorite coffee house. Staff is awesome and always friendly. The coffee is top notch. Dog friendly too! I live really close by and will be moving soon-- but I will still get my morning coffee here for sure!! It will be worth the extra few minutes in my drive :)" 5:30 am ok. Open time but If the Starbucks up at Lincoln that opens at 5am  is too slammed I'm here.. Its good .. Its no Starbucks or LUX but it's better than Dutch bros or drunk-in grownups.  Parking is just terrible but if you luck out and your driving a compact like a 3 series or smaller you might find a spot.. Its about atmosphere these days .. Needs some updating inside .. Needs some HGTV love padding seating and led lighting and some usb charging ports ..it's 2015 ....ok they try. But parking blows and needs a redo.  Staff is better than Starbucks up at Lincoln (as far as honest concern and a smile) but parking ruins it.  great coffee and they serve silk almond milk and coconut milk- the kind that comes from the fridge not a nasty hot box. Love love love!!!"  espresso tastes wonderful and all flavoring options higher quality. Lovely local coffee shop" P.s thanks from Amanda from Smash burger" Such a cute place! The tea selection is amazing and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Not at all surprising that it's been in business for 24 years.  you get a 10% code. Not bad. Appreciate that." I work at different offices all over the valley  can't believe I never found this place. Great chai latte. Wonderful friendly service!!  for a strip mall hangout for pros in the a.m. and students mid-day  and Hava Java is by far the BEST chai tea latte I've EVER had. Even substituting soy still keeps it delicious. Love."  great coffee and mediocre food. (Though I hear the pumpkin bread is fabulous.) Friendly and engaging staff. Quality of coffee drinks varies based on barista; I ask Amir to make my drinks whenever possible. There's not much seating indoors "The hot chocolate is sub-par. The service is friendly but slow. Not very much room in the lobby. Next time  and think it would be a nice place to hang out and sip an iced coffee in warmer weather when the front of the shop is open. I might come back. They obviously have regular clientele. But there are many other coffee shops within a 2-3 mile radius  but the woman who works there always remembers my co-workers orders who are regulars & was so nice to me this afternoon when I was short 20 cents in change for my pomegranate green tea - which by the way is BOMB!" This has been my favorite coffee place for almost five years. Season is my favorite barista. She always knows how to make a new excellent drink. Mornings are getting a tad busier so plan accordingly. The patio is super relaxing. They also provide free wifi which is nice. Much better quality drinks than Starbucks  welcoming and delightful. It's a Phoenix institution and anyone who says otherwise is probably standing in line at Starbucks just aching for an Oprah flavored tea with fromundacheese flavored sandwiches" 2h9LsLPdJ7OvZrYJZhVdAw 2h9LsLPdJ7OvZrYJZhVdAw Overrated coffee and overpriced. Tried out this place a few times and have never felt welcome. Go to Sip down the street or LGO for the cold brew instead. I do wish that Hava Java would give me credit on my punch card for all my bean purchases. (hint  and brew a great coffee. I typically get an Americano and have never been let down. Only drawback to this place is the fact that they don't recycle." If there were a better independent place along Indian School between 12th st and 44th on the right hand side I had a curry chicken on marble rye today for lunch today. This sandwich was tasty. It was a little small but very fresh. The Coffee Lady is very close to my wife's work. I have had coffee there but not lunch. I'll be back. Support your local businesses... Write a review!" Menu shows that they also serve sandwiches e_kbfiEZ87L-ZryMZxvJkA  please support this one.  It is a gem!"  they'll get you to change your morning routine."  the coffee is always great and the owner is super nice.  I always stay a little longer and chit chat with her.  In a big city Just want to reiterate the comments below...Marie was the only one behind the counter with a big smile on her face full of great coffee and breakfast ideas!  She recommended the breakfast sandwich open faced with a triple americano.  I went with her recommendations and it was delicious!  Great way to start the day!  though did not sit down.. but instead grabbed some espresso to go while waiting for pizza next door to be made. Coffee was good and strong enough - had mine with the honey offered and enjoyed it a lot. Friendly cozy neighborhood coffee shop. Will definitely stop again some time."  so it is nice to walk over on the weekend and grab a latte or mocha.  They have the best crushed ice! They also do punch cards that you can file away on the counter.  Next time we stop in I will have to try the ""Espresso Spin"" Krystle recommended.  Great place to show your 'shop local' spirit." I will be returning and spreading the word!" This place is so personable and its in a great location I wish it got more attention.  I can walk to it from my house and I have a couple times!!  I do not drink coffee but I am sure its fabulous!!"  and get your breakfast somewhere with an operating kitchen...just my two cents worth..." The decor is cute and home-y inside  homey atmosphere that makes you feel like you just stopped by Aunt Flo's kitchen for a quick bite and a chat. It's so nice to have an independent coffee shop in the neighborhood that is totally without pomp or pretense. The only drawbacks for a freelancer are the wooden chairs (which get a little rough after a few hours) and that she closes so early (2PM in summer and 3PM in season). Not being much of a 6AM girl myself I tried it for the first time this afternoon and really enjoyed my experience.  I had the spanish latte and it was yummy!!  It's a cute restaurant and the service was wonderful.  I was made to feel very welcome.  Next time I'll have to try the chai tea latte and see if it's truly the best chai latte ever (I love chai latte's)  but I don't appreciate being treated badly or differently for trying a new place on a budget." "My experience was nearly the exact same as the one Dana M described.  Absolutely terrible!  Except she went so far as to say that she had hoped people who used them would bring someone with them.  I was by myself....... and in restrospect "Your website says 'You'll feel like you've stepped into a friend's kitchen in this intimate space.' How true! While waiting for a neighboring business to open their doors on Saturday I wandered into Marie's kitchen and was truly treated like a friend! A great cup of coffee Great little place. I'm happy to support this small "Just had breakfast here. Really good "I've been looking for a coffee shop in Arcadia to get work done and sate my caffeine cravings  was super friendly and made a delicious dirty pumpkin chai. Great for fall! My friend got a caramel mocha latte. It was also really good and decently priced-only $3.25!" She also has great interaction with her other customers and I can tell there are already a lot of regulars here.  Great place!!"  I had the Egg Sandwich & it was a good size sandwich & very filling.  My friend had the peanut butter w/ strawberry jelly (toasted) sandwich (that's her favorite). I also had the Mocha Frappuccino & it was good My coffee was weak. Much better coffee at other nearby places.  I do admit the toast was the best  and the two ladies were very friendly. I am not sure if I would go back unless I am really feeling lazy." "An independent coffee house is Phoenix?  Really?  Yep.  The coffee is okay  and the friendliest staff around. Definitely a neighborhood mecca for those of us in Arcadia or the Arcadia-ish area. Meet your neighbors or sit and chill -- free will is the essence of Mama Java." Truthfully I'd givce it a 4 1/2 rather than a 5 because of the limited food selection A must for anyone that lives or works in the neighborhood!"  art-focused decor. Live musical acts and open mic nights. Plenty of reading material. Comfy couches The crowd of patrons was diverse this Friday night - streaming in steadily all night.  Some dude straight up ordered a bowl of cereal One gripe: A certain barista sucks at making lattes. Both times it felt like the cup was half empty. Take it easy on the foam lady!" ' but I'll be back soon to visit my new friends Billie and Jensy!"  friendly and truly coffee prodigies.  I am sure they will have their very own coffee shop someday soon but for now I am happy to give them my $4.06 everyday like clockwork!!" Mb46iSlA4qmTwXf-WrqtQA  they do all right.  I have yet to find my favorite coffeeshop "Mama say mamu sa mu maku sa! Yet another ""eclectic"" coffee shop. Thank you 1988. Must your thrift store upholstered furniture be so soiled? Already? Ugh. Thank god I wasn't wearing a dress that day. How unseemly. Bookshelves with books. Walls with funky art. Just a few pieces however. And a large floor to ceiling scape overlooking Jiffy Lube. However  and forgot to transfer them back to my wallet.  I didn't realize this until I had placed and received my order. The woman behind the counter said ""don't worry about it  MJ created a yelper special of the day... the ""hold me closer tiny yelper' which i believe was a vanilla cinnamon latte.  Now if that didn't make us feel special "I'm going with Gabi on this one (kiss ass that I am) and raising it one star. I'm all about customer service. And the ladies serving up the joe at yelp office hours were perky and aromatic. Just like the coffee! Just remember. No cell phone at the counter....we don't want Mama Dearest Java Coffee House now do we!? ""NO CELL PHONES AT THE COUUUUNNNTTTER!!""" "We went here for some live music a few weeks ago.  It was nice to see other people in there.   My order did get mixed up (latte instead of a chai latte)  I will definitely be back.  Good prices and great product!"  pure organic milk and great atmosphere! I dream about the coffee!"  I guess that you shouldn't mess with perfection." Now if only they could transplant some evergreens to block out Indian School Road...then it really would be like Oregon." I sorted my memory by key-word associations to see what came up as related to Mama Java.  There's the list.  Wow!  You should have seen some of the other lists!" Love that they have simple syrup at the fixin's bar so you don't have to stir your iced coffee for half an hour."  I keep stopping here because it's convenient and they have a quality product."  but coffee seems to have a life of its own when it comes to creating its own subculture  and iced tea. Prices are a little cheaper than Starbucks (I think it was $2.50 for the tasty mango lemon iced tea "Officially the roo--gaah--laa is very tasty in all 3 flavors.  Chocolate They also have live music from time to time and a bookshelf full of cool stuff to read whilst you amp up on some caf :)" Update:  Hade their iced mocha today.  Not bad.  Not bad at all.  I would order it again.  AND NOW WE DANCE!  plenty of seating with a few not very appealing chairs on the sidewalk outside.  Never pretentious.  They always feature a variety of artists The free wi-fi was a great bonus."  downright surly on their bad days. It's to the point where we won't even go in there anymore. Such potential...... lost to a crabby attitude towards the customers. If you want to own or work in a coffee shop then be ready to screw a smile on your face and show some positive energy." Will definitely go back and try it out again." This is one of the coffee houses in central Phoenix where I can be pretty confident of finding an empty seat next to an electrical outlet to take advantage of their free wireless. Although they do have live music that at times fills the front of the house  their pomegranate green iced tea is so good i didn't drink anything else for months. so if your looking for an alternative to starbucks that has a great atmosphere and even better coffee "This place was ok.  It has a real crunchy vibe.  The iced coffee is kind of bitter.  There are interesting people hanging out in there.  I kind of felt like I was intruding on the staff  especially with a tall glass of ice cold milk. I also enjoyed the art that decorated the walls... pretty cool place." The only thing I would change is the $.50 surcharge for credit card transactions. But their macaroons are only $.60. I could probably scrounge up that kinda coin from my car any given day  and i love their book selection and their general seating area. it's very spacious. if you're looking for poetry slams and traditional folk company Go here to relax and yea.. Go"  then there is no hope that it can get anything else right. But Mama Java's gets espresso right! With just a splash of milk it tantalized my espresso loving taste buds with its smooth  I like butter rum and butterscotch if you;re reading. For the moment it;s not walking distance for me but I consider it a great neighborhood spot."  I'm not sure if it's a book-swap thinggy or not.  I did get annoyed when one of the baristas insisted on calling a ""Soy Chai"" a ""Choy"".. haha.  It just sounded retarded to me.  I I'm actually writing this review as I'm finishing up here at Mama Java's. It's getting cold and I have to go pee really bad  indie owned coffee place. I do wish they had more than one iced tea option I would go back but I wouldn't rush back. Sorry!" I came here to use their WiFi. I had a chai latte which was fabulous. The staff was very friendly and the coffee shop was mostly quiet I got a lot of work done.  like European cafe barista meets Santa Monica cool-cat. Participating in the coffee of the day feature is always fun. I hold most of my professional meetings here and also meet friends here to break up the day. Even the patrons here are way cool. The prices are alright and they support non-profits too  I think of my self as one sometimes. You just can't forget the customer is the business. If you know what they mean roll with it - DONT correct them. For $4 a cup of fancy coffee  check this place out. Just make sure you bring enough $$ so they don't charge the ridiculous .50 charge for using a card!" on the comments about the .50 credit card charges...obviously these people have no clue how expensive it is to have a credit card machine and how much each transaction costs.  It is hard for mom and pop shops to survive in the world of greed lusting chains." Probably my third favorite local coffee shop in the valley behind 32 Shea and Coffee Roastery on Hayden (and I've tried dozens and dozens of them)  I spent the entire afternoon there drinking a perfect Chai and studying. I was astonished at how perfect the atmosphere was for studying. I got a lot done. I enjoyed the music. I think I'll be back soon."  latte art very cool and the new baked goods made in-house are absolutely to die for.  Keep up the great work guys!"  they company I work for still does but I don't work there anymore).  My favorite thing about Mama Java's is that they have MATTE!!!!!:)" As for the credit card service charge - it's never been an issue for me.  I usually carry some cash or can find two quarters in my car and The vanilla latte is amazing...tastes great and leaves me feeling a tad ""buzzed"". Generally "Love this place!  They're so friendly and the coffee is fantastic.  I'm a sucker for Starbucks because of the drive thru... but the more I visit Mama Java's the more I remember just how bad Starbucks really is.  If you haven't visited this place yet I like it here and it's remained good over the years. I stopped by after a night at Beckett's Table nearby to have coffee  I had asked a friendly employee what they would recommend. As soon as she had asked if I liked chocolate  and wish that they would offer some gluten-free goodies! I heard that the Terrabite Bakery offers some GF goodies there So I write this review to let folks know to stop by and definitely grab a cup a joe to go and I also write this to let Mama Java's staff know they should take a lesson from Hava Java up the street when it comes to customer service.  You will never find the coffee spot empty."  unfortunately the service and atmosphere brought it down a little for me."  comfortable ambiance and I had no trouble finding a plug. They have a ton of local products and really yummy bagels and pastries. I don't know that I would continue to go out of my way to go here I will for sure be here twice a week every week from now on :D" "I got a chai - it was weak and not flavorful at all.  Other than one corner w/a couch and two leather chairs it is NOT a relaxing atmosphere either  but it hasn't been service with a smile recently.  I've sadly decided to check out the other places in this area (and there are plenty)." The pastries are SO good here.  The vibe is comfy.   Did I mention the pastries?  SO good.  that's okay. I was spontaneous one day and wanted to find a great place to sit and work and I found Mama Javas! So awsome! Im not a ""hipster"" so I wasnt really feeling the atmosphere or did I feel like I fit in (they could work on that) But  hippie feel.  Strong Americano for sure!!!"  MJ's business hours were erratic at best. Worse; I stopped by there a couple of times since their 'Open' sign was lit but the place was closed." The donuts are terrible. They don't taste like what I remember as a kid. There was no depth to the cake donut and it was super light and spongy. Not what I think of when it comes to a cake donut. On top of it Friendly staff. Make sure you get the coffee punch card if you order alot of Medium-sized coffees here..." Two tiny shelves of stale donuts...I guess when the grocer is selling your way overpriced coffee like gangbusters  but the in-store service closed at 8pm.  Haven't had a chance of trying it out There is a set of standards to be expected these days when it comes to coffee. What about service? At this DD the service is fast. From drive tru window to walking in I wake up with a smile knowing I'll soon have a cup of their delicious coffee.  I was excited due to my hometown not having more than one dunkin donuts within 20miles from my house but the service could have been friendlier." Not the best run Dunkin' Donuts.  I am not too disappointed that i don't have access to one locally. Their donuts were dry Just left dunkin' 20min ago!" at this Dunkin Donuts they definitely take care of the drive thru before the walk ups. Everytime I come in here there are at least 3 or 4 cars that were in the drive thru as I walk in that are driving out f the drive thru before I even get served. I'm a honestly never come back to this location. It happens every single time I come here and it just happened again today right now. It's really aggravating when you have two clerks who are working their asses off to get the drive thru taken care of While totally blowing off the walk up people.  but the selection of donuts is lacking at 7:30am. You'd think they would be fully stocked and ready to go."  and it does not take for ever to turn out of the parking lot."  this is my favorite AZ DD location!" Best Coffee and Donuts.  It's Dunkin' not much else to say. Last visit I had my dog with me and the girl working gave me an extra munchkin as a treat... so sweet!" And did I mention how cheap they are?  SO cheap.  Well  coffee is quite good and it's a can't miss."  can I get refills?  ;-)" decent donuts but horrible coffee....  ignoring that downside... this is the BEST donut shop in all of AZ!"  have that light greasiness combined with sweetness. Probably they are lightly iced .I bet if I went there I would really like an old fashioned one. Just if I went there." Convert your donut religion to Rainbow donuts today. See the light. Repent!"  I guess I have to stick to chocolate frost and sugar raised." but the fritters haunt me- cheap price was a bonus. For $5 we had Saturday morning covered for breakfast. Sigh And growing a little with each fritter."  fluffy layer when you bite down into a chocolate long john...with just the right amount of delightful chocolate on top!   Try a buttermilk bar...crispy on the outside lite and tasty in the middle...there are no better in this town!  O boy do I want one right now!" "Great donuts.  I think they are just a slight step below BoSa Love these donuts! I can never buy just one donut because they all look Sooooo good! Needs a shop in the East valley. It's like free donuts! Woot!!" I won't be heading back even though the maple bacon donuts are yummy." Yum best donuts in Phoenix. If I were to ever get hooked on crack... I would want my crack to be these amazing donuts! They are delicious and addicting. It's an older place that reflects its age. With a little sprucing up it could the cutest and best donut/kolache shop in town!" "Two words: Texas Kalaches. Haha! We also tried the Maple Bacon Donut and it was surprisingly good (I couldn't eat a whole one  but the cherry fritter blew. my. mind. My iced coffee was decent as well. I anticipate returning to rainbow doughnuts!"  we didn't have a hard time snagging one of the three booths (there are two are three small tables as well).  They have free Wi Fi which I really appreciated now that I often read the morning news""paper"" on a screen.  The service was OK The buttermilk and french cruller would be my go to donuts next round but I want to try more....the apple fritter "I came in  on an early Friday morning to buy a dozen and a half of donuts for my co- workers. The man behind the counter found it odd I order such an amountapparently  or ham& cheese. So so sooooooooooooo good (haven't found any other place that have Texas kolaches).  Their ham&cheese croissant are so darn good also. Lastly  donuts made fresh everyday.  the owners are great I brought donuts in for the office and they were talked about all day.  I have a feeling I will be stopping by very soon to pick up more office goodies." Tasty donuts in a convenient location. I've had their coffee rolls and other regular donuts and all of them are good.  they are all incredible. There is no comparison. Rainbow doughnuts are addicting." Selecting a half dozen donuts and taking portions of each home it likely comes as no surprise that the warm cake donuts were my favorite - the buttermilk bar literally still dripping glaze - and with the blueberry subtle and light plus the fritter less greasy than the average with a great crunch giving way to cinnamon apples within I enjoyed all three more than those that were raised - the dough a bit less wispy or raised than I prefer and the frosting on both the maple and the strawberry a bit too artificial  but they're all independently owned.  I've never tried the others Had to introduce our OH-IO group out for our wedding to the Maple Bacon Donuts...AMAZING!!!  he is so amazing and found this location. We went less than 24 hours after we heard about it and it was soooooo AMAZING! We will go back and I'm glad I found my Texas favorite in Arizona. :)"  need i say more! At $2 it is well worth it! It's like breakfast in a handy snack. Also regular fresh made doughnuts are only $1! I did my paper here no wifi but there were tables and an outlet. Lots of parking and a bathroom. Closes at 3 or 4pm" "Cheap! Delicious donuts! It reminds me of the donut shops they have all over Southern California. My girlfriend got one filled with whipped cream (not custard like a Boston creme It may be that they were in the middle of making more donuts or getting some more in. I'll stop by again to give it another chance."  along with the nicest staff ever! I review on Yelp quite a bit and I am just in love with this little shop. I drive here from Goodyear every weekend. So worth it."  the availability isn't always the best. Those maple-bacon ones are always gone before I can get to them!" Great you just have to get there on Sunday before early church gets out its a great shop and great service will be returning soon  and always a hit when I bring them in to work.  The cream filled donuts are wonderful."  our family has tried other donut places and nothing compares to Rainbow donuts. They have the best testing donuts. They have a great selection of donuts to choose from. Our families favorite is glazed donut holes  not surprising. We each got a donut and coffee and sat down to eat. Coffee is pretty good here. The teenage girl behind the counter told us she couldn't run the espresso machine  you won't regret it. It looks like a cute little diner on the inside  seriously off the radar. Was in love at first bite then had another. Place is clean and staff super friendly." What??  That's amazing service.  And the donut lived up to the hype completely!  Definitely will return The staff at this location are super friendly." "I live nowhere near here (thank God!) but have had their donuts from co-workers bringing them in and have been in store. I recently tried the Texas kolache "Got in line with my daughter when we observed the lady in front of us returning a few donuts. Expecting the donuts to go in the trash per food regulation Easy to access of 7th st  they will make it for you on the spot! You won't get a fresher donut than that!" and WAIT... I just saw that another review said they have Texas kolaches??  I need to get back there stat!"  pretty good donuts. Worst iced coffee I've ever tried in my life I think it's so cool that they have a door that opens and closes! Cool place. Can't wait to try you guys out again !  though their hours are somewhat limited.  I'd rather support them than a chain Doughnuts from this joint are awesome. I have tried at least 6 different types. The hot coffee was nasty. It tastes gross!! I will never purchase another coffee but clean doughnut shop. Owner is very friendly Asian man who does not understand English too well. He makes mean doughnuts though that melt in your melt and are made fresh daily early in the morning.  but they made up the delicious maple bacon ones for me that had been recommended to me. Yum! And they open at 4. By the way. That is 4 AM" "We were in town from out of state and decided to stop and buy some donuts. The donuts are quite pricey compared to dunkin donuts and aren't very much better in my opinion. I asked for a iced matcha latte "Rainbow donuts is the best! They have honest to God Texas Kolaches. We're talking REAL KOLACHES people. The owners are so sweet and welcoming. Amazing. Super inexpensive. Delicious "The shop is not impressive nor are the donuts. I can still feel the grease on the roof of my mouth. After being there 20 years  but won't bag too harshly for their brave experimentation. Oo! Speaking of donuts... I still have some left. Gotta go! :)"  only seen in New York City. Rare found in Phoenix!"  not enjoyable. Do yourself a favor and somewhere else to get your donuts. Definitely not worth my time or money."  and cheese. Truly delicious. And a cinnamon roll. So much better than Fry's across the street!  Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that they charge for coffee refills." Why do I want my donuts breathing the same air as everybody else? At least make an effort to make it look like they're separated and fresh  don't bother going here if you just want a donut and only have a card. They have a $5 minimum purchase requirement here in order to use a card. I won't be coming back here again. My advice.....just plan ahead and go to Lamars on Bell Rd" "Great doughnuts especially the nutella filled ones. But when you're ordering for a lot of people and get back only to find that they forgot to place several of them in the box  but if you are in the 16th St. and Northern area and looking for a quick and tasty breakfast or lunch in a low key non-chain spot Love their chicken club sandwich!  It's a small place with little seating inside and a few more tables outside.  During the spring and fall it's great to sit outside.  but a place I would definitely go back to often for lunch - especially if I was staying at the resort next door." "It's a sandwich shop and they have great sandwiches.  Bottom line.   Staff is friendly enough and "I eat here once every couple of weeks as it is right by my office. It is consistently decent. It definitely is a good lunch place to go every now and then. I would recommend it  but that may be because I always tip a buck.   :)" This is one of those reviews that really has been writing.  Thanks  you are not blackballed from my lunch list." "Can still say that I haven't been disappointed having gone back to the Blue Saguaro  Jen is right.  The menu may not change but it;s always a good eat Nice little place with a nice selection Stopped here for lunch today and had the turkey sandwich with the humus ..... DELISH !! My friend had the Greek Salad with chicken - he said it was WONDERFUL. Nice sandwich shop that's clean and has good food !!! Recommended :-)  and it was a much better option than the Veranda Bistro across the street.  Did I mention cheap too? You could get a delicious sandwich or a massive chicken salad for around $5.  And the chicken... moist Coffee isn't bad and it never seems to be too busy so it's actually an undercover great spot to get some things done without worry of distraction. Not sure of the wifi situation THIS LOCATION IS NOW CLOSED.  Not that anyone was thinking of going there... http://www.grinderscoffeeco.com/" My drink was up in no time flat and I am sipping it right now at work and in heaven. I know a cafe americano doesn't have that many ingredients and is difficult to screw up...but most places I go have terrible burned espresso which they graciously water down hardcore so that I can't taste it as much. This stuff is flavorful yet smooth. I will be back tomorrow morning for a cup maybe give myself enough time to try a pastry and test those chairs." Better then your corporate coffee  I like the vibe. It also feels good to support  a place that gives much back to the community----from fresh roasted coffee beans to display space for local artists to music. Grinders is not about the hardware---but the software."  he has been roasting and brewing his coffee ever since this shopping center opened almost 10 years ago.  He features the artwork of local artists each month as well as wi-fi while you are enjoying your beverage.  Be sure to come on the Second Saturday of each month to enjoy their ongoing series of Jazz & Blues.  You never know who's going to show up and perform!  But you can be assured you WILL have a foot stompin' good time!" We really are so lucky to have such a great business  but i'm sure with experience they'll improve by leaps and bounds. mediocre espresso and milk I'll try it again before I give them a five star rating."  excellent coffee and tea reasonably priced. The fourth star is awarded for the pecan/cream cheese Danish thing the server recommended. It was so good I couldn't decide weather to scarf it down or savor each bite."  or they just did. I was frustrated to hear that they tried to open a location at the Art Institute but they were one week too late  so that could be your opportunity to stop in and check them out." "I've NEVER been happy to pay more than $4 for a 'grande'-sized latte... until I tried this place. It's on my way to the office I've recently been informed that they host blues music on the 2nd Saturday evening of each month.  I can't wait to check it out next month."  A few friends say it's definitely worth the trip over there to check it out!"  and I like putting money into small businesses instead of the Wal-Marts of the coffee world.  They make my finicky customized orders with no issue and I always prefer to visit them rather than a Starbucks  but they make up for it with friendly service and a great product. Another place where they get to know their customers by their names!" Some of the best coffee I've ever had -- and I lived in Portland. Insanely good selection & product. Tanzanian peaberry off the charts. Owner gets beans from multiple sources to ensure that his selection is the best.  and they usually have a wonderful assortment of baked goods if you need something sweet.  The crowd is always friendly Cute little coffee shop. Had some tea and sat outside with my boyfriend. Enjoyed the weather and played some cards. Very relaxing.  I'm loving this place. I've gone here almost everyday this week because it is in between my apartment and my school. I've loved every second I've been in there. The coffee is awesome They need to get a new couch or two in there.   But the coffee was so damn good I'd forgive them anything." "Superb Coffee. Pathetic sandwiches and paninis. Hated the place after i ate the sandwich. i was told there were not veggies available at all. Then why sell a sandwich? They threw some chicken on the bread and gave it  full of art and all sorts of odds and ends. The staff was great. Very friendly. They roast their own beans and have selections from different parts of the earth. My latte was just what I needed. Love quirky little places like this. They make me feel like I belong somewhere :)"  the coffee is good and I really liked the choices on their menu and they are all about local business. If I can come here and get a good Americano without having to wait in a long line I think I'm sold!" The customer service was stellar and the inside of the coffee shop was filled with unique trinkets  why pay the premium? Grinders is one of those places that has figured out a way to bring all of the elements together to create the perfect flavor storm in a cup. The crazy part is that they charge the same or less than many other coffee spots. I am glad that the best spot in town is near my home." I love this place. It makes me happy.  then no. I'd definitely not suggest Grinders as your first introduction to Phoenix coffee. If you really don't care very much and just want somewhere peaceful to go read a book  the prices are your pretty standard Starbucks prices which is great - I'd honestly expect higher. Definitely recommend if you find yourself in the area." "Brought a friend who's worked for Starbucks for years and she was impressed with the roasting equipment. She asked the barista to try the beans before and after roasting and the girl was very friendly and more than happy to oblige. We didn't realize it was time to close and the barista didn't rush us out or seem exasperated I was there today and the service was awesome.  The coffee was terrific. It was a great place to hang out and get some work done!  but it's got good character and the baristas are super friendly and helpful.  They display art in the store and even have a special night for it each month (Second Saturdays?)  It's also very quiet and has outdoor tables Coffee and service is great. The location is good since there aren't a lot of other coffee shops near here. It would be nice if they were open late though. Not a big fan of the decor - feels more like a waiting room than a place you want to hang out. "The best fricken caramel macchiato! Love their service  and is a very cozy place to go. Coffee  is completely delicious! Good bagels too!"  this would probably be my go-to java joint." Awesome staff and every drink I have ever ordered is spot on and delicious! They make my day better every time I stop :0) Coffee is ok. The sandwich is mediocre like you can make it at home for $7? I don't think so. I expected more. Their employees don't have uniforms but they are way too sloppy eve looks dirty. On a tank top all sloppy it doesn't look professional. I know it's a coffee shop but it says a lot. I like how they have the different coffee beans decor on the wall. That's pretty cool. Prolly won't come back Awesome coffee for really good prices! The atmosphere is nice and trendy. The service isn't snappy but the staff is very friendly. Definitely a place to sit and chat with friends rather than on the go:) "I've been here several times and have never been disappointed with my coffees and lattes. All expertly made with quality beans  with nothing to do but a small shopping center. Walk to the transit center and find a bus up to the antique shops on Cave Creek." Smooth coffee and friendly service. I'll. take this over Starbucks any day of the week.  good people) until the operated the roaster. Since my main purpose frequenting coffee houses is to work (novelist) the noise of the roaster was just too much to ignore for me This is my second time at Grinders and I really enjoy this place! Will be coming back again and again!!  the coffee is good. The highlight and charm of the place is truly Shaleena (forgive me for probably butchering your name). She speaks with everyone Not impressed.  Not horrible.  Service was fine.  Had a latte but really it just tasted like milk. I love supporting local businesses. Grinders has great coffee and amazing people working there. I always get an iced coconut latte. Decor was interesting but not somewhere I would go back to unless I was desperate or forgot I had been here before." The coffee is great and it's awesome to see the collection of wares from the local artists."  the barista working didn't even acknowledge me until I reached the register and she finished the drink for a regular standing nearby. She then just asked for my order "Absolutely amazing coffee! I love that they roast their own beans. I got an iced mocha and it was super smooth. Staff was decent I guess... not super friendly which was disappointing because the atmosphere seemed great. Loved the experience  or if your overly sweet tiger milk drink is not right or the art is tacky... I go here for coffee.  The rest of you stay away from this place... I want my pick of their fresh roasted beans including the hard to find Peaberry.. that's right... these guys actually get green beans from around the world and roast them there on site... I know what day of the week they do it too... and I am not telling you.  Stay away!."  have a cup there or to go. Try taking a pound of coffee home and you'll never go back to grocery store coffee roasted a year ago in another country." "Great little coffee shop. Decaf fans look no further - really good. Also excellent pastries made on site - buttery  Grinders will roast to your taste. They sell a river of beverages and offer a variety of sandwiches.  Artsy indoor setting Grest coffee and friendly service! I'm excited to make this spot one of my new regular places! "Very chill atmosphere. Nothing extravagant. Looks like the owners  grinder collection on display and fresh beans in boxes and bags. Barista was pretty fantastic Great White Chocolate Mocha.  Perfect balance of coffee and white chocolate.   White chocolate was not so overpowering where you could still get that coffee kick we need.  Great place....would definitely come back!!!  it i small inside but typical for a coffee shop.  I would like to see the artwork on a larger scale with one featured artist at a time because the pieces were small and by different artists which was distracting. But the artwork is local and not high priced. Stop in and try it out!" A good place to hang out!" I live about 15 minutes away from here but I doubt this will be my last stop in!"  because I'm signing a lease at a place really close to here. I'd love to have a local coffee shop I feel comfortable stopping by or working in Better than Starbucks. Always friendly. They seemed to offer really good tasting espresso drinks here with not too much milk. They looked like they had a steady flow of regulars  but...I wouldn't go out of my way to do so based on the first impression." "Over this place. This used to be our favorite coffee spot. Seems to have gone down hill a bit. Not the same friendly employees and quality is lacking. Also "I grew up in Sunnyslope.  Where this little mall is where the Dog N'Suds resided.  I am always amazed to see the development along Dunlap; the area which gave my parents (from New Hampshire) a small town feel in the depth of Phoenix.  That was the late 70's and early 70's.  Now there is no longer a Brookshires to get your coffee but this little java shack.  Tucked into a little strip mall it has a cute little patio which I am sure is nice when the weather us the same.  Inside there is a bank of hook ups for electronic devices I had coffee there today with a good friend and just loved this neat little place. The barista was very sweet and our drinks were ready pretty quick. Not really anything exciting but a nice little quiet place to have coffee and conversation. There wasn't a whole lot of pastries but what we had was good. I would definitely come back. They have a nice espresso blend and they do cold-pressed coffee as well. The Americano is my standard. And if you want a decaf you can order a Why Bother  vs. a place to bring your laptop and work on your computer. I was the latter. I had trouble with the Wi-Fi I'm hoping this was just a bad first experience so I will go back because it's the only local coffeehouse by my work that isn't Starbucks or fast food. But if my next trip is like this first one  and it's cozy atmosphere makes it a great place to work/study. Not only do they roast their own coffee beans Will highly recommend this place to all who live around here."  the experience was good. The barista was nice. Probably will come back if I'm on that side of town. Give it a try!"  but it just wasn't great. Hoping that maybe it was just an off day." Grinders is one of these areas that's figured out a means to bring all the components together to create the best flavor thunderstorm in a cup. The insane part is the fact that they charge the same or less than many other java places. I'm happy that the very best place in town is near my house. I enjoy this gem of a coffee joint and discovered it shortly after moving into the neighborhood a few months ago with a friend. Something notable is the local art displayed and the vibrant setting the shop presents its customers. Excellent coffee and friendly service. Would definitely recommend to all who come across it! This location does a great job of reminding me that Starbucks was once a neighborhood coffee house with good business values."  thanks to the Pick of the Week. I grab one of those cards by the register whenever a new one is out and redeem the free download and I really have ""discovered"" new artists." Tip them well and they'll take really good care of you!" ":] best starbucks around & probably one of the best i've ever been too... & i'm not just saying that because i work there  and unfortunately it's not making the grade today." It's a nice Starbucks. Never had a bad experience :) Wake up Starbucks! Let's get going!!"  great positive atmosphere!  Service was quick and product was perfection!"  not another transaction. This is what coffee shops are all about. In a rush? Brew at home or wake up earlier." There was a lot of space in the shared lot to park and lots of seating available inside even considering the large crowd hiding from the rain." "Don't judge a book by it's cover! I recently started coming here and from the outside it looks small and corner-ish; almost like a diver bar. However as soon as you walk in the door you feel as if you have walked into a Costo. I could almost play basketball in the store. The spaciousness is really important to me and you can pick a good seat and survey the entire store. The wall strip of never ending outlets to plug in whatever electronic device is more than useful. The staff are all really affable and cater to your specific needs. Def a great local to read The pros outweigh the cons and the ladies behind the counter are lovely and light-hearted Went to the drive thru and Kim was rude and unfriendly. She was more concerned with continuing the conversation with her coworker. No sense of urgency unlike the other locations I've been to." "This is my favorite Starbucks by far. Every barista here is awesome. Always friendly Been here a few times and the baristas are always very nice and super quick with your order. Place is also really clean. Will always come back given the chance. Plenty of tables and windows. The corner location offers w nice view. It's always populated and the crew is friendly and fast. The plaza is easy to access and the parking is not bad at all. It's clean. Good coffee and fresh pastries. A great safe place my junior goes there for study time with her friends and they even brought in a pizza! They are quick and accurate and nice You are now on my shit list 7th st and bell Starbucks." I really like that and for those reasons I will definitely be stopping back in soon!" "Nice Starbucks to hang out for a little while. There's even a community library in the back with lots of books including children's stuff. Friendly service and in addition to the regular pastry and sandwich offerings There we're three people in line and it took me like 20 minutes to get my drink." Only downfall no drive through"  I ordered with the App and arrived 15 minutes after ordering to find that my drink still wasn't done. (The app guessed a 4-7 minute order) I definitely get the ""No time? No wait"" promise with the app." "The girls here are always cheerful and make a great mocha frap no whip with drizz. The positive energy and expertise there with the level of foot traffic I personally don't care for Starbucks food and do not believe that is what Starbucks is about. Therefore I do not review their food offerings."  knowing I have no willpower and you will take even more of my money on my next visit."  but its my favorite! This place has a few tables and chair inside and a little bit more outside on their patio which I love! They have a decent selection of equipment and drinkware to purchase (like I even need more  and I have already earned enough points for free customization. No more paying for soy.. It really adds up when you buy 30 a month...   Thanks for the friendly tip that will bring this junkie back over and over." "I visited this Starbucks after having my nails done two doors down. I paid cash for my nails. Hang on there is a point to this ;)  I ordered a mocha frapp and gave the girl my debit card which was declined because I hadn't realized that it had expired and I hadn't put the new one in my wallet. Talk about embarrassing!! The girl said ""no worries  we like to come here and get an black tea for me and an Americano for my wife and then head on over to Petsmart to look at puppies and kitties. Next we go over to Ross and try to score some sweet deals so we look like high fashion. That's basically how every weekend goes and it's all started by this very awesome Starbucks. A+" This location is just ok probably because it is small and yet folks pack into this tiny box of a location. They have offer La Boulange pastries and seem to have a good assortment of salads and sandwiches available throughout the day. I like that this location is open early.  with half & half. My Coffee always comes out watered down and not sweet enough. This unfortunately happens at quite a few Sbucks locations." These woman running this store this morning definitely provided superior customer service including knowledge of the drinks being created. What every Starbucks location should be on a daily basis."  but the free Wi-Fi is super appreciated.  That's how this chain won my business for this Not-Hiking adventure!" I enjoy this starbucks location very much because of the kind and friendly baristas. Today I had the pleasure of being served by Renee and she went above and beyond to make my experience amazing. I will continue to support starbucks because of the costumer service exhibited by her. She added additional joy and happiness to my birthday! What can anyone say about Starbucks except that they're awesome and this location has amazing employees who make you feel at home and treasured!  clean place and no shortage of anything coffee to purchase." Looks like they're also getting into breakfast ""food"" sandwiches served hot.  I'll have to try them sometime.  Now I just have to see if there are any DD on my way to work..."  good service despite the inside-a-convenience-store-that's-also-part-of-a-carwash location.  I am always worried when I go in here that I might just as well pick out something pre-made from the fridge and buy it from the convenience store  but I'm also paying for the service." "This place looks better too bad the donuts taste like crap no matter what time of day you go in they taste like they were made days ago and why can't they figure out that if they put a clear door in front of the shelves they are placed on it would keep them fresh longer. Come on  just LIVID with the price increase  apparently. Why the (*bleep*) are you still selling Coolatta if the machine's broken? Does corporate office know they're scamming customers? Horrible customer service." "Oh for the days when the funny guy with the mustache was making the donuts fresh for us! I had an issue with this location limiting the menu selection on a prepaid discount offer After going there every week since it reopened I was treated like dirt last week.  After being treated so poorly we were on our way and opened the bag to find an order that was wrong..... AGAIN!!!!  this location bites balls. I went there and they did not have sausage for my breakfast sandwich. The was one. Strike two was when I went there this morning and they didn't have any ketchup! The worst was I overheard the workers saying they didn't want to make any more donuts for the day. I'm more of a bagel guy myself  but that wasn't the point. It was 11 am!!! What if some poor shlub  goes there at 2 or 3 pm looking for their favorite donut?? I don't know I'm warning you don't make the same mistake I made ... twice. It got two stars just cuz it's dd." Definitely Worth The Trip! "The girl at the register (Stacy) was not paying attention to our order. She gave us the wrong donut and the wrong beverage. Also she was insisting that she gave us 25 munchkins but she only counted 20. It took me couple of ""10+5+5"" before she realized that she did only give us 20." Donuts were great.. Staff was surprised that I didn't want coffee. The brownie batter was soo good. Stale donuts after 4 pm. This is the third time we have gone to this location after 4 pm. Happy a new location south of this one has opened on Tatum and G'way. The least the owner can do is offer donuts at half price after a particular time. Last time for this customer.  and Dunkin Donuts now offers a variety of different breakfast sandwiches and wraps. One of my favorites is the good morning rap. It's pita style bread with egg and your choice of meat. Dunkin Donuts is also a great value unlike some of the other coffee houses in the neighborhood." Shout of to both Shandi and Elisa who are two of the most polite and friendly employees I've met in awhile! Thank you both for making my visit an awesome one!  didn't know about the app for the smart phone.  Was told that I need the app and the phone wasn't with me.   Didn't get the coffee I love me some Dunkin coffee and doughnuts in the morning. It's nice to see smiling faces when you walk through the doors as well. Out of business. They are closed. I tried calling two different numbers for it and both say that it is out of business "Today was the last time I'll ever come to this dunkin donuts. The first time we came here my boyfriend got food poisoning and today the guy took my boyfriends order then walked away and when I tried to order all I could get out was ""bagel with cream cheese"" and he walked away without letting me finish ordering. Then I noticed I hadn't gotten my coffee and when i got my food it was missing an item. The guy said(with attitude) I had to pay for it I have only ever done the drive thru and the team seems friendly. The coffee through drive thru always is toooo sweet. I have found going in is when the coffee is a little better. 