 but if you are going to work or study and need access to the internet then go somewhere else."  this place may not be the best spot to study for a couple hours (esp. during weekend peak times). Tables can be scarce and it seems like the owner staff are less than thrilled about a bunch of sweatshirt clad students detracting from the Walnut St. bistro-charm. If you still decide to hit the books "A nice alternative to the Starbucks down the street. This location is fairly large with couches & comfy chairs in the back by the fire. Their coffee is better than average As some of the other reviewers have pointed out  they informed her that the biscotti was supposed to be that way (didn't she know any better?).  At best  so us scrubby kids taking up tables in the Coffee Tree have a chance to gawk at you for awhile."  i always grab an espresso or latte whenever i'm in shadyside.  i absolutely love their beans.  i even buy their whole beans to brew at home." 1qUYk564SajvwTtkNM6KJA  I've also met some really cool ones.  And what do you think this is?  Starbucks?  Of course they give you a little attitude.  No ""flair"""  read a book or do work.  there are even big couches in the back."  but delicious. This place is perfect when the weather is nice and they can open the garage door. It's definitely a must-visit coffee shop on Walnut." The 2 hour time limit to the internet connection was kind of a bummer (otherwise they'd get 4 stars from me) The stickers at the counter for sticking on your coffee cup always make me smile."  but right now it's pretty gross. Every time I've gone in it's been incredibly crowded with flies everywhere (I had three buzzing around my table at my last visit) and big stains all over the carpet in the quiet room. Meh." Coffee Tree Roasters caught my eye as I walked down Walnut Street because the entire front of the shop is open-air.  There's about three sections for seating and there were plenty of outlets.  It was a bit warm and stuffy inside (this is in early Sept).  The service is fairly fast but I think a lot of people come here as their haunt so it might be difficult to find a spot." Walnut Street has a free wifi connection too!"  and finally in the back they have a closed-in meeting room available for groups. Great location - great tea. It was perfect for the brisk  and there are a lot of people in there who generally look like they are just taking up space and preventing actual patrons from finding a seat. I'm sure this is only magnified during prime study periods I still love it for the giant door into people watching in shadyside and its locale. But otherwise  I'll try to avoid Coffee Tree Roasters and visit one of the other fine coffee shops on Walnut Street if I can."  biscottis and cookies) though hope they will have more savory items for snacking (sometimes they have pita and sandwiches available for purchase). Probably good they have not offered more of a selection for snacks since I feel like I'm always eating and drinking in here anyway..."  this drink is a brewed coffee with a double shot of espresso."  which is good because it's always hella busy in there!  The big open storefront thing is great on a nice day.  I suppose if the Coffee Tree had a selling point  of course. But you will have to make do with it since the tacit rule in Pgh seems to be ""thou shall not keep a coffee shop open after midnight"" even around college campuses where you are almost guaranteed to get reasonable business if you do a good job. Now  as I write this review I realize this may be my favorite coffee house ever."  so I had a beer and then this cup of coffee. I really enjoyed it. There was a lot of flavor. I stumbled upon this place accidentally and am sure glad that I did."  this is a spot I'd avoid....way too crowded!"  as this place seems to be a popular choice among my non-Portuguese French Italian friends: I really thought that the espresso I ordered tasted terrible Slightly disappointed by the quality of their pastries though so I usually just grab a yogurt." Flavorful not bitter I have only had a double espresso iced & a regular I enjoyed it  the restroom is so dirty and smelly. Maybe it's because they have too many customers but I really wish the staff would get the cleaning done right. Bad restrooms give customrers a bad impression!"  very friendly workers and customers (most of the time). Don't waste your time on the wifi though I also ordered a bag of beans.  They had a vast selection of beans at very good quality and had no problem with a coarse grind for my french press.  Overall  the wifi never seems to work for me.  Maybe you have to go further into the coffee shop "I really like this place to meet with friends for a cup of coffee or get some work done or whatever. Sometimes it's tricky to try to concentrate depending on what time of the day you go in. It gets very busy after like 3-5pm and stays that way up until around 9-10pm.. But overall Cute place with a delicious cap! Perfectly proportionate.  but they have those cute little stickers for decorating your cup and I'm all about the stickers. They're usually seasonally themed and are always adorable. It's the little things  I'm sitting at the table right by the entrance and getting 7.8MBps download and 3.5MBps upload (ran speedtest) with the place 75% full. Great decor and open window too I was walking around and decided to try this place out. I asked for a recommendation on a type of ground coffee to take home. The ladies where very helpful and knowledgable. I love the coffee. Thank you. Always a sure bet for people watching. Great seasonal drinks. Basic coffee is just okay. The big couches are great!  but my favorite drink on the menu is the hot apple grogge seasonal in fall and winter. You can add caramel as well if you're feeling decadent. It's the perfect warming drink  but if you plan to work here for most of the day you have to keep refilling or buying other items on the menu. I usually stop in when I'm shopping around Shadyside and miss it now that I've moved out of the neighborhood.  Also a great place for meeting with friends or a casual date."  I am continually amazed at how disgusting the food is. I frequent the one on Walnut street where none of the food or pastries are fresh. I though the food at the S. Craig street store would be different Great place to study considering I've spent entire afternoons and evenings there cramming for exams. The staff is really friendly and if you get a ceramic mug refills for coffee are free! Great place to read or just have a break from the day. Large bay doors are great for letting in sun and fresh air. Typical price range of Starbucks or Caribou with a similar layout as well.  they will open the front window which actually pulls up like a garage door. There is also free wifi so you can get your work done. I also love how they have stickers that I can place on my coffee cup to give it some personality. The ability to add stuff to your coffee is important and having a selection and availability is a good rule of judgement for coffee places. They offer cinnamon The only thing I wish was a bit better was the wifi situation - luckily I was able to get a bunch done without the need for it. Definitely going to keep coming back here and enjoying the space drinks!"  which I'm perfectly capable of doing.) Today I came in and was standing alone at the register and at least 3 employees looked at me without so much as smiling let alone saying ""hello"" or ""we'll be with you in 2 secs."" It's customer service 101 OMG. Mr. Barista. Your not in Seattle. I Live Pacific Northwest.  I'm not a coffee snob I can do with it or without it. But it seemed like I was absolutely bothering the staff this morning. Check the date.  Ordered mocha and a scone.  And got a look.  I'm not a shady side hipster but an average person in workout gear. Felt like I was in someone else's hood.  Get over yourselves people.  Your in Pittsburgh. Tip: try their Sumatra blend"  open windows and coffee related gifts. I ordered the chai and wanted it without sugar but they gave me a sugar free version with sugar substitute." Try the Campfire Mocha. You'll thank me later."  just a very casual atmosphere. The open ""garage door"" store front is a major plus. And the Campfire Mocha will blow your mind!"  but if someone wanted to meet here  they always have solid drip coffee  but this is a solid choice if you're in the neighborhood." Have a tasty coffee and get lost in the crowd. "I am sick of going into this place and finding out the wifi is down. They could at least put a sign outside informing you it's out of commission before you plop down your cash and try to connect a few times. If you've got stuff to do  etc. The atmosphere is perfect for socializing or studying. It is a big space that always has plenty of room. Their cold brew iced coffee is amazing and sometimes they give free refills on it too." It wasn't even that she said it. It was the way she said it. I won't be back. Going to Commonplace across the street This chain has some of the best coffee in Pittsburgh and their rewards with the LoyalTree app can't be beat.  but I LOVE to come here to study and do homework.  Very spacious and I almost always get a seat up top by the fireplace.  I much prefer this location over the Bakery Square one. That one has too many windows and I can never see my computer screen haha."  but if friends wanted to catch up here and get some coffee Great place to study. Quiet and elegant. I always get a regular coffee. It is also delicious and fresh.  I haven't had any coffee problems after something close to 100 orders." "The space is nice and open - airy. The wifi signal is weak. The drinks are not so great. I hated the ""pearls"" in the smoothie. The fruit smoothie didn't seem fresh - maybe fruit flavor from a carton....?  The frozen Carmel coffee drink was much better than fruit smoothie. Iced coffee and regular coffee are ok. I didn't get any food - snacks here."  I like Coffee Tree Roasters and would go again to either study or hang with friends." I'd come back for the ambiance but not so much for the drinks."  there's not a lot of options for coffee in Shadyside. Minus 4 stars for not being much better than Starbucks. An extra star for not being Starbucks." Will definitely come back." I feel like I owe it to the manager here to add to the review above with an updated comment about the 'Queen' rock music day for the last 5 hours. Loll "I have to drop this down a star because I continue to get frustrated with the bad Wifi here (and the two hour restriction).  I also recently came in here to buy a coffee and cookie- and the cookie was over $3 (and not that good).  For any baked goods  I got the Apple pie latte this time and was nothing close to apple. The pastries are pretty good here too."  sit away from the window garage opening."  I needed to find a men's room.  Coffeetree was one of the few stores opened and were accommodating.   They also poured me a large cup of coffee gratis.  Five stars for employees who make it to work in a snowstorm and retain their cheerfulness and empathy for others."  the food and drinks here are mediocre at best. Most of the coffee I've had tasted very bitter or burnt. Most of the pastries I've had were bland. If you're just in the mood for good coffee Huge! That's about where the positives stop. Wifi is spotty. Espresso is pretty bad. Food pastry selection is limited and mediocre. "This is a descent coffee shop. I believe that I have only ever been here on a Saturday when there is a long line to order and all (or nearly all) of the tables are filled. The garage doors on the front of the shop are great when the weather is nice. I have really enjoyed the lattes that I have ordered in the past but was very disappointed in the iced coffee - and the attitude of the barista - I ordered today. Asking for cream and sugar in my iced coffee doesn't warrant an attitude. Plus Good for a nice cup of coffee but their beverages are typically very hot and they do not give you a sleeve to keep the heat away from your hands. I recommend ordering a tea or iced coffee. The pastries and food usually taste stale. It's really nice when they open the garage door during the summer. Studying here is nice because most people are quiet too. A nice diversion from the Starbucks in the area with some really cool decor!  often times they run beverages and all--but in case you find them when they do not have a line out the door... It's well worth it! I am a lover The baristas are pretty nice. It's a big location which is nice." "Very good coffee and early hours got me to visit this place a number of times during a recent stay in Shadyside. It's a spacious place 