overall good school to get your education at. o yea.. the rings are top 10 most recognized rings in the world... (which reminds me i should get one)" Edit 12 24 14: P.S. Someone else (who studied math) mentions in a 1-star review that Duquesne doesn't have any rigorous science programs--that couldn't be FURTHER from the truth. I graduated with a science degree and believe it was a FANTASTIC program and that every other science student I came across in other programs thought the same thing. With my education I believe I could get a job at any lab in the country." In general there is just really no reason to come here and pay twice as much money for this garbage school.  I left this school 60k in debt and could have gotten the same or better education elsewhere - I DO NOT recommend this school." "I'd qualify Duquesne as a school with a lot of solid potential that hasn't yet become what it could be.  The university has obvious financial difficulties despite what undergraduates assure me is relatively high tuition.  It seems like the strongest programs here are pharmacy nursing  they strive to proactively improve upon anything that is less than suitable by any standard. Duquense University is home to many notable alumni and carries a fantastic reputation with its name. You cannot go wrong with this school." I'm graduating Duquesne university soon however it's very easy to get there I've met a lot of friendly people there especially in job sites so very helpful and understanding "Duquesne is a Catholic University with strong programs in several areas including sciences and law.  It is a beautiful urban campus affording it many of the amenities of the city.  Atop the Duquesne campus affords beautiful views of the city.  They have good sports programs and a lighted football field has allowed it to be used as a venue for many high school football games over the years. Many cultural events are held at the A. J. Palumbo Center which is home also to their Dukes basketball team (parenthetically named after Antonio J. Palumbo).  This beautiful and vibrant campus is pleasant to visit for sightseeing One of the greatest things about Queens is the John Belk International Program. You get to go spend a month touring and studying in another country for free! Free might not be accurate  I often neglect the charm and individuality of private colleges. Teaching for the Princeton Review brought me to Queens University Since graduation I have stayed involved with Queens. They have a ton of speakers and learning opportunities that are amazing.  If you are considering going here I'd be willing to speak to anyone about the PMBA program at Queens; I have learned some invaluable lessons already as a result.  Aside from the beautiful campus Great campus and the neighborhood is very nice. the pictures are not doing any justice you need to see it for your self... I had the privilege of chilling with my son @ his school. The years went by so fast and I going to miss these moments. #qmbb Beautiful campus but don't bring any drinks into the conference rooms. "Went for a tour of the campus with my friend Amy and my daughter Kerri who is an aspiring pastry chef.  Very diverse crowd attended.  We were able to see all aspects of campus life - classes had ended for the summer so it was quiet.  The surrounding area is beautiful Ytiiyv0BtcURxRCa4WbP1g Ytiiyv0BtcURxRCa4WbP1g  and centrally located with lots of cool restaurants within walking distance. It's almost got the same feeling as a college campus for a 4 year school  that's an arrogant statement.  I stand behind it.  CPCC get your learn on YO!" CPCC also has a number of satellite campuses around the Charlotte area so it makes it convenient to take classes no matter where you live in the city." Some of the best staff members a student will ever encounter work at CPCC!  I'm not holding my breath for an easy or fast resolution to this problem." Bottom line is if you get any type of refund from CPCC take the debit card and dont go through the ordeal we did because you will get absolutely no help or customer service from the business office at CPCC at all."  just fill out the form to have it sent directly to your bank account and fax it to their office... I know it's 2013 and practically no one has a fax machine HORRIBLE college. Good luck going there or getting help when you needi it. The only person I found to be helpful was Brad and he simply shouldnt have to do anybodies job. I will def be contacting higher management due to the lack of communication I have recieved. I do NOT reccommend this school to anyone who is looking to further their education. I have never seen such a horrible COMMUNITY COLLEGE in my life time.  the class was canceled yesterday and they notified me via my CPCC email account.  I am not a current student so there was no need for me to check into that account.  When I registered over the phone I would suggest CPCC as an excellent option for the student seeking a good education to take into the work place It is a great value for your money & I highly recommend it both for transfer students who want to go on to a university as well as for those who just want a technical 2 year degree." Cpcc customer service is like dealing with people at the DMV. Everyone who I have ever tried to receive help from has given me a half fast job and truly treats customers like they hate their job. I don't think I've had a positive experience yet. But good luck on even getting them ON the phone. You'll call multiple times and leave multiple voice mails before someone gets back to you. You're better off going in to speak to someone face to face. I was signed up for classes but was forced to drop due to a mistake made by financial aid. Do not waste your time here. You're better off taking your money elsewhere.  Mosaic Village is brand new. All the students seem nice so far too. There's a brand new parking deck next to the complex where my car waits for me. The students have suites featuring private bedrooms and shared kitchen & bathrooms. They also have a fitness room but by all means the chillest realest people i met go here. but the staff  this can be a great school. I am a current student here at MATC and I am doing the Liberal Arts Transfer Program to transfer to the big UW here in Madison. When you come here  and I have a friend pursuing a PhD here now. They like the campus and the teachers. The grading scale is tough sometimes "I have lots of friends who have attended this school. There's lots this school has to offer. A rigorous education  and forget it if you're a non-traditional student.  I've often thought they should change their name to 'Illinois A&M' because Engineering and Ag are their strengths.  Undergraduates will frequently have grad teaching assistants (who have little interest or talent for teaching) for their 100- and 200-level courses.  The campus has a lot to offer in terms of culture and the arts "Well I went to school here and loved it and I feel like I got a great education. It may be huge but once you find your niche you will do just fine! You just have to make sure you go to class and take good notes because most classes are so huge they won't harass you to come The weather here is horrible. In the summer you scald and in the winter you freeze  and a $2000 tuition raise over 4 years- WTF! (Keep in mind that my tuition was only $6000 my first year Come here for memorable experiences and lifelong friends.  Oh wait.  You can probably get that anywhere else.  What more do you want?" a1CduvjSstYrmSUoaOHYTQ  but I love Champaign-Urbana. It's a perfect distance from Chicago. The only reason I gave it four stars is because I don't go there so I felt like giving it 5 would've been a bit unfair. Annnnywho  but that's a challenge for you to overcome and learn how to be an adult ILL-INI - Illini til I die!" I-L-L..........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  but don't take it too seriously or you will miss out on all the fun.  Go to one of each type of sports event at least once.  Play frisbee or sunbathe on the quad at least once.  Slip on the ice on your way to class at least once.  Use a fake ID at least once.  Got it?  Good.  Don't waste it I'm a fan. The classes are hard to the whole atmosphere is fantastic for those with an academic bent. No better way to be surrounded by so many different people. Fantastic.  but I would have suffered in so many other ways that it was really one of the best decisions I ever made. UIC has an average age of 22 and much higher diversity rates. That and it is in my wonderful city of Chicago." a1CduvjSstYrmSUoaOHYTQ a1CduvjSstYrmSUoaOHYTQ Its the perfect mix of academics and college life "I am in love with the U of I....I had the best college experience here and met the most wonderful people.  My profs were great "Hopefully my review will be a little different than most since I was a transfer student. I transferred to U of I for my junior and senior years and it was the greatest decision of my life. I previously went to Marquette University for my freshman and sophomore years. I won't say that it is a bad school This is a great academic institution. I love it here.  your classes are large and very tough. They are unofficially called weed courses. They ""weed"" out the students that can't handle them. They ensure that the strong students continue and succeed. This is a very large university. If you are looking for someone to hold your hand and guide your every step  I've got at least another four years to go 'til I get to be Dr. Teej." *edit: As I was asked: I was only a visitor here The best education you can get for your money if you're an in-state student.  Great student body It's a great school; there might not be too much to do around town "The only good thing about Champaign is the school itself.  There are a bunch of interesting characters and plenty to do.  Its really good for engineering and overall  my now husband was in a fraternity and had the time of his life.  The towns are small but more industry is slowly creeping its way down to Champaign/Urbana.  The main drag at U of I is Green Street and all the bars and shops near school with the cheap prices made my time at U of I one of the best times in my life.  If I could go back in time to relive it all One of the best research institutions in the world with many high ranking programs. a1CduvjSstYrmSUoaOHYTQ  the people where all so open-minded..and of course of the THE largest Greek systems in the nation did not disappoint this grad."  and the squirrels that will jump up on you anticipating receiving some bread. They are that friendly." I've enjoyed much of my experience on campus- especially the opportunities to interact with Professors in small group settings.  If you want to succeed on this campus a1CduvjSstYrmSUoaOHYTQ "My son is a senior in high school and he is considering U of I.  To get a better feel for the campus culture we went to the homecoming football game today.  I noticed that the cheerleading team is all white and I didn't see any African American kids in the band  but I would contend that people who take that position have never left campus or spent time trying to find something to do with their time.  There are lots of things to do and places to spend time that don't involve drunk undergrads.  And  though Illinois has more than its fair share of them  I am very proud of my experience and education at the U of I; and I will always be fond and grateful for my four years there."  LOTS of partying that gets out of hand and dangerous  food is around 5-15 a meal. 50 dollars of grocery can last you a week and a drink at the bar is around 3." "A beautiful campus with the main quad (preferably viewed on during a May sunset) as the crown jewel.  Best know for its top ranked EE/CS and other engineering departments but it also has a truly amazing school Of animal sciences/ agricultural engineering. It may not be near a big city but -A lot of lab/research opportunities are for graduate students only."  many of the programs should be avoided.  Steer clear of the College of Media entirely.  Some programs are excellent:  engineering The area around has grown quite a bit with big high rise apartments and a new Marriot (TownePlace suites) on Green and new restaurants I am a current undergraduate and I have loved the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. I love the College of Business and the variety of courses it has to offer. Especially their experimental classes in the 395 sections such as Data Analytics and Digital Marketing. The University of Illinois is really moving upwards and always trying to improve itself. "We had an info session and tour for my brother yesterday. The info session was very informative and the students who did the Q and A were knowledgeable. Our tour guide was not. She had no idea what was going on and told us many times she took us in the wrong direction 