 I believe the waiters waitresses could hustle a little more or the club should hire more waiters waitresses. I get grouchy when my glass is sitting empty for more than 2 mins."  the atmosphere is pretty nice  was having to wait in line outside before the show started. It was freeeeezing! They should put heaters outside. seriously." We got our checks quickly  stick to beer and wine and eat at a better restaurant beforehand. The talent is really what you're there for so The food leaves little to be desired. We decided for the sake of time to grab dinner at the venue since the show started at 7. Having a free appetizer coupon we ordered the spinach and artichoke dip along with the sauteed grilled chicken. Spinach and artichoke dip was good though cheesy rich along with cheese sprinkled on top of the chips. Sauteed grilled chicken - hmmm.... I think the chicken was frozen - definitely not fresh - and the guacamole was artificial with a glop of cheese. It looked like a mess with big ole pile of fries. A lot of food for $10. Service has always been pleasant though they do automatically tack on the tip for you at 18%."  my first drink was weak and the 2nd was quite strong!  All in all  most comedians head over to the Rock Bottom after to imbibe. Dave Attell is a regular at both places. Two drink minimum Will you see us here again?  Probably... but cost makes it unlikely to be a weekly thing for us." Anyhow to catch a comedy show at the Improve is a pleasure."  I don't like the idea of being required to purchase food just to see a comedy show.  I can see why they do it  but I'd be happy to get you another one.""  Just because there's a 10 dollar refillable soda option on the menu doesn't mean people all figure it out.  Most patrons don't even bother reading the beverage section of the menu if all they want is a standard beverage offered almost everywhere (like a cola or diet cola) p.s. when I used my groupon I didn't have any trouble"  they had added an 18% gratuity without permission or notification.  I will not be returning anytime soon."  you will see some of the same opening acts repeated. This is my biggest gripe with the Improv. I've been to the Improv about 3 times over the past 4 months and have seen the same opening acts a few times. I think they cycle through the same 4-5 comedians. Are there not more talented comedians in Pittsburgh? As noted in other reviews The Improv should consider outsourcing the food prep to a catering company. I truly believe that's the only thing that can save this place. Do yourself a favor and eat beforehand tv8cS4aaA1VDaInYgggb6g  the service was much improved. The burger I ordered was fantastic and warm. Our waitress kept the drinks coming without interrupting us while the comedian was on stage. We were also able to sit in the front this time and it was a great experience. I'll be going back soon!" The comics we saw were funny as well. Will definitely go back!" I love that we have a great comedy club in Pittsburgh with a great location at the Waterfront.  Perfect for a date night and I recommend going to a later show and grabbing dinner beforehand.  I received an online coupon code for $5 tickets for John Heffron. What a deal-def. check for deals before you pay full price for any shows here.  We went early to pick up the tickets at the ticket office.  People were lined up outside about an hour before the show and it was freezing out.  I had no interest in doing this so we grabbed a beer across the street at Rock Bottom. Once they opened the doors (15 minutes before show time) the line went quickly and even though we were at the end we still got seated at a table in the back.  It is not huge inside so there aren't really any bad seats.  They usually have an MC for the night who starts  warming up the crowd. This guy was funny and so was the opening act before John Heffron.  My only complaint about this place is that they have a two drink minimum and the prices are outrageous.  $9.50 for a mixed well drink and $7 for draft beers.  The soda was $3.50! Yikes!  At least we didn't pay full price for the tickets. I would definitely return to the Improv.  I just hope I always have a rather positive experience!"  we may as well eat there too. I should have gotten on here and read the reviews before making that decision. We had what seems to be a typical experience at the improv. We were handed a paper menu with 4 items on it when we walked in the door. There was no other menu at the table and our waitress didn't offer us one either. She wanted our order  I will most likely return to the Improv....but not for the service. Because it's a great place to see comedy shows and isn't that expensive. Customer service is terrible." "I went here for the first time the other night and had a great time!  The comedian was hilarious and it was a great intimate setting for a fun night out with friends!  My only complaint was that it was a little pricey for the overall experience because not only do you need to buy a ticket "Wast there last Friday. Seats right in front if the stage. The show was good. The headliner  it can end up being a pretty unexpectedly and unreasonably expensive affair."  we will be going back often.  Great line up of top name acts coming to town.  extremely nice staff. highly recommend."  so they were really behind schedule. The show started around 10:45 pm with two opening comedians before the main act. The show was over around 1:00 am. The only negatives were that the staff was not very friendly and immediately told me that I have to buy a minimum of two items off of the menu. ($30 ticket isn't enough?) I was not hungry and did not want to drink My shrimp diablo. It was as described. Spicy and good!!! But hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable. We also sent an order of chicken fingers back...dryer than sand. And my fiancs chicken Caesar salad chicken was as dry as the chicken fingers. Barely edible  TGI Friday's would have been better. I've been to other comedy places in other cities and they often have minimums but everything is either a lot cheaper or a lot better quality.  The Improv's saving grace is that they often have free or very cheap tickets." "The food is why I give them three stars.  Burger was processed and 1 2 raw  first served.  Whoever designed this place should be shot.  There is no lobby to hold people before a show.  The Improv in Cleveland is superb.  That location has a huge lobby and bar where you can mingle before the show and they have ushers seat you.  The Pittsburgh Improv is a disaster layout-wise.  Beverage service was fine.  It got really  we love the comedians so we'll definitely be back." Check out yippit.com or sign up for Goldstar.com before buying tickets at full price. You can usually find substantial discounts for shows on one of those two sites. Sure there's a two drink minimum but I'm thinking that it helps pay for the comics and helps keep the price of admission down.  When you think about it Roxy was very funny. Would definitely come back to see her!  and you'll be looking at 5 stars from most.  No one wants to come to the Improv to get ""Straint Up"" (see what I did there I love a good night of comedy. But recently i have gone to a couple and they were not all that funny one was a special event too. I would recommend eating at another restaurant prices seem to be a little over priced. "I went to The Improv tonight with my husband and some friends and saw Theo Von. So funny. We had a great time.  Waitress was friendly and very helpful without being intrusive during the show at all. Pretty few options for food  there needs to be reform on this pricing structure. Come out with a new deal of paying full price for the tickets and then waiving the 2-item minimum!" Located in Homestead in Waterfront area.  Not as cool as if it were in the city Don't want to make her mad already"". They then tried to seat us in between parties on the booth bench against the back wall which with large men in our party that was not okay.  We decided to move to an end table and try again with a 5th chair and the waitress in this area was fine with it and extremely friendly. She saved the review! The drinks were fine  but I did snag tickets on Goldstar for $10 a piece so I feel like it probably balanced out and the 3 comedians were great so I won't complain. I will say the food didn't really look all that great in comparison to the prices 