 but the people who work here are great. This is my favorite one!"  I will always go to Boston Market if given the choice." She also forgot to include my cornbread. This place would do well to hire people who enjoy working with the public." "I wish I didn't have to give even 1 star. Horrible service. I ordered family dinner for 4 plus 2 extra sides. I got sighs and eye rolls from the cook and the girl waiting on me. I got home and no extra sides. I paid for them but they didn't put them in the bag. I called and was told that they would send me a card for family dinner for 3 since they charged me for items not received. I called again on July 2nd as they never sent anything. I spoke with Autumn who advised me that she was a manager and would send out a gift card as previously promised. Still have not received. So if you choose this location make sure to check your order because they love to charge you for items you won't receive and have no follow through. I would be happy to get my 10.00 back. This started on June 24th. Terrible servce. We went there at least 1x a month and had no problem spending money I don't remember Boston Market going that far above and beyond standard fast food service... not sure of this is new company mandate or if it's just this location Love this place for it's food. The service was superbly helpful in ordering and humorous personalities  to boot. Can't wait 'til my next visit!  people were nice but not overly nice.  The only super weird thing was there were no napkin dispensers and no trash cans for patrons.  You had to ask for napkins and you were supposed to leave your garbage for the employees to pick up.  It was kind of strange.  I feel like every restaurant should have at least one garbage can in the dining room." uOwuJJhGaiAzuaDY7-o14g OWlWtMJ2DByD650Lw7IXaQ  pretty cool to get real plates and silverware when dining in."  stuffing and sweet potato yams. The cream spinach however seems to be different each time we order it. The cornbread while still good seems to have been reduced in thickness. I've also had the chicken pot pie and so scrumptious. Boston Market always hits the spot and service has always been peppy with no complaints."  you get real plates and silverware. The food is always delicious. It's about $10 a plate but that's pretty much what you pay many places. You'll always enjoy your meal here."  ""Meh.  I've experienced better.""" the ribs were so tender" "next to upmc hospital. new decor felt like a real restaurant. food was really good. clean  I love this place for a quick bit!! If ur on a diet this is a great to stop for fast food ..yummmyyy lunch stop Years ago I definitely would have given this Boston Market a five stars.  I now give this Boston Market four stars because of the corporate policy.  Boston Market serves their meals on real glass plates and real silverware.  Once customers are finished with their meals they leave everything on the tables.  During busy times when the dining room often looks messy as tables are often cluttered with napkins and dished which often have uneaten food on it.  I like the old method alot better.  Plastic plates and customers throw their own trash away. Always love Boston market - this location is no different. Got the rotisserie chicken dinner bowl through the drive through and it was a good sized portion What could have been a very positive experience was absolutely ruined by this man." So I will be back! Despite the occasional whole rotisserie chicken that my family would buy "All time favorite bar on campus! This bar was rated in Playboy (haha) as one of the top campus bars! It's always extremely rowdy I used to bartend there while I was in college "A must try once kind of bar for me. Had a great time here during the day after a bar scramble. Not so great at night when the typical crowd gets there. A little on the pale side for me. But when you get ranked by Playboy as a top college bar I miss Kams and for all you mother scratchers there for the summer  but your 60-year-old father has read about it in Playboy and shouts from the psych building across the street: ""THERE'S KAMS! WOW!"" So then The vomit smell is even there at like 8AM on Tuesday mornings!  When I was in college  despite the fact it imposes a variety of ills on the nearby sidewalk and air. I still don't know how people manage to navigate the miasma with enough strength left to even open the door. I suspect it is facilitated by a uniquely potent protective layer of bright sienna self-tanner You can find cheap drinks with ""attractive"" and coherent people almost anywhere else in Champaign Urbana. LOOK!"  and then take your money to Espresso Royale and give them the business whilst drinking on the sly. Now." RwhUzMEG2tVnZQY9dEuXzw  and went there with some friends my first few weekends there. I definitely learned my lesson and never went back Just get some toilet paper in the ladies room stalls!" Plus someone told me once that a girl got syphilis of the foot from wearing flip flops here."  come here. The only time I'm ever here is during a bar crawl."  or better yet the Union cafeteria on a Friday night...now those people know how to party!  Ever wonder why you can't get laid?  Because you are a NERD"  welcome to KAMS - your personal hell."  bad smells. Recently voted as the best place in Champaign-Urbana to have a one night stand. So Ladies...pass this one up. You can do better!"  til the next good song comes on.  KAMS is always filled with student athletes with the throngs of girls surrounding them.  Drinks are cheap - find a frat guy and he'll buy you drinks all night long in hopes you'll go home with him.  Cheap night out."  but they need to just realize that it has gone down hill very fast in the most recent years. The servers on more than one occasion have been to drunk to serve me let alone be working. & also on more than one occasion someone in my group has stepped in throw up. I will not miss this bar or ever return. Someone needs to mop it every once in awhile. I'll pass on this one & walk the extra half block to firehaus.. or actually id rather walk to any other bar but KAMS."  Kam's is a wonderful place to bring a date or just have a night of wine-drinking."  because they were out of Corona and when will I ever be able to say again that I drank a Ed Hardy beer? (Obviously I am a beer connoisseur.) (It wasn't terrible.) All the games were on  or at least bring a clothes pin for your nose." "Kams. Smells like a hamster cage in serious need of a bedding change. Drinks are totally average Ok. The two stars are because the floors had many sticky diseases on it. WTF? Don't they clean the floors? But the bartenders did make me forget about the nastiness with the strong and cheap drinks. That was the only reason it didn't get one star. I'd go back if I'm in Champaign again. One only imagines how many evenings that end in sexual assaults have started in Kams." (This review also applies to the lesser-known Koms)"  it's probably best that you stay away from that bar altogether.  That about sums up my experience with this staple on-campus venue." "Came here 10 years after my graduation...and not much has changed.  It still smelled like vomit  unless you're looking to meet the most obnoxious people in the whole city when they're in full bar crawl mode."  and poor life decisions. And just when you can't stand it anymore and want to leave Dont go here until someone buys it again its really a piece of shit"  and worst of all floors are infamously covered in some gelatinous sticky muck from spilled beers and god knows what else." One star is too much. I haven't been to Kams since I went to college. I went there for the memories. I told one of the bouncers and he put my group in the VIP line. When I got to the front with my group he acted like he had no idea who I was. This was humiliating at best. Kams sucks and we will never go back.  and most importantly everything that makes no sense to an ordinary human at all."  but we decided to give it a go on our ""reunion"" tour thirty years later.  What a mistake.  It only goes to show that PT Barnum was right and euthanasia may have untapped possibilities.  Grimy Anybody expecting better from a campus bar missed their exit...3 hours north near Evanston..." This place is a hellhole and a sorry excuse for a classic college dive bar." *https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/brain-babble/201501/smells-ring-bells-how-smell-triggers-memories-and-emotions"  it's wall to wall people: so basically a huge fire hazard. Basically it's a college bar Frat boy douchebag feel. Early 2000s Pop remixes. There's a strong smell of vomit throughout the bar.  2 flavored drinks and 2 deserts and it cost less than $25.  Bam baby." "This is the oldest operating soda fountain in the Southwest (from 1928!).  good jukebox ... and they have REAL phosphate sodas and malts (very very yummy!) ... as well as your typical soda fountain stuff (circa 1928-50's) ... It's cool as hell but I wish they would have restored the place rather than keeping it ""as is"" ... it's a little rugged from the years but very cute and REAL.  I gotta say ... it really is a MUST see for all!" Great place to take kids or out-of-towners...and you can check out the cute antique store next door if you need to wait for a table"  sooo cool!!  Eat their Mouthwatering food while you sing along to the coolest oldies overhead.   I must say my favorite meal is a tie between their Egg Salad and Chicken Salad Sandwich... mmmmmmmm... oh and their split pea soup!!!  Cocunut Egg Cream Soda!!!! AND THEY SERVE THRIFTY'S ICE CREAM!! THE BEST Banana Split you will find!   And you get to shop while you wait for your food! YES! 2 rooms filled with the neatest trinkets  and grabbing an old-fashioned soda. Amazing." I think in the future I will stick to beverages only at this old time soda shop!"  but it looked like they have a bunch of great stuff at good prices. Check it out."  feel and approach to business.  Writing this is making me hungry for their food again.  I need to find an appointment to schedule downtown so I can lunch there next week." P.S. Sometimes the service can seem a bit oddly timed but when you take into account the division of labor and the nature of the place it does make sense.  Also The decor/nostalgia is the only thing that makes this place work.  It is a great place to keep around and I wish they would turn it into more of an all night diner but it is fine for what it is." "It was 10:45 Saturday morning and I wanted coffee. I knew of a place right down the street from me and to my disappointment it was closed! WTF! Any way I went searching for a cafe. I wanted to sit down and read the new times with a cup of coffee. I actually started my journey thinking I would stop at the drip. But when i got there that place just seemed to modern for me. I was in a funky mood and just wanted a nice cup of coffee We may be back at some point considering my prize was 30 dollars in gift certificates to the restaurant.  Maybe I will have a better experience next time.  For now though  and overall offerings are a testament as to why it's still standing after eight decades."  nice sandwich selection.  Homemade veggie burgers.  Nothing on the menu will blow your mind  is always good.  I love the atmosphere of this restaurant as well as the neighboring thrift shop that is fun to browse while the food cooks.  And the egg cream sodas are delicious!  Not to mention visiting a piece of Phoenix history at the same time - I love it!  The only downside to this place? I wish they were open later into the evening..."  can I get a strawberry malt with that Black Bean Burger? Ahem  it will be a pleasure to go there. If that sounds icky  but tasty and substantial. The strawberry milkshake I got was rich and plentiful; I wish I could have finished it but I was too full from the burger. Definitely worth the visit."  MacAlpines is the first place I'm taking her in Phoenix." You also MUST check out the vintage clothing/ furniture in the room next door before you leave !"  I guess that means I won't be gaining 20 pounds anytime soon." ICE CREAM - OFF THE SCALE" FOUR STARS FOR ATMOSPHERE AND FOOD!" Lovely service.  Good food.  Love the incorporation of the antique shop.  Made for a wonderful date night and we'll go back again. "My wife and I were only in Phoenix for three days and we ended up at MacAlpine's twice. It was that good. The shakes were great I am not downtown that often but rest assured  it's a fun time warp every time I go in there.  Their shakes are delicious and so big you get the leftover serving in the metal mixing cup.  Their food is tasty and like mum made it.  They always have vintage tunes on and you can browse the antiques and collectibles next door in between dining."  but really I just wanted to dust the place."  and could not be eaten.  My husband and son had a preformed patty for a burger.    My daughter  had a BLT.  Really?  How can you make a GROSS BLT!  It just made me sick that we spent $50 dollars on such a truly bad meal.  The malts were good.  It took us getting through 3/4 of our meal before they came though.  The wait staff was two college age girls that you could tell didn't give a rip if the customer was getting good service.  Go there for a malt or shake and call it good.  Everything else sucked."  phenomenal atmosphere...and today Definitely a place to bring out of town friends to on a hot summer day to cool off and take some pictures :)"  we found it! I can't believe we found it so easily. The lady was so nice and told us she would hold it for 24 hours so we can look some other places before making the final decision. The way the place is set up is so awesome. I loved how the little diner was in the middle. We were going to go there but just felt like something different for dinner. The whole feel of this place is completely unique and fun. The store is all spread out so you never have someone breathing down your neck asking what you want. I will definitely be back to this place. Probaby today :)" Very friendly staff and kitchy decor. Really great soda fountain. Best egg cream I've had in a very long time. Food is straight forward and unpretentious. Very tasty. Good value.  juicy and amazing. Also had a blueberry cheesecake ice cream float which was decadent and delicious. Every waitress is dressed in vintage outfits and they are all stunning. Most of the clientele are Also wearing fun vintage clothes. And are hot lol. Great food It's hard to top a place with 50+ soda/phosphate/shake flavors and can also put together a perfect pastrami on rye.  One of the experiences in Phoenix.  Finish your meal and buy some antiques when you're done.  in a minor way - I'll let you find out why. Highly recommend. Wonderful service "This place makes me feel like I've just gone back in time! Its right in my neighborhood and so convenient to just walk or ride my bike over. The staff is so nice and personable Great sandwiches and a real soda fountain.  Try a cherry lime phosphate.  Trust me.  but nothing special.  Split a sundae with your honey on a hot afternoon and you'll be hooked." R6aazv8FB-6BeanY3ag8kw Total price: 30$ including ice cream  decor and atmosphere gets 5 stars indeed. Great jukeboxes at each booth (2 Plays for a quarter) vintage everything everywhere with sensory overload in a good way ... the food was Ok but not  as noteworthy as the ambiance ... wait staff was friendly and service was prompt even though it was very full at 1pm when I ate there .... will I return? the verdict is still out but probably yes to just try a milkshake which I hear from other reviews is worth the price ..." I love this place ! so much atmosphere and history! The ice cream is really yummy too .  one of the best thing if not THE best thing about Phoenix. The old-fashioned soda fountain is complete with adjacent thrift store which has the best finds. The staff are super sweet and they can make a mean sundae  I'm going to be crazy and try the ""dill pickle"" phosphate."  we passed a large empty table that still had the messy remains of previous diners and wondered why the not-busy-at-all waitstaff hadn't cleaned it up yet. The food was on the high side of ""just OK.""  The malt Eat lunch elsewhere but stop in for a fizzy  you can visit the vintage store with old clothes  it's just like a 1950's diner.  Their sundaes are absolutely D-lish.  They also sell vintage kitsch like furniture "I used to drive by Mac Alpine's everyday on my way to work and was always curious about what they had to offer.  It took me awhile to make it a point to stop in I definitely want to go back and try the ice cream."  you can bring a part of the past out with you from their huge selection of vintage and retro finds. Don't go there expecting the quickness and flexibility of a ""chain restaurant "I take my little brother here every year for his birthday.  So cute and such a great atmosphere!  I don't drink soda Great ambiance and a million soda flavors to choose from. Their vintage furnishings & clothes are in great condition!  complete with the red lipstick...the place was originally a pharmacy and soda shop est. 1928. Has the original counters. Go for the root beer floats I few years back I worked around the block from MacAlpines. My coworkers and I would go there for lunch and several rounds of freshmade cherry cokes. YUMMM!!!! I miss those days!! "Love the charm of the place. I only wish they had a burger that did not taste as if it were boiled. And yes Oh yeah! And the soda fountain drinks are out of is world!"  so I will definitely return."  but no one took our order or even gave us a menu or a ""hello"" until we'd been sitting for about 10 minutes. A party of 8 or so I throughly enjoyed my trip to MacAlpine's and will be going back with my daughter to try the dill pickle shake as she's obsessed with pickles!" "Fantastic selection of sodas! I highly recommend the red velvet cupcake flavor as an ice cream float! The food is mediocre  it is one of a kind place that is for sure. Place is located between two antic furniture stores so when you walk in you have furniture all around and then you walk into an old cafe. Witnesses are dressed the part since the placed opened in 1928 and look super cute This offers such a nice selection of fountain drinks.  The counter servers really dress the part.  Neat place.  I won't be back. But the atmosphere and food quality would suit children well  the food was much better than the last time I was there which was 15 years ago.  It is Diner type of food  very impressive :) Thank you MacAlpine's for being located down the street from me It's also a nice touch to see the servers dress up in authentic 30s and 40s attire."  who are awesome--was that the waitresses were professional and competent.  They earned a good tip and they treated us well."  and at least you know you're getting the real-deal in an original diner rather than a tacky imitation or chain restaurant."  the daughter is very hard to please! She liked the potato's but she had to pick through the rest of the ingredients! She was ecstatic about being able to create her own shake! She ordered a banana and cheesecake shake Awakens with a hangover more vicious than the Thursday following Wine Wednesdays at ASU. Remembers MacAlpines fondly while taking 3 Ibuprofen. Goes back to sleep." Worth a visit to say you have been there... and if you want a soda fountain  like me that doesn't like dirty old things hanging everywhere especially where you are eating I had an excellent ice cream soda and a great sandwich for lunch. The decor/seating was excellent. I felt like i went back in time just walking in. The food and staff were tops! Highly recommended! ""  You can't help but enjoy a visit into the local time machine AKA MacAlpine's Soda Fountain."  because I think thats what this place is known for.  But we were just getting a quick bite to eat before we headed to the film bar.  At the end of the meal they gave us the wrong check  Soda Jerk (who is not really one) and outstanding waitresses!" What a neat place reminds me of the old fashioned soda fountain that I vaguely remember as a kid growing up in NJ. The food and ice cream is great! Ice cream and antiques are the way to spend the day!" I'm going to tell everyone I know about this place!"  also there are antiques inside to take a look at before or after you eat."  we always meet here and bring people when they are visiting from out of town.  Mercedes was so sweet and such a great waitress to have. The other girls were cute too!" "Very cozy little place. Good service and fairly good food for a good price. And you get to shop Vintage clothing afterwards! My Mom adores this place  wrong topping. But it took so long to get that I just ate it. I'm not going to complain too bitterly over ice cream. And I hope this place works out its kinks and does well."  at least in recent years. Would eat one again. The chocolate milk shake was OK but could have used a tad more syrup but I'll go back but only to look at the antiques and maybe try some different sodas."  I saw several families just hanging out at the counter and sharing a sundae.  It looks to be the perfect local hangout spot. The vintage store is pretty popular as well--with usual mix of curiosity seekers and treasures hunters.   I personally didn't find anything that I would want to take home  it was definitely worth the stomach ache that I got afterwards.  If I were rating just the shakes in this review it would be 5/5.  Will be back to MacAlphines to have have one of their creative shakes." Great atmosphere and delicious food! The chocolate shakes are great and the sandwiches are refreshing. Definitely a lunch spot to remember :)  ambiance and dessert were all pretty good The only reason I gave two stars is the ice cream soda I had was good.  I had the pineapple upside down cake and I would actually go back just for that.  It's just hard to go back to a restaurant when all you want is a drink." "The young man behind the ice cream counter knows what he's doing. Red Velvet Shake! They literally have dozens of flavors and ways to serve creamy treats "This is a super cute restaurant with a simple yet delicious menu. They stick to basics which I love. They also have a vintage items that you can admire and purchase. Its a great place if you want a quick  until tonight. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and was shocked to see that fries aren't even offered as a side. I took one bite of the burger and found bone fragments in the frozen beef. My sister also sent back her bean/veggie burger. It looked equally disgusting. It will take a lot of convincing to get me to go back."  delightful and gave great suggestions and surprised us with various concoctions of fountain drinks that were delicious. We had the Macburger and hot pastrami sandwiched. We had such a good time after our school tour we returned for ice cream soda's. Breakfast at Tiffany's and Casablanca were scrumptious . Go eat and shop for vintage clothes and jewelry.  Had no idea this quaint gem was so close to my office." I loved the ambiance of this place.  I thought it was just a soda fountain shop but also a vintage shop.  They kept everything classic looking as if you were in a true old American soda fountain shop.  My sundae was delicious! I guess management did not anticipate being busy the Sunday during memorial weekend." "This is one of the coolest places I've found in Phoenix. It has such a wonderful atmosphere and the employees are ridiculously friendly. I've gone back twice in one week since my first time because they have so much delicious ice cream and options to try. The first time I ever went I had an Italian Soda with Mango syrup "Checked this out for the first time with my boyfriend on Father's day. Waitresses were super cute and friendly. Ordered an Ice Cream Soda with Butterscotch soda and pecan praline icecream. It was sooo good! Had the reuben sandwich was also really good. Not a fan of their potato salad or cole slaw "So this place is not a great place to take your kids for some ice cream .  I give the Ice cream four stars because its wonderful. The service gets three stars... not so great.  The food gets two stars...stay away from the turkey burger the meats gray and has no taste.  The daily special is your best bet if you are really hungry and cant wait to go someplace better.  The decor is nice and authentic for its time but I don't understand why it has an antique shop attached to it.  There isn't even a door separating the restaurant from a huge amount of vintage clothing.  Vintage cloths and kids with sticky fingers don't mix.  Of course my son wanted to look at all the vintage stuff and when he tried on an old hat (with my permission) an older woman(maybe the owner) yelled at him and told him "" the vintage cloths are not for dress up"".  I was going to buy the hat for him because I could tell that  he really liked it but if he cant even try it on I don't see the point.  We left the so called Ice Cream shop/Goodwill disappointed and a little angry that we had spent so much over $100 on food and ice cream for the family.  Even though this is an ice cream shop I wouldn't take your kids." You can't beat the atmosphere at this place. I bought a google offer for here a while ago and stopped in on a Sunday afternoon. There were some people inside but it wasn't too crowded. I started in the antique shop wandering around and then made it into the restaurant. I had an ice-cream soda and it was divine. Next time I'd probably split one as the drinks are large. I didn't eat anything but the food looked yummy. I also wandered to the vintage shop next door. It was fun looking around and reminscing. "Great experience! I got ""The Brady Bunch"" it was really sweet but it tasted very good. I also had the homemade Black Bean Veggie Burger. It was very good too."  sandwiched on both sides by antique and vintage stores. There's plenty to look at. Unfortunately I can't say the burgers (turkey or cow) were very good. Not bad  they close up shop pretty early during the week." "A friend recommended this place so I brought my 4 year old son with me.  Very good.  We each had a chocolate milkshake.  Not earth-shattering spectacular Great place to eat at." Perhaps my favorite part of our visit was the thrift/antique store. They have an amazing selection of treasures. I spent $50 on old photos for my assemblage art and wished I had won the lottery so I could afford all the vintage cameras The best ice cream establishment any of our family has ever been to.  All of the floats are incredibly good.  You never run out of soda.  Nothing compares.  Plus they have very cool antiques to check out while your waiting.  I will be back soon.  Very cool to find a place like this one in AZ!  topped with whipped cream and nuts. OMG it was soooo yummy!! Biggest sundae I had ever been served! And you can bet I ate that entire thing!  When we got our bill we couldn't believe how cheap it was for all that amazingness! We can forgive the customer service because that's not the main reason we went there in the first place." A/C wasn't working too great last time I went so it was a bit hot considering it was the triple digits mid-summer Phoenix. I only had their Nutty Professor pistachio soda ice cream to cool off as it was too hot for me to feel like eating but its a great place to explore with the vintage shop in the next room and over all great service. Definitely we'll be back for the great soda + ice cream." On both sides of the restaraunt they have some pretty cool antique shops with prices that are pretty decent.  I highly recommend checking it out."  but I would guess I would like it.  The cherry phosphate was also a first for me.  I'm still not sure what to think of it.  Kind of medicinal at first  malts italian sodas are amazing too. Seems like there is a lot of staff turnover (or maybe they just have a lot of staff) it even smells antiquey in there." "I had a cheese burger here last night. The patty tasted as if it had been heated more than once and possibly had a visit with the microwave  but the ice cream and soda was fantastic and made up for the meal. The second time was a bummer. It was crowed and with little working staff things did not get done. If you go just make sure it is not crowded and order as many soda's as you can."  lace bodice with a tule ballroom gown dotted with lace daisies and a detachable LONG daisy adorned tule train.  With a few updates and some modification this dress is the most beautiful dress I have ever seen. I said YES tho the dress at MacAlpines!!!!!  Who would of ever thought I would find my dress here? The girls at the soda fountain were so helpful and super fun! They then proceeded to make me a wedding cake soda! SO GOOD!!! It was the best and most fun unexpected wedding dress buying experience I could've ever hoped for. This is a memory that will last forever....thank you girls!!! You are the best!!! I will send you a wedding picture for sure!"  a little venture through time  despite the fact that I believe I have noticed an espresso machine behind the counter.  If I'm right about that  and bric a brac from days gone by. Sometimes I just stop by the shop."  and my very first soda phosphate experience. Been here a few times and excited to take friends soon. Just a really great I've heard the food is horrible so I wouldn't touch it considering the many other great eateries in the area. The only flaw I have found with this place is the hours of operation...they close really early which is horrible when the late night sweet tooth hit.  Great place to go on a hot day or on the weekends...especially if you like soda." I love this place I went here with a living social. I love old fashion feel places. This is def a phx jem! I had a fancy soda and ice cream basically a amazing soda cream drink that tasted like a pie! I love their uniforms here too reminded me of a serendipity :)  AND I must say your boutique is to die for.  Every meal  a little dry for my taste. They had probably over 100 different ""sodas"" I ordered the hubba bubba soda which was flavored soda (or syrup) with strawberry ice cream. I wish I had ordered a regular flavored soda like a good old fashioned Cherry Coke! This place was awesome! It had such a fun retro vibe!" Only gripe is that it closes at 8. Don't they know most people want dessert between the hours of 8-10 pm??"  and it was a fun little time traveling experience." Id gladly brave the blue lips again for that delicious little step back in time."  you need to experience this." R6aazv8FB-6BeanY3ag8kw  I love the nostalgic vibe here. My favorite meal here would have to be the veggie burger with a carrot raisin salad as the side and whatever delicious shake I decide to gorge myself on for the day. My last shake there a couple days ago was the red velvet cake shake....It is the most wonderful liquid concoction I have had there yet! They are currently having an amazing sale on vintage items too! I scored a cute grey handbag for less than $10!!" "I can understand how this location can get some extra points for being quaint  but it will certainly not get points for being clean.  The soda I had was great but I could not get over how dirty and run down this place was.  The staff where inattentive and to be honest completely useless Tip I  think it's a little too much ...  the prices are reasonable. And...there is phenomenal shopping next door in there retro store. Our really cool  mid century living room couch and Heywood Wakefield dining room table are from MacAlpine's. My sister  did a vintage wedding and her bridesmaids bought vintage dresses from MacAlpine's. She also bought gorgeous brooches for her wedding bouquet . This place is amazing for both shopping and dining!" "The food is absolutely dreadful. I ordered a cheeseburger and it was undoubtedly not only the worst cheeseburger but probably the worst meal I have ever eaten in my entire life. The place has this really strange odor when you walk in  but that's because I am always stuffed after I've eaten whatever I ordered.  I love the 'old' standbys...the egg salad sandwich and mushroom soup!  or the blt!   The wait staff is adorable.  And we get to do a little vintage shopping  I hope this little place continues on for generations as a institution the the days gone by..."  enjoyed the custom made old tyme soda fountain drinks and ice cream. Looking at the antique store connected to the restaurant was fun.  Why 2 star?  The food.  It was dreadful.  They are not even trying to make it good.  I would forgive them if they made an effort "Family owned business that serves up the best one of a kind flavors of soda floats I've ever experienced. I had ""Breakfast at Tiffany's Other than that the place is fun and the service is friendly. The food was ok  swing by this wonderful little slice of Americana if you find yourself up in Phoenix.  What a wonderful little place!"  great ice cream and malts."  giant hamburger on Lindsay has the best. And the staff are phenomenal....always friendly. Sorry wanted to like this place...the other staff seemed nice enough and I think one of the other girls noticed and tried to make better when we checked out...so at least they tried. But won't return for the food or shakes. I will stop to peruse antiques again after I eat at one of the other restaurants along the same street." Really loved my first visit to MacAlpine's and I will definitely be going back for round two and three and four and..." This is a fun restaurant to visit with out of town guests or families with kids that want to enjoy a sundae with the little ones." I will come back here I just won't order food next time."  definitely get a dessert rather than a meal. Their sundaes are huge Charming old-fashioned soda fountain just north of downtown Phoenix. Fun atmosphere. Great place to take the family. Try the turtle sundae--outstanding!  they do have a few vegetarian options. The sodas and ice cream sodas are of course the main attraction. The butter beer...OMG delicious! Exactly how I would've imagined it to taste when reading the books. In other words "I love this place. Me and my buddy went and got floats one day. Today im leaving the Phoenix art museum. As im passing it I decide to grab a float. I got  orange soda vanilla float. So freaking good. I recommend sitting at the bar. Old school bar stools bolted into the ground. great atmosphere Been living in Arizona for almost 4 years now finally went too this place they have the best Reuben sandwich and also there potatoes salad and can't forget there awesome dessert . Great place "Quick stop...hot dog and a shake for a good price and nostalgic atmosphere. Great service even when the place is full. Will go back for more shakes  or just vintage shopping.  The vintage soda fountain/ restaurant is welcoming and authentic.  This place feels like it should belong in an older city; a rare find for Phoenix.  Specialty soda fountain and ice cream items are what to come for; they do these well.  Lunch is acceptable The ambiance is cool and the wait staff are friendly....BUT....the menu is tired and the prices are expensive for the quality of food.  Great for a tourist...get you in there one time...but for a native like myself....there are too many great places in walking distance for them to compete with.  They really need to shake up the menu and audit their pricing.   yummy potato salad.  Their vintage shop is amazing! Fair prices. Customer service is super friendly. I live in san diego California and drive out to Phoenix just for this gem." "There are so many delicious float options!  The staff is friendly and I definitely felt like I went back in time. I didn't try any food so can't say much about that Overall the ambience was that of a David lynch movie spliced with ""The Road"".  Clearly the brainchild of a spinster with dementia I had the chicken/bacon wrap and was horribly sick(bathroom wise) within two hours so cannot vouch for the food quality and might stick to ice cream only next time"  attentive and quick with service. Since so many raved about the potato salad we decided to at least sample a side of it even though we were just there for dessert. It was really good and we wished for a huge bowl of it after. We had the Turtle Sundae "The food was really good and they have an amazing selection of ice cream sodas... Would take weeks to try them all. The reason I am taking off a star is because of the service. Our server was nice but we had to remind her a few times about items we ordered and ended up not getting things we ordered at the beginning until we were done eating "It's a cute place with a history. The lighting is dim which makes it a little stuffy. I came here for the hot fudge sundae  we browsed the antique shop on the other side. I found it strange that the restaurant is sandwiched between two of them. Another odd thing is they were selling some clothes and old family photos along with the antiques. I didn't really get why people would want to buy photos of somebody else's family "My dad was in town to celebrate his birthday & I thought this would be a really fun place to bring him one afternoon for dessert.  As we walked in we were told to seat ourselves.  As we sat down a server came with menus & my mom told him that we were just here for dessert.  He gave a little sigh of annoyance & said he would be back to take our order.  He came by & dropped off 2 waters (um  but server ruined it for us. He had curly hair and was wearing a bow tie- did not listen to what we ordered  but was never checked on. Instead the employees were gossiping about a coworker. The icecream was something you could buy at the grocery store. Do not waste your time here. Go to Mary Coyle's instead." I wish I lived in the area so I could come here again and again. Those of you lucky enough to be in the area: Go in and try it out!"  but I can't attest to anything else.  All of the servers were nice and helpful and the shake was super yummy." "really cool place great selection of ice cream soda's the food was ok but you come here for the ice cream treats they even had hot chocolate for my almost son-in-law he's a little bit crazy. Its connected to a vintage store that you can check out after your cool treats  I finally went in due to my mother having several groupons to this place and needing to use them. The shop is cuter than I expected with many interesting antiques for sale spanning 3 (maybe more?) rooms. The prices for the antiques seemed to be fair or more than fair when compared to other antique shops in the neighborhood. The soda fountain portion of the restaurant is cute and set up like an old diner. I don't know about eating food here Great ambiance. Overall good look. Customer service could use some help. Great selection of ice cream. Food was decent but not a highlight.  potato salad another bacon cheeseburger and Hawaiian coleslaw.  To drink we ordered a chocolate malt and a strawberry shake. The cheeseburgers were frozen patties and cooked clean into next week. Dry hockey pucks. The potato salad was ok the Hawaiian coleslaw was very blah.. The shake and malt were delicious even though they were not delivered until our burgers were finished. The waitstaff was like the walking dead Having asked a few servers what their favorites were  I now look forward to trying the ""James Dean "" and a ""Chocolate Egg Cream""...."  and I always want to get an ice cream!. The coffee is good along with the shakes.. Though it's open for lunch and dinner I will most likely come back every day for lunch if I could!! Recommend this place!"  but other places know how to scoop from a carton too..."  nice decor and antique shop feel cute store in the back and bathrooms are big. Bad parts  this is the spot to go!!!  Vintage goodies all over  what a great piece of history. Wayne Newton was a patron as a kid and discovered right in this soda fountain joint. Root beer floats are the best. We are hooked and can't wait to come back!" Would we come back?   Possibly after 5 PM to use the BOGO if we were in the area.  Definitely would not make this a destination  family or group. It's like taking a step back in time with both an antique store and a nostalgic restaurant. The food is comfort food and the drinks are right from the soda fountain. The staff is friendly and attentive. I recommend going to see for yourself This is a pretty good old time soda shop. They have to many combonations of soda to count. The ice cream sodas are mouthwatering good.  They're food is pretty tasty as well. The nice thing too is they do not fry anything in the kitchen. Since the restaurant is also in thrift store you can browse while you wait for your food. This would be a great place to take your family especially kids. I always enjoy going to this place and would recommend it to anyone.  my wife and I had to get a burger at Five Guys.  We then were craving some good ice cream.  Checked out Yelp and the reviews definitely didn't disappoint.  This place is awesome.  Great atmosphere and fun environment.  The ice cream was out of this world.  Would recommend to anyone coming to Phoenix to check this place out.  Would give it 6 STARS if I could."  thought it would be a fun place to take her. She got a hot dog and didn't like it. I didn't taste it but I don't blame her. It was one huge sausage that was overly cooked and looked dry and unappealing. The waitress noticed she didn't take more than one bite and we ordered a pb&j and the hot dog was taken off of the bill. They only have soda and as my 6 year old doesn't drink it she ordered a lemonade because they don't have juice  so I drove over and while I enjoyed the nostalgia and the waitresses the food was just ok. My wife had the pulled pork bbq sandwich which smelled good but didn't have a lot between the buns. She also had a side of potato salad it was very bland. I had the Coney dog and added bacon to it $.95 extra which is excessive. The meat in the chilli was a low grade beef with no flavor and when I get chilli on a hot dog I don't want beans. My dog had so much chilli that it had to be served open and I had to use a knife and fork to eat. Plus I am not sure whether it was from the pickle or not but there was some kind of juice that soaked the bun. Probably won't be back unless we have a visitor that wants to go."  she answered all my questions with a smile and chuckled with me when I saw the page that said everything she had just told me about. She convinced me to stay away from the usual root beer float and try something different Vintage! It feels like your in prohibition era Chicago. Definitely come for the experience and Soda made in house.  ice cream soda fountain!!! I ordered the Bettie Page (cheesecake soda w/strawberry ice cream). Beautiful!!! They have about 20 flavors to try. Also thrifty ice cream (a whole bunch of flavors). All in all you should definitely try this place."  and items on the shelves were very dusty and dirty. Even the wall had very visible dust collected on it. The place really needs a good cleaning before I will go back again. We didn't even use our 3rd coupon because of the filth." I was charged just over 11 dollars for 2 shakes... not sure if that was correct but I paid this balance as all I wanted to do was leave.  If you decide to trying this place out... have zero expectations." "Becoming our favorite place. The ice cream is ""awesome"" according to our kids! A must visit"  vanilla ice cream and a shot of phosphate. It was refreshing. The hubster had a tuna melt and a root beer shake. There is plenty on the menu to please any palate." It's a cute vintage place but who doesn't sell fries?!?!?!!! But potato chips? Meh" "I really don't like leaving bad reviews especially since I like their shakes and sodas (food is incredibly subpar) but after my last experience here I really can't let it slide. Stopped on on my lunch break which was during their rush. I understand things being busy at all but nobody even acknowledged that I even walked in until after 20 minutes when I had to ask if I could see a menu. I then flagged someone down to place my order because I knew if I waited on them it probably would have been another 20 minutes. After another 20 minutes I asked the waitress if I should come another time. She assured me that it would be done in 5 minutes  while sipping on my strawberry milkshake. I'm in love with this place. And it has such a rich history. I'm going to tell everyone I know about this place. I can't wait to bring my 7 year old Godson here."  what a strange afternoon. Luck? Pay it forward? Someone just being generous? Someone mistaken me for someone else? I guess I will never know."  the wait staff is incredibly friendly and the food is consistent.  I've taken many clients and colleagues there for lunch over the last 8 years and everyone loves it.   I will never get tired of this place."  was fantastic! Super friendly and helped us with our order and was really funny and wonderful. Manager came out and was considerably rude "I live close to this place but have never given them a shot. A friend and I had planned a lunch but had not committed to a location. He picked me up and as we headed up 7th street we drove by this place... I suggested we give it a try and so we did. The atmosphere was a welcomed trip back in time. A little soda shop indeed  there's a lot of fun things to look at and shop for.  The food is very basic food but it was good.  The service was good.  I look forward to going again to actually have one of the specialty sodas."  floats and malts to choose from. When ya feel hunger pains you must  order the sloppy joe. It's pretty dang good." Would not comeback. I was really looking forward about this place.."  but when you open the door it's like you went through a time machine back to the 50's. The food is DELICIOUS!!!:) The interior of the restaurant is filled with old nick nacks from the 20-50's. I definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone. This is my favorite place ON THIS PLANET!!"  interesting and great place to go. Unique antique shops attached with the original soda fountain in the middle. I was enthralled with the history behind the whole place. The Wayne Newton story made me laugh out loud a bit. Yummy Chocolate German Soda. I have not had an Ice cream soda in about 30 years. They have egg creams too for my East Coast friends." Native Phoenix-er and never been in. Finally went in yesterday. Wife and I had dessert only. I thought it was good and an overload of sugar. Like the decor. Really felt like we were in the 1950's. Waitress was nice and friendly. A bit pricey but I guess the rent in Phoenix to stay open has been increasing as well. I hope they stay in business. I was surprised by the lack of cleanliness. The floor was sticky throughout the restaurant and under our table was very dirty. It looked as if they had not mopped in some time. It was also very warm. Part of the building that is used as the store did not appear to have any ac. It was almost as warm inside as with was out."  the oldest and Vintage shop. History and story about this shop Overall it was a very decent float that was undoubtedly a step above Dairy Queen or A&W's soft serve version in quality.  The $6 after tax and tip price (I hadn't looked at a menu when I popped in and ordered it) was eyebrow raising though."  is several steps above and more opulent than those old soda bars of the 30s and 40s.  I don't want to tell you much more -- this place is just like the Organ Stop Pizza in Mesa AZ -- they both qualify as competitors for the 8th wonder of the world award A hidden gem. I was surprised to find an antique shop that you have to walk through to get to diner. The atmosphere was very welcoming. The waitress Amanda was a 5 star and represented her company very well. I ordered the egg salad sandwich and couldn't decide on my side when she ask if she could recommend one. My wife ordered the bogart which was a huge roast beef sandwich and side of slaw. The bread on both sandwiches was the best we've ever had. We will be back and bring friends and family. and shakes. The ambiance is really wonderful. Old-time soda shop and store. We come here and often and will continue to do so. Make sure you check all the crazy flavors they have for ice cream sodas."  and my 17 y/o son said he wants to go back." "Just a great place to meet for simple fare.  The sandwich I got was a bit dry  you too will one day be old and worn if you're lucky enough to make it over 80 years (and it wouldn't be polite to point it out to you). I suggest you travel back in time and embrace MacAlpine's quirky nature. Be sure to budget a little extra time to enjoy the antique/vintage/retro store located on the premises as well."  and you're unlikely to find another place quite like this in Phoenix.  I recommend trying it out!" "what can I say?? this is old school to the way you get served ice cream!! if you have kids take them while they are young!! the food is great  cashier in and making ice cream...even though  other people  were working!  So my ice cream was scooped then sat on the counter melting while she helped others "All I can say is Wow. A true throwback to an earlier and tastier time. The Bettie Page was outstanding to say the least. Strawberry ice cream and cheesecake soda. I am happy we are only here on business because this place would put another 20 pounds on me. Find it  and The Best Ice cream and Ice Cream Sodas and. Hidden past and future Stire. Mimic and staff are amazing Our youngest or our group alway has a chocolate malted shake.  The number of soda's you can order will blow your mind and the prices are more than reasonable." Had a James Dean soda ice cream and that's my next favorite desert that I have ever tried!  we adventured through the store where we found antique pieces from a plethora of eras. Each room held treasures from several decades. It was so much fun hearing my dad tell stories of how some of these items were what he grew up with. The manager Monica was a pure delight and made sure we enjoyed every second of our journey through this amazing and fascinating place! The food  too many sodas to count - Italian  and wanted to try somewhere new and exciting. We had an Entertainment coupon book with hundreds of restaurant choices and Landed here. We walked in 5 minutes before opening. The doors for the Shop side were open so the staff could set out some sidewalk sale items  great food and the ambiance is so unique. I love taking out of town visitors here. On top of that  I wasn't really sure what to expect but I'm glad that I finally ventured on in... There's a little clutter amidst the antiques and nicknacks but don't let that deter you (it's all kind of fun to peruse after you've indulged in a sundae)  ice cream.  Plenty of options that will leave you satisfied and not like you ate poor quality diner food.  Try the Malibu chicken sandwich with the spring mix or potato salad if your really hungry and not worried about calories.  Try a vanilla coke if you want a good sugar buzz!"  I believe In supporting local business and the other 2 children (and me) were ready for dinner. I had talked this place up to the kids prior to entering but She rudely said we weren't allowed inside with the food.  It's hard to be with children and some times some of us need a little slack. I won't be back there as the food is mediocre and the ice cream is eh. Thanks for nothing Mac. (In disclosure  which was a turkey burger.  First off it is a frozen tasteless pre-made patty.  No seasoning at all and it had the ""I've been in the freezer way too long"" taste.  I hate that taste.  Nothing worse than freezer burnt meat. I added salt and pepper and mustard to try and hide that ""taste"" but it wasn't happening.  Don't order the turkey burger because you will be disappointed.  I had a sparkly lemonade with no spark.  Very flat.  My husband had a chocolate malt.  Again he said it was good but not the best he ever had.  And it was definitely not worth the 6 buck price tag!  Service was ok.  We won't be going back.  It was a nice visit but I wouldn't want to live there!"  and forget that your right off 7th st in the middle of rush hour. Do I think its worth experiencing? Yes. Do I crave their food? No. Honestly The adjoining antique shops are small but cool and always have interesting new goodies and vintage clothing." Such a cute store and restaurant. The food is beyond fabulous. Amazing sodas and ice cream too. :) We love this place.  it's like a nostalgic blast from the past in the heart of Phoenix. The ice cream is BOMB. I got a salad and my friend got a sandwich and they were just fine We will definitely be back. Their burgers looked fabulous.  And I hear they are not frozen meat patties.  My mom will love everything about this place. I may never get her away from the shop. She LOVES Marilyn Monroe stuff."  but that's not a bad thing. Anything the spot ""lacks"" is compensated for with the employees' FUN HUMOR and great customer service. If you need a recommendation... just ask. It's worth it. Don't go with ""regular"" here... try some of their ""non-traditional"" items. I'm not sure how many of these dishes are from the soda fountain era. BUT... the flavors are always great. (They have funny names for most of the items.) Kids would love this place. Last thing  and the regular food was nothing special. All the ice cream and soda options made up for that  it must be fantastic."" After all Boston does have the Celtics. And they gave us Kristin and Jared. But can they pull off fast food. Yea  and the apple pie is almost unedible.  I will definitely try something else next time." Comfort food... Basic down-home dinner. :-) sometimes ya just gotta.  the food is fresh and I'm always in and out. Most of the time I'm picking up food for the whole office so one of the employees told me that i can call and order over the phone to make it easier on me which was great! I love going here The price was great and id recommend it to families or anyone just wanting a decent meal So I have been there TWICE in the past week now im hooked! lol fresh clean ! Tasty! I love there Coke cups maket he soda taste just better! Service is great Chefs are friendly New fav place! lol = ] Enjoy guys!  and the sandwiches are rocking! Definitely a home cooked alternative to the fast food competitors. Service with a can do attitude and smile. This is one place that truly appreciates their customers." "I love my comfort food and Boston Market always fits the bill.  I have always loved the rotisserie chicken but on this trip I decided to try the Ribs.  Flavorful and tender they were good but were not served hot as expected.  It was almost like they were prepared "Let's be real. Its Boston Market. They aren't reinventing the wheel.  But the food came out hot and fresh tasting. And the service was super friendly.  Theresa anticipated my needs and the line worked fast.  If anything I love Boston Market. I do not know how to cook and so the food there is always better than mine. The best part is if you buy a meal during the week they give you a coupon for one half off on Saturday.  Great value and it heats up well. "A good location. Everything here is always fresh "Have been craving boston market a lot lately. They have stellar originator chicken. Go here once evrey couple weeks. Staff is friendly  good mix of spicy and sweet and probably the best sauce for chicken ever."  Sweet Tomatoes closed next door and this was my next choice. It also offers free wi-fi."  service and place.  Always fresh."  I wish Phoenix had KOO KOO ROO Chicken like they do in LA....They are way better than Boston Market." This Location Closed on Monday May 18th.  Sad to see them go. 