G-Mart has a better selection and the employees are helpful and funny."  go to Other Realm if convenience is your biggest factor. If you have a car  so keep my review in mind with the other Yelp reviews." "When I first moved to CU I attended the U of I and this was the most convenient place to get comic books. I have to say I found the shopping experience to be generally unpleasant. There were times when the owner acted as though he didn't want you there. As time went by (and I started spending more money) he did get much friendlier for the most part. The thing is your shopping experience fluctuated based on his mood in any given day. It's by no means a bad shop but my overall shopping experience at G-mart has been better so it's hard for me to give it better than an ""average"" review." One of the most extensive selections of comics and action figures I've yet to encounter in Phoenix. Definitely check it out if you are into comics in the very least." The best part is that for each comic/graphic that is purchased over $10 you get a stamp on a frequent buyer card. Ultimately receiving a freebie.....awesome!"  be careful when trying to leave.... you have to semi reverse onto Central if you don't plan accordingly." y9cQ0DBC0qFNgkpTXHzokA  I do think their prices can be steep and I don't always think their older items are accurately described. I also think they can charge too much for variant issues when they first arrive. Their toy prices are pretty fair and you can get steals in this"  but not my style. They are great for indie and anime DUDE..where is the manga....where are the card tables. .....What the heck is this place doing selling comics! This is outrageous!  And why are you talking to me and trying to help me comic clerk! Your job is to give me a huge sigh and exasperated look as if I asked you to perform surgery. This being helpful and friendly is really bothering me. You guys are just too weird. I need to go back to Atomic. The only complaint I can offer is the music selection. It's just so wimpy and non-committal. The classic rock station? REALLY? What's the matter? The Easy Listening station wasn't coming in clearly? What a bunch of girls. Not that I want to hear hardcore Gangsta Rap or Thrash Metal while I buy my X-Men comics or anything  where the staff remembers you and what you like and can offer good suggestions. If they don't carry what you're looking for It is a cool place...and I will visit...but DCBS is probably getting my monthlies.  Shops get pretty steep discounts on these....for regulars they should be able to do better for the subscriber discount." Ended up not even picking up anything - even though their was some new releases that I wanted to read. There's better comic shops in Arizona  they leave you alone unless you need something.  Then they're all over the question.  It's perfect!" So all you comic book lovers...I am pretty certain this is the place you want to be to spend the days reading about heroes and villains. They even celebrate happy hour here." "By far my favorite comic store to purchase by Buffyverse comics! I was so tied up the last few months that I didn't get a chance to pick up the latest Buffy comics so I was driving all around town trying to get the back issues I missed for the last 7 months. I hit 3 other comic book stores before coming to this place because of their proximity. Some only had one issue left and others didnt have anymore left. I should have came to AABC from the beginning! Not only did they have all the back issues I needed they even had some variant covers available. The staff there went out of their way to check in the back for all the issues I was looking for since they were no longer on display. They must have had to really dig in the backstock room to get my issues since the guy was in the back for about 15 minutes. So worth it though! They are a bit of a distance from my house Support your local book store especially the good ones.  In the Phoenix area Very nice selection of collectibles and busts of superheroes. The store is nice and clean and carefully arranged. Silver Age  done. The staff make you feel at home but don't invade your personal space. They never act pretentious toward their customers (which is the WORST at comic book stores). Their overall comic-stock is impressive My son was excited with his birthday presents and I was very happy with the service I received at the store. Definitely recommended."  there was even a cute girl behind the counter that had all the boys drooling over her vast comic knowledge."  after wandering around a bit while the bf shops! :P" Definitely one of the best shops in the valley" y9cQ0DBC0qFNgkpTXHzokA I like this shop... lots of assorted modern and silver age consignment availability. Prices are strictly based off comic price guide. The owner is a nice guy and knows his stuff. They have different supplier than most other comic shops in the area. The store is well laid out with lots of decent deals. The store has an old used bookstore smell and nostalgic feel to it. It carries most new stuff on more limited basis than some other shops in the area. The best value of this shop is based on its consignment deals. No complaints here.  is if they had a few couches and chairs for comic collectors to hang out great customer service over the phone. i was able to order via telephone and they have it ready and shipped to me here in the bay area by tuesday" "Great shop!  All the current editions are very well organized and in alphabetical order. You really can get lost there and time can just fly by. The also have a plethora of back editions. Not as organized with that stuff  why can't Atlanta follow suit. Hmmm? Maybe I should look into opening up my own shop in the future."  and knowledgeable staff can answer any question!  Easy to find what I want and need! I feel at home at AABC"  about 10 mins later went over to samurai comics and looked up the same DC New 52 comics and found out I was ripped off at all about comics. So before you buy make sure you shop around My complaint would be that despite having tons of back issues it seems all of the good stuff is gone."  and this is the one to beat. If you are looking for a comic book store Other then that this shop is fun to be in and you see something new every time you go in." If you're looking to find a special gift for someone? All About Books and Comics is by far one of the best places to go."  awesome staff. Have been a regular for years and that is not going to stop any time soon" Great selection of new and old comics. Lots of graphic novels and old toys. Very friendly staff. Only knock is that there is sale bins and what I believe to be consigned bins that are separated but not sorted well.  yes he thought they had some . . . and he disappeared in a back room behind a door . . . and was gone for 5-10 minutes. I wondered if this old building had a dungeon archive like many old museums do. Eventually he showed up again and said that apparently they didn't have any right now. He said I should check back and he gave me a card so I could call and inquire. PHOOEY! SMASH! BAM! I'm going back in and ask so I can wallow in more childhood memories. HI HO SILVER!"  it's inconceivable to leave empty handed. I love this store and visit as often as possible." y9cQ0DBC0qFNgkpTXHzokA  41 year old Steven will be writing another review about the continued legacy of All About Books & Comics."  they had everything I was looking for and then some. Everything is in order and categorizes; no clutter or sales people guessing as to where the item you're looking for could be. I decided that AABC will get all of my business from now on Love this shop! My husband has been coming here since he was a kid and now we come whenever we can. They have always been as helpful as can be and there is always something new to check out.  but not the above book. I suppose the publisher is at fault for that kind of price  All About is not one of THOSE stores. The employees here are not a bunch of apes that are going to either ogle or look down their nose at a lady geek. On the contrary  I confided in the clerk by telling him people bought that comic just for the value/hype and the real fans (Like me) missed out! He then reached behind the counter and pulled out a copy and said ""We were holding this one for a real fan."" and he sold it to me. Made my freakin day. Looking back at those days makes me smile... and realize why I was single."  never get bored and have an endless variety to choose from. The staff is always friendly and very helpful. I appreciate how they always try to relate  with there customers rather than just saying hi and bye to everyone."  etc. The staff are friendly enough and the atmosphere is definitely that of a classic comic book store from back in the day. The ONLY real issue I have with this place is their 'variant' editions of new releases are MUCH HIGHER in price than a competing comic book shop just a few miles down the road from them. I am talking DOUBLE the price "What is more fun than your first visit to this comic book store? Going to the Marvel Star Wars launch day party with members of the Dune Sea Garrison This place is one of the best if nit the best Comic Book Store in AZ. Ive been coming here for a year and their selection is awesome and the staff is both very helpful and friendly.  Alan and Marcia are the most kind hearted people that will search high and low for any comic or collectible you desire. They and their knowledgeable staff have never missed filling my comic box every week and through the years they've gotten to know my tastes and enjoyments which enables them to give me great recommendations. I've grown to love the shop and staff so much that despite moving quite far away I've been to other comic book stores in the valley 