Go see something so you can stop singing the same Cabaret lyrics over and over again every time you think of the place!" So I will continue to raise my jazz hands high year after year here because I'm proud of all those talented Pittsburgh peeps!"  there are several free street parking options if you drive around for a few minutes.  Or bus it for $2.25 (at your own risk)." aqNwplp89UTe8dfGXj_yKA  to name a few. Always professional and enjoyable. You can order food and or drink  the waitress was never too far and the food was satisfying. We really had a great time and enjoyed watching a play while eating and drinking. Great time and we can't wait to come back for another show." I look forward to my next visit to CLO." The ushers and other staff were all very polite. I was also impressed by some of their past shows they had displayed on the wall and would definitely go back for another show!" Overall this is a great place to see a show. It's not too big so you still feel part if the performance. The staff is friendly and the plate we had of snacks was really great. Will be keeping an eye out for upcoming shows."  not wait for 15-20 minutes more to give your check with payment to the server so they can charge you.  We thought we could go out to the bar and pay there.  Well we were wrong.  I actually ended up ordering another drink finished it and paid for that one at the bar before our waiter came to collect our tab.  I think in the future my best bet maybe to just pay cash or order at the bar to begin with.  Otherwise loved the place and look forward to coming back to see another great show!" Four stars instead of five because the will call staff was really rude.   I won free tickets (plural) or so I thought.   When I went to will call   etc. I see a lot of shows and very rarely do I pay full price for a ticket.  My second tip is for parking. Come in close here because I'm about to tell you one of my most valuable secrets.... Parking can be free downtown if you're willing to park on the street after 6:00 and walk a few blocks. Granted it's not available on every street but if you scout around you can usually find a spot. Last night I parked on 3rd Ave close to the PPG Building. Sure I had about a ten minute walk to the theater but it feels good to get the circulation going."  and he was phenomenal. There were lots of jokes and good songs with some more tender thoughtful moments near the end.  It's a 90 performance without an intermission  I'll be bringing my friends for a Girl's Night Out and bringing other couples for date nights. What a fun way to spend time together-a meal and a show. LOVED IT!!!!" We're so lucky to have the CLO. Pittsburgh has certainly made a name for itself within the arts and theater world. So many musicals have been performed here in Pittsburgh and the shows are always top-notch quality. "We saw the Pittsburgh CLO's production of Shrek the Musical last night and thoroughly enjoyed it! The characters were perfectly cast and were quite entertaining! Although all of the songs were different from those in the Shrek movies Seeing shows put on by the CLO is a great way to get out in downtown and enjoy the cultural district. Everyone should try to make it out."  and 7 ppl on the two basketball courts.  There is upstairs ""track"" which is more like a carpeted circle that goes around the gymnasium and a pool where they have classes.  Its smaller in size We were here on vacation and my daughter needed to train for a swim meet. It was only a 5.00 charge for her to get a day pass to use the pool. Everything was clean and new. The staff was very professional and friendly.  we are so glad they are here.  It has improved steadily over the years and they have unique programs for young people and seniors.  Hopefully the will expand the multi-purpose areas in the future.  overall My main favorite feature of this gym is the specialized childcare. My son had a bit of trouble letting go of me at first when I left him with the daycare area of the gym. However the childcare is so outstanding here at this YMCA in particular  the struggle is real in that department. I guess they don't believe that black folks swim since they only have 1 2 lanes available unless swim lessons are scheduled - it's a wrap."  and it get's pretty dark.  There is a full-time security guard I always see walking around the parking lot so I suspect there have been a couple of car break ins at this Y location." This YMCA is very easily missed if you do not have a GPS system.  It is tucked away from eyesight off of Albemarle Road.  The parking lot is very awkward and uneven to me.  This area has a lot of involvement with children from what i have noticed on my regular visits.  The weight room is small but it has a lot of free weights to use if your use to lifting weights. Awesome staff! Everyone is extremely helpful and friendly! I would recommend the Simmons Y to anyone!  and Spin.  These are the classes I have taken.  I've also taken a Senior Cardio Lite class and they had more endurance than me!? The pool is great and warm and the deep end is at the end and not in the middle as the University.  As with all YMCA's My kids love the outdoor pool and summer camp. The staff is super friendly and helpful. It's not crowded around rush hour like some of the other Ys. I can always get on the equipment I need.  indoor pool(swim lessons) and a cool outside water park in the summer.  Just remember to bring your towel as they eliminated towel service some time ago."  but it is functional (if people follow the one way signs).  At least the Y is off of a side street (not directly on WT Harris) and wells fargo.  All in walking distance of the YMCA.  The exercise room is larger then most ymca's you will visit unless you go downtown." Looking forward to making my early morning start to my day with a great sweat!" "This is our favorite Y so far. Location is convenient and the staffs are really helpful and kids friendly.  My kids are into soccer The best part about joining this particular YMCA is the helpfulness of the staff. They truly care and are always helpful. I wish I could take my swimming instructor with me back to the Bahamas. She would really be proud." Lousy over zealous life grds.  Won't even let you float on your back.  Lifeguards are power monger idiots here!  I was a 10 year lifeguard and they are not trained or professional. The facility itself is sufficient but it is not new or modern. I have heard some of the other branches of the YMCA are much nicer. This branch has everything that I need  there is a 24 hour Harris Teeter right there where nobody looks at you funny for being sweaty in gym clothes.  But "I joined this facility because it was conveniently close to my house. They have a decent amount of equipment to train on and weights are there like any other gym. Thumbs up on the indoor track. The basketball courts are available and there are fitness classes always going on. The only reason that I don't give this place 5 stars is the pool which usually only have two lanes available for laps unless classes or school swim teams are meeting then you are out of luck. I don't mind sharing lanes but it can get chaotic especially if you are a slow swimmer. However the hours of operation (5am-9pm) during the weekdays are good. In conclusion this place is good place to workout  and it's great to have a place like this in the community where you can not only drop off leftover supplies and hardware (or countertops  but my expectations of a good deal are much lower."  so I'm sure the fact that it's surrounded by older homes plays a big part in the selection. But You might have to bounce around to a few ReStores before you find what you're looking for  I love it. I love the idea and I love the prices."  due to their beautiful new location! They have room for a better variety now "Restore.... I wish I had taken pictures of my visit today. A 30 year old hideous leather couch ($400). A 25 year old electric stove ($175). An antique dresser with missing handles ($250). I love everything that you stand for. But I cannot help but feel like you are doing your company and the community you serve a disservice by pricing your goods so exorbitantly. There has got to be another incentive to shop at your store besides the feel-good do-good aspect These extremely unethical practices put us through a great deal of emotional distress and I am very shocked that so many of these places exist and are legally able to do what they do. Please do not go to this place or any other pregnancy crisis center if you are currently experiencing an unplanned pregnancy. Your decision is between you and your partner and absolutely nobody else. They will use rhetoric on you that makes you feel obligated to carry out a pregnancy that you could very well not at all be prepared for. Beware of this place and other pregnancy crisis centers and remember that the choice to be a parent is yours and nobody else's."  diapers and/or clothes. We have greatly appreciated the kindness and love they have given us and many others in their new journey." "This place is here to offer ALL solutions to women who are pregnant. If you only want ONE option then go to Planned Parenthood; in which case (if you're dating a jerk) your boyfriend will be happy and you will be ""helped"" by rude people. (I'm speaking from personal experience). Other reviews here have stated that the people at 1st Way use assumptive words. But this reviewer does the same himself by saying things like being a ""victim"" of unplanned pregnancy. You're the victim sir....?? Really?... Really? Seriously  and to show them that they are special and important.  If you have the time and energy  now I'm going to wrap up by quoting Whitney Houston in a Yelp review (which a fellow Yelper bet me a Cornish Pasty I'd never be able to find a justifiable reason for doing so)... ""I believe the children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way. Show them all the beauty they possess inside."" Ha! I'll take that Eggplant Parmesan Pasty now They appear to me to be an example of ""get the good PR"" "I do not think that location should decide if you get a big brother/ sister or not.  It's sad that where I live there's a 3 year waiting list.  Also the fact that they would not even allow the child to be brought to the volunteer to make it convenient is just ridiculous.  The gentleman even said that would be taking the volunteer away from someone in that community thank you for reading & maybe volunteering. god bless"  I have seen in any city and a beautiful environment as well." 2ACllAGN__ceWI3VS6vDSQ This place rocks!! It's all about empowering women...non-profit service all about women..check it out!  and has a friendly staff. The proceeds go to help women who are victims of domestic violence so it's putting your money to good use. They're hours are limited...something like 10-4 on weekdays and 10-? on Saturday Everyone is always so friendly and grateful.  Maybe one day I can give more than just items." This review is solely about volunteering here. They do not return phone calls or emails. They treat people that want to volunteer their time horribly! On facebook former volunteers/vanguards are always complaining. Sojourner Center should start treating better those willing to work for free! This is a disgrace. The horror stories that i heard and my personal experience of not even treated as a person that should have emails returned is just unbelievable. Want to volunteer? Look elsewhere. pvg5xoIdgXUTspWs8GoCOQ  but how can I not. They help homeless families and low income families. As well Currently umom shelters 146 families that are out of work and in need of help. The Shelter is made up of some old hotels.  Read to me is a weekly program hosted here that helps improve literacy for the children  that stay in the shelters.  If you are looking to do something good for the community this is a rewarding experience.  and cleaned the eating area.  We got a tour of the facility and it wonderful what they do for other in need of help!" This place is unprofessional and a complete joke. What a waste of the taxpayers money. I am not a patient. I took someone there for an appointment at 8am. The building doesn't even open til 8am. The front office staff arrived at 8:10 with coffee in hand. How can you possibly run a professional office and schedule appointments at 8am when the staff doesn't even arrive on time? This is Unacceptable! This place should be shut down and they clearly do not take their jobs seriously. Apparently if you are on AHCCCS the quality of care you will receive is less than. This place is horrible. It takes months to get in and when you do the psychs give you a different diagnosis everytime. They prescribe medication that's completely out of date. I am on ahccs and I am trying to get well so that I can start to work again but with the quality of care provided it's like I am stuck here for the rest of my life. Nobody there has any compassion for their patients and most of the staff is just downright rude to people that are already dealing with immense emotional issues. I no longer have AHCCCS but will be staying here." I look forward to volunteering at the Desert Mission Food Bank on November 1st.  If you are reading this and interested in joining (we'll have a small group)  it was a really eye opening experience.  I am already looking for other ways I can help the deserving organization.  Check them out!" "I have been going to this Goodwill for awhile and I have never had any complaints about it. This thrift store is the most hit or miss of the thrift shops I frequent. Even so the staff is very friendly and everything is very organized. It seems the people who donate to this shop bring VERY outdated clothes  green practices and 90 cents of every dollar earned at Goodwill is reinvested into  programs and the Goodwill mission  - to Put People to Work. They have some great new stores that just opened throughout Metro-Phoenix." Just nasty! Very cluttered and overpriced. "Workers and sales associates make or break any business..and I was lucky enough to get a great gal to help me a few weeks ago at this Goodwill. I was part of a 'mama gaga' act and I needed to make a Lady Gaga costume. The cable guy was coming to the house and I only had a few minutes to shop for a dress that I could turn into one of Gaga's famous fashion statements. I went to the dress section  not like hey maybe this would be cool to take home and fix. im talking like broken things that should be in the trash. remember this is me the junk collector... i guess i just had higher expectations. ive probably been to a good 25-30 goodwill's since discovering how great they are. this one easily was the worst... im just sayin." 