the company will give you a 7 day notice and suspend your POS license for even questioning an invoice and shut down your entire business. The techs are part time and walk out of your business if they can't address an issue and push it to another part time tech... Save yourself the aggravation... I have FUTURE POS AND BOUGHT THE LICENSES SO IM STUCK!! and go direct to the dealer in Butler PA.. This company's the worst and can't even keep employees... They do have 2 techs that have been with the company one more incompetent the the other...you have been warned!!!" If zero was an option that is what i would rate them! They are the worst company to ever deal with all they want is money! I called tec support to get my back office un-locked and they said it would be $600 i already bought the system for $4000 Zero if that was an opinion. Worst POS company in Pittsburgh deal with Cutting Edge Solutions in Butler or any other POS company other than NCR Aloha.  this is the spot. Staff is friendly and the store is well organized  but especially the customer service. It's so nice to walk into a business and feel welcome and appreciated no matter what I look like  this location did not carry it. The very handsome sales associate (near the computer stuff on 8 23) with the moist blue eyes and sandy hair was incredibly helpful to my friend and me. He searched other stores for Sriracha and skillfully wrote directions for us. I've never received directions as precise as those he gave us. This sales associate was exceptional and smelled really good. I highly recommend this location for its staff (but don't go here for Sriracha)."   so I did.  Now it's 5pm and I check the e-mail to track the packages and saw that the guy who dropped off the two packages signed that he delivered three boxes at my house and someone named ""Davis"" signed for them. Needless to say my name is not ""Davis"" so I called back to speak to some asshat that barely spoke English to tell me they spoke with the express delivery warehouse and they don't even know who the driver was and that my missing box was out on the truck but they can't find it.  So I was told it will be delivered on Monday.   Today is Monday and no package I've been to this Office Depot quite a few times and the staff is always very friendly. Today Dexter helped me get materials that were in back stock and made sure I had everything I needed. I've been once or twice when a staff member wasn't as knowledgable about their products as I would have hoped but in my opinion a good attitude makes up for that.  but my office furniture at my house usually consists of me sitting on the floor and spreading papers around me."  and you'd rather go somewhere a mile away for office supplies (as opposed to 7 miles away) I would give a negative review if there was an option. Nancy was very unprofessional and rude.  Jimmy and the rest of the team excel in delivering top-notch customer service and I wanted to take this opportunity to acknowledge that with my review.This location is highly recommended!"  I had to find a cashier. She was very nice and was able to point me in the direction of an item I had forgotten. Quick checkout too."  the store layout is a bit wonky. The clerks are almost overly helpful (aka: a bit over-eager) I'd love to support a local guy but can't seem to find one in Madison... any recs?" "On Friday September 25 we contacted the print area via phone regarding memorial flyers for our mother's funeral services. It was an unexpected death and we did not know time tables on these kinds of things. We arrived later that day and spoke with Cassandra in person. We want to let you know that Cassandra went above and beyond for us. We are very thankful for everything she did for us. She is the kind of employee that you want working for you. As a manager myself for the last 20 year Check their ad -  sometimes there are 'Sunday/Monday' only deals that might be worth your while."  but looking it back up I was right. I'm also now noticing an in-store pick-up option that would have saved me money and time. Bummer." 