"Don't waste your time.  We had two different people come to our house to give us estimates for a deck (one of them the OWNER).  Both times Even though I have a nice deck (after I clean things up myself!) "When I wanted a deck for the back of my home I ended up calling Quaker State Construction. It ended up working very well and they were very polite. I got an estimate and called them to start working out the details of my new deck. Once we got the plans all sorted out they started building my new deck and it was finished with in a reasonable amount of time. I now have a beautiful deck that I can relax and that my family can enjoy. Overall  alcohol in the air here too. I was shocked to see what is happening to the work they completed. They will not return to fix the problem or return the money that was paid for it." Really excellent with restoration work on older homes." Awful workmanship.  Nothing in accordance with specs.  Took my money.  I wasn't the only one.  Check BBB.  Very disappointed.  but at what cost to my sanity and quality of work? I would never use them again. ***Update: June 2016 - They still have not installed the final window they were supposed to. It's a custom window they had to order and according to the window company is still sitting at their warehouse. Every few weeks I try to call or text John to ask when they'll be putting it in  renamed to rid the memories of the days when a slaughter house was on it. It's said George Washington fell off a raft near this island on a cold winter night and was befriended by a Seneca Indian who kept him from freezing to death   They have inside and outside storage for boats   There starting to replaces docks with new ones.  The only thing that I dont like is theres a lot of boat traffic by this marina since its so close and on the way to the point." Hope I see you again shitbird...I'll park and ride my foot in your ass" knowledgeable staff. Very helpful.  was fantastic. She helped us design both our kitchen and fireplace and then our mstr bath renovation. She was very organized and knew all of the products we needed. Everything was scheduled perfectly. Our project manager Great showroom and sales associates!" I have used Tile Collection for many projects.  They are a little more expensive than their competition but worth every penny.  The quality of their work is excellent. Don't skimp!  Get it done right the first time! I am very impressed with Tile Collection. Amazing selection  I decided to get a second price. Local company sent out a crew who quickly had me back up and running in 30 minutes. Prognosis: Loose connection going into my pressure switch. Cost me next to nothing to have it tightened up. I understand an honest overlook of a simple problem but the technician said he tested both the switch and the motor... I smell a rat.."  could that be why it's not functioning right? I either have to find another company for a second opinion or find different and creative ways to wipe my butt and wash my hair... I think I'll have that second opinion."  just gave it the complete tune up and called to say they were finished with it just two days later.  I brought it home and it's working as well as when it was new.  I was afraid I would have to pick up an expensive vacuum in order to pick up dog hair in our house  even though it wasn't necessarily the most expensive one. We got a Miele and it's absolutely blown us away; there is a factory warranty on the motor "Tommy Tucker sells the highest quality vacuum cleaners....and they are ALL ABOUT service as well!  They recently helped me unclog a vacuum hose and didn't charge me for their trouble.  (And it was not the vacuum I had purchased there several years ago).  They are always friendly  it was ridiculous.  I remember driving by Sierra Hardwood Floors - it's also in Coronado.  I've seen their truck working on homes in the neighborhood.  I gave them a call and they were there the same day.  They were able to fix the floor and the repair is seamless." They sure don't know how to do business." "The owner and I had an unpleasant exchange when he came to our home for an estimate. We chose not to use Sierra Harwood Floors in our new home due to this.  I was planning on doing a severe review plus giving Sierra a one star rating 8w90E7e-E1lcRMLxbeyrQw Never follows thru on a promise Says he is Christian but his actions show something else" Says he is Christian but his actions show something else" I've worked with them after my parents used then at their previous home. They've installed and repaired my sprinkler system for the past 5 years or more. Very professional and on time. Perhaps a little pricier but the quality of their work balances that out. Only wish they had office hours until 5pm as sometimes I have to play phone tag with them to set an appointment. Definitely would recommend them. I could never recommend this company." woYUVSduqsbpU4wLqcxEpQ I am an Interior Designer in Phoenix. I was referred to RAM wallcoverings  by a home builder I have worked with.  I have used them for several jobs now.  I am thrilled with the professionalism and perfection.  I recently had them install plaid wallpaper on a vaulted ceiling...it doesn't get much harder than making plaid strait and working above your head.  It was perfect! Their prices are reasonable as well.  They are the only company I will use.  that is not a typo. I had a wall in my nursery wallpapered with very expensive covering that I purchased before hand. After speaking to Bob on the phone and knowing that he's been doing this for several years I trusted him to hang my expensive wallpaper. He definitely knows what he's doing and I am 100% satisfied with his work. He is fast and efficient. I will be a returning customer for other wallpapering around my home."  clean & right to the T.......... I definitely recommend him to everyone. His pricing is NOT expensive at all. He knows what he is doing and he doesn't waist any wallpaper pieces either. I am extremely satisfied!!! Thank you Bob!!!! I will recommend him to everyone!"  and was able to schedule and complete the job quickly and within our schedule. I highly recommend RAM for all of your wallpaper needs!!" Bob is the best! Look no further for wall covering installation. He's a true professional. Quick and flawless installation.  and clean.  It was my first wallpaper experience so I didn't know what to expect.  He definitely hooked me!"  great communication and quality of installation.  Thank you!!" They did an incredible job installing wallpaper in my house. We are so happy with their work.  They were early to the job and did an excellent job! We will definitely be using them again.  They are very talented and reliable.  I definitely would recommend them. Bob has been hanging wallpaper for as long as I've been alive.  He must be doing something right." 0tHI0-PzdFW7b9z1AJ64HQ  you should!  Their prices are great for the quality and level of service they give."  I wouldn't take my clothes anywhere else!" "I can't thank Kachina cleaners enough for their amazing service!  They are always taking care of me from red wine stains to missing buttons to my rushes ""can I have it tomorrow?""  My clothes always look perfect & are always ready on-time. I trust them with anything that I need cleaned!  Thank you!" I will never go anywhere else - Kachina Cleaners is the absolute best! They kindly accommodated my last minute rush before a business trip and the owner (Stella I think?) is the sweetest woman ever. I went to a different dry cleaner in the area needing a tight turn around time and they wouldn't accommodate. Kachina did it without hesitation and everything turned out so nice.  it was $42. I am not sure if this is a good deal or not since I have never gotten something like this dry cleaned before. What I do know is that the first place I took them to wouldn't clean them  my sheets & towels are always clean & ready on time. If they are to be closed for holidays; they always have it posted & they verbally tell me as well." "I just had air duct cleaning for my home and they did a great job.  They explained everything before and after.  They were done in the time that they alloted.  They also cleaned 2 chiminies.  They did so good that I had them come 3 days later and do air duct cleaning at my commercial building.  The a/c feels so much better and the building cools down faster.  They were a little bit more expensive in their quote than other companies  it clear that they care greatly about the end result of a project and customer satisfaction!" This place from phone call to service. The guy on the phone explained everything which actually sealed the deal. I was going to search around but after he gave his shpeal it was done. My air quality improved exponentially and I recommended to my friends. We had this company come out today to clean our air ducts and dryer vent. They showed up earlier than expected and did a thorough and efficient job! I highly recommend this company. They really know what they're doing and the guys doing the work were so nice! My house feels & smells different (in a good way!).  I am extremely happy with their service and would highly recommend them to everyone." Ok so my neighbor had a little fire and well the smoke came into my place and I had smoke damage. I was living out of hotels and my mom's house for 4 months trying to get someone to clean up the soot. I had initially called Top Hatter when this started but for some reason I passed them over. 4 months later I called again and scheduled something with Steve. I was very impressed because I let Steve know my situation and he got me the best deal on everything I needed done. These guys did an amazing job and we're just so professional. They cleaned up before they left and even impressed my parents who both now want services done. You should absolutely call these guys if you need your ducts cleaned. Please tell them I sent you. Happy customer here.  They showed up.  Covered things up and went to work.  Pretty thorough.  Price is on the higher end but I believe in You get what you pay for.  Those companies that offer the job for 100-200 dollars I would stay away from.  Mike suggested a revisit every three years. I think that's an excellent suggestion."  courteous and overall awesome. They thoroughly explained the process from start to finish and when I told them I was hoping to get rid of the smoke smell in my air ducts Best customer service that I have experienced in a long time.  AND the job was done neatly and with precision.  The technicians were very professional and friendly.  I cannot say enough good things about my experience with this company!!  informative. Did not make or leave any mess. I will definitely call them next time I need my fireplace cleaned and will call them in the near future to get my air ducts cleaned too."  but we thought it was time to clean it.  The technicians were very professional.  Thank you again for the awesome job.  Paz T."  funny and respectful! I can not stress how much I would recommend this company. Thank you guys so much AMAZING!" My property management company used Top Hatter for bulk dryer vent cleanings on our homes in Tempe. They knocked the jobs out and performed quality service. Also gave us good pricing. Invoicing system needs work but overall good company to deal with. Scheduling an appointment was easy and I was able to get an appointment for the day I wanted. The crew showed up on time and did an amazing job. I really appreciate that they are conscientious with their clean up. The price was the same as quoted -- no upsell  army of talented sub-contractors and communications throughout the entire project were greatly appreciated and we are extremely happy with the end result." 4r-J31gU0DVWbSJf6qUVMw  a think line of some type of putty was noted when the sink had to be removed for a major plumbing project subsequent to the remodel.  The subcontractor who laid the tile  we ended up spending 65k) At first he seemed like a professional but later turned out to be completely unreliable. Kirk refused to return calls or follow up on anything. I'm very disappointed with his work ethic and would NEVER recommend him to anyone. Thank goddess we never signed a single document  and be prepared to have it take longer than you'd ever imagine. If you go into it with the expectation that they're working several jobs simultaneously 