 tortillas among other merchandise that is native to Mexico. If I have a gripe  and all your Mexican basics at cheaper prices than the equivalent store in the illustrious strip district."  since it is a little Mexican store."  it is in desperate need of a makeover.  It is absolutely ghetto inside.  I don't think they've redone the store since the early 90s.  It's an embarrassment on Walnut." Lgyc-00L5pAELhjwUjAz-w  and she always went the extra mile in calling my insurance company if there were any problems with the meds. Everything in the store is conveniently located and it's easy to orient around the store." "I have to drop this down a star because the guy who works in the pharmacy is sooooooo slow. Lines always build up when he's back there. The next time I see this guy when I want a prescription filled Go to the Baum location. It's just around the corner and far nicer inside."  the Clark as soon as I walked in didn't even ask if my dog was serviced just yelled mam dogs are not allowed in here infront of a bunch of people. I was so upset. I will never come in this rite aid again."  but their customers patients lives I hope to never have to fill any type of medicine here again!" Worst pharmacy in the history of pharmacies. Plan to wait for atleast 15 minutes on a good day to several days on a bad day. The staff is rude and store is usually very dirty. Had prescriptions with to few a pills and had them filled with the wrong medication.  and things generally go pretty smoothly. A drop off prescription takes anywhere from 15-30 minutes and picking up an already-filled prescription is pretty immediate. I really have no complaints. It's not perfect And let's be honest: it's a cool name. Check out the plaque in the store for an explanation."  and literally pushed aside due to a store clerk's homophobia. My partner and I were basically refused service from this man because we are a same-sex couple. Never buy from this store unless you want to support discrimination and out-right bigotry."  this time insisting he do her a favor by opening the cash register anyway. He was never this much of a wishy-washy jerk when we shop together."  which is always a plus in my book. I wish I could go everywhere in my PJ's!"  friendly staff.  WIsh they had what I had come in for.  Carmex anyone?  I thought it was a regular staple at any drugstore...." I came in to get an Arnold Palmer iced tea. The only person manning the counter was not to enthusiastic about working there ZEM2xQshu0KC-x8OhGhPdg Buy one get one Arizona iced tea!  avoid this station. It's super sketchy at night--lots of unsavory characters lurking around. I definitely kinda feel unsafe  what can really be said? The staff is super friendly though."  "" I'm not going to let any customer ruin my day"" when I asked for a refund for the products that I didn't receive the coupons for that I should have.  While waiting on the manager  always really nice staff and plenty of great seasonal stuff to pick through. I haven't used the Pharmacy as of yet but it is pretty close to my house so I font see why I wouldn't since they have the drive thru. My only complaint I guess  you would call it is the general area. Can be dicey at night and there seems to be plenty of transient folks hanging out in the parking lot." Walgreens on Albemarle Road has really went down hill even more with managers care more about employees and customers they have no respect they don't answer questions about drugs medication don't bother calling the corporate office they support their bad behavior of store managers talking about liars this company will lie to save an employee and that too is supported by corporate management I've been with this company 20 years time to move on I will not be far of this devilish behavior that's why Sam Club and Walmart is picking up a large quantity of customers better service less expensive drugs . Went shopping here yesterday customer service girl here I believe her name is Shannon was superb checking out not only did my walgreens card save me some money but she also had coupons for what I purchased and she swiped that as well..so I say thank u.... This Walgreen really is conveniently located at the intersection of two of the busiest streets in University area.  This store is 24 hours a day 7 days a week.  This store is getting old and the employees seem as if they are really tired of working at that place but they are nice.  The pharmacy staff are slow always!!!!  This store is not setup like your usual store but they have a lot of what you need.  being open 24 7 is a plus at least."  employee politeness and prescription availability. Went to Walgreens early in the morning (3am) and they where not able to fill a script because of it being written for the same day. Kinda makes being across from a hospital and having a 24hr pharmacy a waste of time. Children get sick in the middle of the night. How are you not going to dispense the medicine? Where not talking controlled substances here! I don't know that I would go back again." There is nothing to set this place apart from Is my point across yet? Very slow service with employees who seem to hate their jobs." This Walgreens is dreadful to go to. The staff are rude and treat you like you're a nuisance. I waited 30 minutes to pick up my medicine and they told me it still was not ready. 1 hour later I came back and waited 45 min again. This medicine was new for me and I had a lot of questions.. When I asked to speak to the pharmacist I was told he was too busy. I switched drug stores immediately after this experience. I highly recommend avoiding this drugstore. "Horrible customer service. On hold for over an hour... then hung up on I called to see if my prescription was ready and see how much it'd cost. After 45 min of holding I just went to the store..just to find out they don't accept Tricare. They move super slow and weren't helpful at all. Good prices.Your friendly neighborhood gas station convenience store. Best gas prices in Tega Cay.  Gate was probably the cheapest gas in the area. It's still within a penny or two of them  and would listen to their customers. I've walked in to make purchases. I'm usually met with ""next register. This one's closed"". Nice huh?  I've asked about non-ethanol fuel. No one seems to care. About 2 months ago my fuel pump was taking forever and I went inside to ask for help. None offered. I did a little research and found that a slow pump usually means clogged or dirty filters in the station pump system. My wife and I revisited separately and each of us found   keep in mind that in the summer the place can get packed out b c of all the visitors coming across the street from Carowinds getting food and snacks at the store and the Wendy's that's right next door." I've switched to this station instead of the Kangaroo across the street because they are both priced the same  and practically unreadable in the sunshine. There were pumps that were out of order. I will not be stopping here again for gas even though the prices were cheap. That doesn't do you a lot of good if you can't pump the fuel." Lady behind the counter wouldn't allow prepayment of gas with a $100 bill bc as she said ""I wouldn't be able to pay out wining lottery tickets"" if I did.  So she is choosing one paying customer over another.   The second issue with this is she has taken the stance that she will refuse legal tender issued by the U.S. Treasury."  be warned that the pump speed at this gas station is a bit slow.. Try the other gas stations around it and there should be better results." "I had to rate for this to be online!  It SO deserves less than minus!! I was buying a product... 3 times I was told a price but not for the cost. He said that he was the owner when I asked who was in charge ( not a worker or mgr). He refused to give me anything but the store number!! I called the police...they said ""look online for a number"" boy was I hot!!! I will not be in this store again!!!!!!!!!!!! He tried playing it off as ""I'm not from this country""!!!!"  this is the place to act out on it.  You'll be thrilled with the bright colors and whirling machines.  All the amazing choices in food and beverage Friendly employees and super clean! We love QT.  much better than any of the ghetto locations nearby. 1stop shop. Thank you for coming to this side of town!"  even in the middle of the night.  I have never been bothered by panhandlers or solictors like at the other gas stations in the area."  coffee and drink selection exceeded my expectations. The place is also clean well stocked and employees are friendly."  but that's a small price to pay for air.... which is kind of ridiculous to ever pay for when you think about it. The outlet for this gas station is at a light The best customer service!!! Superfamily check out. Great selection. Gas prices are average for the area. Best pizza in town but you have to pick it up.  Hut is so boring and Pizza Pit closed.  Kind of wierd that the best pizza in toen is from a gas station but it is good! "I NEVER thought I'd say that a pizza from a GAS STATION is the best in town...but there you have it.  It really is--hands down.  The crust is PERFECT: yeasty This is absolutely the best pizza in DeForest. Everyone there is always super friendly too! Talent ? When you are carrying the above listed items all in one basket At times they also have some nice selections when it comes to seasonal items such as Easter  NO MORE day trips to the Middleton Walgreen's!!!" I visit this Walgreens often since I work in the neighborhood. The employees are always very polite and helpful especially the 2 gentlemen and young woman who work the registers during the evening hours.  (I wish I could remember their names).  Get signed up for their rewards program....there are great deals to be had!  but it is easy enough to punch in your phone number while checking out. I don't bother trying to use the actual rewards card. Having the ""Walgreen's"" off brand items definitely helps you save a little money."  as a technician. I have a pretty good idea of what the job entails."  I still need my drugs!  Glorious drugs!  So instead I sit in the drive thru for 30 minutes with all the other people who need scripts but don't want to chance going inside."  or bread.  Good selection of coffee.  They sell those jars of Frappucino." The people working there are very cool and they help y a lot!"  saying I took my old one there. I don't think I will sell my integrity for a 20 bucks ink. Ridiculous mean!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Staff was friendly and they had what we needed." the birthday cake eminems were on sale but they were disappointing at best  do your thing in a place that's not as public bathroom feeling as you'd expect "The store was very clean and well stocked. The womens restroom smelled nice as I walled by Clean bathrooms!  Huge selection of great snacks and healthy ones too!  it will suit your needs. Oh and they have cold bottles of water."  I get that it's at night and not as busy but come on. When you express complaints to staff they don't give a sh** I go here a couple times a week for gas since I live near the gas station and the staff is NEVER friendly nor the staff in the McDonald's that's connected to it if I didn't have to go here I wouldn't... It's normally really dirty in there too.. "Gas stations have notoriously filthy bathrooms. This one might be among the worst I have seen. Ever. After using this bathroom "It's okay. It's a standard Circle K. The gas is a little pricey because it's near the airport/rental car center. In a shabby part of town "Most helpful and friendly pharmacy staff that I've ever encountered. The drive thru can be slow He refused to override the charge for a prescription that I'd already paid for. He told me if I had a problem I could call 1800-Walgreens. I did just that. I spoke with someone in customer service who said that someone would contact me within 48 hours. I received a call the next day saying that my prescription was ready and the fee was being waived. Jerk." and sometimes they have treats for my dog!"  has most everything you would want/need from a convenience store." "EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE HERE! I've used the pharmacy (drive through at night) and store during the day and both were excellent experiences. By accident I left an item behind in the store after a purchase and the employees And it has all of my girly necessities "I've been filling my scripts here for almost three years and Chris always goes above and beyond to make the process as easy as possible and answer any questions. Sometimes the wait for the drive-thru takes awhile Very friendly staff that is always happy and willing to assist with any needs. Every time I visit as a frequent customer I'm treated with respect and kindness. Run from this place.  I have Walgreens for years. No more. The prescriptions are not filled when promised. They lost one that took me forever to get.  Scary situation. How well are you prescriptions being properly filled if they can't the paper work right.  Horrible place. I want to write this to warn you of the growing homeless population that seems to live outside of this location.  I honestly feel bad for people that are stuck in this situation but begging just makes me feel uncomfortable.  Not a day goes by that I shop here and am pestered with requests for money.  The thing is that I don't really carry cash ever so I feel bad for not having any but also feel violated for being requested to shell out my hard earned cash to someone that is setting up camp outside a drug store and speaking low and incoherently and walking towards you and your car.  Gives me the creeps." "Walgreen's=crap.  This particular location has me convinced to avoid Walgreen's altogether for matters of convenience.  Poor service in the pharmacy is common.  This is strange for a place that was built around the pharmacy business.  Pharmacists here=decent people.  The pharmacy techs=overpaid  but go elsewhere if you want to get anything done in a timely manner." do something about the bums and ill consider coming back to your store" "A fairly decent Walgreens. This location did not carry as many items I have found in others Pharmacy is entirely too slow.   This is a busy place.  Either need faster workers or more of them Got a flu vaccine today and although the pharmacy was very busy I did not have to wait long (15 minutes or so).  Pharmacist administering the shot was very professional and I did not even feel the needle! "Wow... So I ordered 3 photo books spent 2 days customizing them and hit the ""same day pick up"" option. It showed me several stores at which I could pick up and I chose this one. My pick up time was 7:15 pm. I showed up at the pick up time and was told by the gentleman who works the photo department that they were unable to make these because they were out of ink. Why they didn't call me when they received the order I don't know.. But these were Christmas presents and I needed them tonight. I asked them what I could do and they said they were calling around to get the ink from another store. The manager then told me I would need to drive and pick the ink up if I wanted these done tonight as his staff didn't have cars. So i drive just a few miles down the road retrieved the ink and came back. Keep in mind I already asked if they could just transfer my order and they said they couldn't. So as I handed them the ink he told me it was the wrong kind. At this point I'm pissed but all I care about is getting these books. He told me unfortunately there wasn't anything they could do and would refund my money.. Which I didn't want I want the photo books I ordered. Before just giving up and running with my money I called the online customer service number and in 2 minutes she transferred my order to another store. Yes I was retarded for not just doing that myself at the beginning... But I trusted the manager of the store... Whatever you do do not assume if it says your order will be ready that it truly will. My mistake that I won't make again." I would like to give them some credit.. They gave me two free books and a store credit when I went back. At least they made it right. Thank you Alex (store manager) "I think don helped me today in photo. Couldn't possibly be more annoyed. No hello. Had to stand there for 10 minutes just to have him huff and puff over nothing. Terrible customer service Very friendly and courteous employees here." NEVER. Just go to the cosmetics counter. Tell 'em Thomas S. sent ya!"  I may be transferring the family prescriptions to Walgreen's. It's a nice change to deal with people who actually make the extra effort and who seem to care  the 16 year old check out dude will wonder why you're buying it at 1:13 PM on a Wednesday afternoon but do you really feel like you need to hide your pleasure seeking ways from him. Make him jealous." This is the only useful yelp I've ever written! How could only one person find this useful? I don't understand..."  this location attracts a lot of crazies and weirdos - perhaps bc of its proximity to the LR station and Central Ave in general."  and that's just the people that work there. They roll one distrustful eye up towards you (the other obscured by emo fringe) and glare at you for even daring to disturb them. As for the people that shop here My only recommendation would be that Take Care hire a medical tech to assist with checking people  they say they know shes there. She has a shopping cart there with all her stuff. Shes friendly  they have been more efficient with their operations whenever I have come through here." I went there today for my son with only partial info on his Insurance (no card) they took care of everything with no hassles and had it filled quick." I showed up without an appointment and without insurance. An hour later I was seen by the doctor and given 2 prescriptions all for under $150. Thank you Walgreens Take Care Clinic." I am contacting an attorney first thing Monday morning. Good luck Walgreens."  this has happened to me before at the same location BEFORE the remodeling. So they can't blame it on remodeling confusion. They are just dumb." I want to see what happens with the displays when Christmas is no longer dominant before I get too giddy Walgreen's as been a life saver at 3 in the morning on several occasions."  you're a fuckin moron." DD04nMRVg0fBGHCX3uCLwA This Walgreens was in major need of renovation and boy did they hit this one out of the park. Walgreens new company style and service has far exceeded my expectations with this location. I've been here numerous times for numerous reasons and have never been disappointed with selection and customer service. I highly recommend anyone who wants to check out the new revamped Walgreens at this location.  and pertussis) and it was a super fast pleasant experience. I opted for the pharmacist to do it  you might want to try the ER if you're carrying your pinky finger in a cup of ice." Convenience stores sure have come a long way.  I recently went here to pick up some prescriptions and I was blown away with the store.  The lighting was bright so you could see everything.  The aisles were not so tall that you couldn't see over them. There were signs everywhere so it made it easy to find what you were looking for.   The customer service at the pharmacy was top notch. They provided me with an estimated wait time and were spot on. They rang up my additional items right there. Even though they were busy each person received such great attention and smiling from everyone there it was heartening. It is also nice to know that they have a take care clinic available right in the store.  I recommend if unsung it to schedule an appointment online. I think they have a restroom here that you can use if waiting for a script as well. I just heard some folks asking and they let them use it. So that is yet another handy item they give."  those in need of a coupon or savings for their special medications.  A worthy face of the Walgreen empire." Last night 4/4/14 we attempted to make a digital print and were having issues. The young man at photo was very unhelpful and rude.  We ordered our print and went in to pick it up today and we ordered a thumbnail instead of a 4x6.  The young woman today Margold(?) salvaged it and presented us with a beautiful 8x10 in about 5 minutes! Thank you so much for turning what was a bad experience into an awesome experience.  In addition I ended up buying some things I would have purchased elsewhere.  he let out a big sigh as if I was causing him an inconvenience. He asked me why I hasn't filled out paperwork (which were nowhere to be seen) and grabbed the papers I had brought (for the physical). He stared at the papers and  looked at them as if they were written in a foreign language. He let out another sigh. It was at this point that he wanted to start the exam  the prevailing customer service attitude is ""Don't like it? Feel free to take your money elsewhere."" They know all they have to do is outlast their lone remaining bricks-and-mortar competitor.)" Love this place! I have been going here for years (since I'm right across the street) and everyone is always so friendly. Just went in tonight and had excellent customer service (like always) which is why I wanted to write this review. Everyone in there is amazing and friendly. True neighborhood establishment!  I was a fan until I came to fill my dogs prescription here. I dropped it off during a busy time and they said one hour to fill. I come back and they say they didn't fill it because of how much it cost. They wanted to make sure I was ok with the high price. Umm...how about call me or something? Too bad. Still get photos here but no longer fill prescriptions"  and the time before that they called me to tell me it was ready and when I showed up it wasn't ready. I'm sick of waiting here and eating my time for my prescriptions. I am taking my business elsewhere."   like playing cards for my mom or magnets... Can't be beat"  this is best option near me since Quick Pharmacy closed. They make a ton of $ on scripts with my family of 4.  Called ahead and spoke with pharmacy rep on site...asked timing for.a prescription that had been called in by my doc. Pharmacy said 15 min...now still here and its 15 min plus 45 more. Pita."  always ask how I am doing and are chatty while I check out."  I've heard  a lot of positive feed back from my friends."  which is great when you need something late. I've had a number of posters printed here through the photo department and they've always been great about making sure they look exactly as I want (even if that means re-printing). The staff is friendly too. I had a chest cold recently and was unsure what type of medicine to get for it. The pharmacist in the store came out from behind the desk and helped me pick out medicine for it these days want a paycheck but don't want to work for it !!"  but what I do take issue with is this store making me seem like I'm crazy. When a company has a parking lot they are supposed to maintain the care of the lot..not only after someone threatens to file a lawsuit against them do you then decide to remove the tree. That was and negligence on their part. Guess what my vehicle is still damaged from their negligence." "A walgreens with no liquor? What am I  has Milky Way Midnights and a good selection of tampons so its not like I am going to stop going here." "I pass by this walgreens on the way home so I stop in frequently. Always able to find what I need. Clean and organized  but by that time I got my photo elsewhere. Save yourself the trouble and just stick to getting snacks  and variety...especially at this location.  Cheaper meds just put them over the top !!!!" Store is clean and organized. Everyone is very nice and helpful. :) Pretty aloof pharmacy staff. They give conflicting information and seem fairly clueless.  fill your belly with a sandwich and wash it down with 3 shots of Jim Beam. you rock. don't get caught with a DUI now."  so you will have to wait a bit longer than in a fast food restaurant but its worth it if you value freshly cooked food.  This store has a huge selection of liquors and wines and one shot mini bottles too."  though I think their beer prices are a bit on the high side.  $1 more then I consider right for a six-pack of craft beer.  Can't beat the location (for me) though." The best gas station/ deli / liquor store/ everything ..... Stopped in and found Johnny Walker blue..... Johnny Walker blue at a gas station  wow wow wow thanks guys! Some drawbacks to this location are not being as clean as Walgreens is known for Pharmacy: They only have 1 person staffing this location. Takes more than 30 minutes to fill a Rx. Very friendly cashiers. I love it when you go somewhere and you can tell employees love their job.  I experienced 2 very pleasant customer service representatives and my cashier was eager to encourage the sale special. Coupons are such a fun bonus!  I prefer CVS and the customer service is precisely why.  I just was hassled and told I was unable to my returns as it was too many in one day.  After a total of $18 in returns the manager  I wait a couple of hours for a prescription to be filled.  They are as slow as molasses at this location and I don't understand it.  I use the one on 7th st and McDowell and never run into this.  I keep on forgetting that my kids home pharmacy is this one and I need to change that quickly.  I definitely will be using the another walgreens or CVS." Seemed good enough.  A bit messy as kids had been in toy aisle and left toys strewn about on the floor.  Had to wait for clerk to get $7 headphones out from locked display. My generic aloe Vera cost more than that. Guess headphones voted  most likely to be stolen. "Perfect for the Loma Linda neighborhood and it appears that it has been here a long time.  You can stop in for beer g6wD_iM7rdeeGizFHQucow "I grew up down the street from this place! Surprised to see that there are a couple reviews on Yelp. Its a good convenience store for cheap things that you need quickly. I personally buy too much soda and candy there which is not much of a need I love this place!! I just moved to the neighborhood and Mike could not be friendly & welcoming!!! He always calls me by name when I come in & asks how my day is going. If I could do all my shopping here I would :)  you need to give this place a try...it is truly one of the best sandwiches I've had in at least a year or two.  I will be going back...REAL SOON."  although I took my sandwich to go.  I'll be back to this deli / market for sure - I live and work super close by!" I frequent this establishment bi-weekly and always get a legit sando. Not too many Deli's in Phx that are that classic Deli/Convenient store combo like you find on every few corners in Cali  delicious sandwiches and boasts Boar's Head quality meats and cheeses.  I was so happy when I stumbled across this place.  It feels like a true ""corner"" deli.  The sandwiches vary between $5-6 a pop with a wide assortment of options.  They certainly don't skimp on the fixings.  My simple turkey and salami on sliced wheat bread was a good 2.5 inches tall.  They also have a great selection of beverages and beers to compliment your sandwich selection.  We sat outside to enjoy our sandwiches and watched a steady stream of happy customers I stopped in quickly for bottled water and walked out with a delicious bacon turkey club piled high with turkey. Surprisingly... Amazing!! The fresh bacon makes it mouthwatering. Docked one star because they lacked personality & admittedly don't use Yelp!  roast beef) & the turkey-ham on a wheat roll was filling and delicious!  We will be going back." Worst bathrooms on earth really dirty gone down hill fast avoid at all cost 1/3 pound burger looked like a happy meal ! My date got food poisoning Pass it by! It's nice to have a bodega on this side of town. The deli keeps it classic with their offerings but their ingredients are top notch. I visit here about once a month to get my sub sandwich fix.  and all the other necessary convenience items." Stupid pharmacy. I want my drugs!" As soon as this last prescription they've messed up (without telling me) that I'm waiting for comes in I haven't had any negative experiences here. The pharmacist has been helpful  but this location is set up in a way that makes me partial to it compared to other locations.  Their wine section is absolutely amazing and has fun new labels at great prices & often has awesome specials.  They also have a great selection of liquor like Pinnacle Vodka (whipped cream flavors) etc." Don't waste your time with this store chain..Not worth it"""  which are usually on sale for $6.99. There was a sign posted which said $6.99..they rang up regular price. The rude lady stated that she would not change it because the sign was wrong and should have been taken down. (She saId this very rudely)  Ummm excuse me...we believe people should honor the price that's up..it was their mistake not ours. The cashier Katina was sweet enough to call the manager up to refund us the difference."  but I guess that can be expected. I've never really had any issues with the pharmacy either If you must go because of the location I recommend audio taping every conversation with the pharmacist!!!" I love this Walgreens! Go there for all my Pharmacy needs. All it takes is one rude asshole to alienate a customer which he did with flying colors."  to which I found two clerks chewing gum and leaning on the back wall behind the counter. I had to ask for them to ring me up. You would have thought that I asked them to change my tire. I know working at a gas station probably isn't their dream job Pricey fuel but I appreciate this location that is near the freeway on Glendale/Lincoln.  I used to live nearby and this place is always clean and pretty nice.  It is very small but serves its purpose.  newspapers and other items are sold at this small food mart location." Who's had to also dig around for quarters and be frustrated when the attendant won't turn it on cl5gr18l4R00NnQbVtgJ5Q Nice people. Clean but cluttered aisles. Really? Not very coupon friendly. Moved to cvs.  the employees are a lot friendlier.  The Drive Thru can sometimes be a pain after work and sometimes you see homeless people in the parking lot but it's 24 hrs which is a plus." Cluttered but convenient - passport photos until 9:00pm. This walgreens is the closest to my place and this review is based on their pharmacy.  It is the absolute worst place to go and I seriously recommend this place to no one ever. It started Wednesday when I drop my prescription off at 9 in the morning and they told me it would be ready by 11. I never heard of any place taking 2 hours to fill a prescription I wasn't in the mood to drive around looking for place to fill it quicker so I said Ok I'll be back. I ran some errands and at 12 noon I went to go get my prescription there was 5 cars waiting outside so I went inside and there was a line of 6 people.  Never had I seen a place so packed for prescriptions so I waited and as I get to the Counter and give my name they said it would be another hour or so. I explained I had to get to work and that I was told to pick up at 11 and it was 12 and the pharmacist named Frank said he would get on top of it and it would be 10 to 15 minutes well he was getting tugged around everywhere as pharmacists usually do but as soon as he got to my script he would type for literally 20 seconds before someone said something that called for a pharmacist to explain what medications were for and have you taken this before and blah..blah.. blah after 30 minutes he finally gets me my prescription and I vowed to never go back they didn't care and probably hoped I was serious being that they have no shortage of customers. That was Wednesday mind you and today my girlfriend took our son to urgent care and he needed medicine for his ear infection and also his rash I was at work but she told me that the same thing happened to her except they forgot to fill the rash creme and told her it would be another hour she was livid because they told her 2 hours and she actually waited 3 hours before she went back because she had to get my son down for a nap being that he was fussy and tired and the same thing happened and they didn't have the prescription ready. We will NEVER return to this walgreens. I will drive an extra few miles to cvs or any other place besides walgreens. I highly recommend no one goes here but if you don't take my word for it I guarantee you will be highly disappointed. "Pharmacy is terrible. The are slow and disorganized with poor customer service. I use them rarely  always trying to help you find something.. Better to be bothered with an offer to help than be ignored! Great service." I give this pharmacy the worst ratings. No customer service. The pharmacy tech thinks his God. He didn't help us. During my whole visit. I seen him be disrespectful to a veteran. He too was in pain. No remorse what so ever. Don't go to this pharmacy. A total of 3 hrs waiting. Never got the medicine my husband needed. Don't go there. Unless you want to be disappointed." Will go anywhere but here."  they don't. I'm now about to take my kids to the emergency room because the pharmacy said they are too busy to fill it. Read the reviews you idiots. Fix your pharmacy staff or enjoy the lawsuits. Second time you have harmed my kids. I will never make this mistake again and will drive to avoid you fools." 59 minutes and I'm walking out the front door. I feel so free!!!!" Would rate zero if I could.   Stopped in today and waited 5 minutes at the checkout counter and no one was there.   Not sure if anyone was even working.   Finally left and left the products I was going to purchase sitting on the counter.   Neve going to step foot inside this store again.  you need to go to the other location"". When I asked to see a manager he rudely told me he was the manager and I should know that because his vest is special color. Avoid this location at all costs." The pharmacy techs are extremely rude and not willing to help. They just act like I'm some crazy person. I am not on Medicaid or anything like that. I have a job and private health insurance that costs an arm and a leg. I can't even get my medication because they are NOT doing their job." "Idk about the reviews. It's like every other Walgreens I've ever been in. You always expect to wait 30 minutes for meds of you wait for them but so nice to get meds ant time of day. It's that way everywhere "This location brings ineptness and mediocrity to new levels. There is an issue ever time a script is filled. My most recent experience was with an antibiotic script. My doctor faxed it an hour earlier; I stopped in on my way home to see if it was ready. They claimed they never received it. I called my doctor and they had confirmation that it had been received at this location an hour earlier but offered to resend it to them  in the proper spot for easy locating. The woman in the department (Bonnie) was very helpful locating merchandise I had dental surgery today.  I dropped off my prescription and was told it would be ready in an hour.  I am siting in line with a throbbing tooth 2 hours and 20 minutes later.  Not real happy. If I could give a zero I would this is the third time I've been in to pick up a medication and have had to wait more than and hour for a medicine pickup. There always seems to be an issue with every single customer. You wait in line for 40 minutes to drop off your prescription and then another hour to pick it up after its finished. This is a Mickey Mouse club house in here. Not normally a Walgreen user. I had to go to a 24 hr pharmacy. My prescription was 135.00 . I didn't have coverage for prescriptions and the pharacist had a coupon that brought my drug down to 24.00. Frys has never done that for me. Sunday nite Jan 10th around 9pm. Don't remember the man's name. He was extremely helpful  the Pharmacy staff seems constantly confused by the simplest requests My fiance just left the ER and came to this location to fill his prescription.  He has been here before.  He had never had an issue before.  Today he had an issue.  The lady at the pharmacy was extremely rude and told him he couldn't get his pain meds because he didn't have an AZ drivers liscence! What BS is that! He went down the street to CVS...much better pharmacy services there. Long story short I got prescribed medication the other day around 4:00pm and the lady told me that won't be ready til about 6-630pm. Already red flag because back in Ohio  don't assume that I'm standing there because I am I part of the passport family who is Indian and I also happen to look brown. I'll pass on coming back here in the future." Cleaner than any other QT I have ever been to. Very well stocked. Pleasant experience each time. "I have been to this Quick Trip several times over the past 8 years. It's easy to get in and out of and normally there is always a few spots open to pump my gas. It's also conveniently located. I can stop here on my way to work and still be on time. I don't usually go inside This QT is just a short distance from the 51 Freeway and is a great spot to grab some gas if needed and all your snacks and drink needs.  Very busy location so be careful driving in and out. I always prefer to stop at QT's. It's just a lot more comfortable. They all look the same and are always well maintained. Bathrooms are very clean. Floorplans are very similar. My preferred place to stop for gas or random snacks during the day. The male bathroom was very dirty. There were crap stains on the back toilet and urine on the floor and foot prints in it. They are not keeping the bathrooms cleans at this QT My secret favorite item is the bbq pork sandwich you have to micro wave. Add relish and done chipotle sauce and it's better than a Mc Rib! I happen to crave the sand which at times and it's available 24-7 here." FYI- Free air for your tires just in case you need it." The staff is friendly and efficient. I've practically never waited in line. Happy snacking and safe travels "this quick trip is a good environment to be in because the staff is friendly. I come here Monday-Friday every week because I work in transportation and have a small bathroom break here. the downside to this place is the bathroom. the women's bathroom is hardly ever cleaned. I go in at 8 am every morning and not once have I seen a clean toilet. there are only two toilets and the staff can't keep them clean for some reason. I find myself wiping down the seat and using one of those paper things you sit on because they are downright dirty. I feel like nobody should have to clean the toilets themselves. it should be clean already for their customers. it just irritates me because it isn't my job  and the place is always clean and shiny despite all the traffic it gets. I pick up sandwiches on my way to work sometimes that make my coworkers jealous! Great place and great peeps! Thumbs up!"  but I would swear they are hiring Harvard Grads as the counter help.  Always very very professional and courteous.  This store is immaculate and the product selection is very nice.  Their gas prices are usually the lowest in the neighborhood and are only occasionally edged out by Costco." tFyQbNbBQEyEc9oCr1pJUg  but QuikTrip always proves itself to be a good stop off in the realm of fill ups."  especially beer! This one has the cheapest fuel on my way to work for me. They are always super friendly staff for 4am when I stop in haha" "I wanted to write a quick review about my experience each morning on my way to work when I stop in. Joey is probably the hardest working guy I have ever seen. He is extremely friendly and outgoing and he even remembers my name each time I come in. He asks me about my day and about my son and even has shared a bit with me about his little girls and his lovely wife. I am only in the store for about 5 minutes each time This qt is one of the best in n. phoenix. Since it is on a major road aand right off the 101 the gas is higher than those further away from the freeway. Besides that the emploees are great. They do a great job of keeping the store clean and stocked. If there is a problem they are quick to fix it! ...I guess this is the trip part... they actually believe in customer service. Not a high turnover rate so they actually remember your face. Plenty of parking.new gas pumps and the whip cream machine thank you for that qt. no more starbucks for me!No matter what time of day or night you actually feel safe. I always make sure I stop at this qt in the morning  and 5 Hour Energy drinks! Quiktrips are the best convenience store/gas station in the valley."  and cheap.  The four Cs get five stars." friendly and fast service! "I'm actually loving their new kitchen with food made to order. just tried the hazelnut iced latte and its not too bad. Staff is friendly Great speedy service! The staff is always friendly and the place is spotless. They have the best prices in town on gas and other product. "I kind of hate quick trip - only because my boyfriend loves it so darn much. He drags me there regularly.  No normal human being should ever need to go to the gas station as often as he does. That being said cashiers dont know how to count.  if you like loosing money come here  it doesn't  get any better." V5SEipw__kBpFPlo1Rba-g The staff is friendly and very fast at their job the parking is large and I know exactly what to expect here it's probably the best convenience store around The gas prices always seem reasonable and lower on average here and they sell 2 Five Hour Energy black labels for $6.  I like the two 1 liter water bottles for $2 too.  What else can I say about a 7-11.  I just wanted 1st review credits. HA! As there are way to many other stores around making this nothing more than a way for me to spend to much money "I haven't been to this 7-11 for nearly 6 years. And now I remember why. The same incompetent workers are somehow still working at this location. The asian man is extremely rude and does not listen to anyone. He treated his customers like they were pests and couldn't get rid of us fast enough. To top it off Great location. Very friendly staff and pharmacy. Small town store feel with big store name. My kids and I are ALWAYS here for something!" Still great store overall. Very helpful staff"  organized store.  The woman working in the cosmetic section was a bit bored and wanted to talk "Nice and close however the pharmacy can be ridiculously slow Went through the drive thru pharmacy the past two times. Had to wait at least 30 minutes both times. 