YMEtEsUDQKOYJOcE5Fx3gQ I can't wait to go back!" Can't stop thinking about that Jewish Pizza..." Plays well with a Tazza latte around the corner! The quiche was divine and the the biscuits were what I imagine my mom would have made had she actually made biscuits. Two words: YUM-OH! Cannot wait to return to the Steel City so I can partake in some of the desserts.  and the cake was the hit the talk of the party.  I will have to take 2 cakes to the next party.  Everyone stated that it was the best cake they had ever had.  My daughter craves that cake on Tuesday "This place has probably some of the best pastries I've ever encountered.  The treats are consistently great to amazing to even mouth watering.  The bakery is this quaint little place that is really cute with nice baking decorations and everything.  The staff is really friendly and always helpful with making the hard selection.  The cupcakes are these cream-stuffed pieces of heaven The line can be long but the staff is very efficient-- I've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes. I can't say enough wonderful things about this place!"  to-die-for German choc cake and a really good sugar free cake with berries ( you'd never guess it was sugar free)The only thing that I thought was ""meh"" was the macaroons- tried blood orange and pistachio- have had much better right here in Pittsburgh from the French bakery in Millvale. I consider myself and expert in macaroons  it's worth arriving at 9:30 to experience the novelty and cool experience of this strange Bring cash! $10 minimum for credit debit cards." I'll be back. If they can serve such yummy treats moments before they close I can only imagine how amazing they must be first thing in the morning." Just go early :)  They open at 10 on Saturdays.  And bring cash...it's easier that way." There is a small seating area with tables and a water dispenser for diners." YMEtEsUDQKOYJOcE5Fx3gQ "I'm a creature of habit--I've been getting a savory and sweet item each time I'm around the neighborhood. White lily cake is divine! Quiches always tasty. Macarons are alittle too sweet. I wish the cake slices weren't $4 pop. Otherwise  our friends told my boyfriend and I to go here and get a ham sandwich. A ham sandwich? We thought. Yes a ham sandwich. My bf grabbed two to go while I waited in the car and we started eating and driving  and I went in after early dinner. It was completely unplanned but we were attracted to the quaint storefront. We purchased a crispy elephant ear-like dessert sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar. It was glorious. I bought a piece of apple-walnut-cinnamon sugar cake with cream cheese frosting. It was delicious an moist. We also purchased freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. They were absolutely rich and scrumptious. The woman who was there an greeted us seemed like she might be the owner. She was sweet and very helpful. Great disposition. This is probably my favorite small bakery in Pittsburgh. Delightful."  maybe they're trying to really nail that French bakery vibe :)  No matter  1 seats 2 people). On a quieter morning you should be able to find a seat. They serve coffee as well (nothing to write home about)  which I find to be a little annoying. Regardless- it's worth it. It's such a hidden gem and going there and experiencing their sweets is a real treat." I have never been disappointed.  This is the kind of place that SHOULD exist.  It has that home made taste with a professional look.  Everything tastes fresh and delicious.  I have not had one bad thing from there yet." "This is the best little bakery in Pittsburgh!  My favorites include: key lime cake  lilac cake (which is basically the best white cake you'll ever have)  you should absolutely treat yourself to the delicious baked goods at Food Glorious Food."  and a brownie.  Everything was delicious!  The service was exceptional. There was a line out the door as we were leaving at about 11:30am. We will certainly go back as we are fussy about our baked goods and this place meets our standards."  bought the first time because I liked the name.  Now my family expects me to bring it to all family functions!  It is beautiful to look at and delicious to taste!" I've been to Europe and experienced the patisseries in Paris and they're as good as confectionary sweets dessert food gets but  but the atmosphere and quality at Food Glorious Food is something more than panache  and they take credit card. I came here in the early afternoon on a Saturday so they may have sold out of some items."  one of the best pieces of cake I've had. Definitely tops the list of wedding cakes. The icing is nice and light Tom and Brad are the BEST! My entire family LOVES this place and Tom and Brad (and you will too!) "This place.  I can't say good enough things about it.  Dangerously delicious treats and super nice staff.  I do wish they had markers on their items so people wouldn't spend 10 minutes asking what each individual product is Absolutely love this place! It's only a few blocks away from where I live and we love walking over and grabbing a little something. My favorite is the buttermilk biscuits. Soooo yummy. The cinnamon rolls are great too. Not a huge fan of the chocolate chip cookie only because they use a mix of semi sweet and milk chocolate chips. (I personally hate milk chocolate). But other than that I love this place! I highly recommend trying it out!  they appear to accept credit!  Not sure if there was a minimum."  I'd rank Food Glorious Food within the upper quartile of PGH bakeries.  Unfortunately ""Why should we be fated to brood on ... beautiful "This cooking school is held at the beautiful North Central home of Chef  Barbara Fenzl  and every month she gets an extraordinary chef in and teaches you several recipes which you then get to try afterwards.  The classes are typically  from 6:30 to 9:00 p.m.The featured chef will have their cookbook there and  sign autographs afterwards. Barbara is also an exquisite chef and has authored many Southwest Style cookbooks. She  ison  hand to answer questions too. The recipes are printed out for everyone. The classes are small I'll update the star rating after I've taken the class. I just wanted to give my experience with Barbara personally." 