My friend has used Dr. Voci in the past for other procedures and was very pleased with the results. I met Dr. Voci before and after the procedure today and I really enjoyed meeting him. It is very apparent that he cares about his patients." Dr. Voci is a caring and competent surgeon. Patient safety is top on his list along with individualized patient care. The facility operates under the highest standards to insure positive outcomes. His staff members are well trained and exhibit expertise and professionalism.  I finally have mustered up the courage and of course saved up the money to attempt to revise this butcher's (Voci) work. It will cost me $13000 to have my revision. My nose looks like it was broken as one side of it is completely pulled up and crooked. It is so important to have this type of surgery done with a board certified surgeon who specializes in surgery of the face. Even then Rhinoplasty is a specialty within the realm of facial plastic surgery. Do your homework. What angers me I have been to Dr. Voci for a breast augmentation and have referred 2 others there for the same procedure and we are all extremely happy with our results!  Dr. Voci is extremely nice and really listens to his patients.  I recently went back to him for some facial filler (17 years later) and he is just as sweet as I remembered.  The entire staff was very accommodating and I will definitely be going back! Don't expect great results no matter how much money you spend.  Kim will only try to talk you in to more treatments and when you get little results there is always an excuse.  There are several places in the Madison area that offer similar services and actually spend time with you versus allocating the smallest amount of time possible in order to make the most money.  It's similar to an assembly line.  I recommend that you shop around.  when I complained I was informed that this was actually my fault for not following their recommended skin care regimen.  6 months later I went to a dermatologist who prescribed triluma.  1 10th the cost  and that's exactly what happened.  The results exceeded my expectations and I'm very happy with it.  The worst of the dark spots are completely gone.  I still have some lighter brown spots  I waited 55 minutes in the outer office to have a 5 minute examination. Wonder how much they charged my insurance for that?" "Thank you to the amazing staff at Phoenix Skin for taking such amazing care of my Dad. My Dad had questionable moles and was referred to Phoenix Skin by his Primary Physician. Dr. Laris and his staff were professional yet comforting. Dr. Laris took his time with the examination. He explained what he was doing every step of the way and then walked us through what the next steps would be. My father  as well as an artistic and cutting edge approach to keeping your skin young and beautiful "I have held out for awhile going to the dermatologist because of some bad experience's in the past. I found this place online and decided to take the risk. I ended up with Dr. Fermento and I couldn't have had a better experience. She listened to all of my questions/concerns and I felt very comfortable. The staff was very polite 1_ksgP_VSwFx0yBUAV3T4A  I recently lost my job and Dr lee did everything she could and helped me accomplish my goals without having to hound in the insurance company! It has been a week since my procedure and you would never known the improfections were there! Thank you soo much! THE results are SO greatt and truly appreciate your help!"  but would like to get rid of some scarring and big pores). Since I'm not getting any cosmetic services like botox or restylane I only see a PA. My PA is Katherine Haworthe and she is amazing. She worked with me to find the right regimen for my sensitive face. I also religiously come every 5 weeks to get a chemical face peel to help minimize my acne scarring and huge pores. Haworthe takes the time to answer questions I have and is always on time when I come in. I recently got my moles checked and she did a great job recording and taking pictures of every mole I have to monitor it. The office staff is great and it is really easy to make an appointment in person or over the phone. Will be a customer here for years to come :)" "I was referred to this office by my general doctor to have a cyst removed on my arm. After THREE visits  Ultherapy (amazing results) and recently filler.  I was very reluctant and nervous to have filler but he was conservative and skillful.  I am thrilled with the results.  Between the Ultherapy and filler I feel like 7 years have come off.  I highly  surgical coordinator  in phoenix skin care. I tried to schedule an appointment with her but when ever I tried to call her all the time it went to voicemail and even called the help desk to schedule an appointment with her but of no help.  I went to phoenix skin after lot of research and good reviews but of no use. If they won't care about their patients why would I recommend phoenix skin care please avoid Phoenix skin care."  explained to me the face wash and moisturizers that I should be using... And I can not believe the difference.  I was over washing my face and using too many products drying out my skin causing more breakouts.  The extra 5 minutes he spent with me going over the basics made a world of difference in my skin.... The staff here is always great as well!!  I only get one face don't go here for tattoo removal because their technician knows not what she does. :( :(" I've been going here for treatments for the past four years. Appointments are always on time! "I received thorough a consultation on the available options for my melasma.  I am so happy to have found a decent dermatologist office after a horrendous experience elsewhere .  I went from a wicked witch and her ugly henchman to a bit more pleasant office setting. Yay!  One thing that I was turned off by is when they do the chemical peel  the dr. didn't really get into detail of why it's happening and possible treatments (I have melasma on my face). The dr. just sort of prescribed me the medication and sent me on my way "Phoenix skin has been the best place for me. The service is great and I go each month for my laser hair removal on my legs. I have received 6 sessions so far and I have noticed a huge difference. McKenzie is great and so caring! If you need laser hair removal "Been there as an adolescent. Attempted to make an appointment and I wouldn't even go past the receptionists bad attitude problem. When asked a question that you know the client is not going to be happy with When the session was over my skin felt amazing and softer and it looked brighter and clearer.  When we were done she recommended a product to help me with a pigmentation issue and explained how to use it and how to care for my skin afterwards.  I'll definitely be back for more microdermabrasion sessions with McKenzie." The absolute best! First off the staff here are amazing! Blanca walked me through the entire procedure and made me comfortable from day one. Dr. Laris is an artist! I was so impressed with the fact that not one person tried to sell additional services to me and I was given realistic expectations. I was told the mini lift would send me back 7-10 years but it turned out to be at least 10 years! Thank you Dr. Laris! I can not even begin to express my gratitude!  I was expecting a long wait and a long process but nope not what happened here. I checked in for my appointment got seen right away  and was very talented in removing a mystery lesion. Her MA Candice was also the best performance I've ever seen from an MA. There was no sales pitch at any time Front office is very unprofessional and rude. This definitely reflects on the work they do since they don't treat their patients with respect... They charge for negative tattoo space so it's double the price. Aka they are charging for non existing ink in a tattoo area. Delete tattoo has picosure laser and prices are half the price and they don't charge for negative space. Called to see if they stopped charging this way and they told me no they still are charging for negative space. Makes NO sense. Just trying to get more money.  I recommend Phoenix Skin to all of my friends and family. My mother had skin cancer removed from her lip by Dr. Laris and countless friends of mine (including my husband) have been getting their once-thought-it-was-the-best-idea-ever tattoo removal done by Caitlin and their state-of-the-art PicoSure laser. I would highly recommend this practice to you and your loved ones  friendly and professional staff.  They put out enough sunblock to coat / protect your face after a peel.  Very pleasant experience :) thank you Phoenix Skin!" Really great place for professional skin care. I am so impressed with the entire team and process here. I initially liked Phoenix Skin and was planning on doing additional services after my PicoSure treatments were done. Now I am steering clear because of the lack of proper care I've received as a result of this practice."  I seem to have aged exponentially. Probably from having two beautiful children that siphon my life force. Current estimates predict that I will look like a more weathered version of Death Wish franchise actor Charles Bronson within 18-24 months. But for some reason Dr. Laris and MIke are somehow unaffected by the normal aging process. There are two plausible explanations for this. A) They are a member of some tribe of vampire/lycanthrope hybrids that leapfrog through time and remain young "Dr. Laris and all at Phoenix Skin are most professional and uber - caring. I am a 63 year old man who thought he needed a full face lift. After a consultation "If you are ok with Never actually seeing the doctor and having almost all the procedures done by very nice young Physician Assistants then this is your place. If your concerns are cosmetics maybe this place is good but I went for mole checks and basal cell carcinoma removal and it was done by a PA and the results were awful. Infection  with a vengeance. I wasn't expecting to have to ever go through this again. At least not with the same one? I called for a consultation. I was told that I had to have a Dr.'s referral before I could book an appointment. I just get the very distinct feeling that I am being put-off by an aloof I will not return to this office nor would I ever recommend someone to visit this office" "I went to see Dr. Laris today for Restylane eye filler and I must say I'm extremely satisfied with the results. I noticed a huge difference right after treatment. Blanca was amazing I had a neck lift and a Y Lift at Phoenix Skin by Dr. Laris.  I am very pleased with the results and impressed by the facility and his very competent staff.  They listened carefully to what I was looking for and got it exactly right!  I highly recommend Dr. Laris and his surgical team. (Including Blanca and Denise) "Extremely disappointed with the results of my mini face lift and brow lift. It has been a little over a year and initially I was fairly happy. But now you can't even tell I had anything done. My neck is awful I have had nothing but the best experiences with Phoenix Skin! I had my lips enhanced with Dr. Laris using Juvederm. The results are very very natural and beautiful! Dr. Laris is very skilled at his work and is so gentle during the procedure you can barely feel anything! I've only seen the PA Tana F. I'm not going back. They charged hundreds of dollars to spray a mole but did not inform me how expensive it would be to do it. Stephanie in Billing is quite hard-nosed. Also Tana said a lump in my armpit was in the skin layer when clearly it isn't . It's not worth it to go to this place. There are other reputable dermatologists in Central Phoenix.  again she reassured me that the way it looked was normal and that the healing process could take a long time.  So I walked out off the office to which my husband was in the waiting room and looked super complexed that I was only back there for no longer than 1 min.  I went home and continued to care for it with the cream they gave me and another month went by and the symptoms were still the same so I called the office again and explained my situation. The girl on the phone was really nice to me and told me to come back in and this time they would make sure a physician looked at it.  So I went in the following day and the physician barely had to look at my scar and said ""yep that's a keloid and the area is definitely irritated and not healing correctly"" I was appalled and told her my whole background story and she barely had any sympathy.  I specifically came in and asked if this thing looked right and the first girl (really wish I remembered her name) said ""no it looks great"".  I'm so mad it's not fair to me  I would NEVER trust anyone else to touch my skin besides Dr. Laris and his team. Denise and Blanca are wonderful as they've been with Dr. Laris and Phoenix Skin for as long as I can remember. Dr. Laris truly is an artist when it comes to the face. For those of you searching for an amazing Doc for skin care needs and cosmetic procedures So glad I found Phoenix Sun and Ha Pham!" "I came in last year to schedule an otoplasty. I had to schedule it months in advance and had it done in August 2015. After the surgery I was unhappy and told them that. They were very kind to redo the surgery in December This morning I drove my wife there and waited while she had her appointment. The receptionists treated me poorly. When my wife came out Thank you for wasting my time today Dr. Chasby." His office and surgical staff compliment Dr Sacks professional practice." "Do your homework people - Dr. Chasby Sacks is NOT a Board Certified Plastic Surgeon.  ""Board Certified Cosmetic Surgeon"" - there is no such specialty as far as the American Medical Board is concerned. So beware. American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery is a body that is NOT recognized by the ABMS. There are many wonderful BC Plastic surgeons in this town - spend the extra few bucks and go to one of them.  If there is a complication or a further ""tweak"" is needed Everything from start to finish was great. I love his method and experience. He gave me good input and advice about getting my breast enlarged. I am very happy with my results. Dr. Sacks and staff were very professional and caring through the whole process. I would definitely recommend him to any of my friends." Please spend the extra money on an actual plastic surgeon. Sacs will damage your body and not give it a second thought." S6xbqP4m7s5zgxX8souN4w "I had gone to see Dr. Sacks for larger implants in 1998 and then he redid them in 2010.  He is the best boob guy out there and I've seen some of my friend's after surgery.  I haven't used him for anything else What a great Plastic Surgeon!!!!  Dr Meger and his staff are the best!!! Family like atmosphere!!! I wouldn't go anywhere else "I absolutely loved everything about my experience with Dr. Meger. I was very nervous about my surgery and he answered every last question I had- he even let me come in for a second consultation so I felt comfortable. His staff is super professional and friendly- Jovita is amazing! Not only is the care top notch but I felt his prices were very reasonable  Dr. Meger and his amazing staff provided me with the best care possible! If you are looking for the best you should call them now!! Prepare to have amazing results  I think this practice has a knowledgeable staff and I really felt at ease and that I was in good hands. I am very pleased with my experience and plan to use them in the future if I need another procedure."  Dr. Meger and the staff are very professional and they treat you with personal care and service.  The procedure was quick and my healing only lasted a few days I highly recommend Dr. Meger and his staff to take amazing care of your needs." "He has now done both of breast augmentations surgeries.  I have traveled to him from out of state for both.  His contour and breast shape is hands down top of the line.  They are supportive and answer all questions  but I felt the need to write my first online review due to this negative experience."  I felt loved and well taken care of. Dr Meger was so thorough and the outcome has been excellent. (I had 15 yr old implants changed.) I have already recommended Dr Meger to a few friends. One of whom had a procedure and was also ecstatic. If you're on this site looking to make the right decision on a surgeon  he would not respond to my letters or phone calls. He wouldn't even do the right thing! Maybe he just needs to stick with breasts! Don't let him touch your face!!! Even if he's received one good review Everytime I go to Dr Meger's office I feel like I am among my friends. It's hard to tell someone your insecure and then what you need help with. This is a group of people that are 100% professional all while being your best friend! I highly recommend that you set up a consult and you will be impressed like I was. Great staff and Dr. Merger does excellent work. So happy with my results and I felt comfortable the whole time. My wife is absolutely tickled pink and while I have always thought her beautiful Absolutely amazing! From the moment I walked into the door for my consultation to my post op appointments they have been awesome! My mommy makeover results are fabulous and I'm only a few weeks post op. I am constantly getting compliments on how good I look already and Minot even close to being completely healed yet! highly recommend them to everyone!  professionalism and  amazing customer service. I have finally made my decision and will have Dr. Meger do my Mommy Makeover. I'm scheduled to have my procedure done in July 2016 and I can't wait." Dr. Meger does a great job with whatever you might need. He and his staff are very friendly and take great care of each patient. I will update my post after my surgery." "Dr. Meger was recommended by a friend and I'm so glad she did!   I am impressed and LOVE the results from my surgery on 5/31.  Everyone in the office is professional and caring. After my procedure I saw Dr Lykin and thought he was very professional. He'll take the extra time needed to answer any questions and he's very friendly. He took the time to checkup on me at the hospital the day after the surgery. The scar after my surgery was very small and other medical professionals have commented on how good it looks. The office does offer forms on their website that you can fill out prior to your visit which is great way to save time. The biggest surprise was the refund I received because I was overcharged for my surgery. The office probably could have kept the amount which was over $100 and I wouldn't have known. So I think their name is fitting.  suppose to have surgery in two days and I canceled both!   The office insisted that I had to pay before the surgery (to the tune of $35)...but they hadn't billed for the kids last appointment.  If they had we would be at our deductible and owe NOTHING!  The lady argued with me about it...I was so upset Complete rip off. They should be ashamed It's too soon to tell how successful this will be in addressing the chronic issues I've been having but all in all  only their wallets.  Take your business and hard earned cash somewhere else.  I know I will." Office staff sucks! The pdf online was not even fillable and the lady behind the desk tried to argue with me about it. They want you to come in every time just so that they can get paid by the insurance company and the rip-off copay of $40. to be in and out in 5 minutes. Also they had the nerve to invite a student doctor without asking me in advance. Stay away from this place.  my son was a good candidate and that I could order the $200+ treatment for 3 months (not covered by insurance) and pay with my credit card over the phone. I did call back (at least twice) to order the treatment and was told I would get another call to pick-up the treatment. My credit card was promptly charged e0B-vLvKxGiGV_pTT7vwcg  I thought Dr. Bailey was good based on my brief encounter with him (which is why I'm willing to give this place a 2nd star). However  the pain in my throat is far worse than the painful tonsillitis I suffered from prior to the surgery.  When I went back and told the doctor about my pain  they asked me to arrive 15 minutes early. I did. It is now 54 minutes past my appointment time and still waiting to be seen. Hopefully He was highly recommended by my doctor but too much hassle and too far for me to drive."  I made 2 phone calls to the office manager and she has yet to return the phone calls. I suppose they are only at their jobs to collect their paychecks as they run the Doctors business with potential patients into the ground. I would not recommend going to this office only because of the lazy office staff. I feel sorry for the doctors that will and have lost patients due to the carelessness of employees." SO MANY MISTAKES!!!  Stay away from this place and it's doctors!  Don't risk your health and well being! I was referred to Dr. Lykins by my dentist for a parotidectomy.  I had seen another Doctor prior and wanted to get a second opinion.  I appreciated the professionalism; the time taken to explain the surgery to me and the follow through after the surgery.  The only negative was the difficulty scheduling an appointment.  I had some concerns about a week and a half after surgery.  I felt like I needed to come into the office or at least have Dr. Lykins call.  I started calling at 8am on a Friday and called 3 more times that day.  No return call until 5pm that night.  I was told I would need to come in Monday at 8am or it would be another week before I could get an appointment.  I ended up going to the Monday appointment but worried the whole weekend.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Lykins! I've tried other ENT's only to be disappointed and see no results for my issue. Within 15 min of visiting with Dr. Lykins I felt I was in the right spot. He diagnosed my symptoms and had a plan by the second visit. I highly recommend Dr. Lykins. I went to several ENT's without relief before trying this one. I was diagnosed and provided options by my second visit. I no longer have the breathing problems I once had. On a side note I never had any issues with the staff.  the staff is not friendly and or attentive. The lack of customer service and willingness to work with you is what will prevent me from returning. They sent my statements to the incorrect address after I requested the address to be updated and never once called or emailed me regarding my bill simply decided to send it to collections." Bottom line;  if you need to see an ENT specialist and want to see a doctor that will actually listen and pay attention to you explaining your symptoms who is very kind and caring Extremely dissapointed doesn't begin to describe my feelings at this point." "Entergrety is a great place and the doctors there are always incredible. They are very hands on and they are always in contact with the patient to make sure that they are always understanding. The office staff has also gotten much better. Trisha on fancy furnishings and decor"  five months later I get an infection and find out I have very large stones in my salivary glands. I am so upset I have been living like this even though it could have been resolved months ago when I went to see him for this very issue. It was a waste of time and money and I would never recommend Dr. Dyer to anyone." Doctors gave a total bs diagnosis so they could basically charge a super expensive surgery. DO NOT USE THIS PLACE an appointment and was seen immediately with respect and not made to feel like an imposition. The results were even better than promised 