I have never been so impressed with the promptness and professionalism in any office that I have ever been in for any reason.  I was greeted with a smile and ushered in as soon as I walked through the door for both visits.  They made me very comfortable in what is ordinarily an uncomfortable situation.  I highly recommend Dr. Martik's office. "Dr. Martik and his staff provide excellent service in an efficient manner.  They were very respectful of my time when I recently had two cavities filled.  Dr. Martik's attention to detail is outstanding.  Both of my young children are seen at this office and the staff is fun and engaging. My kids actually enjoy going to the dentist! If you are looking for an honest The dentist personally welcomed me to the office and thanked me for choosing them. They are excellent and I would recommend to anyone living in the South Hills area to give this dentist a try." Awesome staff!  Everyone was so kind and extremely caring to my young daughter when she needed a procedure.  Dr. Martik was phenomenal!  His knowledge and attention to detail were outstanding!!  My daughter was put to ease by everyone in the office!  What a great place!!!  and I totally recommend this office to anyone in the area who's looking for a new dentist." "Gurtner dental rocks! My family has been going there for 18 years we were probably their first clients. I'm happy to report both of my children still belong to the no cavity club! And they are 22 and 25 years old! The office staff is professional and the doctors are terrific and we feel like we're in good hands they are almost like family. My brother sees them  but this office deserves recognition. Everyone in the office is kind  and he's handsome to boot (think a young Billy Dee Williams).  Both he and his staff are caring "Dr. Stout is an incredible dentist. He and the staff are extremely personable and take such great care of you! Everyone on staff knows you by name and take a genuine interest in your life. I have had nothing but great experiences there- painless procedures  Dr. Stout has a ""bedside manner"" that makes even the most anxious patient feel comfortable. I can say without a doubt that you will not find a better dental care team in Charlotte." "Dr. Stout and his staff are amazing. If you are looking for personal  which means a lot when you're in pain and you just want someone to take care of you. His staff was also very kind and comforting. And after all the horror stories I had read about wisdom tooth extraction  just in case she had a reaction to the anesthesia or had problems breathing.  The pre-op and post-op care was was very good and thankfully there were no problems during the procedure.  The swelling afterwards was pretty minimal considering... and she had no bruising and no other issues.  We both felt that Dr M and his staff were very professional I'm not going to pretend that having tongue surgery was ""fun"" but under the circumstances I could have not expected better.  Thanks" Bottom line: I can't recommend this guy enough. I don't want to be put in a position where I need oral surgery again  even if the teeth are healthy.  You can relive getting lectured by your parents as they talk about the finer points of proper brushing from your vulnerable position strapped in a chair.  Few survive getting a filling but it is rumored that the experience is as pleasant as hearing fingernails on a chalkboard.  They are very talented in manhandling delicate gum tissue and patients are guaranteed a sore mouth for the rest of the day.  Customer service is second to none.  The office has evening appointments and if you are fortunate to schedule one you will be offered a once in a life time opportunity to come in earlier.  However if you are not able to get off of work and have to decline coming in early do not be surprised to get a call back from the receptionist informing you that your evening appointment is canceled because something unexpected has come up.  They like to provide service the old fashioned way so do not expect any state of the art technology.  Yes this place is highly recommended  for those looking for crap dentistry." I had a very pleasant experience at this dental office.  Front office staff was friendly and helped me figure out my new insurance.  Had one filling done and it wasn't bad at all!  lady...it's life. I'm going to live it.  Relax a little."  and knowledgeable.  There's a reason DCD was voted one of the best workplaces in Madison several times - the staff is so helpful and nice.  I highly highly recommend them for any time you need a dentist!" So the next day on 3/24/16 I visited oak park dental. My hygenist there was very gental and understanding. She reassured me that plaque and tartar build up is very common and nothing to be ashamed of or grossed out about. The best part was when she told me that my entire mouth did not require a deep cleaning.  The dentist concurred. She also told me that I could get a regular cleaning only if thats what I wanted  the process took a long time and wasn't exactly pleasant... but I'm fully aware that this was my own doing.  I was incredibly impressed at how meticulous the hygienist was  rest and take care of yourself and come back in a week so we can do some work on that tooth. AMAZING attitude and so professional yet personable. I will be referring Dr. Davis for sure! Thank You Dr. Davis and staff!" I rarely give anyone a perfect score because I always think there is room for improvement but I have to admit that Dr Davis's office is near perfect.  I just moved here from out of state and was nervous about finding a new dentist since I've had a lot of past dental work.  Their staff is very nice and professional.  Ann the hygienist was super nice and very good.  Overall a very good experience. Normally with any doctor or dentist I find it rare that I trust someone as much as I did with Dr. Davis and his staff. They are very professional and ensure that you are comfortable with any procedure. They take blood pressure prior to procedures with anesthesia and truly care about the patient as a whole. I felt like the treatment provided was actually necessary and not just for monetary benefits. They are very conservative with treatment and instead of telling me that I needed a filling right away Dr. Davis is watching an area of concern in hopes that it will not get worse. The hygienists they have on staff are so personable and nice with a gentle touch. I love getting my teeth cleaned in this office and always look forward to my visits at this office. The drive downtown from my house in Waddell is well worth it for the services that are provided at this office. I recommend this office to everyone.  but not this place.  They are very detailed and explain everything to you.  I always get right in and out.  I had to get 2 fillings and I was out in under 30 minutes!  Highly recommended!" Overall I was very impressed and would highly recommend." "The staff and Dr are very friendly. The office is very comfortable and inviting. They explain the procedure  flexible availability and conscientious and caring regarding any problems or concerns.  Highly recommended!" "My dentist is Dr. Michael Lebowitz and my dental hygienist is Debbie Ziton-West. I highly recommend them to all my friends and family for their excellent training  and Dr. Lebowitz is terrific. They always explain what they are doing and why. Comfortable office and uber-friendly staff. Always on-time. I recommend them to everyone I know (and to anyone I don't)." I have been going to Dr. Peoples for just over a year now. My prior dentist of 20+ years retired and sold his practice to Lebowitz Dental Associates. Needless to say I had high expectations and I couldn't be happier with the level of care and customer service I am receiving. I highly recommend this dental practice and look forward to the next 20+ years. Outstanding Dental Practice!!!  They go above and beyond and have amazing staff!   I actually look forward to going to the dentist!!! I can't think of anything that is a greater testimony to the quality of this dental practice." And as soon as I get insurance again  friendly and always willing to answer questions.  The rest of the staff is also fantastic.  I highly recommend this office.  You will never need another dentist."  I would expect a small wait for any medical appointment and admittingly I was  impressed by the letter I received in the mail prior to coming in reinforcing that first impressions mean everything to them.  I was so disappointed and frustrated by the lack of timely customer service  compassionate and brilliant at what he does. I really cannot say enough about how great he has been to me!" Good job! No pain this is a good dentist my teeth look great. My wife goes here also and  loves this place as well. "An ex-co worker of my husband refer us to this office. My family have been coming to see Dr. Rosen since I moved to AZ 12 years ago. He is truly awesome!!! I have sweet tooth and a thick file with all the problems I had with my teeth. Dr. Rosen is always very patient and he is so skillful - YES!  PAINLESS injections - he will try to cheer me up or say something to distract the 'pain'. ^-^ Once I really had a bad  I am very satisfied. I was always called back within 5 minutes of my appointment time  go and get gouged by these insurance company leeches. I do not recommend it for new patients as they don't even bother to speak with you and instead shove you in a chair and start taking X-rays whilst bilking your insurance company for every penny they can."  even referring you to specialists as needed. The wonderful ladies at the front desk are great at working with you on payments and insurance."  but I don't dread going back (and I'm not worried when it's time  Ruth and Marnie and I absolutely love all of them! The previous review is correct. They all make you feel like part of their family. They aren't in a rush to get you out the door and Sharon and Kathy at the front do great with working out payment plans and scheduling. Wonderful atmosphere at this Dentist!! Very clean  shut my eyes and nearly dozed off through it. Later in the week I came back for a deep cleaning and I had the same experience. I cannot say enough good things about Ginger and her staff. I will be a patient here for a very long time!" I have been going to Dr price for about 3 years now and they have been wonderful.  The front desk ladies see very efficient and nice.  Every time I go in they always get me by my name and remind me about the beverages in the reception area.  I have always been seen very promptly and her staff is amazing!  Dr. Price is super friendly and very good.  My regular check ups have always gone smoothly and if I when I have needed anything else it has always been taken care of quickly and professionally.  I love my dentist.  I don't dread going to see her or her staff.  It has always been a good experience.  and they have all the latest technology.  Just don't go in there thinking that insurance will help you out here a lot here I must say that this is the best dentist office that I have ever been to. I purchased a Groupon for Invisiline at almost half of what other offices were charging.  When you walk into the office it is nicely decorated and the staff is friendly.They also have coffee and water in the waiting area and a toothbrush with toothpaste just in case you forgot to brush your teeth before you came in. Definitely recommend!  making sure that the patient is comfortable and aware of the treatment upfront.  This carries over to her staff.  Kudos to Dr. Price and her staff!!!"  I don't mind paying more for quality but I certainly didn't get what I paid for and now I will have to pay much more to get it fixed. I hope this doesn't happen to ANYONE else. It was the worst dental experience I've ever had and unfortunately it's not over yet." "I've been going to Dr. Price for at least 5 years and you couldn't pay me enough money to go anywhere else. With fabulous staff (admin and tech) AND state of the art equipment Dr. Price offers the best dental experience possible. I LOVE my ""bing"" teeth! They are so pretty "I was interested in getting Invisalign and my search lead me to Dr Price via Groupon. They made the Invisalign process easy and with the Groupon very affordable. I am finally on my way to the perfect smile that I have always wanted. I also started to get me cleanings done here as well. I currently do not have dental insurance so I have to pay out of pocket Dr Price is absolutely the best. I have been seeing her since 2006 and will never go anywhere else.  Dr. Price is the way to go! Thanks guys! Loving my new smile :)"  and don't stop short of perfection. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them for any cosmetic work (and I'm finicky about teeth)! Two thumbs up! I get compliments on my teeth all the time - thank you for helping me get a smile I'm proud of!" Thank you everyone who helped me throughout my treatment. Thank you Dr. Ginger Price for this amazing experience-who can say that about their dentist? Seriously?"  my insurance company will not pay for a replacement.  I have written three formal letters to Dr. Price since September of 2014 requesting a refund on this tooth so that I may have it replaced.  I have received not so much as a phone call from them. When I called last week I was told by the receptionist that this more or less was my fault and should I take formal action against them Thank you Dr. Price and your amazing staff for my perfect smile!"  I will say that Dr. Ginger Price was nice and worked with me when I needed a filing on my front tooth. She was willing to match the price of my other dentist office at $28....when they initially wanted around $350.... But after everything I went through here I am extremely unhappy and would advise others not to go here."  a procedure I had three times throughout my treatment. It's not the most pleasant experience (take the rest of the day off work after)  first set of invislaligners and decided to do the Propel procedure to speed up the process. I opted for nitrous oxide and honestly didn't feel a thing and it was over in an hour tops. My estimated time frame for Invisalign is 15 months and with the Propel hoping for 7.5 or less (fingers crossed). I need to comment that I've been told by another dentist that I was not an Invisalign candidate and with that last dentist visit I had significant pain with any and all procedures. If I had known about Dr. Price and that this process could be so easy and painless  I would have done this much sooner. This was the first time in my entire life I left the dentist pain and stress free and with no anxiety about returning for any further treatment. THANK YOU SO MUCH for all that you do in making each patient feel comfortable and welcomed. Can't wait to see the progress and end result of my Invisalign! I know that whatever the outcome it will be an improvement from where I began!"  I'm now over half way through the process. I have been into the the office multiple times for new aligners and cleanings and still have nothing but wonderful things to say about the staff and the entire process. Invisalign process has worked better than I anticipated and I have had 2 propel procedures with great results! On my last visit I was informed at my next appointment in febuary it will be determined if the process will end 3 weeks later or 6 so I was petty excited to learn I MAY be done 3 weeks early but even if I'm not the process has been painless and worth every penny. I no longer have ANY fear of going to the dentist absolutely no anxiety and hope that anyone else out there anxious  never have to wait long for your appointment. Would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great dentist."  and personable. Dr Ginger Price will follow up with you after every appointment and do her own inspection. She has several rooms for her to do her own procedures too if you need something a little more invasive than cavity drilling. Also (not that this is related to dentistry) her complex is BEAUTIFUL. I've been coming here for 14 years since I was 9." "Wow! I am amazed! I just had my tooth pulled today and my dentist called to check up on me. Who does that? This dentist  gentle and fun. I was in and out with two rear fillings and a filling for a crack in my front tooth in 30 minutes and I was comfortable the whole time. Dr. Adhikari was gentle  and don't push extra products on me. I've referred numerous new-Arizonians to this place." The office of Artist Dental is a top notch office and I would highly recommend it as your dentist office too."  decades. Artistic Dental is staffed by the finest group of professionals I've ever experienced as a patient. Dr. Dougherty is exceptional -- not only procedurally as a dentist but also as a person. He truly cares about his patients -- whether it involves treatment or explaining options and the origin of problems. He possesses that rare combination of being professionally sound and personally competent. The office staff is just as friendly I make the drive from Scottsdale to the biltmore just for this place. I've been loyal to them -- as they came in on a Friday night before I was leaving the country when I had a tooth emergency! Front office manager (Mary) is uber nice!!!  and that I had ""beautiful teeth"".  WOW. I owe a BIG thanks to Dr. Dougherty for these compliments. I highly recommend him and his staff."  insurance won't pay for another as it should last 10 yrs!"  professional and treated my mouth with ease while giving me a great cleaning. I saw Dr. Adhikari. She was great and made me feel like she had my best interest at heart. She took her time with me and made sure I was well informed about my teeth before she finished with me. You will be happy you chose this dental office." "Great dental office and staff! I have referred my entire family here! Even my relatives that are snow birds come in when they are in town! Dr. D and Dr. A are both wonderful dentists! My 8 year old son had four cavities  and painless. I am so happy with the work that was done and so glad I had Dr. Dougherty and another awesome dental assistant there to talk me through everything. FIVE STARS for Artistic Dental! I would (and already have started to) recommend this place to anyone looking for dental work or a regular dental office to get cleanings at." Thefront office staff willingly provides information on the best options for billing and scheduling. This place reminds me of my childhood dentist. Everyone is caring and passionate about their jobs."  quick and will fix what is bothering you. I experienced some pain after an extraction and when I called Y'all are amazing and I look forward to seeing you in 6 months!"  especially if you've let your smile ""slip"" from less-than ideal experiences with other practices." Chipped a front tooth tonight just before leaving on a trip tomorrow AM to San Francisco. Found Dr. Adhikari and she was able to take me at 7:00pm and perfectly fix the problem. Dr. Adhikari and staff are funny and friendly. I have found a new dentist and it's close to where I live! I will now be able to travel without looking like a hillbilly! Thanks Artistic Dental!  is great! She's always friendly and tries to help as much as possible. She's quite the small talker but keeps things interesting! She is knowledgeable and shows good medical judgement. I would highly recommend her to anyone in my family." "I am rewriting this today because it sparked me when I received an email from their office confirming my appointment that is a week away. I doubted this place the first time I went there because it was a small business and their location is not very exciting.  Their office is very nice though  and professional. He will always take a few minutes to chat and see how I am over all. They have now moved over to their new home on Indian School and it is gorgeous! Great space and great location! I appreciate everything they do for me and will continue to take all my teeth needs there :)"  'Gee I can't wait to get drilled in the mouth!'... yeah. No. I even had a little coupon for a whitening kit for my first cleaning and xray visit. Love that. I am all about having whitey whites. After you run out of whitener  his receptionist. Kelly is terrific! They will help you no matter what's wrong. His dental hygienists have always been terrific as well. And the office is easy to get to at 42nd & Indian school. They are easy to work with re: insurance. Go see them yourself!" If you are looking for a new dentist  and that she also noticed that I have been brushing my right side more then my left.  I think her attention to detail is amazing.  Dr. Milana also stop by to see how I was doing.  I Highly recommend coming to Dr. Milana and his staff if you are looking for a new dentist."  she has to be the BEST Dental Hygienist ever!! She knows how anxious I can get with every appointment and always does an amazing job to make me feel comfortable while I'm getting my cleaning. She also has the best choices of music playing when I come in and that is top notch in my book. I would suggest them to anyone Awesome dentist and remarkable team! "Dr. Milano has been my dentist for over 6 years. He's professional  so I can have better health ins where it is more likely to be used. I have always paid cash every 6months to have my teeth cleaned. In July I found the care to be exceptional as well as the front end helper. This time that wasn't the case. Several things to look out for  as your correct it was for Arcadia Modern Dentistry and not your business! So sorry for any problems this has presented for your practice  and I'm left with not only a bitter taste in my mouth but in my wallet due to carelessness.  UNHAPPY." I can't say enough wonderful things about this office!" "Upgrading my previous review rating due to office following through on my insurance claim with an appeal that was approved.  This was only after multiple communications. Also after further reviewing items not covered by insurance  Dr. Milana and the staff at Arcadia Dentistry are top notch!  Cynthia is always so friendly and helpful booking my multiple appointments to balance my schedule and Dr. Milana's availability. Any and all of the dental assistants are fantastic to work with.  And what can I say about the man himself??  Dr. Milana is a blast to work with - taking the time to explain my options and walk me through every step of my multiple procedures.  And  and the overall process--which required a referral to a specialist and multiple additional visits--was not well explained to me in the beginning. Very limited appointment slots was also a problem with this office."  proficient and exceptional doctor "My tooth was badly infected after a visit here. $1  they didn't have record of the verification. The receptionists are ghetto.  It took an hour before my name was called. The tech taking X-rays had to retake several angle multiple times because she couldn't angle the bite guard properly (I just got out of braces so I have a perfectly functional bite). My previous dentist prescribed me a fluoride toothpaste because of white spots on my teeth due to braces (decalcification). The dentist at Western Dental refused to write a prescription for a fluoride toothpaste. Are you kidding me??? Fluoride!!!!??? I won't be going back."  it took him 2 hours even though it was only supposed to take 1 and he NEVER seemed rushed about it. He was patient through everything and was COMPLETLY thorough. I never have felt more at ease with a dentist. I was terrified of the dentist before this. I now would not go ANYWHERE else." As a Corporate Dental company they don't care about you as a patient!  They just want to make as much $$ as they possible can.  I used Western Dental as a quick fix for a cavity I needed filled. I didn't want to waste my PTO time so I went because I could go on a Saturday. They make you sign a contract for all work that they will perform. I needed to come back to have a filling re-filled.  I only paid for what I had done that first day. I ended up having to cancel the next appt. and told them I would reschedule. I then got a bill for the work that had yet to be done along with an additonal fee as a late payment and they said if I did not make this payment they would report this to the credit bureaus!"  painless and efficient extraction with bone graft (I researched this on the internet afterwards; he did exactly what was needed). I was quite pleased and there was no pressure to obligate myself. I'll be discussing the follow up with them when the time comes  I was skeptical because (1) the reviews here are hit and miss ... (2) personal acquaintance experiences and (3) I just prefer to spend at small businesses... but I knew I needed work and I knew I needed a business that (A) met my insurance requirements and (B) would work with my budget for a payment plan. The staff at this office exceeded my expectations!! From the initial greeting  even though the office was open over 2 more hours.  We had several choices for this at 9am but at 2pm on a Saturday they are now very limited and Monday is a loongg time away.  Time we can't recover. The dentist was in over his head and too chicken to have a conversation with me about the circumstances Very disappointed in the oral surgeon there.  Some man prescribed me a salt water gargle and iboprufen for my swollen freaking gums with a 10/10 pain. This was the answer he gave me after the THREE TIMES OF ASKING!!  If I wanted to be told this I could've asked my grandma for goodness sakes! Who let's their patient walk out with some medieval ways of treating pain and discomfort. After 5 long months Western Dental has finally come to the conclusion that despite their lack of competence the are still entitled to my money. I'm not sure if Dr. McGuire or his techs are to blame for my treatment not working. I now have to start my treatment over somewhere else and pay more. These people clearly do not care about their patients which is why they market to lower income households Truly great staff I received my dentures today and truly feel blessed by this team of professionals. I'm in a great deal of pain however have a wonderful new smile.   I had 17 teeth exstracted  and Dr. Rakeesh maneged my pain very well.  The Dental asistant staff  has been awesome.  I unfortaunatly recieved dentures  early in my life  however  they have made this experience  smooth.  The dental asistsnt staff are wonderful caring people  and deserve  good praise for their work.  I currently am dealing with getting used to my dentures however the staff has been wonder in asnwering my questions (there have been a lot) and treating me with respect.  I dont know about any others experience  by mine has been WONDERFUL.  The treatment and dealing with dentures was stressfull  but the client centered care before  the procedure and the constant reashuring that my treatment is going as planned.  The recovery both phsyically and emoitonallty has been ROUGH. However the staff at Western Dental has been wonderful. THANK YOU!! My smile keeps getting better and better just went in for my 2nd adjustment the staff is truly talented and have done a wonderful job of restoring my smile.   They get me me in and make me feel welcome and I leave on time. This place is truly the place to go STAY AWAY FROM WESTERN DENTAL PEOPLE!!!!!! THEY ARE NO GOOD AND SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN!!!!!"  can't never be seen on time. Had an appointment @10:30 and didn't get seen til 12 got out at 1 pm and they can't even apologize. The receptionists are very unprofessional." SeSmcvfWQxj3PKiizxkdQg  nice (even fun) person. Truman was nestled near my feet having a snooze while this happened. He was not in any way disruptive. She told me that she would ask Dr. Zacher. About 15 minutes later Rhonda called back and told me the 'there was not a good fit'  I will miss the friendly staff who treat their clients as if they are a part of the family. Luckily  and chipped his two front teeth in half. My parents called Dr. Zacher and he got out of bed at 2:30 am to meet my brother at the office and do some emergency repair work. That's great service!" I cannot be more grateful. If you want an excellent dentist that has some integrity... just make your appointment. You can thank me later ;-)"  I moved dental insurances. Unfortunately I was no longer choosing an in-network dentist but they had proven they were a one-of-a-kind office. And so here we are: a move to and back from WA When telling them I couldn't afford the work that I knew I needed and that is why I had not seen a dentist for so long. They offered me a payment plan that worked with my budget!"  why the 4 stars? I can't knock how thorough this office is. I just wish they would have told me ahead of time Another big thing is the wait time. Talk about nada. When you're appointment is at 3 p.m. I am just so pleased with the cleaning and service I received.  I will recommend All Smiles Dental to anybody!"  so I don't think its really a kids kinda place. Even more reason for me to go."  I guess I'm just livid that I received a threatening letter in the mail saying that I had been disregarding my bills for months now and would have to pay in full.  IT WAS THE FIRST SUCH BILL I HAD RECEIVED! When I called the office they said they do the ""best they can"" in scheduling appointments so that the insurance covers it but there are over 1100 insurance companies and they are ""not perfect"".  Funny  I just asked her to verify the pricing with the insurance.  She said she would call and then call me later that afternoon.  I've still never received a follow-up from her.  I did however receive an estimate from my insurance in the mail yesterday... and sure enough I was right. She was almost $500 off (not in my favor).  I'm guessing that when she found out she was wrong Thank you Tish! I hope you stay around in the office for awhile." I had the best cleaning I have EVER had here. Your mouth will probably be sore for a day or so but it's worth it."  the billing team great and the experience really relaxing (as relaxing as having your teeth drilled on can be). I had an extensive cavity refilled (previous work done by another dentist). I have had a few cavities filled and I have never been properly numbed. I was completely numb when Dr. Smith started work and felt a slight twing when he started drilling more extensively. He immediately stopped and administered another shot. After that I did not feel a thing. They got be out in time to drive to work. We really like this dentist and recommend him to everyone!" Today was my first visit to All Smiles. Aubrey was fantastic! She told me more about my teeth than anyone ever has and she is fixing them too. I will be back in two weeks so Dr. Smith can repair a bad cavity repair from the past. The support staff was very friendly! I recommend this dental practice to everyone!! Dr. Vo is great -- very friendly and knowledgeable.  His assistant are also great.  honest and truly care about their patients. I highly recommend Saguara Dental."  he is hands down one of the best dentists I've ever been to. All of his assistants are super nice as well. If you need a great dentist definitely give him a call :-)"  informative and light handed dentist. Finally my search is over. Dr. Vo is amazing I defiantly recommend him to anyone looking for a great dentist with fair pricing." Dr Vo is very gentle and talks through the process of what he is working on to make you feel comfortable.  He answered all of my questions and put me at ease-  I've been going to him for about a year now and I am so glad I am.  I would highly recommend his practice! A professional hands down!" Dr Vo is an outstanding dentist. His attention to detail and customer service is amazing. He makes even the scariest situation seem easy. He removed extra dense bone from the roof of my mouth that no other dentist new how to handle. I am so grateful for his expertise and kindness. I have been going to Dr Vu for over 5 years and wouldn't go anywhere else. He has amazing bed side manners and is a perfectionist with his skills. I recommend all my friends to him and they all love him. The staff is always friendly and inviting. And the office is state of the art.  was outstanding and quick.  Dr. Price repaired a front tooth of mine and you would not know it is not my natural tooth.  He did a beautiful job and was very Highly recommend this office."  great dentist! That holds for all in his office staff. Very professional whilst providing usual tips about dental care. I'm the type who asks a lot of questions about the reasons and technology behind their profession. Kudos to Dr Price for establishing such a great practice. Definitely deserves the highest ranking!" Bottom line: Highly Recommended"  I hadnt been to the dentist in an extended amount of time when I finally decided to bite the bullet (no pun intended) and find an expert. Dr. J and his entire staff at Squaw Peak Dental blew me away. From the moment I walked in the door I would highly recommend Dr. J and his fabulous staff to anyone!! Don't be afraid if you haven't been to the dentist in a minute Turns out that we both have great teeth and the other dentist confirmed that not only were the procedures he recommended highly profitable I have been going to Dr. J for years and love him and his team.  As a professional in the healthcare field I appreciate his knowledge and professionalism.  I always get compliments on my teeth and I love to show them off.   KJS I could not give this place a higher recommendation.  Knowledgeable and friendly staff.  The office is gorgeous with great views of the mountains.  and even try to help you with the least expensive approach first. In the case they cannot provide the services you require they will give you an outstanding referral 7aGRXdKyjhAilq3XnzZkiw Life long loyal patient :)"  but make it quick because this office is efficient and punctual! Dr. Ortale is a dentist who goes above and beyond to be sure his patients receive his focused care and attention to their needs. He is extremely thorough and is absolute about providing the best dental care possible.  Whether he is treating me or my small children I can only hope to find as good of a dentist after our next move. I highly recommend this practice!"  always had the answers to all my questions. Always made sure I was comfortable and at ease! I will not hesitate next time Dr Ortale is great with my son who is physically and mentally disabled. He treats him with respect and has won him over. My son does not like to lay back and have water sprayed in his mouth let alone have someone mess with cleaning his teeth. Dr Ortale is patient and reassuring so my son lets him clean his teeth.  Wouldn't go anywhere else. "Absolutely one of the finest dentists in the USA. I have had over 20 root canals and even more crowns and Dr. Moyer is now re-doing most of the this poorly done prior work in my mouth and he is absolutely amazing! He is a skilled dentist and has excellent chairside manner...a true professional. You know you are in good hands when other specialists DoF3v38Mr0hRALRB4akP3w "I have been going to Dr. Moyer now for two years after some very bad experiences with other dentists. I find the other review on Yelp extremely difficult to believe and is probably just someone doing it maliciously. I can promise you that as someone who has had 20 root canals Dr. Moyer and his staff are great! I always leave feeling confident I got the best treatment. North Valley Family Dentistry did pay for ALL of my treatment to have my tooth rectified... as they should have!" I also had a similar experience as I.B but got a second opinion before I let them do anything saving me a lot of pain  but this staff always makes it much easier to go to the dentist. They are all very friendly and professional. Dr. E Bigos  has been my dentist now for six years and she is awesome. They have done my crowns and a root canal and did an excellent job on all occasions. I highly recommend North Valley Family Dentistry and all of their staff."  but I was assured that I would be in good hands. I went in for routine cleaning and realized that lack of upkeep on my part I had a few cavities.  I returned to have them filled and sealed "Dr. Biggos has been my primary dentist for many years.  I have always been impressed with her and the staff at North Valley Family Dentistry.  The office is clean and neat. They have done root canals Had my teeth cleaned today and was very impressed by the work done by Dana! She's the BEST!! Must be that Midwest living!!  she performs miracles and makes you feel completely comfortable the entire time.  I'm so grateful we found her! Go see her!"  she was tapping me on the shoulder telling me we were finished.. I was shocked and so pleased!! I now go to her for preventive check ups instead of waiting until I have no other choice!! Her staff is awesome and just as calm and pleasant.. The office is nice and welcoming.. I have nothing but GREAT things to say about 'the doc' (dr.Erica Bigos) and her staff .. Except  excellent staff!  Everything is explained in detail so I was able to understand what was happening. Dr. Bigos is the best dentist I have found in my 52 years." I would recommend this dentist to people who like to feel relaxed and be taken good care of when going to a dentist." 9SagRmnqSimrjNdFY7RXNQ "Love my Dentist and Hygienist!!!  I started going here in 06. They were my 1st  choice because they were right next to where I worked at that time. So it was easy to go there over my lunch. Now in 07 In the process of making an appointment I hate going to the dentist but this office makes it much easier to go.  They are all so nice  and very kind. 