Update*** I asked about the email coupons to the sales associate. She instructed me to call the number on the receipt to let them know I'm not receiving. She also gave me a 20% off coupon because mine I found online was only for online purchases. Much appreciated!" "Stopped in after leaving a friends house and avoiding going home to do laundry. I love BBW & especially the holiday collection. The employee was very friendly. She gave me her opinions on her favorites and told me about the Buy 3  but I was so impressed by the customer service. The store was buzzing but I was checked on several times. My cashier was just as friendly and also had a lot of product knowledge. I'll definitely return to this location!" If i could give 100 stars i would. Everytime i stop in here the service is phenomenal!  and candles attacked my nostrils. The thing I hate most about Bath and Body Works is that everything seems to smell the same after the first fifteen products are smelled. The people that work at these stores in other malls always seem to genuinely like what they do for a livling So32N7bSbUd1RwhFtI6jTQ  I was in a hurry to pick up a thank you gift. The store didn't open till 10am but the manager saw me waiting and let me in early then customized a gift basket with the different shower gels I needed. Another employee wrapped the items up in a tissue paper and ribbon while the manager cashed me out. I was in and out before the store was even opened. Instead of being stressed out or running late  but their customers patients lives I hope to never have to fill any type of medicine here again!" Worst pharmacy in the history of pharmacies. Plan to wait for atleast 15 minutes on a good day to several days on a bad day. The staff is rude and store is usually very dirty. Had prescriptions with to few a pills and had them filled with the wrong medication.  and things generally go pretty smoothly. A drop off prescription takes anywhere from 15-30 minutes and picking up an already-filled prescription is pretty immediate. I really have no complaints. It's not perfect  has not been tested on any animal. But what about everything before that? And then I just got mad. Very mad. Do they think we are idiots? Some big shot at BBW must believe that their customers are totally mindless  but it's a little overwhelming to walk into one of these places.  I usually just hold my breath  it's less congested and it's nice to casually shop without being in multiple people's way." "This is by far the best Bath and Body works in town. The employees are super friendly and the store is super clean. The new bath and body works at the mall is very hard to navigate  I am definitely returning for a bday gift (maybe some mango butter).  If you want to support African business  but he ordered it for me. I live for their pink sugar fragrance... Makes me smell Like skittles (lol). So give them a try." I'm a repeat customer here"  helpful and patient with customers who need to browse their huge selections of products. Good oils and soaps. I'll be back. Great Spot!"  what can really be said? The staff is super friendly though."  "" I'm not going to let any customer ruin my day"" when I asked for a refund for the products that I didn't receive the coupons for that I should have.  While waiting on the manager  always really nice staff and plenty of great seasonal stuff to pick through. I haven't used the Pharmacy as of yet but it is pretty close to my house so I font see why I wouldn't since they have the drive thru. My only complaint I guess  you would call it is the general area. Can be dicey at night and there seems to be plenty of transient folks hanging out in the parking lot." Walgreens on Albemarle Road has really went down hill even more with managers care more about employees and customers they have no respect they don't answer questions about drugs medication don't bother calling the corporate office they support their bad behavior of store managers talking about liars this company will lie to save an employee and that too is supported by corporate management I've been with this company 20 years time to move on I will not be far of this devilish behavior that's why Sam Club and Walmart is picking up a large quantity of customers better service less expensive drugs . Went shopping here yesterday customer service girl here I believe her name is Shannon was superb checking out not only did my walgreens card save me some money but she also had coupons for what I purchased and she swiped that as well..so I say thank u.... This Walgreen really is conveniently located at the intersection of two of the busiest streets in University area.  This store is 24 hours a day 7 days a week.  This store is getting old and the employees seem as if they are really tired of working at that place but they are nice.  The pharmacy staff are slow always!!!!  This store is not setup like your usual store but they have a lot of what you need.  being open 24 7 is a plus at least."  employee politeness and prescription availability. Went to Walgreens early in the morning (3am) and they where not able to fill a script because of it being written for the same day. Kinda makes being across from a hospital and having a 24hr pharmacy a waste of time. Children get sick in the middle of the night. How are you not going to dispense the medicine? Where not talking controlled substances here! I don't know that I would go back again." There is nothing to set this place apart from Is my point across yet? Very slow service with employees who seem to hate their jobs." This Walgreens is dreadful to go to. The staff are rude and treat you like you're a nuisance. I waited 30 minutes to pick up my medicine and they told me it still was not ready. 1 hour later I came back and waited 45 min again. This medicine was new for me and I had a lot of questions.. When I asked to speak to the pharmacist I was told he was too busy. I switched drug stores immediately after this experience. I highly recommend avoiding this drugstore. "Horrible customer service. On hold for over an hour... then hung up on I called to see if my prescription was ready and see how much it'd cost. After 45 min of holding I just went to the store..just to find out they don't accept Tricare. They move super slow and weren't helpful at all. Talent ? When you are carrying the above listed items all in one basket At times they also have some nice selections when it comes to seasonal items such as Easter  NO MORE day trips to the Middleton Walgreen's!!!" I visit this Walgreens often since I work in the neighborhood. The employees are always very polite and helpful especially the 2 gentlemen and young woman who work the registers during the evening hours.  (I wish I could remember their names).  Get signed up for their rewards program....there are great deals to be had!  but it is easy enough to punch in your phone number while checking out. I don't bother trying to use the actual rewards card. Having the ""Walgreen's"" off brand items definitely helps you save a little money."  as a technician. I have a pretty good idea of what the job entails."  I still need my drugs!  Glorious drugs!  So instead I sit in the drive thru for 30 minutes with all the other people who need scripts but don't want to chance going inside." The people working there are very cool and they help y a lot!"  saying I took my old one there. I don't think I will sell my integrity for a 20 bucks ink. Ridiculous mean!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Staff was friendly and they had what we needed." the birthday cake eminems were on sale but they were disappointing at best "I'm basically an upbeat positive person...but some days I'm not my normal corky self. I arrived at Perry Monge flumoxed and in a bad mood--a special event meant that all nearby lots cost $12 for parking. Spending $12 for parking is spendy for a day in San Francisco...but in Phoenix for an hour? Please. I mentioned this to the poised woman at the check-in desk who said that next time I should park in the lot at their building where they validated parking. She then brough out a yummy iced tea for me to sip while filling out the new client form. I went to the bathroom The  massage before the shampoo is standard and more than once I've fallen asleep.  Once a couple years ago  and ""trick"" you into buying something you really don't need just to boost their commission sales. Jennifer hasn't the foggiest notion how to properly complete a man's haircut. She neglected to trim the sideburns "I absolutely love Perry Monge Salon!  I have been going there since 2004 and it has never disappointed.  The entire staff is friendly and makes you feel right at home.  Marina is amazing with hair...I only wish she could style my hair every morning!  The extra perks beyond an amazing hair cut are the chair massage before your wash and the hand massage during your cut!  I spend 75% of my time in Dallas and 25% of my time in Phoenix I'm still in love with Aveda and I'm now in love with Perry Monage."  warm) and the people who work there.  Patricia is awesome managing the office and always recognizes my voice when I call.  The facials from Brittany are wonderful and I get constant compliments on my hair.  Well worth the extra dollars for the extra care and expertise!" Excellent Customer Service...Outstanding Hair Cuts...The best in Town! "I love this place! The customer service is second to none. The front desk staff is always friendly and helpful. I have a great hairstylist I highly recommend Marie Luce Og03_vbBCVAFNHXgdflRLw  cut and styled my hair as well as plied me with champagne AND did my makeup.  I am not from Phoenix but if I was I would never go anywher else."  This is not your average salon where you go for just a cut. I got a hand massage and a back massage. The owner Perry is there walking around talking to all the customers. The ladies are all friendly! Even if you don't live close by this salon it is well worth the drive."  I used MariLuz (sp?) as my brow stylist. She really brought out the best in my brows  the stylist lathered on a lot of artificial flattery and tried to pressure me to buy a bunch of unnecessary over-priced random products.  But all that I needed when I left this place was a new pedicure--which I gave to myself with some drugstore polish.  Never ever again will I go here!  Absolutely horrible experience."  the work lasts and your hair leaves healthier than it did before."  and I always feel taken care of. I tend to be picky but vague as to what I want (indecisive maybe!!) but she sees right through that and makes my hair look fabulous  and the iced cappuccino is a must! This really is a gem of a salon Not easy to cut well and they always deliver! Little massage before your haircut is a nice perk!" LOVE this place. I've been going for almost three years... Jen is fabulous. Even after moving to Gilbert over two years ago I refuse to go anywhere else. My only negative comment is the constant upselling of products... but I'll stick with the five stars anyways.  color and lots of extra perks such as a chair massage  my hair was in a hair tie without even saying anything she just reaches and pulls a piece of my long hair from behind my ear -that was tied In the hair tie! (Which was painful) While walking along side me to her chair she reached to grab the hair tie and strip it out of my hair. I couldn't believe it she was being so rude i immediately put my hand up to stop her from doing that. I've never been treated that way at an aveda salon. Because of her rudeness I left and did not do my hair there. The rest of the people at the salon were nice do not get Jessica and had to pay a parking garage fee. What a waste of time!" Absolutely wonderful service. I have been going there for about a year or so and They treat you with the upmost respect and make you feel at home! I would HIGHLY recommend them for anything and everything. Perry is a respectful man while Marilou and I believe her name is Brenda create conversation and just make you feel comfortable. I wouldn't change a single thing if I were them! Props to this amazing place!  LOVE THIS PLACE! All the girls and guy (Perry) are always so welcoming. Jennifer is still a boss at doing my hair just right.. Can't say enough good things about this gem.. Love you guys!"  they listen to you and come up with the best options all the time"  all the changes of hair!! With it their iced cappuccinos make my heart melt! I love the service and many don't know but you can also ask for a mini-facial. Check them out...tell them Charalotte sent you and you will not be disappointed!" Og03_vbBCVAFNHXgdflRLw "I've been going to Perry Monge Salon for about a year now and have never been disappointed. They will exceed your expectations in every sense. Amanda does my hair and nails and I'm convinced she is a magician  and there's a reason I keep coming back! Everyone here is professional and friendly - I'm never afraid when I see someone new. The service is top quality "What can I say about Perry Monge Salon Spa??? The salon is fabulous and its a great experience if you are a first time customer. Everyone is super friendly and down to earth. Alma is the ""real deal"" when it comes to getting that precise haircut and relaxer. She is totally awesome and give you an honest assessment of your hair for services. Very proficient with African American hair!  Definitely check her out!!.... Alma you Rock!!!" "Most helpful and friendly pharmacy staff that I've ever encountered. The drive thru can be slow He refused to override the charge for a prescription that I'd already paid for. He told me if I had a problem I could call 1800-Walgreens. I did just that. I spoke with someone in customer service who said that someone would contact me within 48 hours. I received a call the next day saying that my prescription was ready and the fee was being waived. Jerk." and sometimes they have treats for my dog!"  has most everything you would want/need from a convenience store." "EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE HERE! I've used the pharmacy (drive through at night) and store during the day and both were excellent experiences. By accident I left an item behind in the store after a purchase and the employees And it has all of my girly necessities "I've been filling my scripts here for almost three years and Chris always goes above and beyond to make the process as easy as possible and answer any questions. Sometimes the wait for the drive-thru takes awhile Very friendly staff that is always happy and willing to assist with any needs. Every time I visit as a frequent customer I'm treated with respect and kindness. Run from this place.  I have Walgreens for years. No more. The prescriptions are not filled when promised. They lost one that took me forever to get.  Scary situation. How well are you prescriptions being properly filled if they can't the paper work right.  Horrible place. I want to write this to warn you of the growing homeless population that seems to live outside of this location.  I honestly feel bad for people that are stuck in this situation but begging just makes me feel uncomfortable.  Not a day goes by that I shop here and am pestered with requests for money.  The thing is that I don't really carry cash ever so I feel bad for not having any but also feel violated for being requested to shell out my hard earned cash to someone that is setting up camp outside a drug store and speaking low and incoherently and walking towards you and your car.  Gives me the creeps." "Walgreen's=crap.  This particular location has me convinced to avoid Walgreen's altogether for matters of convenience.  Poor service in the pharmacy is common.  This is strange for a place that was built around the pharmacy business.  Pharmacists here=decent people.  The pharmacy techs=overpaid  but go elsewhere if you want to get anything done in a timely manner." do something about the bums and ill consider coming back to your store" "A fairly decent Walgreens. This location did not carry as many items I have found in others Pharmacy is entirely too slow.   This is a busy place.  Either need faster workers or more of them Got a flu vaccine today and although the pharmacy was very busy I did not have to wait long (15 minutes or so).  Pharmacist administering the shot was very professional and I did not even feel the needle! "Wow... So I ordered 3 photo books spent 2 days customizing them and hit the ""same day pick up"" option. It showed me several stores at which I could pick up and I chose this one. My pick up time was 7:15 pm. I showed up at the pick up time and was told by the gentleman who works the photo department that they were unable to make these because they were out of ink. Why they didn't call me when they received the order I don't know.. But these were Christmas presents and I needed them tonight. I asked them what I could do and they said they were calling around to get the ink from another store. The manager then told me I would need to drive and pick the ink up if I wanted these done tonight as his staff didn't have cars. So i drive just a few miles down the road retrieved the ink and came back. Keep in mind I already asked if they could just transfer my order and they said they couldn't. So as I handed them the ink he told me it was the wrong kind. At this point I'm pissed but all I care about is getting these books. He told me unfortunately there wasn't anything they could do and would refund my money.. Which I didn't want I want the photo books I ordered. Before just giving up and running with my money I called the online customer service number and in 2 minutes she transferred my order to another store. Yes I was retarded for not just doing that myself at the beginning... But I trusted the manager of the store... Whatever you do do not assume if it says your order will be ready that it truly will. My mistake that I won't make again." I would like to give them some credit.. They gave me two free books and a store credit when I went back. At least they made it right. Thank you Alex (store manager) "I think don helped me today in photo. Couldn't possibly be more annoyed. No hello. Had to stand there for 10 minutes just to have him huff and puff over nothing. Terrible customer service Very friendly and courteous employees here." NEVER. Just go to the cosmetics counter. Tell 'em Thomas S. sent ya!"  I may be transferring the family prescriptions to Walgreen's. It's a nice change to deal with people who actually make the extra effort and who seem to care  the 16 year old check out dude will wonder why you're buying it at 1:13 PM on a Wednesday afternoon but do you really feel like you need to hide your pleasure seeking ways from him. Make him jealous." This is the only useful yelp I've ever written! How could only one person find this useful? I don't understand..."  this location attracts a lot of crazies and weirdos - perhaps bc of its proximity to the LR station and Central Ave in general."  and that's just the people that work there. They roll one distrustful eye up towards you (the other obscured by emo fringe) and glare at you for even daring to disturb them. As for the people that shop here My only recommendation would be that Take Care hire a medical tech to assist with checking people  they say they know shes there. She has a shopping cart there with all her stuff. Shes friendly  they have been more efficient with their operations whenever I have come through here." I went there today for my son with only partial info on his Insurance (no card) they took care of everything with no hassles and had it filled quick." I showed up without an appointment and without insurance. An hour later I was seen by the doctor and given 2 prescriptions all for under $150. Thank you Walgreens Take Care Clinic." I am contacting an attorney first thing Monday morning. Good luck Walgreens."  this has happened to me before at the same location BEFORE the remodeling. So they can't blame it on remodeling confusion. They are just dumb." I want to see what happens with the displays when Christmas is no longer dominant before I get too giddy Walgreen's as been a life saver at 3 in the morning on several occasions."  you're a fuckin moron." DD04nMRVg0fBGHCX3uCLwA This Walgreens was in major need of renovation and boy did they hit this one out of the park. Walgreens new company style and service has far exceeded my expectations with this location. I've been here numerous times for numerous reasons and have never been disappointed with selection and customer service. I highly recommend anyone who wants to check out the new revamped Walgreens at this location.  and pertussis) and it was a super fast pleasant experience. I opted for the pharmacist to do it  you might want to try the ER if you're carrying your pinky finger in a cup of ice." Convenience stores sure have come a long way.  I recently went here to pick up some prescriptions and I was blown away with the store.  The lighting was bright so you could see everything.  The aisles were not so tall that you couldn't see over them. There were signs everywhere so it made it easy to find what you were looking for.   The customer service at the pharmacy was top notch. They provided me with an estimated wait time and were spot on. They rang up my additional items right there. Even though they were busy each person received such great attention and smiling from everyone there it was heartening. It is also nice to know that they have a take care clinic available right in the store.  I recommend if unsung it to schedule an appointment online. I think they have a restroom here that you can use if waiting for a script as well. I just heard some folks asking and they let them use it. So that is yet another handy item they give."  those in need of a coupon or savings for their special medications.  A worthy face of the Walgreen empire." Last night 4/4/14 we attempted to make a digital print and were having issues. The young man at photo was very unhelpful and rude.  We ordered our print and went in to pick it up today and we ordered a thumbnail instead of a 4x6.  The young woman today Margold(?) salvaged it and presented us with a beautiful 8x10 in about 5 minutes! Thank you so much for turning what was a bad experience into an awesome experience.  In addition I ended up buying some things I would have purchased elsewhere.  he let out a big sigh as if I was causing him an inconvenience. He asked me why I hasn't filled out paperwork (which were nowhere to be seen) and grabbed the papers I had brought (for the physical). He stared at the papers and  looked at them as if they were written in a foreign language. He let out another sigh. It was at this point that he wanted to start the exam  the prevailing customer service attitude is ""Don't like it? Feel free to take your money elsewhere."" They know all they have to do is outlast their lone remaining bricks-and-mortar competitor.)" Love this place! I have been going here for years (since I'm right across the street) and everyone is always so friendly. Just went in tonight and had excellent customer service (like always) which is why I wanted to write this review. Everyone in there is amazing and friendly. True neighborhood establishment!  I was a fan until I came to fill my dogs prescription here. I dropped it off during a busy time and they said one hour to fill. I come back and they say they didn't fill it because of how much it cost. They wanted to make sure I was ok with the high price. Umm...how about call me or something? Too bad. Still get photos here but no longer fill prescriptions"  and the time before that they called me to tell me it was ready and when I showed up it wasn't ready. I'm sick of waiting here and eating my time for my prescriptions. I am taking my business elsewhere."   like playing cards for my mom or magnets... Can't be beat"  this is best option near me since Quick Pharmacy closed. They make a ton of $ on scripts with my family of 4.  Called ahead and spoke with pharmacy rep on site...asked timing for.a prescription that had been called in by my doc. Pharmacy said 15 min...now still here and its 15 min plus 45 more. Pita."  always ask how I am doing and are chatty while I check out."  I've heard  a lot of positive feed back from my friends."  which is great when you need something late. I've had a number of posters printed here through the photo department and they've always been great about making sure they look exactly as I want (even if that means re-printing). The staff is friendly too. I had a chest cold recently and was unsure what type of medicine to get for it. The pharmacist in the store came out from behind the desk and helped me pick out medicine for it these days want a paycheck but don't want to work for it !!"  but what I do take issue with is this store making me seem like I'm crazy. When a company has a parking lot they are supposed to maintain the care of the lot..not only after someone threatens to file a lawsuit against them do you then decide to remove the tree. That was and negligence on their part. Guess what my vehicle is still damaged from their negligence."  professional and affordable. The aroma of Aveda greets you the second you open the front door. While washing your hair with the yummy Aveda products your bound to get a delicious head massage in the process. Lights out Mary! So relaxing. If you're really nice 1iP6SyuWpm_4E6Mx6zOS9A  and I'm not even sure I know where Peoria even is."  gold and yellows...blends in perfectly with their Aveda Salon concept. My hairdresser is Amina and she's super sweet. She always has a big smile on her face when she sees me Carnes y quesos! Las chicas caliente a Ide Mania rock my chain Maria! Cada time. And now mis novias estan in una salon nueva. Same fabulosa mujeres. But en un building muy pretty with suelos de wood and colores muy soothing. Ole for Ide Mania. Gracias for keeping Tomasito muy guapo and muy feliz! TE AMO IDE MANIA!!!!!  but this was the first time I walked out of a salon and have been totally happy with my hair. Big thank you to Stephen for being so awesome!!" 1iP6SyuWpm_4E6Mx6zOS9A "I love this salon! Gina and Lilly are incredible and if you want a salon that caters to every need  and the color is absolutely perfect!  My eyebrows look amazing!  Next appointment is already booked.  The wonderful thing about this salon is that I can get a mini facial while my hair is processing!  I can't wait to go back!  Thanks so much everyone!" Parking was very difficult and I have no idea if I even parked in the right spot.  Thankfully I wasn't there long though and didn't get a ticket."  one of the girls actually responded to my voicemail and called me back today to schedule an appt. Seriously? Someone actually called back? Major kudos in my book and then they were able to take me in this afternoon/evening which made me very happy. I was almost 15 minutes late to my appt because the address on my gift certificate was their old location so be aware that they are at Central and south of Virginia  a chic and affordable Aveda salon in downtown Phoenix. Hooray! I love this place. The ladies at the front desk are SO warm and inviting - they're the kind of people who would make you forget all about your bad day. I trust Lilly with my waxes - she is friendly and very knowledgeable. I was scared for my first wax and asked her about a million questions "I went in to Ide Mania for the first time the other day just to pick up some Aveda products.  Typically I buy them online because I can't stand the staff at Aveda salons  I will be going back soon for a trim and highlights!"  she is magic with those scissors. The women who work there are all SOOOO sweet and helpful. I am Super picky and have fine curly hair and am always terrified when its time to get a cut because I'm afraid its gonna turn out bad (and gluing my hair back on isn't an option) but I am NEVER disappointed. Thank you Miranda and all the IDE staff! You guys rock!" The best part was that I ended spending less than what I had been spending at Salon Estique.  $135 for a highlight  it lacks the uppity vibe that I expected. The staff is professional and knowledgeable but also welcoming and sincere. Love love love this place!" My mom and brother who go there both have curly hair and Lettie knows exactly what to do and how to make their hair look the way they want.   My 17 year old brother has been able to grow out his curly hair from short to about to a little above the shoulders  but I only just discovered this gem. The entire staff is friendly and welcoming. They are an Aveda salon which I love - great products. It is a very laid back atmosphere. Lettie cut/colored my hair and did a fantastic job. I felt very comfortable with her and my cut is 500 times better than what I had before going to her. Definitely recommend this place! It's not cheap  but the final cut she gave me is stunning! I can't write enough about how much I love it...and her! I strongly recommend Ide Mania! Trust me  or being here a while and your hair stylist is not cutting it... go to Ide Mania...don't waste your time... Plus they use Aveda...yeah."  and gave me a fabulous cut.  She really knows what to do with curly hair!  I only had to put a little product in my hair this morning -- no hair dryer  let me save you the trouble -- COME HERE!!  Ask for Erica!" I look forward to going back in a few months. If you are new in town or just looking for a new place "This place is so perfect! I never had problems with the services. I just sit down and tell them to surprise me every time that I'm there. With all guts  I believe her :) Miranda is a color AND cut expert! She even used texture scissors on my hair--a first for me and I LOVE it! My color is just perfect. I tend to be a one stylist person and I literally stumbled on this salon . . .and I will be back. Thank you Mania!"  I didn't even GET THERE and they were trying to upsell me and get me to buy their shampoo and conditioner OVER THE PHONE while I""m trying to make an appt.  When I didn't understand the woman (she was so focused on selling me on paying an extra $40 so they can show me how to use a shampoo and conditioner they have  I will be back. Love Ide Mania."  and is still rude and lying in her comments.  She invited me in her comment to try another salon.  Wow.  thank you.  I did.  And I LOVED it.  And they let me try the Invati products and helped me with all of that for FREE.  that's right.  What you actually did say is that for more money you will let me try the Invati.  No thanks."  and she was by far the best stylist I've ever had. My hair is pretty deceptive. It appears to be completely normal slightly wavy hair until you start working with it. Then you realize that I have a ton of hair with as many cowlicks as is humanly possible. I also have some of those ""mature blonde hairs"" growing in a little more than they should at my age. Despite all of these challenges PS - Their prices are also great! Better than any other salon I've been to WITH better service and results."  always friendly and fun. I've been going to Susan for a year and a half now. I'm gonna miss her when I move." The price is more expensive than the last place I went (which I loved) but I wanted some place closer to work/home.  I'm really happy I found Ide Mania and Erica.  I highly recommend this salon." I was told to go to this salon by my best friend after I had fried my hair in a depressed state. (Long story)  I slumped in and was immediately set at ease and take care of totally by Erica with a FANTASTIC cut and Gina with some color shampoo.   The damage finally grew out but I still go because Erica or Susan give me such great cuts and Gina gets me in when I need to - fast too!  Lily does great waxing and the place is just urban cool.  It smells good too.  she cut and styled my hair. The second was a dye and highlights! She was fantastic! The customer service was awesome and everywhere I go I truly feel like a part of the Ide mania family and would highly encourage anyone to go there. Tell Lili I said hello!" Just moved into town and received a recommendation to see Ide. She is a super start!! Made some great recommendation about the health of my hair and gave me the best haircut in years!! Super friendly on top of it. Loving this place and am so happy that I found a fantastic new hairdresser so quickly!! Booked a appointment for 3 people to get hair cut and color- were talking over $500 in sales for this business. We show up 10 minutes early and they all of sudden couldn't get us in or care to help us. Worst customer service ever. "A walgreens with no liquor? What am I  has Milky Way Midnights and a good selection of tampons so its not like I am going to stop going here." "I pass by this walgreens on the way home so I stop in frequently. Always able to find what I need. Clean and organized  but by that time I got my photo elsewhere. Save yourself the trouble and just stick to getting snacks  and variety...especially at this location.  Cheaper meds just put them over the top !!!!" Store is clean and organized. Everyone is very nice and helpful. :) Pretty aloof pharmacy staff. They give conflicting information and seem fairly clueless. "This place has everything.  Even the old type double edge razors!  They also have the straight edge ones with disposable blades for $15 and $17.  I paid $79 for the same type of razor in San Francisco at one of those fancy stores that also sells tobacco.  The lady in the store was great too!  Very friendly and helpful. I have to say that she should be a model for shampoo.  I almost asked her for hair dye that would be her color!  Anyway  This place is like hair heaven on earth. Not only is there every sort of hair products but there is nail polish as well as nail instruments and accessories! Not only has this place been amazing but Renee is fabulous. She helped me out down to the color I was looking for and the perfect length and type of extensions for my hair. I truly feel blessed to have come across this place and to have met Renee. I will surely recommend her and this location to all friends and family!"  then style.  I saw a couple colors I liked in their packaging but she didn't want to even take them out so I could see them.  Instead. she showed me the style of the wig in an undesirable color.  I could not have been more annoyed.  If she needed help (although the store wasn't busy)  but the lack of compassion and service from the person helping me was just unacceptable.  There was no compassion and advise from the sales clerk.  I felt I was just an annoyance.  I ended up going to Arizona Wig Boutique in Scottsdale Renee is so nice she makes shopping for beauty products fun I always leave with everything I need to colar my hair and I also leave with a smile she is so funny she makes everyone in the store feel welcome  I give this store a 5 star because of the good times Ive had .  I love to listen and I learn  about all of the products    Renee know's everything about the products and it realy is entertaining to learn and listen to Renee with other customers even if im not buying that particular product she is just a fun kind person and I like to drop in and shop and say hi. The store is very nice really clean and organized with a great selection of product." I get all of my beauty products from this store. the manager is nice to me.  she is very knowledgeable and helpful. My friend and I were not only rushed most stores will go ahead and let you finish shopping and maybe say lock the door but we were rushed to be out of there right at 6 o'clock. We were in such a rush that when I got home I was wondering about the price that I paid looked at my receipt and I was charged twice for something then I call my friend and told her about it she looked at her receipt and was also charged twice. I don't know if this is a way to pocket the money or what was going on but it was funny that both of us were charged twice I really like shopping at this store.   the manager is so helpful.  The other day I was feeling blue and needed a make over.  She helped me pick out new makeup and helped me with hair color.  It was just what I needed. I  left feeling renewed and happy. I was looking for clip-in extensions to add a little length and fullness for my upcoming engagement photos. My hairstylist recommended I go here and I'm very happy I did! The manager color matched me with some great 100% remy human hair extensions that look identical to my hair color. I really appreciated her help as it's really difficult to try and match your own hair color when ordering online or just looking at packages of extensions in the store. She took the time to take a few different extensions out of their packages to hold up against my own hair to make sure we got the right color. They were also very reasonably priced too and can be worn time and time again and styled straight or curled. Very happy I went here instead of trying to pick something out myself that likely wouldn't have matched my hair color! "I went to United Beauty Supply to explore the option of using extensions for my extremely thin hair. Rene helped me choose the right product and spent a great deal of time teaching me how to customize and attach them. She was informative Some drawbacks to this location are not being as clean as Walgreens is known for Pharmacy: They only have 1 person staffing this location. Takes more than 30 minutes to fill a Rx. Very friendly cashiers. I love it when you go somewhere and you can tell employees love their job.  I experienced 2 very pleasant customer service representatives and my cashier was eager to encourage the sale special. Coupons are such a fun bonus!  I prefer CVS and the customer service is precisely why.  I just was hassled and told I was unable to my returns as it was too many in one day.  After a total of $18 in returns the manager  I wait a couple of hours for a prescription to be filled.  They are as slow as molasses at this location and I don't understand it.  I use the one on 7th st and McDowell and never run into this.  I keep on forgetting that my kids home pharmacy is this one and I need to change that quickly.  I definitely will be using the another walgreens or CVS." Seemed good enough.  A bit messy as kids had been in toy aisle and left toys strewn about on the floor.  Had to wait for clerk to get $7 headphones out from locked display. My generic aloe Vera cost more than that. Guess headphones voted  most likely to be stolen.  and just gave her a few basic guidelines.  My cut turned out amazing!  I now have this punky choppy awesome cut I love Ulta for my hair products. I hate Ulta for suckering me in to buying too much stuff ! I already prebooked another appt with Kristina I suppose I recommend this for someone who is visiting to purchase hair products  no matter how big the line.  The rest of the staff is coagulated by this counter in between the make-up and hair salon.  I have no idea what purpose that counter serves because they're all clustered around it "I really like this store and have been going here for as long as they have been open. 18 or 19 years. It is always exciting to be rewarded for the products you buy. The more you spend the better prizes they have. They really have a very  good reward program. I love the gifts they give with the fragrance purchases @ different times of the year. They put out great coupons all the time which always helps with a purchase. I have tired the salon a few times in the past but  I do appreciate being acknowledged and I am even more a fan of having my questions answered in the event that I do need some assistance. This is not the case at this location. The salesgirls seem unfriendly and completely uninterested in helping/recommending/selling. I honestly wonder if being as unhelpful as possible is part of their job description. If it is BHFBi9eEQqzh8QaUYyngjQ I ordered a couple things from Ulta.com and had them delivered home over the holidays...may have to start doing that more often."  I followed her. I have been a loyal client for over 5 years because she is really good at what she does! If you're a first time customer there are usually coupons in the Ulta fliers." "It is like the normal Ulta store.  The parking kind of sucks.  I did find everything I was looking for but the check out line is narrow and if there are more than 4 people then you are lined up against product and blocking other customers.  The employees are so involved in their own conversions Another thing that isn't the greatest here is the parking. The whole lot facing Camelback Road is a total cluster. I started parking on the other side I know cosmetics and I know customer service.  Both have seen better days." "I didn't get ANY service at the Indian Bend store. And I do have to complain that in the past the totally fake ""Welcome to Ulta!"" got on my nerves. Wasn't comfortable in Tempe Marketplace store either. Made a trip to the Camelback store. Only waited a minute for ROCHELLE to help me. Awesome! Personable The stuff is overpriced. You can get the drugstore brands of makeup for way cheaper anywhere else. The coupon thing is a joke. The points are a waste. Spend hundreds of dollars for a free hair brush?! Are you kidding?!"  unfortunately I wasn't familiar with most of them so I can't judge how their pricing runs. I don't know if the fancy French stuff I purchased is truly high quality or just fancy." "Needed help since I never wear make up but want to look nice for a special event.  Nivre walked my through everything I needed  are great with their knowledge and are more than helpful in getting in what you need.  I had a reward points thing and I kept going back to the same lady three times in one visit.  She was very nice and helped me find what I was looking for."  I hope not to have to for awhile.  Lesson learned: do not put a toiletry bag with everything you own in your suitcase and check it through with your checked baggage Needless to say I'll be taking my money to another store. Probably the last time I'll shop  here." "Terrible service by the sales staff on the floor of the store. I was in a discussion over a item that I was buying for my wife and the sales person allowed a young lady with no apparent manners to interrupt and ask a question that went on to a conversation as if I was no longer there. I could  allow a quick question We'll it's close to my house and all and they do have products but it is the worst in customer service I think I just might start going to sephora down the road but I been here plenty of times and the ladies don't bother asking if you need help or anything . I walked around the store for a good 45 min the store is a bit unorganized --they seem to only help out older ladies 50s and higher but most of them will just be chatting with other employees . They need to do their job and work other than that it's in a great location .  the parking here sucks.  Protip: I suggest you park over by Fry's on the other side of the block.  Otherwise use the Ulta in Chandler for better parking."  I didn't know I could look so good. They didn't just put on the make up but explained to me how and why they did everything. I walked out of that Ulta a new woman feeling beautiful and everyone at my graduation was so surprised how good I looked. I am forever grateful and it was even expensive :)"   the shampoo and conditioner work perfect for the desert climate here.  They have a number of colognes for men also bit you can find better pricing else where.  They also have a rewards program based on spending.  Store is clean."  they called to say they double booked and I would have to come in earlier or way later. I understand things happen   price is eh just depends on what you're buying.  I get great customer service and that is super important to me." Finally I decided to wait by the counter in the middle because it seemed like the most likely place to be clear that I was not just browsing. During my wait there though The only reason I'm giving this 3 stars is because Rose is great! My brows always look amazing when she's done with them and she's super easy to talk to! I also leave without zero irritation which is important because my skin is SUPER sensitive. If I was only reviewing Rose this would be a 5 star rating. Maybe she should give the other employees lessons on how to wax!"  the shelves were full of gross samples swabs and wipes. There's no excuse for finding a used cotton ball full of foundation next to a bunch of lip balm. It was gross. I don't know if they forgot to clean up the night before... or the whole week before... but I was not impressed. It's not their fault the shoppers don't know how to use trash cans Went back one week later. Still filthy. Only one cashier handling a long line of people waiting to check out. Get it together Ulta. I'd rather drive to Sephora to get my overpriced shampoo. I just wish some people were more aware or what they were doing especially in a professional setting"  I've written this whole review while waiting in line. Again. I wonder how much cumulative time I've spent waiting in line at the Camelback Ulta? These are the thoughts I entertain myself with." "Would give -0 if allowed. BENITA in the hair salon is the worst at her job. Botched my daughters hair. Was to be hombre styles literally looked as if she put a hat on her colored it in the dark with two left hands. Horrible job. Will never return. Highly unlikely she even has her cosmetology license. Will be checking on that. Won't be compensated. However they offered to ""fix"" it at a later date. WTF. If she couldn't get it right the first time she won't get it right the second time. NOT HAPPY. stay away from this place." There is one makeup artist who is African American who only caters to African American clients  using color or bleach since my hair is dark dark brown and never had a problem. It took her a little over two hours to apply the color to my hair. That sounds like an embellishment but sadly I am rounding down. After what seemed like an eternity I was led to the back so I could sit in the chair with the heat lamps. She had someone else come in while I was in the chair and I wasn't rinsed until she had finished with the other client. Then I got a blowout if you can even call it that "I always shop at ulta and love to go down every isle making sure I don't miss anything. I rarely come to this location and I probably won't return. One associate followed me around the whole store every time turned a corner I saw her lurking and watching me I'm happy that I went to Ulta and met Jinny.  I'll go back to see her again~ next time for a cut.  I'm thrilled that Jinny did what Primp & Blow could not  oblivious to someone needing help.  I went in search of someone else and found a very sweet woman who worked in Clarisonic.  She said she would try and help me.  She went to the front desk and asked if there was back stock for the eyeliner.  The person there told her to check a drawer on the back wall.  Half of the drawers were not labelled.  She looked in several but couldn't find any Urban Decay products at all.  The one cosmetics employee stocking the shelves asked her what she was looking for but then turned away and offered no help.  There was another blonde cosmetics employee wandering around trying to find customers to try out samples on.  She did not offer her help either.  The original employee who was trying hard to help me  as well as a nice makeup reapplication after the skincare product consultation. It was all free as well (spent a lot of bucks on two products she used). Too bad there wasn't a sink cause she had to keep spraying water on a Kleenex when I could wash it off at a sink myself lol. Kudos to this kind of service!"  especially for the quality of service. The hairdressers are nice and friendly. They're skills seem to be a little outdated or sub par. One quoted a dry haircut for my daughter at $90!!! Seriously?!? We cancelled the appointment. I guess they set their own prices. We love the Ulta brand makeup and the prices are very reasonable."  they are constantly out of stock! Always the same products. (Who is ordering for them??) I may just start going to Sephora and paying more."  but don't expect them to go out of their way except the bare minimum."  but its where it is always parted so that's all that matters. She spends 10 minutes tops cutting my hair. I have very thick hair and it is very hard to cut. After she dried my hair I couldn't tell the difference. It was just as dark as before and mentioned this. She became very upset and said its 100x lighter its going to take many sessions. I had her re trim several areas that looked very uneven. And I pointed out that you could still see a line where my roots were. She said well come back next week and for $50 we will just put a bunch more highlights in. Umm no. I just spent $250 for this  however. So if you're used to a location that has one With the media so much glorifying beauty I found it hard that this beauty salon had horrible service" Went today and ended up waiting 15 minutes to get rung up while the (manager? assistant manager?) behind the checkout counter LAUGHED about how their registers weren't working.  Come on  but this relatively young brownhaired woman was like a bad joke. I won't be returning again  but I have been into this location many times and always had excellent help.  The only reason I am give 4 stars instead of 5 is because the store is so tiny and cramped it can be really hard to find anything ""For. Eveeer""(Sandlot voice) :-)"  maybe it wouldn't hurt to call." Well played customer service "Tried to use a BOGO coupon and they ""didn't know how to do it""........ Manager couldn't help either. The girls working there are less than stellar to be there and it shows. I think I have yet to find a decent sally's beauty in phoenix." Perfect for both men and women. You can find hair appliances If you need any beauty supplies but dread going to Sally's most of the time This location has loads of fake hair and tons of dye."  and just stand at the register all awkwardly so I'm not even sure if I can walk up and check out because like I said xkjlpiri9yY2diY9oJVQ3A  great stuff.  Love the mango lotion and the regular hand cream." Had Megan and she explained everything while she gave me a facial. I bought some face wash and cologne because I smelt like Brad Pitt! Loved this store.  The sales lady was so informative but she leaves you alone to browse.  Love their shea butter line.  :)  with great knowledge about products. Stop by here Stupid pharmacy. I want my drugs!" As soon as this last prescription they've messed up (without telling me) that I'm waiting for comes in I haven't had any negative experiences here. The pharmacist has been helpful  but this location is set up in a way that makes me partial to it compared to other locations.  Their wine section is absolutely amazing and has fun new labels at great prices & often has awesome specials.  They also have a great selection of liquor like Pinnacle Vodka (whipped cream flavors) etc." Don't waste your time with this store chain..Not worth it"""  which are usually on sale for $6.99. There was a sign posted which said $6.99..they rang up regular price. The rude lady stated that she would not change it because the sign was wrong and should have been taken down. (She saId this very rudely)  Ummm excuse me...we believe people should honor the price that's up..it was their mistake not ours. The cashier Katina was sweet enough to call the manager up to refund us the difference."  but I guess that can be expected. I've never really had any issues with the pharmacy either If you must go because of the location I recommend audio taping every conversation with the pharmacist!!!" I love this Walgreens! Go there for all my Pharmacy needs.  high quality. Ordered the beef Wellington and it was done right. Service was attentive and friendly. It was Valentine's Day and they offered some lovely sweets at the end. The decor was ""classic"" but the blue tufted booth seat was uncomfortable. Lighting was a little off  Sally's doesn't carry many ""name' brand items you'll see at a place like Ulta - no Bedhead or Paul Mitchel or Garnier or OPI ... but lots of bulk products that I see in my neighborhood nail salon. I go for the things like cuticle clippers and nail buffers - good deals and good selections on items if you don't care about the brand. I recently picked up some nail basecoat and topcoat - the same kind my favorite salon uses This Sally's is definitely a blessing being so close!"  and found out the closed a few minutes earlier than advertised. Not cool." The store is supposed to open at 9am and the lady in the store seemed crabby and put out that she had to unlock the door at 9:05. She walked over flipped the lock and walked away in a huff. I was there for 15 minutes and she didn't even say hello! I personally love going to Sally's...I checked this particular store out a few weeks ago and it's no joke maybe the best one I've ever been in. The young lady Kelly in there is so sweet so knowledgeable and so helpful! I love that I can ask her about a product and get real feedback! She tells me what she uses and because out hair color is different will recommend different products to me based on that. Additionally the store is always clean and well stocked...it's just a great experience to shop there! Nice people. Clean but cluttered aisles. Really? Not very coupon friendly. Moved to cvs.  the employees are a lot friendlier.  The Drive Thru can sometimes be a pain after work and sometimes you see homeless people in the parking lot but it's 24 hrs which is a plus." Cluttered but convenient - passport photos until 9:00pm. This walgreens is the closest to my place and this review is based on their pharmacy.  It is the absolute worst place to go and I seriously recommend this place to no one ever. It started Wednesday when I drop my prescription off at 9 in the morning and they told me it would be ready by 11. I never heard of any place taking 2 hours to fill a prescription I wasn't in the mood to drive around looking for place to fill it quicker so I said Ok I'll be back. I ran some errands and at 12 noon I went to go get my prescription there was 5 cars waiting outside so I went inside and there was a line of 6 people.  Never had I seen a place so packed for prescriptions so I waited and as I get to the Counter and give my name they said it would be another hour or so. I explained I had to get to work and that I was told to pick up at 11 and it was 12 and the pharmacist named Frank said he would get on top of it and it would be 10 to 15 minutes well he was getting tugged around everywhere as pharmacists usually do but as soon as he got to my script he would type for literally 20 seconds before someone said something that called for a pharmacist to explain what medications were for and have you taken this before and blah..blah.. blah after 30 minutes he finally gets me my prescription and I vowed to never go back they didn't care and probably hoped I was serious being that they have no shortage of customers. That was Wednesday mind you and today my girlfriend took our son to urgent care and he needed medicine for his ear infection and also his rash I was at work but she told me that the same thing happened to her except they forgot to fill the rash creme and told her it would be another hour she was livid because they told her 2 hours and she actually waited 3 hours before she went back because she had to get my son down for a nap being that he was fussy and tired and the same thing happened and they didn't have the prescription ready. We will NEVER return to this walgreens. I will drive an extra few miles to cvs or any other place besides walgreens. I highly recommend no one goes here but if you don't take my word for it I guarantee you will be highly disappointed. "Pharmacy is terrible. The are slow and disorganized with poor customer service. I use them rarely  always trying to help you find something.. Better to be bothered with an offer to help than be ignored! Great service." I give this pharmacy the worst ratings. No customer service. The pharmacy tech thinks his God. He didn't help us. During my whole visit. I seen him be disrespectful to a veteran. He too was in pain. No remorse what so ever. Don't go to this pharmacy. A total of 3 hrs waiting. Never got the medicine my husband needed. Don't go there. Unless you want to be disappointed." Will go anywhere but here."  they don't. I'm now about to take my kids to the emergency room because the pharmacy said they are too busy to fill it. Read the reviews you idiots. Fix your pharmacy staff or enjoy the lawsuits. Second time you have harmed my kids. I will never make this mistake again and will drive to avoid you fools." 59 minutes and I'm walking out the front door. I feel so free!!!!" Would rate zero if I could.   Stopped in today and waited 5 minutes at the checkout counter and no one was there.   Not sure if anyone was even working.   Finally left and left the products I was going to purchase sitting on the counter.   Neve going to step foot inside this store again.  you need to go to the other location"". When I asked to see a manager he rudely told me he was the manager and I should know that because his vest is special color. Avoid this location at all costs." The pharmacy techs are extremely rude and not willing to help. They just act like I'm some crazy person. I am not on Medicaid or anything like that. I have a job and private health insurance that costs an arm and a leg. I can't even get my medication because they are NOT doing their job." "Idk about the reviews. It's like every other Walgreens I've ever been in. You always expect to wait 30 minutes for meds of you wait for them but so nice to get meds ant time of day. It's that way everywhere "This location brings ineptness and mediocrity to new levels. There is an issue ever time a script is filled. My most recent experience was with an antibiotic script. My doctor faxed it an hour earlier; I stopped in on my way home to see if it was ready. They claimed they never received it. I called my doctor and they had confirmation that it had been received at this location an hour earlier but offered to resend it to them  in the proper spot for easy locating. The woman in the department (Bonnie) was very helpful locating merchandise I had dental surgery today.  I dropped off my prescription and was told it would be ready in an hour.  I am siting in line with a throbbing tooth 2 hours and 20 minutes later.  Not real happy. If I could give a zero I would this is the third time I've been in to pick up a medication and have had to wait more than and hour for a medicine pickup. There always seems to be an issue with every single customer. You wait in line for 40 minutes to drop off your prescription and then another hour to pick it up after its finished. This is a Mickey Mouse club house in here. Not normally a Walgreen user. I had to go to a 24 hr pharmacy. My prescription was 135.00 . I didn't have coverage for prescriptions and the pharacist had a coupon that brought my drug down to 24.00. Frys has never done that for me. Sunday nite Jan 10th around 9pm. Don't remember the man's name. He was extremely helpful  the Pharmacy staff seems constantly confused by the simplest requests My fiance just left the ER and came to this location to fill his prescription.  He has been here before.  He had never had an issue before.  Today he had an issue.  The lady at the pharmacy was extremely rude and told him he couldn't get his pain meds because he didn't have an AZ drivers liscence! What BS is that! He went down the street to CVS...much better pharmacy services there. Long story short I got prescribed medication the other day around 4:00pm and the lady told me that won't be ready til about 6-630pm. Already red flag because back in Ohio  don't assume that I'm standing there because I am I part of the passport family who is Indian and I also happen to look brown. I'll pass on coming back here in the future."  I did call Ms. X back that day on her cell and left a message explaining that I would not be returning to the salon and why. I regret not speaking to a manager to give the business a chance to make amends. As it is would def recommend and continue driving 15 miles to see Eve again." z7F5NHgN1iqSaNDbADhvlA  whom I've come to think of as my second family.  I spend every other Saturday with these people and they are golden."  but she makes my hair look so good in the salon that I can't duplicate it myself at home (dangit!)  Mikel is the nail tech I see and she has many clients that have been seeing her for years (including me). Shannon is the aesthetician and does a FABULOUS wax!! I would recommend this salon to anyone!" This is the place I go for my waxing and facial needs. Shannon is an absolute doll and someone who has become a friend. She takes care oft facial and makes me feel good about myself! The family has been seeing Misty for more than 10 years...she's the Goddess of Do's!  I was referred to a stylist at Salon Boulevard by my friend.  I honestly cannot thank my friend and my new stylist Eve enough.  I thought I would have to get all my hair chopped off to fix the bad cut.  Eve saved me about 5 inches of hair."  where are you? Salon Boulevard needs you!)"  amazing. He worked with me and within a few short weeks my hair was shiny and soft and gorgeous. Since then I've gone blonde to dark brown to bright red  the only person I will ever let touch my eyebrows. People constantly complement me on how ""perfect"" my eyebrows are. I am also in love with the peels and masks. I used to have fine lines on my forehead and a worry line between my eyebrows  I dont go to anyone else. He can do everything from a simple refreshment cut to a ""bitchin bob"" as we have come to call it. He will take his time & make sure your look is absolutely perfect  and I love it. The receptionists are always welcoming. Always seem to want to take care of you before you see your stylist or nail tech. They even offer complimentary WINE!!! I was referred by a friend to see Dorene and I have to say "I see Eve Rumore at this salon. I would never allow another stylist or colorist to touch my hair.  I always look polished and professional. She makes me feel like a million bucks!  Love Eve "I've been coming here for years. Everyone here is wonderful and a lot of fun. Eve is my girl! She has been doing my hair (color  not my cup of tea. I prefer somewhere that caters to regular eyebrow waxing- not a make-do situation." "I had Rob give me a color and a trim this evening and it was great! Everyone is super friendly and fun. I just wanted my hair a shade or two lighter and to neaten up some split ends. I had a great time! Cozy little place. The price isn't cheap Tammy is the best and Rob is so entertaining you're guaranteed several good laughs during your visit.  Enough said. "A friend of mine referred me to this salon and I'm so happy she did.  I have had terrible experiences before with salons taking advantage of me cost wise I usually don't post reviews on yelp unless I had the perfect experience.  I've been seeing Elina for months now and have nothing but great things to say about her and this location! I was made comfortable and I didn't feel awkward at all! She was extremely professional and kind. I would recommend her to everyone. Something that is also essential for me is cleanliness. They have disposable paper lining like you would see in a doctor's office and an autoclave. Scheduling an apt is a breeze. Awesome customer service!!!  These people know what they are doing!!!!!  Great staff with experience!!!   The best in town!!!!  and help you find the product that is right for you.  Easy parking in a convenient location. (Trader Joe's/Whole Foods shopping center.)  The nail/massage area is quite nice - private and quiet."  which I could barely feel went just slightly above my ankle.  The actual exfoliating part of the pedicure barely happened - I need to find ANOTHER place to do the job they didn't do.  I paid $52 (incl. $8 tip) and feel completely ripped off.  Oh  and it was great. Donald cut my hair and he was great. We got along as if we known each other for years and he cut my hair exactly the style I wanted." When I called to make the appointment I asked for a senior stylist who was good with long hair.  I was getting a trim and style.  I wished I had taken a ""before"" picture so I could post it.  Let me tell you.. I had just rolled out of bed and was looking like one hot mess!  What a transformation.  Carissa made my hair look FABULOUS!!.  She even gave me a scalp massage when she washed my hair and also she took her time blowdrying my hair and made sure it was perfect.  Carissa is very professional  they take ULTA coupons too!!! and you can stack them with your beauty brands take ten!!" I have been going to this salon for over a year. Jodi a senior stylist is wonderful! I have long hair and I color and highlight it regularly. They also carry Bumble & Bumble products which I love. Great service and prices I like the professional but not stuffy atmosphere.  and have not been anywhere near this happy." I stopped by this Beauty Brands for the first time last week after yoga class looking for a dry shampoo and had no idea what kind I wanted. All of the girls immediately recommended their favorites and found the bottle for me. They were very friendly and continued to offer their advise on other products. I am very satisfied with my choice and would definitely go back! Maybe even try the salon.... Lisa is for sure my new stylist and I will be making all my appointments with her...I can't wait till next week to see how she colors my hair! :)" "Best place ever for all your hair and nail needs!!!!! I will always got to beauty brands for my hair and nails Great location. Very friendly staff and pharmacy. Small town store feel with big store name. My kids and I are ALWAYS here for something!" Still great store overall. Very helpful staff"  organized store.  The woman working in the cosmetic section was a bit bored and wanted to talk "Nice and close however the pharmacy can be ridiculously slow Went through the drive thru pharmacy the past two times. Had to wait at least 30 minutes both times. Unless there's an event or special launch (book an appointment for these free make-overs - not to miss!) someone is almost always available to provide you with a makeover or at the very least dkp49eYgIN8iqWcQDvqYmg  but being from Boise I wasn't sure what type of service I would receive here at Paradise Valley Mall. Employees are super helpful here! My sister-in-law got her makeup done here for her wedding I was very disappointed with my face when she finished.  I looked like I was going clubbing.  In ancient Egypt.  Even when I go clubbing I have never felt so uncomfortable at a Mac store before. Usually the girls are very nice and helpful. Here they will make it blatantly obvious that they don't want to be bothered. Don't waste your time.. Go to another store. Incredible Service!! I recently came in to have my make up done for a special event and I highly recommend JESS!! she was great! I have never seen a more perfect and even cat-eye;) I'm very happy with my cosmetic purchases and the entire staff was so friendly. Go check them out! Helpful staff! This is what I like to see!!! Love the selection and the staff was very great in helping me and my Auntie find what we needed :D  and everywhere I looked was fully stocked. My only complaint is that the store is small and has so much product. Customers tend to ""hog"" an area so you can barely get by or grab what you want. It's strange! The woman ringing me out was really cool  which is nice because the two Sally's store closest to me are really far apart.  I also find that the staff here is more friendly and willing to help you with any questions you might have while also letting you do your own thing. I've noticed that they also have a pretty decent selection of Gelish nail colors  valuable piece of advice to keep in mind going forward: BE NICE TO YOUR CUSTOMERS.  THEY'RE THE ONLY REASON YOU HAVE A JOB." I came into this Sally's at 8:30pm (30 minutes before they close) because of a coloring Catastrophe. The two girls working rolled their Eyes when they saw a customer had entered the store. They Were already counting the drawer as if it were 5 min. Till close. I had questions And was Ignored even though there was no one else in the store. My roots were the same color as Ronald McDonald's for pete's sake!! Ladies help me out here!!!?? I love Sally's but this location really let me down.  educated and do know what to suggest. Their cashier Ashley is absolutely wonderful and helped me a great deal. The only downside is that store is small and tends to get crowded at times."  but it came with a frown. It seemed like they were annoyed that I interrupted their conversation and they didn't want to pause for me. Someone came in after me and got the same response. They went to ask the girls a question about hair and didn't really get a good answer. One of the girls led them to hair care "I have been to this location several times - it is my preferred location due to the staff being so great. I live across the street from one on the other side of Bell and prefer to drive an extra few minutes to this location. The girls at the other location are snooty and rude and I hate dealing with people who have no business working in customer service. My recent trip was the cherry on top;  I was greeted immediately by Ashley and Ashlynn. They were handling inventory but they made sure to check on me every few minutes as I browsed This place is awesome." - Ahhhhh.  My skin will thank me really soon...." "This place always smells so good walking by! Bath & Body Works is my go to gift spot when I don't know what to get someone. By someone I mean a woman "Great Staff....Great service....within walking distance of my Apt......and the Candle deals are simply awesome. Starting back in November I have purchased at least 22 candles to this date (Feb 18th 2013). I mean the 3 wick candles usually go for 20 bucks apiece but they have been virtually giving away candles at Bath and Body Works since before the holidays of 2012. I mean 2 for 22.....buy 2 get 2 free.....4 for 30 with a coupon......8 bucks a piece with another coupon.....30 % & 40 % off candles....I mean it has been crazy. So needless to say I look forward to buying many more this year when these glorious sales come around...until then Eat Got some good stuff at great prices."  and that we should buy something sometimes. I left right away. That was very rude. I really was going to buy something  smiling staff member.. your offered mint tea... you get a free massage.. YES.. I could fall asleep.. You choose your aromatherapy based on what your nose likes.. and the knowlegable member will work with your skin and hair to get your product correct.. This is no in and out experience..Im sure if you just advised that you need it fast.. and knew what you wanted... they would happily oblige.. BUT just take a moment.. and smell the aromatherapy for olfactory sakes.." Very rude manager. She acted like I was an idiot with every question I had. She acted like it was such a hassle to give me a sample after I spend $50.00. I will not return. "Best place ever! The product is amazing and the is friendly  shoulder-length hair and glasses. The team at the Fashion Sq. store have always been fabulous.  I will never go to PV again."  know their product and give great service.  I love how they are always inviting and want to show me everything new!  My favorite is the wellness!" "I use one Aveda product. The associates are always friendly as they inform me it is ""not in stock"". That is three times in one year where we`ve had to make two separate trips to purchase one product. My daughter attempted to purchase this one product for me two weeks before Christmas and was told it would have to be shipped and they could not guarantee Christmas delivery (it came December 22nd). To be fair Here's a tip: if you are a pure privilege member you can call this store and they will take your order over the phone then ship it to you for free!" The girl wouldn't let me pay because I am not licensed!! At this point I am mad and it takes alot to make me mad. I ended up leaving the store they did not get any money that time and we will not be returning  which I didn't know how to do and told me what to do once I do receive my license in the mail. After realizing I'd forgot something I needed to go back later on and another woman helped me look for another product. I have found that the people at Armstrong are always helpful and willing to help." "Ulta is the lesser stocked more mainstream version of Sephora with more access to drugstore cosmetics and high end cosmetics as well. If you find your bathroom running low on what ever makes you look oh so pretty get one stop shopping for sure at Ulta. One reason I really like going to Ulta is they offer more variety of products than grocery stores "I went to Ulta in Desert Ridge and was really disppointed.  I came in to get my hair trimmed about forty-five minutes before they closed.  When I came in there were two stylists sitting in the waiting area talking to the receptionist.  They asked if I had an appointment (I didn't) and then told me they couldn't take me so late  would you like me to have those delivered to your home?""--- Approved?  I guess it's a good marketing thing that works for them b/c they have been asking this for over a year now I think.  I actually get to tell the truth and say (P.S. flyer tip - wait till after tuesday when stocked  but Sephora is better than both for those items that both Ulta and Sephora carry--and they are helpful and give free samples. Sephora  almost always have my salon haircare products." "This is my local one stop shop for my face washes by Oil of Olay. I simply love them....and i always wait to receive my 3.50 off a 10 dollar purchase coupon in the mail. I then come to this locale and purchase 2 boxes and pay only about 9 bucks for them. Right now this location is under going a renovation but the store is still open for business and the staff is always friendly. Eat  if you haven't been for a while." I've been going to this store for years and am so happy they finally renovated and brought this store up to speed with the rest of the Ulta's. This Ulta still has their salon that uses Redkin products and now a Benefit Brow bar. This store is a lot more organized and thus easier to find the products you are looking for. Great job on the remodel! I've always had friendly service with employees. Staff is very helpful but they often out of stock on major product lines which is quite annoying.  Shouldn't Ulta have the new Ulta products they have been advertising?  go to the 99 Cent Only Store while you wait. They have a lot of cool stuff there and it makes you feel like a rich man to afford anything in the store." Went in last night and I'm not sure what there new approach is. Was greeted by a girl with bright long lime green hair and spider eyelashes . She was very nice . But I'm sorry I personally had a hard time looking at her while talking to her let alone get makeup advice . Most of the population does not go to work with makeup and hair like this . Worst service ever. Walked in and the woman rolled her eyes at me. Lol I'm not sure what I did. It was pretty empty and very clean. Walked around looking for a item for a good 15 min and no help. It want busy at all. The salons looked clean there was no staff for walk ins.  and I was so grateful that she took the time to give such great customer service. I am a continuing customer here  or visit this location again" "They accepted my online coupons not from Ulta website  they do not offer small samples to try at home. Thank god they have a return policy. I was forced to buy something for New Years Eve so I could have foundation for the night and will be returning it since they were so rude to me. Will always make sure to shop at Sephora since they are helpful and let you take home samples to try on at home." They never have my make up in stock. I always have to drive to a location farther away to get it. Love the salon!  Jess has been doing my hair for a while and she never disappoints.  I go when there are m-w discounts on color and cuts.  I also get my brows done here as well and they look great each time.  this is not a good business practice.  I have twice been deceived by this one stylist.  She won't get a third chance!  From comments at the register Your representative used age discrimination against my daughter and I am offended.  I did not make a big deal of it at the store because my daughter was so excited and I did not want her to feel bad but my daughter deserved to have her makeup done." I made a quick trip to Ulta with my 2 month old baby in her stroller. Before I got to the door the sweetest lady had the door open for me. She helped find exactly what I needed and checked me out. Then opened the door for me and my huge stroller again. I felt like royalty . I will definitely be back. Thank You - Greg (a real man)"  an actual life form of a girl walks by and I ask to make sure if she works there and she says yes. I then attempt to ask her for some help and she just keeps walking past me and says ""yeah "I really dislike this location because of the customer service but because I was in the area and needed to buy a birthday present I stopped by. Their shelves are never stocked and they're consistently out of products advertised. I wanted a NYX lip gift set but of course there weren't any left on the shelf. I searched for an associate to help but no one was to be found. I settled on another gift set. Then I picked out two OPI nail polishes  online or select a similar product. Pitiful service. And how can they consistently be out of the same product over and over. Need new replenishment buyers that actually know what they're doing. I finally just went to Macy's to get the product and it's in stock - Imagine that!! And the people working there are helpful and courteous. I guess Ulta must not pay very much or just doesn't stress customer service." Jessica was so much help and really sweet a little disappointed the website told me they had the pb&j pallet in stock but I called the store and they're out everywhere :( "Leaking spa and controller out of control. These problems were diagnosed properly and I scheduled the repair which was completed properly and I now have a spa working like it should. The store also has everything you need with people to help you if you don't know what you need. I have replaced the cover  knowledgeable staff!  I love my new hot tub cover!"  quoted inaccurately for parts and be hung up on...talk to Bob the manager.  Do yourself a favor and find another parts dealer."  as the owner(s) seem well stocked. Avoid if you can source elsewhere.   Hope BOB finds another job NOT in customer service."  I basically ""gave up"" and decided to figure things out myself.  All the phone calls to the spa manufacture(s) got me no where and hundreds of dollars to countless repair folks 