Can't wait for our next major event! Hopefully Thanks for my sombrero(s). And the hundreds of chocolate coins."  which is where I normally buy things like streamers and balloons." The  biggest rip-off ever. Costume are so cheaply made and accessories are made of plastic yet cost  $9 19 $29 a piece. An entire pirates costume for kid with accessories will cost you $125 - $200. Good grief!! where else can you find all the parts and pieces for a 9 year old girl to become Albert Einstein?  they carry real theatre makeup here too which is very handy if you ever find yourself needing to go onstage.  just a fun place to wander around and find crazy things for costumes and parties. "I *LOVE* this store. You can even rent costumes (and this place has been around forever-my grandmother rented costumes from there YEARS ago).  The walls of wigs and masks are impressive to say the least  which they didn't have either.  So don't go looking for something two specific or you may be disappointed."  don't forget to take a look at the ridiculous lineup of weapons above the register. I don't know how you'd be able to walk around with a real axe  with staff that takes costuming seriously and goes above and beyond to get it right.  We needed 'American Idol' judges costumes and the costume designer brought out magazine pictures of the judges and a large selection of choices and accessories to get everything just right. Very impressed!" Just go in and be awed by the vast selection of oddities and novelties on display Also they have there own parking lot in back so the don't have to pay the meter." (That being said it can still be very hit or miss The part I love the most is that the store is kept up so well that I never walk out with Goodwill hands and I don't feel like I need to give the clothing a chemical shower before I wear it. No wonder they've been around so long." Drop by Dandelion. Even if the items there aren't your style  the woman working behind the counter didn't seem to have any issues with us documenting our more outrageous finds with our camera phones. While we wouldn't be able to wear most items on the street gVp2MmQ2VP8bzeObzX6Qtw  the store owner has been gracious enough to lower the price on broken or torn items I've purchased.  During previous years "I used to live basically right above this place and would wander in from time to time. It's fun to look around for sure I don't know I just wasn't that impressed. It was a neat little store and the employees were super friendly but I couldn't find much (then again when I buy used I usually go to salvation army). I walked out with a dress that was 30 bucks and I have yet to wear. Maybe it's hit or miss? I just didn't find it that great. There is a good mix of truly vintage and newer items as well. Great shoe selection. I would like to see them get more variety of jewelry d8Cr4UtqlrbZh7Rsuj1rmw I can't wait to go back to Champaign and visit this place again : )" Some of their clothes are literally falling apart and still marked at full price." The woman working the register was friendly and helpful." "I found my fringed leather jacket here and even though my sixteen year old son says  you can find forest-green Converse in just your size for just the right price Blue collar also has provided me with all of my own non-uniform industrial clothing. They always have a very good selection in their store and have the ability to order anything I desire." Great pricing and durable clothes. I have shirts that I've been wearing for 10 years.  and hopefully will for many years to come. The quality of the products they sell is the best and the prices are amazing. So nice to find this in a small local shop that provides THE BEST customer service! Even though I moved to Tucson a few years ago "Couldn't find a nicer lady to help you find good work clothes. She will help point you in the right direction and get you a perfect fit. She'll even modify items for you and really competitive prices. Will be back time and again Sometimes is an adventure when going out with my friends We were sad that they had no eatable underwear in stock."  but don't worry guys they had costumes and colorful undercarriage for men too! Although they did advertise great deals on DVDs it was the outdated VHS tapes and reading material that caught my attention i like this place wasn't crowded they had most of what i needed for my lil girls b-day last minute and the associates were very helpful and prompt when assistance was needed i would return to this location for sure  but then I walked into this Party City. Everything here is organized and they seem to have a much larger selection of party items then some other Party Cities. The rows are themed based on boy themes I was looking for graduation ideas for three of my students and was able to find everything I wanted here. I love the graduation cap box I found. The guy discounted it because it had a small dent.  and they seem to have everything that will fit your party needs. Be sure to sign up online for emailed discounts and special sales!"  but they have these costumes year round which is great for those awesome theme parties you may encounter November - September. Need  a fog machine? They have one. How about a gallon of fake blood or liquid latex because you need to go balls to the wall for Halloween? Boom  it suffices. Not horrific prices or great prices either. It's good enough!" Great party store supply house.  They always have what I need :-) "I can't believe I have not showed these guys and gals some love at Party city because they absolutely SAVED my Halloween in 2012. The wife and I cruised on the World's Largest Cruise ship (OASIS OF THE SEAS) back in October. Now what cruise would be complete without an awesome Halloween party.....and an AWESOME Halloween Costume. Well I had been searching for the Ultimate costume for about a month and half and my people at Party City really looked out for me. The costume I was in search of you ask? BANE....the BADASS in the last Batman Movie. I was really worried I wouldn't be able to get my hands on one before Halloween because I didn't know what size it would be and Party city was only getting a couple of them. Well I checked twice a week for about 5 weeks and when it finally arrived the guys saved one just for me. The costume FIT PERFECTLY......and  I was soooooooooo excited I didn't know what to do with myself.  When I wore it to the party onboard the Cruise ship I got RAVE REVIEWS. I was the ONLY person on board wearing that costume and that made it all the more sweeter. I couldn't thank these guys and gals enough for all there diligence and because of that they will always be my GO TO place for all of my party needs......wohoooooooooooo!!!! Eat ppoQDk5EQjOJBYNEzYp9Hw "Friendly and helpful staff.  They have everything you can possibly imagine.  No complaints.....oh and there's a candy buffet that catches your eye right when you walk into the store I greatly appreciated this excellent customer service." "I made the effort to go here based on all of the wonderful customer service experiences people wrote about in their reviews. Too bad I can't say the same in this review. Walked in with no greeting and no one in the aisle to help customers. I also didn't think the selection for bridal shower items was very impressive. I ended up purchasing the things I could find but need to go to another store to find the things I couldn't get help finding here. The trip ended with curt assistance at the checkout. I told Julie that there was a coupon online but it did t have a bar code...just a phrase code of ""save more"". Her response was simply ""well if the coupon didn't have a bar code we can't use it"". Even though it is on their website. No further questions....no ""let me ask a manager"". Gee thanks. Goodbye. I will take my future business elsewhere."  just make you check all u need especially for accesories before you go home."  with no apology about anything.  They finally said they would go through their store video and see where the clerk put the receipt for the tank and took my cell phone number and said they would call that afternoon.  Big surprise  and the fact that they make their own rules apparently. But of the 3 people I dealt with only ONE was nice to me. Save your money and go to Spirit. They at least like their job and customers." Rude and unhelpful employees. I can get comparable or even better products at Hobby Lobby or Easley's at better prices. Won't be back any time soon. Their selection was very extensive and someone was always available to help!" Dee's also has costume rentals so if you ever need a crazy costume at the last minute Dee's can help you out with that too!" That's probably not  attractive as reality that you might imagine..." Do not go here. Horrible costumer service. Return policy from the dark ages...even on unopened nonpersonal item bought just hours before. Surprised they think that they can still treat people this way when there are so many other wonderful options. Just had a wonderful experience at Dee's. They were very understanding of my daughters body shape and fitting her into a leo that fit her beautifully and left her feeling confident. Could not have asked for more- I will disagree with their return policy which is why the few stars less. There is no refund  even on unworn things. It's either exchange or store credit. Just not a fan of that policy." "It was a pleasure to support a local specialty shop.  The staff was extremely helpful and the prices were fair.  This shop is tucked away in the strip mall at Bell and Tatum.  If you have dance wear or exercise clothing needs  I would have walked right back out. It irked me that I was going to drop money. A nice younger looking girl helped us. She wears glasses and she as sweet as can be. I will not return to this location as the ""manager"" had a resting bitch face on her the entire time we were in the store I'm sorry you have to work on Saturdays  and I found what I needed. The lady who worked with me seemed more than happy to help me and get more and more sizes 