"" Coyote Joe's is really a good time if you go with a big group. Don't worry if you don't love country music 76lSMjkrbLxTWeylGZvjhw I've been to Coyote Joe's a couple of times. The place is massive with a wonderful dance floor and great instructors that teach a variety of line dances...something for both beginners and seasoned dancers. The place is spacious enough that they can really pump out the live music without it feeling like your ears are bleeding. Ill definitely be going back the next time Im in the area!"  but this stretch of Wilkinson is a little sketchy...I think people know better to mess with a bunch of good ole' boys who are in all likelihood strapped.  Oh  and the cash only. I was wearing heels and my feet were sore by 11! There isn't a ton of carpet throughout and no empty seats around. I do have to admit The band members truly love their jobs and they show it. Thank them for your good time  one of the bars is up on the mezzanine. On the busy nights they bring out a few portable bars with just beer. The drink prices are also extremely reasonable. A domestic beer is around $2.50. I do not know any other concert venues that sell beer at a low price like that. On nights where there is no national act  this place gets very hot as the crowds pile in.....I mean they were passing out fans and towels for goodness sake.......now I'm not sure if that is a problem with the cooling system or what but for a natural chic with a blowout these are unacceptable conditions and conditions my hair cannot withstand for an extended period of time.......definitely not a good look." Coyote Joe's is a big country bar and by big I mean huge. Large dance floor. Multiple bars and more cornhole than you can shake a stick at. It's not really my scene but it's quite cheap so yay!" I really wish they'd drop the door fee because I think more people would come regularly. But So if you're down to drink beer out of cans and listen to some great country music... this is your place. MAKE SURE TO BRING CASH. They do not accept credit cards and you don't want to pay the ATM fees. Check the calendar often to keep up with who's coming to town. Randy Houser rocked an acoustic show last night. It has me even more fired up for the summer country concert season." We went here for am Aaron Lewis concert cheap beer and drinks but it gets stupid crowded it may have been the Concert mostly likely. But if you go to a concert spring for the VIP seating areas its worth it other wise you have to deal with standing room only. If Aaron Lewis played there again or someone else I liked I would go but again I would pay for the VIP seating areas.  the guys came back and pushed in front of us.  Next thing you know the guy got in a fight with all the other people around him.  It was a huge brawl and it took a good long time for any bouncers to arrive.  I felt very unsafe this whole time and it was because of the lack of awareness and or the lack of care that the bouncers had for the well being of the patrons.  Will probably not be going back and will definitely not recommend going to any of my friends."  and great scenery! Only downfall is credit cards are not accepted. That's the only reason for the lower rating. Be sure to bring cash with you!" "I usually go on Wednesdays for the line dancing. It's obvious the owners don't put on the air conditioning because within minutes the place feels like a furnace. Drink specials are usually pretty good The main reason I love this bar is because you can actually sit down if you want to and there are several bathrooms so you don't have to wait an hour in a line to use the bathroom. I love going to the line dance lessons.  bathrooms are reachable. There's always someone to fix the pool table if something goes wrong. And the food truck outside is quite delectable." "So much fun! The only down side is THEY ONLY ACCEPT CASH at the bar so come prepared 