I simply can not say how much Friendship means to me personally.  It is there for you or someone you love as well." "I spent three days looking for a place for my sister. I found myself frustrated because AHCCS does not offer a lot of options and most of the places covered are less than satisfactory. I called Megan at Friendship and right away I knew this was the place for my sister. Megan was professional and caring. The only thing I can say is go in  I still give Friendship five stars.  I can still recommend it and do.  I have been back there myself.  It doesn't get much better than what this organization does for you.  Yes it's a lot of work but when it comes to improving the quality of your life One bit of information I will approach this time that I didn't in the first review.  Most insurance plans do cover treatment at Friendship so if you need it take advantage of that fact." 3KwmkeqyC-STUvTcPOxsCw  and navigated crazy Phoenix traffic for 60 minutes during rush hour only to have them tell me they made a mistake and didn't have me on their schedule. Now they can't get me in for another month! Ugh! I don't think I will be going back. They did apologize  I jokingly told someone that the therapy session helped in its own way because the woman I saw was so curt and unpleasant that it made me feel like a better person."  or that the policies of this office are such that they care more about being paid and being punitive than they do about helping people. What if I had been a suicidal caller? They have no idea what kind of problems I might have. They didn't care. Just categorically accused me of daring to ""no-show"" to an appointment and then wanting some compassionate care. Alright. Good luck as a business. Apologies for my arrogance."  I don't think I am the first to have this experience. I will never get close to this office again Counseling and psychiatry are two legs on my stool of life. The third leg is faith. There's days when prayer and the words of The Ancients are the final piece keeping my tricycle running down the road of a productive life."  and I have often left his office laughing.  He diagnosed my problem quickly on my first visit.  I have had many sessions with Karen Bischoff from his office.  She has a wonderful method of treating PTSD  I've decided to move on to another psychiatrist. The receptionist has always been extremely rude but today she pushed me to my limit. I had an afternoon appointment and when I arrived was told the doctor was not in - that he had a doctor's appointment. I used the last of my accrued sick time to go to today's appointment so I found this unacceptable. The receptionist then informed me that the number they called to notify me that my appointment was cancelled was a bad number and disconnected. I checked the number they had on file and told her that's been my correct number for as long as I can remember and it's never been disconnected. She looked at me with doubt and I asked her to call me. My cell phone dutiful rang as it always does when somebody calls me.. I went ahead and rescheduled the appointment but have since decided that I will cancel it on Monday and find a new doctor. Oh....and as I walked out  NOT BECAUSE OF DR HICKS but because the staff are miserable."  my two daughters and my baby boy. I have dealt with two different office staff members and both got us in. One member does seem standoffish but I'm not there to make friends My husband was very comfortable with Dr. Rockwell but sadly he will need to find another doctor." 