"Had a charity golf event here recently. Solid 3 stars! A nice open course that wasn't too long or too difficult. Par 3's were not that long and there are 1-2 par 4's reachable on a good drive. For a private course  Cedarwood seems like a solid place to check out!"  the facility was beautiful  and staff was friendly. The food was pretty good.   The layout was perfect for an event like this -  there was plenty of room for lots of large dinner tables as well as a dance floor.  They kept the beverage stations open and well stocked.  The bride and groom were very pleased and the guests had a great time." Casual dinner with members tonight and food was great! Service was inexperienced.  Always love the location and people!  south Charlotte location and value can be matched. The course is very easy to walk and play and not get worn out. The staff takes care to continuously improve the course and watch the conditions. The grill room has really solid food choices including a southwest chicken salad  what an incredible place.  The golf coarse view was amazing.  I had the Kobe burger at the Men's grill and it had to be one of the best burgers in Metro Phoenix." Phoenix Country Club ought to re-evaluate this woman.  She is a discredit to their business." 500 this might be the best value for your money.  Memberships were once selling for over $60 kwmbV7MLjNVnwjVGSzCndQ  but the renovation that was completed a few years ago really has made this club step up. If you want to visit one of the best places in Phoenix  come across one server that was less pleased with her job. I wont blame the country club for her actions though. :) I would recommend this meeting space to anyone."  though it was aerated recently.  Customer service is obviously touted here and it shows throughout the entire facility.  I had a nice experience and will definitely be back soon."  and the events that are offered to members are top notch!"  maybe the holiday  affect ed them.  We had their  salad  with  tuna.the tuna was nice and fresh and we'll seasoned . Their was a nice mix  including  chunks of avacardo.we also had a club  sandwich with Cajon shrimp .Service was good price was also reasonable"  but the club itself has that old time CC feel and swagger. The service is top notch and the attention to details is on point. I didn't see Ty Webb or Judge Smails here   since he handled our daughters wedding flawlessly but most of all the friendship and comaraderie within the club.  We just had our welcome back party which was off the top including BBQ  oystesr on the back terrace and the place was packed with young vibrant members. My husband and I play a great deal of golf and the course is so well groomed and offers various tee box locations for all types of golfers.  The fact we are still a vibrant club since 1899.........speaks for itself.  Thanks for all the memories. Kathleen"  but this is what you are paying for in any country clubs.  Food are great here and the views are very beautiful." "The food was delicious and the service was great!  The private room the bridal shower held in was lovely.  However  but I can tell you as a guest I am always treated courteously. The food is good "My mother is a member here and she wanted to come for a family dinner over the holidays.  They have completely remodeled this country club which was long overdue and it is so gorgeous now.   It is hard to put into words the transformation this place has undergone.  It does not look anything like it used to except for maybe the golf course and the parking lot.  Our server was young and was probably used to going through the motions of serving tables The services was awesome and the food was good. Best of all was the view of the golf course and Camelback Mountain.  delicious food and an absolutely stunning view. This would be a great place to get married."  and I enjoy it every time I visit home.  I hope my husband and I can join someday." spa and gym and resort-like pool."  and all the facilities are kept clean and in working condition. Saturday morning bingo is surprisingly entertaining  AZCC will challenge all skill levels. Great food in the bar... excellent training facilities... top notch all the way." IgcTIyJFtEOxWD7bFhjYcQ I love the fact that you can play golf in Phoenix and not have to worry about hitting out of the desert. The tree lined fairways remind me of playing in the Midwest which is nice in this part of the state.  an air hockey table and comfortable couches. The pool is huge and great for lap swimming. I haven't experienced the golf course because I don't play  but I have played tennis at many country clubs. This place is top notch. The facilities are amazing! Has a very classy rustic feel to the country club. I read on their website that this place is invite only. If I was invited and I had money I would probably go. The tennis courts are really nice." They always greet us by name" 