The breakfast crepes with the soytang sauce are enough to drag me out of bed on the weekend that's how good they are.   And let's not even talk about all the sweet crepes full of chocolately goodness that you can order.  keep in mind you'll be waiting in a line to order- the line does pause until more tables open up  but even he likes this place. alot. we live right around the corner from this place; can't believe our luck! and tea drinkers--this is your spot! lots of fun mags  all of them are just plain great. The restaurant is actually a tiny basement of a Shadyside-style home. They try hard to make it feel like France by making it narrow Salmon dishes or anything with nutella is amazing. They also have Orangina!"  my wife got up and we walked out of this place. The food could very well be good - but with waitstaff like this woman - there are plentty of other places around town with not-so crummy service that I'd prefer to spend my money." A + check it out next time you are in Shadyside!"  and they are closed for some inexplicable reason. Or they're super crowded..." Man I miss this place."  well maybe this is part of the authentic Frecnch experience.  You do feel the need to eat quickly because of  the other customers eyeing you up for the precious few seats available.  Outside of the venue and service the crepes are the best I've ever had in Pittsburgh and if the service and venue was better this  could easily be four or maybe even five stars.  I had the smoked salmon with creme fraiche' and it was perfect.  It had great quality ingredients and was truly delicious.  A friend had the ham and cheese which was also excellent and another had  just a  traditional crepe with maple syrup.  This was also a smashing success.  I think the owner needs to share with his young staff some of the hospitality he showed my friends My mouth is watering just thinking of the yummy food!" I had a salmon crepe here & it was delicious - broke me out of the habit of mostly eating dessert crepes. The only downside is that they only take cash... but there is an ATM just down the street. This is a great place to meet up with an old friend or acquaintance.  but it does need a little updating.  Chairs are uncomfortable.  Service isn't that great.  But "Crepes Parisiennes in Shadyside is absolutely scrumptious and many people agree because this place and the Craig Street (Oakland) location are always busy.  It's the perfect place for a light brunch or lunch with a couple people (whoever since it's casual... friends  I usually decide it isn't worth the bother and go somewhere else."  and as long as you don't go there during a peak period "Nice cozy underground restaurant that serves crepes and a great Cafe au lait.  They have plenty of sweet crepes and a few savory ones.  They could add a couple more savory ones My party and I left to go to another restaurant.  I've not eaten any crepe in the world that would justify a long wait under such annoying circumstances  Chicago).  The guy who makes the crepes is a true expert and watching him whip up dozens of crepes is so much fun! I get the egg and cheese crepe with added mushrooms and order with the garlic oil base.  They serve all of the savory crepes with a tiny side salad with mandarin orange slices.  Although it's small  I did go to a place in Key West of all places that used some sort of Buckwheat or whole wheat batter for their savory crepes that was really really great.  It would be great if Crepes Parisiennes could adapt that.  My only other issue is that the place is a tad pricey." P.S. - BRING CASH. They do not accept credit cards."  but the dessert crepes (chocolate and orange! banana!) are also delicious. The little salad of greens and orange slices that comes with the savory crepes is a great addition. Go here when you're feeling cosmopolitan."  but it's great to have the restaurant to fulfill crepe cravings :)"  quite a lovely experience but I'm not sure it was enough to lure me back to the dark side  it seems that their attitude is to give any rudeness you give them right back.  Be polite  the staff is extremely rude and LOVES to make loud examples of people not familiar with their system. I've chosen never to eat here again due to the staff." The Savory crepes were better than the sweet crepes which were a disappointment. The service was suprisingly snooty considering this is low key place.  and I plan to order a savory crepe every time I go back (with cash in-hand)!" cmGR1HS9ms233roSllcglw They may have some mildly unpleasant unpopular 'rules' but I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal here and plan on returning." Love Crepes Parisiennes  too skimpy and thus overpowered by the crepes wrap. But it was the attitude of the owner that turned me off the establishment. I was in Pittsburgh visiting a relative with terminal cancer at the nearby hospital ; she had requested a breakfast crepes so I found Cafe Parisiennes through Yelp. We were in a hurry because of limited visiting hours. The sign said the Cafe opened at 10:00AM "Closed on Monday's? And closed 5 30 to 6 1? Wow. The prices on the menu don't seem that bad. But i still cant get over the fact there closed on Mondays. There is a sign posted ""help wanted"" so if anyone reads this and needs a job check this place out. And tell them to open on Mondays. BOOOOO  or are visiting you are doing yourself a disservice by not treating yourself to this absolutely fabulous  those crepes are really damn good.  I'll go back soon."  and normally behind the crepe maker.  This is a great place to have brunch or dessert- they also have sweet crepes (Nutella and banana is my favorite)- so be sure to check it out. It's right off of Walnut Street  and there was no such thing as atmosphere.  I could be convinced to go back and give it another try if a friend wanted to check it out  nothing special.  I've had much lighter (crepes here were a bit heavier than they should be) and more authentic crepes elsewhere.  The other thing I do not like about this place are their hours. They are closed by 4pm and on Mondays This place gets packed on the weekends yet the service has always been impeccable. They even bring my dessert crepe out after my meal!"  I would recommend giving it a try. On the other hand  but the staff knows that and won't make your food until you have somewhere to sit so it's not like you're standing around with food and nowhere to sit."  Pittsburgh has cash only parking meters. The meters on Craig St. are 1 hour max but I absolutely love Paris and so was glad to see that there was a crepe place near me. I've been to both locations of Crepes Parisiennes though the other on Craig Street feels less comfortable and homey than Filbert Street. There are more props up in the Filbert Street and I'm not talking about the stacks of nutella that they have. I've had both their savory (comes with side salad) and sweet crepes - which are all delicious. Not exactly like what you would get in Paris at a food stand (sugar crepe wrapped in paper) but is enough to bring back nostalgia of my visit so I am a fan. The wait has never been terrible and the staff has been friendly. I believe they are cash only which is a bit of a bummer.  in Pittsburgh though I haven't been able to find it outside of Paris since.  The crpes are authentic and lovely and they definitely serve it up with some authentic French manners.  When you go Hot Tip:  Cash only!  Come on off peak times because it's tiny and you'll be hard pressed to find a seat during lunch hours or Saturday Sunday brunch."  usually a good day to visit the Shadyside Crepes. Chances are you won't have a wait." I used to come here EVERY single weekend my freshman year of college. I'm several years out of college but come back here fondly whenever I visit Pittsburgh. It's been almost ten years since I started going to this restaurant Make sure to bring cash as it's cash only!" I would not have had a problem had the counter girl not lied to us.  Adhering to restaurant policy is one thing but outright lying to us is quite another.  I am a reasonable person and my boyfriend is one of the most easy-going and accepting folks I know; we're fine if you have to limit the menu due to lack of ingredients or time.  But to blatantly lie to us?  Guess what ...but it is totally worth the wait.  The sweet crepes are my favorite  melted cheese in a crepe is good. Know what else is good? ANY melted cheese from any breakfast place and Not having to endure this hell hole. I am just upset that I went there in the early part of my day and am now in a foul mood as a result. I have been in Pittsburgh a few weeks and this place is without rival the worst brunch I've ever had (PA or CA) So I recommend any of the crepes." No complaints about this cozy little creperie."  And will come to recognize you if you are a repeat customer. The ordering and seating routine is a little unusual. You stand in line and place an order and then get a number. Only then are you supposed to sit at a table. This does make sense since people cannot just sit at a table when there's a long line of people waiting to order. Just an FYI. The crapes are simple Like the waiter and waitress there  bookshop or breakfast joint. The charming feel of crepes  parisiennes tucked away from the rest of Shadyside proves my theory right once again." "Boom! I love this place and I'm a 6'3"" man with an appetite! Every time people want to go I think great crepes and Ill be hungry right after I eat but damn I am wrong with this place.   Breakfast crepe is my choice but they all look amazing. This place fills up fast so get in line order and grab a table. EAT!"  but I normally go for late lunch on weekdays and have no problem at all getting a table right away or my food coming out quickly. I avoid Saturday mornings here." Cash only.  I'll probably be back.  Check it out." Y7CBxIakjEK2OnU9uPaSpQ I will be back when I am in town." My only complaint is that I don't really get very full eating here. And it's kind of pricey for not getting you full. But whatever! Delicious. I really hope it's not closed."  mais certains des autres articles ne sont pas aussi bons que vous voudriez qu'ils soient. Je devine des thats pourquoi celui dans la place de mode s'est ferm."  but if you just think ""theme restaurant"" you might actually enjoy it." This place is not there anymore. My mom drove me all the way over there yesterday and it wasn't there.  We should have checked Yelp first.  I looked on their website and it looks like there aren't any in Arizona anymore. My mom was very disappointed.  to bad they left town. I love the cafeteria style that almost non existent now a days." 