"I hired Kevin Barnett 2 weeks ago to take care of multiple tickets for me.  I will recommend him to everyone I know.  His office is in a convenient location and he is incredibly easy to work with.  He has a great assistant KSy9KjeG0zuUWKNMgoMAQw  Mrs. Duckstein is the first and last call you need to make. Her attention to detail of your case  then go with Sonja! She will go above and beyond! I'm pleased with her services and wouldn't trust anyone else." Think you don't need an attorney? Shouldn't you know? Call her." I am a worker's comp and SS attorney here in Phoenix. I know Sonja and she is a fantastic lawyer - for both personal injury and criminal defense. She is very responsive and caring to her clients. I highly recommend her. "Sonja Duckstein is the epitome of a client first mentality.  Her work ethic is unmatched and her knowledge of the law including our rights as citizens is top notch. I trust to refer my family  and patiently answered my questions. They really treated me and my friend as more than a client and took a genuine interest in the overall outcome of the case. I can't thank you enough for your kindness and determination."  it's with absolute honesty I share this to save someone money and aggravation of ""shopping"" around  dedicated and truly cares about his clients.  Jason has an edge and intelligence that gives him an excellent perspective when working on a case.  Jason spent a year working on a family member's case and we are very pleased with the results.  He has also provided amazing follow up with any further litigation that can and has arisen over the next year.  I know that when I speak with Jason I am going to get the truth and not a false sense of security.  He knows how to explain things to those without law degrees while handling the court room and prosecutors antics without flinching.  He produces outstanding results and is well worth the money.  There were other attorneys we interviewed and actually retained.  They staffed it out and others always called or followed up.  Jason does not work that way and always was on point and knew the specifics of the case  there is no one else I would trust. Thank you Jason "Met Jayson today. He was great. Very knowledgeable and interested in the well-being of my family. He was really approachable and gave me the impression that he would fight hard for my case. As you speak to him 