 unpretentious Cuban restaurant is hidden away in one of the area's many strip malls. There are a number of items ideal to share as starters one bad thing... they make you valet... even though it is free plus tip a pain in the A We need more restaurants like Havana!"  I'm inclined to agree.  That won't stop me from putting some into my stomach as soon as humanly possible." ** Second word of caution: The bathrooms are outside and around the corner. Be prepared to feel like you are walking down a shady alley if you have to pee. Maybe fear of an alley attack is part of the charm. Just like in Cuba  I'll just head over to Asi es la Vida or Mucho Gusto Taqueria. Both restaurants are a lot more inventive the only major thing that was lacking on my visit was timeliness by the kitchen. we waited quite a bit for our entree; though i blame it on a large meeting held in the next room. i knew that they were busting their butts because the chefs himself brought out our food (without a ""this is hot"" caution). it was pipping hot enough to burn my tongue but the flavors still came through." They have really cheap Margarita Monday specials!"  although a little more casual.  The plastic chairs on the indoor patio on Greenway are a little uncomfortable."  and quality of Havana Cafe's food I will never return. If you must try this restaurant "I visited this place about a month ago for a birthday celebration.  I started with a mojito which was pretty tasty.  We tried the plantain chips and my son had the cuban steak while I had another meat dish (which I can't remember now.)  My daughter didn't care for the plantain chips which made more for the rest of us.  We were too full for dessert so we skipped out.  It came to a little over $100.00 for five of us so I suppose that was pretty reasonable.  The restaurant was pretty quiet on Saturday afternoon I would gladly eat here again!"  but I really respect its food.  The food is filled with flavors really brining the Cuban culture to through its food.  This is a traditional ma and pa restaurant that can open your eyes to new flavors."  but the food is definitely worth it."  but even then the prices are decent for an awesome meal with great atmosphere. Havana Cafe will always be my favorite place to go for great Caribbean cuisine."  but that's very true to it's cuban roots. Food is an event in this culture and is to be relished... not rushed. So sit back  I thoroughly enjoy their version."  o my holy ****! So good! Everything on the menu here is very well done. I have a good amount of Cuban food and this is one of my all time favorite spots. Good ethnic food is hard to come by in the Southwest and this place sets a good example. Heads up ladies  I recommend you try a night out at the Havana Cafe. I also hope you have the pleasure of meeting a groovy gal who goes by the name Irma."  it's the one with the fried bananas) the bean dip is out of this world! i usually take my friends here to eat and they all seem to like it. this is also a nice place to take that special someone out on a lovely date. it's relaxing and the valet parking makes it seem like you're a million bucks. hahaha"  the food looked and tasted like cafeteria food.  If you've ever eaten in Miami or S. Florida you will sorely be disappointed with the selections here.  I left questioning whether I went on an off-night."  but who gives a shit with this type of food and atmosphere."  always cozy and fun to stop in here for a bite.  The tapas are all perfectly spicy or fruity or whatever they want them to be - I usually order a variety every time I go.  The ceviche is great on hot days.  Also a big fan of the repollo relleno.  The desserts are awesome as well This restaurant is consistently one of our favorites and we ALWAYS take company there when we have them in town.  The menu is imaginative and fresh!  The staff is very helpful and prompt.  You must have the Calypso chips when you go.  The Carribean Candy Bar for dessert is definately shareable.  Try it!!!  right when they open at 11:30am. The pollo cubano is all I've ever ordered. It's soooooo good that I don't feel the need to try anything else. The pollo cubano comes with black beans  or any of the other entrees that sound delicious. We'll definitely be back." I will put Havana Cafe on the rotation of lunch time spots!" Wont be going here or recommending this place to anyone Like I said with so many good reviews perhaps this was just an off day. I'll certainly go back and give them another try yJr24Yy1K6bt2G9fX3_zPA  this is the best way to enjoy Havana Cafe!"  the crust was so thick and I though it was a tad rubbery but what turned me off the most was the grayish greenish color...........I wasn't going to eat these either."  service and ambiance were superb and the pork sandwich I had was amazing. Everything was seasoned just right and I left feeling very full. It is too bad I had to go to work after because there specialty drinks and import drafts looked great. I will go back for dinner very soon."  the negs were fishy smell and remarkable coffee. Pozs are great food "I've been to each of the three locations and I always leave even more certain that Havana Cafe has earned its spot on my top ten favorite restaurants in Phoenix list.  First time you go  but we will return when the craving strikes us especially hard." All in all a pleasant experience - I will return with a larger party sometime for the real deal!  Thanks again to Irma for taking good care of us!"  but so far I have only had hits with this place.  Everyone I've taken here has loved that food and commented on how cute the restaurant is.  Mmmm...thinking about croquettes is making me crave some Havana Cafe." Rice should not be soup.  Bad cooking period." Its Cuban and fun.  Where else are you going to get Cuban food? one of my favorites. But my absolute top pick so far is the Gallina Frita. Its just perfect. But there is soo much to choose from. The Paella seems to be a huge hit on Friday nights when it's only $20. Oh and if you want a potent drink that will make you giggly but not sloppy. ""Pussy's Painkiller"" Yeah.. I know..its fun just to order it."  cuban steak with sauteed onions with rice and black beans (I prefer the rice with beans on top  not one disappointment.  The food is amazing.  Be warned it's in enormous quantities!  You will take some home and you will be happy to eat it a second time no doubt.  I cannot say enough about how friendly the service is and how much they care about your experience.  I never knew cuban food was so tasty either till I tried this place.  Get a pitcher of Sangria too.   I must do if you are in the area."  they serve up paella! I'm in!" I still love this place but just disappointed in the dinner prices and my selection. I will be going again but for lunch next time." Caribbean at it's most relaxed."  coffee...all together it adds up but the meals themselves aren't outrageous."  I have not tried many of their entrees... I'm quite content to dine with others and share Havana's wonderful tapas... but one day I WILL try their Paella. A vegetarian friend said they make a veggie paella that was pretty tasty... and she loves their Mojitos just as much as I do so I think she may be right on this one. Can't wait to try it... with a side of Camarones al Ajillo and a Mojito!" I am looking forward to a return trip to Cafe Havana.  Deciding what to order here is torture.  Everything sounds wonderful and the whole time you are trying to decide you are being bombarded by heady smells of food from surrounding tables." This restaurant is a gem - I LOVED it!    I will absolutely visit again.  There are many items on the menu that I want to try...perhaps I'll visit a few more times  I can't complain other than I wanted more food....hehe!" Overall great experience." yJr24Yy1K6bt2G9fX3_zPA yJr24Yy1K6bt2G9fX3_zPA  i rave about the food.  I usually have the Pollo Cubano.  Its simply delicious.  An entree is about $20.  And worth every penny!"  because EVERYTHING on the menu looked tasty. i wanted to try it all  cozy environment. I'll be back here the next time I'm in town." Thanks again yelp for another push to try a local hot spot." In the poetic stylings of Guns -n-Roses."" I used to love her...ooh yeah.. but I had to kill her""..is my final word on this place." It was so good that We went there twice on our vacation. The service was great and the patio was an excellent spot to relax on a nice spring night."  definitely worth going for. I was really disappointed by the service. The staff seemed to be annoyed with our groupon usage which made me feel uncomfortable. The place itself is pretty quaint and nice. It doesn't seem very popular with younger people but maybe that's because of the service."  but you may want to call first if you are thinking of going soon. Will update when I can actually go!" The Rabo Encendido ( oxtail stew) I ordered  could have come from England it was that bland  the shopping list of spices that most recipes have in common for this had taken Labour day off.  really it was boiled meat on white rice with nothing other than the maduros providing the taste. I borrowed some of the sauce from the other dish to finish it as well as the amazingly tasteful black beans that accompanied her dish so it's not like they can't cook  and if you like Cuban food yJr24Yy1K6bt2G9fX3_zPA  suggested Havana cafe for dinner since it was always great.  Our food was not good.  It was ok at BEST and our service was lack luster- snotty really.  Then they cleared our plates before we were done and started to vacuum while we were still eating. If we were the only people keeping them there late   many people have never tried real cuban food so the restaurant will survive."  not cushy seats & I did love the live guitar music. It was a little pricier than I'd expected  it was very tasty and not too sweet like some I've tasted. For my entree I ordered the arroz con pollo and when they brought it out I was immediately happy that I ordered it. The chicken was seasoned perfectly and the saffron rice and white asparagus were all perfectly cooked. The portions were huge  I would be excited to go back again.  It's a great place to go if you are craving some pretty good authentic food in the valley that isn't Mexican.  Grab a $28 pitcher of sangria and/or a few mojitos  but the service was great and the one appetizer I tried was pretty tasty.  I'd probably go for the bean dip and banana chips next time We loved the live music and outdoor patio. Food was great. Very authentic. Awesome food and great service. I love to try different cuisines and this place has encouraged me to try more cuban food. We had the cuban sampler and the pollo ajjillo. The sampler was awesome. I would give 3 stars for the other dish. You must try the flavored sodas. They are really nice and so different from what sodas we generally drink. For the dessert we tried the flan which wad heavenly.  people had little kids acting up in the tiny restaurant and the tables are on top of each other  we left the restaurant wondering what all of the hype was about.  We will not be returning to the Havana Cafe given the poor value of the meal and the less-than-notable ambiance." They have a pretty extensive menu so I'm looking forward to going back and trying a few more things next time."  but I'm glad I at least tried it out. I'm also really happy that if I want legitimate Cuban food The Masas de Puerco was dry and I ended up with the burned part of the beans from the bottom of the pan.  The food is barely average and super expensive.  We had 2 appetizers and 2 main dishes for four of us (2 kids) with one soda and it was over $60.  Kids dishes are $9.95." TL;DR - Great food. Definitely overpriced especially on account of the shrinking portions. Shitty service. POOR mojitos (which previously would knock my socks off)." Can't wait to go back and try more.  The service was really good and friendly.   A must try if you are in the area." Our server was awesome and highly attentive. The fact that they have live music is also pretty cool. Overall yJr24Yy1K6bt2G9fX3_zPA So overall I would say the meal was a 3.5 but the front of the house being so rude knocked it all the way down to a 2.  Pretty sad after I had given it a 4.5 on my last trip." OH!  Their cocktails!!"  the only significant disappointment was the Pastelitos de Carne appetizer -- the pastry was nice and flaky But. . . how come the food at the restaurant isn't as good?  That just seems to be one of the mysteries of life that I have been unable to fathom after five visits.  The Kosher for Passover food is actually much better than anything I have ever ordered at the restaurant.  My wife really likes the place even though the location near us closed "I love cuban food! Arroz con Pollo is one of my favorite dishes and honestly Havana Cafe did not disappoint! The dish was delectable! HOwever... I hate  but feel obligated to do so. My friend and I called Havana at 8:30pm on a Thursday night (5/12) to find out what time they close. We were 5 minutes away. The woman who answered said they normally close at 9pm but since they didn't have any customers for the past hour I really enjoy this place...i love cuban food...my favorite is fried plantains and the black beans and rice...yum yum...i am obssessed with their mojitos...it is a little pricey but good food is worth it...it is different...the restaurant is very small and quaint...the staff is so sweet and nice and give great suggestions...  which was equally underwhelming and nothing that we could not make at home ourselves.  The restaurant gets an extra star for the wonderful Cafe Cubano and the extremely attentive wait staff .  I had high hopes for this place but the next time I have a craving for Cuban food "This place was great!!! Went there last night and had a great experience. We showed up at 9pm and there was plenty of seating inside and outside on the adorable patio with lights strung up and music playing. Our server was fantastic  it was way over priced.  And I'm not talking about a few dollars too expensive.  For an average dinner  so I can say this was mediocre Cuban food with some authority. Not bad  just to try some of the other dishes." I think I'll try some place else for my Cuban fix." "I want to like it more All in all I'd probably skip the completas next time "I was so looking forward to making this a restaurant that I could frequent often since I am a huge fan of Latin food. I invited my grandparents to meet me here for dinner back in March 2011. The inside of the restaurant is inviting until you realize that your chairs are those that you see at Lowe's for a backyard pool party....plastic? Come on for the prices they are asking averaging $20-35 a plate. Why plastic chairs? We started off with 4 mojitos and some appetizers. Platanos-fried plantains with garlic sauce. They were okay but found them to be more on the chewy side than crispy. We all had Ropa Vieja with potatoes and rice. I was disappointed in my main entree as it was overpriced for the quality of food that I was served. My grandparents seemed to enjoy their dishes but also were so engaged in making the evening special since it was the night before my grandmother's birthday. My bf was not impressed with his entree either. This is not real Cuban food and I can tell you this because I have a close friend who is Cuban that has cooked for me. get your passport and travel to Cuba through Canada and go have yourself some REAL Cuban cuisine not this crap that they ""call"" Cuban food. It is overpriced for all that you get. it got two stars because the service was attentive and staff was friendly plus the 3 mojitos I drank were the best out of everything there!"  plastic chairs and the food sucked!!!!!. It was like eating slop at some truck stop in the middle of know where. Come on $ 3.75 for a soda . I would not recommend this place to any one !" I actually think the plastic chairs lend to the "" feel"" of the place. If you have ever spent time in Little Havana or off the beaten path away from South Beach  and diarrhea that kept me up for hours. I have strong reason to believe this was food poisoning from the restaurant (given I didn't eat anything else last night) and I have every intention of pursuing a full refund."  and we were left eating in semi-darkness! Strange!" The world's slowest service - do not go here if you are in a hurry. The food was a miss for me but I don't blame the restaurant - I had the Pollo Cubano and the flavor was really bright - not really my thing but maybe I just don't like Cuban flavors. I did enjoy the rice and beans on the side. The server was courteous but so sloooooooow - I don't see a reason to go back. We came for lunch. My husband had the lunch special of the jerk chicken with rice beans and a citrus slaw. It was very tasty. I had the Ropa Vieja with plantains and black beans and rice. IT was absolutely delicious. The waitress was very friendly and very attentive. Our ice teas were never less than half full and she made a point to check in frequently. We had a Groupon and everything went smoothly. We will definitely be back. I will definitely have to make a return trip to Havana Cafe!" I probably wouldn't take a date here."  since this place is just so expensive  I expect my tongue to salivate for the next bite; mine didn't. It was merely alright. Desserts fared a little better: the coconut flan was to DIE!" Great food.  Great service. Loved the mohitos...just like in Cuba.  And the Ropa Vieja is excellent. You gotta hand it to those Castro brothers.  They forcefully preside over a country that has a pretty great national cuisine.  Viva La Revolucion!" The worst part was how all over the place the wait-staff was.  One person was like the hostess but was coming to our table throughout the night.  Another dude came and took our food order but was so creepy that i nearly lost my appetite.  Yet another person delivered our meals but again returned to the table at some point to clear a dish and then another person cleared other dishes.  We waited forever for our check What are you waiting for? Go now!" "The distinguished puertorican writer and  political advocate Lola Rodriguez de Tio in her 1893 publication of the poem: ""A Cuba"" said: ""Cuba y Puerto Rico son de un pajaro las dos alas"". (Cuba and Puerto Rico are the two wings of a bird). And for those of us living far away from our beloved Islands "I had a Groupon and went for dinner with my boyfriend last night.  This place is amazing!  We started off with the tapas sampler  and voila! Of course you'll remember to remove that non-microwaveable plastic film that Havana overlooked."  but certainly the best service and servers around!! Very happy atmosphere! Great place for date night but only for the environment. Still looking for awesome flavorful Cuban food. But yes great little restaurant!" "Can't believe this place isn't better-reviewed. Have probably been here a dozen times and never had an item I didn't like. Starters are always fab -- wonderful black bean and chicken soups yJr24Yy1K6bt2G9fX3_zPA  and it is not good enough to make me wanna give this restaurant another change at my own cost.   The waitress was very nice and attentive though I can never decide between the bistecs cubano or the bacaloa (salt cod)!"  and were early so it was not crowded.  The black bean soup was perfect. The rice was excellent. I would have like a bit more pork shoulder on my cuban sandwich. It was toasted just right with the cheese gooey.  The fried bananas were just right. The Cuban tamale was as good as always.  i could not figure ot how a Cuban Restaurant would not have any Cuban Coffee on the day we were there?? Oh well you can't hit it perfect every day."  but I don't know if that is for sure the case. The bf's pork was kind of dry and didn't have a ton of flavor. When you ate the meat with the rice and beans it was alright because the rice and beans were actually pretty good. We also got the maduras which were good  I love Phoenix's Havana Cafe for its intimate setting. The restaurant is comprised of a little dining room with mirrored walls They really need a refresher course on food handling.  Possibily over due for a health inspection too.  I was very disappointed in my experienxe."  and that if I were to eat there I would have to wear one of his awful red Hawaiian print polos with bamboo images on it that was two sizes too big! WTF?! So you'd rather offend me and require me to wear some crap Hawaiian shirt that I'm swimming in?! Mind you "Mmmm! Lunch for two here was great. We ordered several smaller plates and split it all. Every flavor was so unique. We devoured everything. The sun spots are tasty as well as the empanaditas and the tamale type thing wrapped in a banana leaf (I forgot the name). When we went Definitely going back." I love when a restaurant leaves me excited to come back and try some more  way overpriced for what you get especially considered you are sitting in plastic lawn chairs. I think honestly the food should cost no more than $10 tops "I had a really great experience at the Havana Cafe.. Everybody there was super nice and the service was great... I don't think our water glasses ever got to less than 1/2 full. The food was excellent. Price-wise it was a little more than we expected Wish we lived closer - it's not an easy hike for some lazy people in chandler." "My boyfriend and I have been meaning to visit this place for a year now and finally made it over to Havana Cafe this week. The restaurant is small and quaint  Paella de Havana and a combination of their popular tapas plate while we waited for the paella(45 minutes).  The tapas and the mojitos were delicious.  They really got my hope up for the highly recommended paella yet to come.  Boy  and of course Maduros Fritos!!!  I suggested the Chicharrones de Pollo for my friend who was unfamiliar with Cuban food and she loved it.  We came here two days in a row.... (sigh) I am slowly becoming addicted!!"  I thought the atmosphere was quaint and inviting however after we were sat it took quite some time before our waiter came back to us for anything. I found him to be unwelcoming and inattentive the 2 Hispanic helpers were much more courteous and attentive. The food was Ok  it wasn't horrible but i would not write home about it. It was my fist time there and maybe it was an off night but i would be reluctant to recommend the place to a friend or return simply because the service was horrible. I do how however like ambiance." But the best part for me is; you can not have a bad meal here if you tried  is an wonderful person and her cooking is amazing.  This is an authentic Caribbean cousine and it like being in the islands.  Love the empanadas and Cuban pork sandwiches." "Stopped by and I LOVED the plantains! OMG! I'm going to come here again and again when I'm in this area of town. Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because the table was wobbly Cheesecake for dessert. This was also very good - thick sweet crust and a delicious topping." "Any Latin restaurant that uses minute rice is horrible.  Havana Cafe is one of these places.  Overpriced  is that they are way over priced for what you get. Nice little spot to have a nice meal with your lady if you have some extra money to burn." ago could change for the worse so quickly." Oh and when they have the pumpkin bisque ... oh lord!"  I take them to this spot. If you like good Cuban food or want a pleasant and warm place for dinner and good conversation. This is it.. Happy Eating" "I was raised in Miami with a Cuban mother so I think I have enough grounds to say that if you are looking for good Cuban food...this is not the place.  The food was tasteless 6 of us mostly had a very enjoyable meal (one had an overly breaded/deep fried fish which didn't sit well) in celebration of a recent holiday.  Smorgasbord of an appetizer is a great idea to maybe help you make up your mind as to what to get for dinner.  Special mojitos from the bar were very worthwhile.  Owners/staff are very attentive and always seem to remember our names.  so now it's been 2 weeks since my first meal at Havana Cafe.  Haven't had Cuban food since last Miami visit in '05.  The black bean fritters were delish!!!  I had the Ensalada Savilla...YUM.  I did steal some of my dad's beans and rice Food is made with this lime juice and all food is covered with onions  I hope I made it apparent how unimpressive this spot is. Maybe you prefer pan fried peppers with a bit of beef and a side of... pan fried peppers." ***I actually filled out a comment card back in November listing my email address and phone number  the portions are small.   And fourth the service was poor.  I ordered the San Juan sampler then waited a very long time for a mediocre meal.  For $15 the sampler included a pastele that tasted like it had been defrosted; all mushy and tasteless and a few other items that were not bad but totally forgetable."  but my fried chicken was not very exciting. I will probably come back to try something else. My husband loved his beef dish. Service was great and it was a nice little spot for a late lunch."  according to my new Groupon I'll be back by November 25th."  REALLY???  Enough said!  I will not be back." Too bad because if the portions were better I might have been able to appreciate the quality of the food."  very bland and dry I had the San Juan Combination. The Rice was dry no season or anthing. Puerto Rican Tamal was hard and dry it should have been moist and flavoral. Plantains was stiff as a rock and again no flavor. Mashed garlics plantains no flavor. My husband had Arroz con pollo the chicken was dry crispy and no flavor. Just save your money. This food had no Pizzazz or party in my mouth. The name sounds cool of the restaurant  when she finally took order for food it took more than one hour wait for food to come  one at a time We shared the desert sampler and each had our favorites but agreed everything on the plate was delicious." We left the Havana cafe and bid adieu to the plastic chairs and the tasteless plates of microwaved sadness."  unless it's to order some maduros to go."  but when its worth it.  I think if it wasn't ridiculously over-priced it might have been a better experience.  I'm South American  it was very bland and the pasteles were a joke.  I would however return for the cuban food."  the leftovers were excellent :)" "The pumpkin bisque is freakin delicious. Took a pint home and froze it to eat for later! Not the friendliest of service  leaving the NE Phoenix restaurant the only one left."  we looked at the group of disgruntled patrons and decided we would rather take our business elsewhere."   service decent. Nice patio. Just drove by now looks awfully dark. Number is disconnected. Looks like the end. Sorry to see them close."  yum! Every food choice we sampled here was better than the last. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We used a Groupon and at first they didn't want to honor it 