Amazing stuff and definitely the best selection in the valley" Plan on spending a lot of time just going up and down the aisles though.  It is not a ""quick trip"" store." They close by 3:00PM." Well I looked online but wasn't going to drop $40 for 4 cookie cutters."  is very talented and knowledgeable and helpful."  I would seriously think I had died and gone to heaven.  If you are ever in need of anything related to cakes and cake decorating  and will be making another trip VERY soon!" Wonderful store and staff! Incredibly knowledgable and helpful. The courses offered are top rate and Heather is a fantastic instructor.  and purple metallic sparkles. Mission accomplished. Now on to make a purple i-pod cake. Not sure if they're going to let me use their photo-to-cake topper service to make a Silversun Pickups album cover for my ipod cake though. Bummer." Prices are reasonable.  I have found that most stuff is cheaper than buying online  I signed up for the Cake Decorating Class. The place has everything you would want on a cake. I was amazed. I start my class in April."  and too the point. Like my reviews!"  we used our new found knowledge to decorate our cakes we brought in." I can't wait until next week and to sign up for more classes."  but the staff is knowledgeable and helps make sure you get everything you need to complete your project.  There is no other place like it in the Phoenix area.  The product selection is more than triple that of any Michael's store and here the staff can actually give you recommendations rather than just directing you to the right aisle.  If you're a lover of cake decorating like I am http://www.carmeloricarde.com/my-cakes-so-far/" I love this place. I have been here several times. I find what I need every time. I do not and can NOT bake. But I love to buy plain cakes and make it my own design. They have decorations for every occasion. It is awesome! The staff has always been super friendly to me. LOVE IT! (Only 3 stars because about two weeks later I found a more decorative 14-inch round pan at a European market and the price was the same as what I paid for the plain-jane one...)"  cookie/cake.chocolate maker haven!  :)  Totally worth the 40 minute drive I had - it was packed when I got there and I did not experience one little bit of rudeness.  I arrived with my 5yo and after cruising the aisles for a bit an employee came by to see if I needed help finding anything.  Super neat place!  :)" I try to keep my learnings public on my blog http://www.carmeloricarde.com/week2-of-course-ii/" I keep adding the cakes I've been making to my blog. http://www.carmeloricarde.com/" http://www.carmeloricarde.com/about/cake/" I just can't say enough about the items here." Prices? Quite reasonable The staff is incredibly helpful too!   These ladies know what they are talking about."  etc. I arrived just as the store was closing and there were still a ton of people in the store. I really wish ABC would extend their business hours since they are only open until 5:30 during the week The only bummer about the place is that they close so dang early. So just make sure you get here during the early part of the day."  and I pine for this place everytime I walk into the place I now have to use.  They are always out of things I want/need  it would not be so highly rated and flocked to in throngs. I've only attempted to shop here thrice but each time I have been unable to find any of the things I had been looking for. I felt snubbed by the baking ladies who'd rather cackle amongst themselves about whose cardiologist was potentially worse than help a customer find a product. Instead I blindly searched and was waved off to an area where the items ""might be"" and when happening upon an ""out of stock"" label on a lonely shelf "This place rules. If you're looking for high-end  or gadget you could ever need at rock bottom prices.  I like to stock up on cellophane bags and disposable loaf pans (those brown paper ones) for holiday gift giving.  Sure  classes and more!  I love coming in here and just walking around to try and get ideas.  They can be a tad pricey but it's worth checking out.  I even found rose water here when I was making a chocolate cake and wanted to make a vanilla bean/rose frosting!! Yay cakes!" "I really like the selection of flavors here. I make my own juice for my e-cig and ABC offers a nice variety that help keep our vaping interesting. My only complaint about the place is their hours  mermaid cookie cutters and soooo much more!  They also had a great variety of decorating tips and large sizes too which I thought did not exist!  They also had wedding cake toppers that had gay and lesbian couples "Awesome place-- you can find just about anything you need here to get your baking done.  I love baking cakes and cupcakes and I come here for all my specialty supplies.  So much better of a selection than Michael's I walked in  and one of the girls stared at me. I said hello and she just turned around not even smiling. I then proceed to walk around the tight crowded store never once being asked if i needed help. The girl who stared at me walked by me moments later with another customer and just started at me. I found the staff incredibly rude.  when it seems to be fairly busy. Which means the only thing I'd really whine about is their hours - a 5:30pm closing time is a little earlier than I'd like  as the name states. I will say I did not however find many wedding decorations for cakes. Pricing is really good and I would definitely go again if I needed something and was on that side of town. I would not however make a special trip just to go there as I did last time." "Great selection of supplies. Good for both hobby and commercial bakers. I buy almost all of my cake decorating supplies here. Classes are great too!"""  knowledgeable -- anything you need they have. Hope you go there  I have never received friendly service from anyone else in the many years I have been coming here. I remember coming here when I was a young teen and it has always been the same. Luckily I just devised a get in and get out routine  and so helpful.  They have been willing to do many special orders to help meet my need.  Sue Jacobs Cakes has only the highest regard for this business!" Additional tip: they offer all kinds of classes!"  you will save even more.  I've been shopping from them for about 2 years now and I can't think of any other places where I would get all my baking supplies."  pans in every shape and size. But the best part about ABC cakes is the incredibly helpful staff. They are experts and will walk you through any pastry related question you may have. The prices are great as well  totally worth the money I spent on supplies.  The staff is always friendly.  The rows are kind of small so if the place is packed it can get awkward  cupcake related.  Went to five stores prior looking for the perfect cookie cutter.  Should have started here first because I hit the jackpot!  AH-MAZING!  Plus the staff was ever so helpful with products and questions.  Definitely recommend "i love this store! they have anything that i've ever needed for my baking projects. and i've been shopping with them for well over 20 years. helpful I've been here once but the prices seem very reasonable and the staff are helpful.  I'll definitely be back!  all sorts of stuff can be found. I love ABC because they have all of the supplies to make my baked goods look somewhat professional. Their employees have always been helpful with giving out advice on how to use supplies. I also like that they have an online ordering system "This store really has everything whether you are baking from home or if you are a professional in the business.  They can get busy at times Awesome store they have absolutely everything! It's amazing and staff is so nice and helpful  I've been here 20+ times since starting my cake business and not once have I found the staff friendly or helpful. They all seen to be running around in a hurry but not doing much. I have to hunt someone down to ask any questions and then they either don't know or don't care to help." One thing I wish they had was black standard cupcake liners. I bought them here once but haven't found them in stock since then. I called today looking for them and was told they wouldn't be in stock for a few weeks." Parking is a little crowded early morning Friday and Saturday cause it gets super busy."  baked goods and pastries you've got to check this place out; it makes the cake decorating aisle at other combination craft stores jealous."  I already loved it here.  Tonight I was given even more reasons to love it.  Thank you to the young woman that helped me and to the gentleman who was also working.  I appreciate the kindness as we sometimes seem to be running so low on that.  You have earned a fan for life!"  come to ABC if you're looking for treat-making supplies. It's the only place like it here in town!" Awesome place to find almost any baking supply you would ever need! "Great selection and variety for your baking needs!  The only down side for me are their hours. Baking is a hobby for me that I truly love but to pay the bills I must work I had shopped in the store a couple times in the past and was happy to visit again to check out the event.  50 years in business is a long time for Phoenix (gasp)!  Happy anniversary You can't get better than this store for every type of baking supply you need - and stuff you didn't know you needed until you saw it there. They have an amazing selection with decent prices. The staff is knowledgable and helpful. I go there whenever I'm close by! This store is awesome!! It has supplies for pro bakers to tools for first time bakers. definitely will return!  so she rushed to the back... Looked like guilt to me. But I did ask her name Very good cake store! You will find everything you need! Prices are a little expensive for some things. Staff use to be very rude and not helpful at all but the last few times I've been there they have been helpful and nice!! Best store on the valley to to get all your baking supply needs no wonder why their number one. 