Spinning.  Hardcore.  That about sums it up.  Give it a try if you want a workout that will totally kick your ass and leave you crying. This place might well be cited for disturbing the peace. On week-end mornings one can often hear the throbbing bass beat inside of other nearby businesses and even out in the parking lot.  The ambience reminds me of a low-rider with one of those souped-up stereos that you can feel coming down the road long before you can hear it. Seems like I've been front and center at punk rock shows that had less prominent bass lines than this place has on Sunday mornings.  but you really are missing out! If you like working out in a group without feeling like everyone is staring at you this is perfect because it's dark (with the exception of the occasional black light). Spinning at 360 is group exercise but like yoga it is individual with a sense of group support. It is drop saddle style This is active meditation; a totally elating Wow!!! I just took a spinning class from Ty and it was great! I had a knee replacement 10 years ago and have not been able to run since. I have done other cardio workouts but nothing compared to running. This class gave me that 'runner's high' I so enjoy. Ty is a sweetheart and very motivating. She uses a terrific mix of music too. As I tell my friends about Spin -- it's the one workout where you simply can't let yourself 'give up'....because once you clip your shoes in I'll finish out my month of Yoga classes next week and instead of signing up for another month... I'll find a different studio." I dont see how anyone can say a bad thing about this place I really appreciated the fact that Studio took my comments to heart.  This instructor was also slightly more fast paced  your legs moving and your heart beat way up. The yoga is in a separate part of the building and is very small space."  this is more PHYSICAL than I realized I could do.  The classes in the A.M. have the same poses and flows daily but it does NOT make it easier.  It increases my heart rate and has me pouring in sweat and sore the next day but it's not too much that it should scare off any other newbies like myself.  I'm absolutely addicted and really dig the instructors.  I will say I liked the studio the first week I went prior to the new decorating. Although the mural in the studio is lovely it just had a very modern and clean feeling before. I also liked it without the curtains.  Either way 6. It is fun and you'll be glad you came." I've been coming here for more than a year and would recommend it to anyone!"  I did my first class with at beginner and she was fine.  Just make sure you tell the front desk person that you are new and they will take great care of you!"  both types of classes are really reasonably priced compared to other local studios - not easy to find."  but most of them are if you are ready to work hard and have fun.  The instructors take song requests which I think is great because it motivates you to go to class if you know your request will be played and it makes the class even more enjoyable when you're jamming out.  I've been to other spin classes and have found nothing like Studio 360.  They ride drop saddle so there are is no sitting down on your seat except between songs for water breaks.  I've looked around at other fitness studios and this place offers the lowest rates for a great class.  Highly recommend." Thank you Studio 360." Best spin class I've ever taken. Been going here 3 years now and it just gets better!  but that's to be expected so it's really not a downside after all. I am a cheerleader for Spin 360. I back it."  it was the most fun I've had doing a workout. =)  Good job!"  but it is!  The music was really good and I had a lot of fun. The only thing I like better at corebalance was that you can wear your own tennis shoes and don't need to pay for special shoes."  that segment of the business ended a few months ago."  especially for a newbie but the instructor was good and it was a dark ride so I did not feel as awkward being new.  Every so often black lights turn on as the instructor amps the class up which is a fun touch.  The music is pretty decent as well.  I definitely got a workout in that is for sure.  The only thing I wasn't as much of a fan of was the fact that you have to clip in to the bikes.  They have shoes there for you to wear which is fine Spin cycling to great music with cool instructors in total darkness is awesome."  reliable (I've been to health clubs where the instructors don't always show up..not the case here!) Such a fun spinning class! I love how they keep the room dark and have the fans going during class. Also for someone who is 5 11 it's nice taking a class where the handle bars raise up high to protect your back during the workout! Will for sure be back next time I am in town!  instructor did not help the new students which is important when the spin class is NOT typical (I.e. standing the whole time She insulted me more than once and was mad when I didn't want to buy a $80 package instead of the $5 first ride. I don't care if there is a great deal Everyone is super encouraging and I will for sure be back - There was no instructor-led stretching at the end (vital!)"  they'd found my name. This time was just a few months later. This woman treated me like a grifter.  Said she'd 'do me a favor' and let me take the class this time but my fiance' would have to pay.  She continued to challenge me and I was ready to walk out.  I only stayed because again the instructor intervened but I will not be going back." Update: the owner contacted me to personally remedy my situation. She was beyond apologetic and eager to make things right which is exactly the kind of customer service a business should have. Changing my star rating. 