Love the studio and the family feeling of everyone there.  My daughter started ballett the first of the year and is having such a great time.  Thank you Regina and Jason for this wonderful studio.  Keep doing what you are doing!  and jazz from Regina.. They are some of the most friendly peeps I have had the pleasure of working with. They have a genuine passion for dance  gives this studio the hip vibe and technical knowledge that my daughter was craving. I would suggest to anyone to give this studio a try because you will not be disappointed."  no matter what the situation is. There is nothing listed in the paperwork that says you operate this way. I was accused of just not wanting to pay-how about I just didn't want to pay with THAT card? Money is not an issue. If I had the time I would take them to court just to prove my point." My kids have been taking dance classes at Encore for 2 years.  The classes are wonderful and the teachers are amazing!  They have grown not only as dancers but also as more confident children.  It is an amazing place! :) Regina and the staff are AWESOME!! Cassie is my daughter Agenda's dance instructor and she loves her ! Regina the owner is the sweetest. Highly Recommend!!  and even more so with Marissa.  Her class is extremely fun and an awesome workout all at the same time.  Don't take my word for it though Even if you just need active wear. Brick's boutique keeps up with all the latest trends. They have all styles  and the girl's huge bathrooms make it easy for my daughter to change into her leotard for classes. Dance classes are $70 for 1 class or they are currently doing a special where 2 classes are for $99. Will definitely be enrolling my daughter for next year as well." They have a new client special - $39 for a month of unlimited dance classes. It's a steal! I highly recommend taking advantage of it and stopping by Bricks!"  she has always had amazing teachers who are very interested and supportive of her.  Miss Mandy and her staff are also entirely focused on making the whole experience great for everyone...kids and families.  The studio is so cute Sabrina loves the mommy & me classes on Tues & Thursdays!!! Ms. Mila is great with the kids. With her warm and fun personality the kids always gravitate towards her!  and how much I wish I didn't live so far away....I would come here daily.  I just loved it!!!  I hope I can find a class near me just like this.  "My daughter and I are loving this place! So many class options and the teachers are great as well as engaged! No hefty enrollment fees "This dance studio has a great balance between teaching the techniques of dancing  Arizona Sunrays is a great place to bring your kids.  I also love their Parents Night Out and $5 Sunday open gym!" Just took my 2 yr old daughter this morning for her very first dance class. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating (bringing out tap shoes for us to try since it was our first visit) and my daughter had a blast!  We're both excited to go back next week. ;) "My daughters went here for yet another trial class - Tumbling and pre-k gymnastics.   The facility had a cramped waiting area but free wi-fi (yay!).  My daughter's beginning tumbling class were co-ed and had mostly pre-teen/teen girls which my daughter was not normally used to. Nevertheless Jumping Genie (?) is the gymnastic instructor and makes it fast paced. It took some adjustment for my boy to get used to Classes - engaging for the kids!" I went to Sunrays for close to 6 years and every year was more and more enjoyable! The coaches are top quality and are fun and love to what they do! The facility is as clean as a gym could be and it is a great place for kids to learn both a new sport as well as other skills helpful for coordination and balance.  and no one is returning my messages. We wanted to sign our child up after hearing such good things."  I couldn't get back to pick them up until the end of the afternoon program) they were so kind and accommodating and made my children feel loved and well taken care of until I could get back to collect them. If my kids had to be stranded somewhere this would definitely be their first choice of where to get stuck!" Thank you crew for being an amazingly talented and gifted group of thoughtful and experienced gymnasts.  Esther loves her gymnastics classes and collectively your organization has assisted in the development of my four year olds' talent for the sport. Teacher Kim and staff thank you!  And thank you for finding a gym in Ventura County for us!  as well as currently attending. Everyone here has a great positive energy  and don't seem to care whether they turn away new clients or customers because they are more interested in money.  Gold Metal Gymnastics in Chandler  swim and karate all at the same place? My daughter has been coming here for a few years and loves it. This year I decided to take my son who is autistic for the first time and I am so glad I did! This staff is amazing with kids who are special needs! They have been very accommodating "This review is for anyone considering transferring or having their daughter move into the gymnastics team.  We joined this gym after we moved to town and had heard good things about their gymnastics program. This is only the case if your daughter has been going to this gym since she was little.  If you are an outsider "Words could never express just how wonderful Arizona Sunrays is. They have literately changed our kids lives. Both of our kids were born with hypotonia and you would never know it. Thanks to the amazing staff "I started my daughter here at 4yrs old after attending another gymnastics organization in town. I immediately saw a difference in the teaching of skills. They also put her on the ""developmental"" track which I really didn't know the difference of at the time. My daughter showed early talent Everyone is so nice and they are really patient. My almost two year old is learning so many great skills. He loves the baby dance class and tumble tots is a blessing when you're trying to teach structure. The open gym is an inexpensive and fun way to beat the heat and it's better than going to the park! I love this place!  and this is by far the most developmentally appropriate facility for children in sports that I have found. Both of my children absolutely love their classes. What an awesome place!"  is very enthusiastic and you can tell she really cares about instilling good form while building the fundamentals of gymnastics in her students. I highly recommend this school for kids 2 years and above!" "Great place for every age group. Experienced coaches 