PS: Whatever happened to the ""no bottles or glassware on the dance floor"" rule?  I guess they only enforce that at ""classy"" establishments."  it was a good experience and a fun time."  & it's not like anyone cares how you look out there because it's truly just a fun atmosphere. While I wouldn't suggest hanging out in the creepy downstairs area  because I'm sure someone will get offended... I am in no way racist and I would have LOVED to stay and party with everyone. The only reason we left was because we felt entirely So it's worth checking out...you won't find me there  but still like to let loose once or twice a year.  (And then pay for it the next day.)" "i always have a good time at the bfast club and i find it best to go with a group of friends.  Friday nights they have dollar domestics so you can't really go wrong ordering a 6 pack for $6.  I like to grab a table downstairs to start the night off and am usually lured upstairs to dance around to some song within 30 minutes.  The overall atmosphere Everyone looks ridiculous when they dance to 80's music.  So if you're accustomed (like I am) of looking ridiculous when you dance  always mixing a mean drink and were a great laugh.  The place had a cool relaxed feel to it which is what I look for in a regular late night hangout.  Like the soft sweater you've washed a million times The ONLY redeeming quality (hence the two-stars) was the music and the theme of the venue itself. Unfortunately that wasn't enough to save them in my eyes This is another spot I can't wait to get to when I come back to Charlotte next year!"  even if you're not an 80's aficionado you will find one song to love. Granted Can't really go wrong if you are looking for nostalgic moments and dancing."  I felt right at home. My only complaint is I felt like an old head cuz of all the babies in there and the drink prices were stupid but they weren't stingy with the liquor. the club has a nice layout though  where did I put my blue eyeshadow?"  and they said to email the contact on the ticket and appeal it and you don't have to pay. What a pain. But the dancing was fun!"  Im not a stranger to a good time on the dance floor and this place made me feel at home. ;) I liked the permanent 80's theme-some places only have an ""80's night""   Lots of room on the dance floor even though it still got a little HOT.  cool decor videos playing too."  which is totally awesome 80s and cheap ass drinks away from the frattiness of uptown. Don't be scared  Breakfast Club is a must visit...even if just once per year!"  so I am little biased because I am a breakdancer and finally got to meet a bunch of dancers for once. They all actually embraced me as soon as I started to boogie which was cool.  Its a great scene.  The mix in the crowd is from 21-50 which makes it a good time to mess with the cougars.  The mixed drinks are strong "Best and worst bar in Charlotte PS. They don't even really serve breakfast.  They should think about it Im an 80S junkie so this place was AWESOME! The decor shoots you back to the 80s with the music playing and music videos on the tv's its great. Got there around 10 and it was pretty dead but my husband and I still enjoyed conversation and drinks at the bar. It did get a bit busier as the night went on but by no means was it crowded. The different levels are fun and the bathrooms were clean and accessible. I will definitely be coming back here when I am in town again.  not the safest place in town."  perfectly made fries.  Their Mojitos and Caipirinhas are the very best in town...dinner seemed a bit overpriced  this place is great." "The food is always good.  The service is always spotty from one visit to the next.  Pick your visits well.  When they start cranking the salsa upstairs  check out the dance floor (after a few drinks  night or day. Charlotte needs more places with so much character." AVOID THIS RESTAURANT!!  AVOID AQUAVINA!!"  but restaurant closed on 08 15 2009.  I always wanted to try this place There is a large podium with no cover that smoking is allowed outside." "My absolute FAV shot is the ***T-Bomb***!   It's Ciclon and Red Bull.  Gotta try it  so you can sit upstairs and watch the crowd from above. Decent music and great wings (i think they still have wing night). Its hard to move through the crowd later so get there early and get to know your bartenders. I fully second the T-Bombs!"  especially from the second floor. The second floor bar tends to be less crowded which equals faster drinks. It can get really crowded so hold onto your friends when wandering around. Good weekly specials Note of caution: it takes forever just to get in since the line gets really long unless you go a little earlier in the night.  Other than that though Drink selection is decent. Come for the unique bar setting I'd never wait in line or pay cover to get inside though..." A couple of minor thoughs:  The second floor of brothers looks down on the dance floor like a giant balcony  the bar wasn't close to capacity but I got stuck waiting in a long line (I don't know why). When I finally got in  your drinks are actually kind of expensive for weekend specials in Champaign.  Going to other bars is nice because you can sit  and all those hilarious 80s/90s songs that you never thought you'd hear again.  There was no dance floor - the whole FLOOR could be a dance floor if you staked out your claim early enough.  You could creepily watch people from the top floor; it was a great place to spy on your ex Cheers to $1 drinks and getting good and drunk for the cost of 2 drinks back home!"  then inside there's a couple of staircases to get up to the 2nd balcony level.  My friends and I have fallen many a time on our way down the stairs.  Oops!" It appears the same though: be prepared for the longest line ever "Can't go wrong with Brothers. Large airy bar that seems to be a great place to catch a game. Not as good as the Iowa location Seriously. Amazing specials on a Saturday night. Friendly bartenders that recommend new and exciting brews/drinks even when the place is crowded. It's hard not to love a place with that kind of attitude!"  and the douchiest douchebags fill Brothers shoulder-to-shoulder. I don't get why people go here just for the wings."  expect cheap drinks... assuming you're able to order them." Never wasting my time at Brother's again." Overpriced and dirty. Never had any good memories from this place. RcHfSp2qCW8DFwpmpuNv4A Just been there once. More like a sports bar and super crowded and not really relaxing. Have no place to stand or sit. Floor s dirty RcHfSp2qCW8DFwpmpuNv4A I like the lofted floor plan here. Beer selection is quite good. Prices not bad. Nothing special though.  this is definitely not it. But if you want somewhere to go and get hammered for less than $20 on a weekend 1j7xdgHkm-zU036o9EOUDw  and the highdive does not have its own lot.  there are no un-metered spots for miles.  the public transportation in champaign is not world class (and i really didn't want to find far away parking and hop on a bus after the long drive to get here)  actually.  It's a very tolerable and enjoyable venue.  I'd easily recomend this for anyone in Central Illinois to check out."  be sure to clear your schedule and hit it up. You won't regret it (and you might not remember it)." It's been years...but I loved going to shows here while I attended ISU.  Very intimate venue to see your fave bands play with good food and libations.  a great place to grab a cheap drink and listen to some live music." All towns would be so lucky to have a music venue like The Highdive.  I have to agree with Jess S. on her review; there are not many places like this in the Midwest Worst bar I've ever been too. Would never recommend to anyone. Pay $15 dollars for cover and expect a complete waste of your money. Never will come back. Ever.  my friend and I stood in the middle. The crowd is mixed according to the band; I saw some people get into the music while some just stood and swayed to the music. The High Dive would be a great experience if you were into the band. I know CHVRCHES came to the High Dive and I would have loved to go  premium seats are definitely hard to get and you have to stake out your spot early. There's almost always a special - even on the weekends so it never hurts to ask. There is a bartender here with impressive mixology skils! Like  at the end if the night it was left out to tender. Disgraceful! Anyone could have taken it!"  which provided for excellent seating looking up at the stage.  The bar stools as well as table and booths along the wall were all fantastic for watching the show.  They serve drinks in real glasses and the prices weren't horrible.  The sound was nearly perfect.  I would love to come back.  It's a great location in downtown Champaign.  There is a parking lot nearby  which means everyone is treated well.  Probably the coolest place to go clubbing - you can go as you are or wear your evening gown This place has a fun dance atmosphere. It's actually geared for the Gay community but on Thursdays a lot of striaght people go as well which is fun. C street is where the boys are in Champaign." "I went to Chester Street Bar on a Monday evening on finals' week... needless to say that the place was rather empty. In fact  and hot ones...so where do they hang out? I have another theory too.. that the really cool liberal towns are the ones that don't have great gay bars any more because if you're gay you can go anywhere and feel comfortable... we don't have to feel ghetto-ized any more... that's my theory."  and most of the staff hasn't changed much either even though I think Tom has fired all of them at least a dozen times.  It was almost surreal looking at all the new cliques and putting their ""roles"" with the roles played by my friends and I years ago.  I'm not 20 anymore so the trip to C Street wasn't followed by a trip to Perkins but instead was followed by a massive hangover the next day.  C Street helped me become who I am today and I still have many of the friends I met back then  and I am in the process of actually planning a trip back soon....long over due.  C/U is a fun town period.  C Street is a nice little gem snug in the middle of the city where people can be themselves & dance the night away to the best club/house beats."  and the cover is a bummer. Floor / counter tops can be sloshing with alcoholic liquid though..." "This is usually the last stop of the night whenever I go out. It's definitely one of the better ""party scenes"" in the downtown area!" Parking is relatively easy . There's always parking in the rear."  there are still the creepers who hang at the bar and there is typically cover on the weekends  plenty of other bars that would be happy to have my money. Cheers!" Edit: I will add that I still think the drag shows are worth the 2 hour drive from where I live. If I were closer I would probably go more often."  our community used to have a vibrant scene in town and I think it could again but not if venues bump 'our' night for frat parties and pull stunts like last night's." Packed. Lovely. The bar is full and the drinks are strong. The music is loud and the people are...well..cute. lol Or usually not. But that's just me. Clean the floors. Remodel the bathrooms. Keep on GETTIN it with the drag shows.  depending on the night. I'm a fan of the Drag Shows every Sunday night."  the artist was better. I also really liked that they kept spinning music after the concert was over to keep us dancing  enticing options for guests. Bud Light and Coors Light taste just as shitty in a glass as they do on draught." I played here once and thought this spot was pretty cool. I liked how it was layed out and all but it was not that great of a location for DJ's/Dancers. It's ok but it did seem to be a bit too small for the crowd. Had a couple of drinks and left.  Didn't even go hang around the under 21 section downstairs.  Just kidding  no one really in there....the best thing was the $2 coronas and the $1 drinks tickets i got from a smoking hot cougar in a BMW by the downtown sheraton one night." EmzaQR5hQlF0WIl24NxAZA "from what I remember (and was told!!) we had a blast here!  drank and danced after a suns game for about 3 hours.  Music was great for dancing....not sure about the comments here about no alcohol on the bottom floor 5 stars for the drunk females and 1 star for the place being so small! lol ;p It's 21 and over on the second floor and below it's 18+ they don't serve alcohol at the bottom.  they don't play salsa. This place does not attract a lot of people; it is small and plays bad Latin music. Don't waste your night there!"  so we left after 15 minutes and $50 poorer."  and they steal your ID.  How is this garbage still in business???"  watch out for this sleazeball bartender. He'll try to get into your pants by the most disrespectable means." "This place is a joke.  The girls that were handling the cover wouldn't give me my money back from being in that place for only 1 min...   They weren't apologetic at all... On top of that  which ended up getting me shots purchased by a group of southwest airlines flight attendants.  Seemed like a decent place.  Its right next door to 2 other clubs  Miami and Los Angeles. Call me crazy but isn't there ANYWHERE in Phoenix to dance. God forbid you go to Sky Lounge on a Saturday night. OMG. Downstairs is 18 and under and upstairs was pounding and I mean pounding bass with hard super hard rap and for att least 8 songs we waited for one danceable song..........nada.   Waaaah. So we left." "The staff was so RUDE! 1st door guy said we could come in for free anytime Fri night. We came back about 20 min later. Different door guy and some old ladies who would not let us in I think I would check this place out again if i get there earlier and have someone to dance with cause every girl I saw that got asked to dance just turned every guy down no questions asked! LOL" Bartenders will tip them self after you leave Even if you already tip them with cash!" Don't know why lots of people dislike this place for. I think it's pretty cool. I had a good time here. Upstairs gets a but crowded but beside that it's pretty good  music is really and that's what I look for.  had some good and some bad. Overall the place is okay with me. The 1st floor never plays any good music This place is awesome! I usually get the VIP on the second floor. Service is always great people are always friendly and there is always something happening there! From foam parties to all dressed in white events! I would definitely recommend checking it out if you want to have an amazing time down town PHX vip service needs improvements" EmzaQR5hQlF0WIl24NxAZA  we ordered a burger and it was disgusting. It tasted like horrible meat and was so over-seasoned. The staff was horrible. We tried telling them how bad the food was and they did not care at all. I would NEVER go back to this place again. DO NOT COME HERE!!!" Food poisoning alert!!  I am in town for the superbowl and grabbed a quick lunch here on Friday. Today is Monday and I am still sick. My wife and I shared a sampler platter of appetizers and we have both been sick since. We think it was the ranch dressing that came with the meal. Thanks for ruining our vacation! The first floor is 18+ and it was hip hop/latin. The second level is 21+ and it was hip hop/latin. The second floor was much nicer The days and hours of operation need to be updated it's definitely not open on Sundays. I would give zero stars if it were an option.  I would. I called to see if they were open on Thursday night and the girl who answered the phone had EXTREMELY poor phone etiquette. I haven't even been inside the place but if they're going to be answering their phone like that chick did This place is always turnt! I always like coming thru with my friends on Friday and Saturday night. It's also close to the D-Backs stadium and  Suns arena so it's located in a good spot! Great place to walk around and then hit the club with some friends and turn up! Definitely gonna bring my fraternity bros here!  it can be hard to find a good salsa dancer here if  you don't already know one. So salseros/salsaholics if you will be going without a partner you might want to try to find at least one good dancer to go with you so you will have fun.  Or if you look on www.azsalsa.net or www.meetup.com (check for Scottsdale or Phoenix salsa groups) there are plenty of socials and lessons where you can meet others if you are new and want to meet other dancers or go out with a group. The music is good but since I go a lot  and you're in for a surprise at midnight.  So get here no later than 11 and have a few drinks before the club kicks it up a notch."  I would be living in the alleyway behind Tranz. I take friends from out of town and occasionally go myself when I want to shake my ass. If I found a place better than Tranz I'd be there. But this is Phoenix Came here twice on 'goth' night.  Both times the place was dead.  Probably no more than 10 people in the entire place with only 2 people dancing on the large dance floor.  I just don't understand why they can't get people in here and even more puzzling is the fact that they are able to remain open despite the lack of patronage.  the DJ played great music and the decor is gorgeous.  If this place on Friday night is the only goth club in town  more. I really like this place. What sold me completely? The DJ played a reeeally good mix of music. I'm old Can't be simply re-told  given the right amount of preparation in the forms of black eyeliner and cheaper drinks beforehand  this place could easily hold a couple hundred. I and the rest of the group def. enjoyed ourselves because we were so many. Not sure it would have been as great if I only had gone with 1-2 people. But if more people start going it would probably get 5 stars!"  and we WILL NOT stand for it! The manager is a complete asshole and doesnt give a shit if you have a good time or not  and it would be enough of a reason for me to tell everyone I know to never put another cent into these people's pocket. But another line was crossed last night. I've played shows at a lot of the same venues as this great band Also? Maybe invest in some misters for your back bar-it gets ridiculously hot back there when it's packed full of people. It's almost as if this is a bare bones establishment. It's sad because this event is attempting to revive the goth scene yet the venue that it's at (which used to be Tranzylvania back in the day) just plain sucks."  Bartenders real nice. DJ's suck. We have patronized all the goth  bars in town for years and DJ's are getting so bad with music. I used to love this place "Went on the transylvania night 3rd friday of the month was excellent stunning club bar staff great plus djs were good I would like to come back to Downtown when it's busy and see how the crowd is. Maybe a Latin Night is in order!"  it's always so packed we can barely move in and out of the crowds of people... but thats what makes it fun... They have three different dance rooms with different styles of music in each one. Me and my guy love the salsa/bachata room. They also have a nice poutdoor patio type thingy... when the weathers nice its ah - mazing! I never pay for our drinks so I couldnt tell you how that goes I went here last month wit some friends of mine & we had a blast! I didn't know how to salsa dance but I tried it anyway lol....Danced away til 4 am...I will say the guys are not afraid to dance with u lol i love club dwntwn! the people there are amazing..it's always packed..i do the vip every sat night=) if you looking for a hot latin club...check it out 3 dj's 3 dance floors!!!  men were $10. Got there at 11 pm and had apparently missed the drink specials for ladies. Paid $17 for 2 beers and a mixed drink. Drink was good. There really wasn't a dress code this night. Saw girls in flip flops and guys in t-shirts. Only one room open  I'm used to a very diverse crowd in lounges/clubs so it was weird partying in a place with only one demographic... I love dance music so I dragged my friend over into that room  we parked in the empty lot infront of the club where everyone parked must have been 50 cars in the lot and got a 288$ ticket. We posted on downtown's website about it and they said that Club Downtown doesn't have a parking lot and it was our fault parking there. Total jerks. Didnt even care. The lot had no signs that we couldnt park there and we assumed it was there parking from all the cars parked infront of the club!" tK91rSBc8SWa3XEQwe8D4A 0VpsHbGLHDVKIKAi0ZliyQ  I've been a regular there. I'm sure if you venture there for afterhours some Friday or Saturday night you'll see yours truely tearing it up on the dance floor to some of the hottest hip-hop and reggeton around! If you do Fun place. Music is mostly good. Drinks over priced. Lot of hot latin guys. But its hard if u dont speak spanish well. N clickish. But becareful lots of cops in area.  drinks or retardedly over priced & the parking is ridiculous. The inside of the club only smells more worse then the urinal because the little tiny room they call a bathroom is 2x2! You can't pay me to come back there. I wish I had known how horrible this place was before I got suckered into going & basically throwing away my money." "Ihavent been here in a year. I used to love coming here but i realized the djs suck. Never play a request and dont know how to keep asteady beat. Its probably the only 18+ club for gay guys on the weekend next to forbidden or whatever they call it now. I havent been during bar hours cuz i just turned 21. The crowd is all latino gay guys with a couple of black and white guys. The outdoor patio is pretty big with benches tables and a huge fountain that looks like everyones been in it someway or another. The dance floor is medium sized and has a few mini stages in every corner. 5 bucks fridays and saturdays for 18+ after 2am. If u ask me hard up for cash look extra sexy so a cute Latino will buy your drinks for u duh!" This spot is pretty dope! Had fun and low drama! Cute little latin club. Only been here Sat nights and it's $5 cover past 2 AM. Good music but dance floor gets packed and not the biggest. Parking can get to be a pain on those nights too. A plus for the younger crowd is it's an 18+ club. Neat patio area in the back. Give it a try! "Very tiny bathrooms. Drinks are overpriced compared to non gay bars. I do appreciate the design  If your looking for a bottom boy this is the place.  Lots of fem Latino dudes here. Lol no seriously this place is crap I have been suckered to come here a few times for a birthday party and some other events and it's no fun the drag show is lame or the acts I have seen are the Dj is good plays some different tunes the a/c is non existent I think they use a swamp cooler. The bathroom is the size of a toilet stall and always packed that u have to piss in the alley where there is plenty of hookers at your disposal. The drinks are expensive  you can't help but hop on to the dance floor and dance the night away. Usually around 2AM the security lets the 18+ go in and the last hour starts popping but either way it's always popping. I highly recommend this night club. Everyone minds their own business and they just go to have a good time which is great. Don't like clubs that want to argue. A great patio as well to go and relax for a bit and go back in and keep on dancing."  pretty watered down and each bartender had a different price for the same drink.." Parking is a bit crowded; but you just have to park away from the club and walk. I don't mind walking though." Tonight we were DISSSS...APPOINTED!  They charged $10 because they had a Mariachi band on the patio...at a gay club...what are they thinking???   Interesting and entertaining (for a hot minute) perhaps but not a special event.  I hope this isn't going to be a trend - club was emptier and I can see why." This is a nice place if you like High energy Latin music. The staff is nice enough and the club has a nice layout. The patio is well lit and the air conditioning is only running (unlike some other AZ spots). Definitely worth a visit if you're trying to dance.  or not since it apparently has closed. So we headed back to Club Vibe as it's now called and by this time it was almost midnight. Once inside there was maybe 30 people in the place including the staff. The music was pretty good 8lMQrVQU-5iG9UA4KvcnsQ  blond hair chick.  Dry sense of humor.  Door guy is cool.  Manger guy is cool.  Pool tables.  Juke box.  Clean for a biker bar. Stage for the band which is nice.  I dig it." When we get Gigs there our band get's excited that is because the crowds are fun and it seems like we make new friends everything we play."  even though the top shelf here is probably the bottom shelf at most bars.  They apparently have music on the weekends and I can't wait to check it out...I will keep you updated; this may become my new favorite five star dive bar!"  but they service is friendly and the drinks are cheap. There was live music on both occasions I was in and it really was pretty good. I wouldn't say this spot or the patrons were too classy It's that kind of place. Enjoy."  kind of a hassle just to get a drink unless you always carry cash." "I think the people who work in this bar are some of the nicest you'll ever meet.  It's kinda divey but the drinks are very cheap and the band rocked (ReGroove).  There is a dance floor which is pretty generous "It's basically a hole in the wall that has live music.  The only problem with this joint is that you can't count on the bands or the guy at the joint that books them.  Without the band you're just stuck in a joint paying too much fit your food.  The regular customers are a good group of people and the staff has been there forever  keep a close eye on your wife or girlfriend. They'll be snatched if you're not careful. Lots of HOG members and other motorcycle clubs present. This crowd makes me somewhat nervous The bartender here had my ROFL all night. (FYI I was the DD so no alcohol induced hilarity) the live band was fun and talented guys who played crowd pleasers. Totally a cave creek road dive bar but the place is relaxed and not ber pretentious. I would go back.  and older but a fun atmosphere. Great band. Nice bartenders yet they let our empty bottles and shot glasses pile up at our table. I would definitely go there again and have recommended some friends to go there. Great date spot."  and friendly patrons; Which are 3 things I personally look for. ;) Big nascar bar  but the people seem really shady there 