 but still needed the viruses removed and the computer reformatted to remove all my personal information.  He made arrangements to have that taken care of at no cost to me  it was as good as new!!! they recovered all data and explained in detail what they would have to do while they had it. I also LOVE the radio show and their facebook page. Informative information!!!" Data Doctors locations offer great service and their weekly radio show is amazingly helpful.  Then all the problems or issues they discuss are archived on the Data Doctors website to get help at any time. Every time I've used them as a resource they've been remarkably helpful.  Data Doctors got right on it and we had a new power supply installed and we were back up and running within 1 hour.  Couldn't be more satisfied.  Thank you DD!" Too expensive and had my computer for over a month for a simple repair! Non-responsive staff. Horrible experience! U could find much better places for computer repairs....  on top of what I paid for them to figure out the problem (which they were unable to do)  and he said its very possible that I had 250 viruses on my computer. He stated that this other expensive scan would be able to find them and then if I pay even more money then they can get rid of them. My computer was not even worth the asking price of what they wanted to fix it. I then contacted a friend and I was referred to another shop that would look at it for free....although they couldn't figure out the issue either...they told me that I have absolutely ZERO viruses on my computer. The whole thing seemed so fishy.  DD also did not finish diagnosing my computer in the time I was promised and I  had to keep calling them. They didn't even start looking at it until I was on my way."  however after reinstalling computer my printer would not work.  The lady on the phone said they would have to charge me AGAIN for reinstalling proper drivers.  Really?  I will never use these people again."  scan it and e-mail it back. Besides the fact that I don't like emailing my credit card info for security reasons... How was I supposed to print and scan a document when they had my computer? They also said that they were ""on a different system"" than data doctors  when I went to pick it up they said it was $400. I refused to pay and they then undid what they did to fix my computer that was just slow when I brought it in  but the other guys in the shop are crooks. ... avoid avoid avoid avoid......" "I was at my second home in Phoenix this week and called Data Doctors about data recovery on an external hard drive.  They told me to bring in my hard drive for data recovery and they could tell me within 15-20 minutes if the data could be recovered and give me a price quote.  When I arrived at their office I was told they have to send it to their Tempe Corporate office and pay $59.99 to run a diagnostic and then give me a quote which the $59 Last January my computer was hit with a virus that shut down my security program.  So I took it Data Doctor's on 16th St.  I didn't get the computer back when promised and when I picked it up they talked me in taking their service contract at $24.95 a month with automatic withdraw. So every month on the 17th they hit my account for the money.   About four months into the contract I decided it wasn't worth it.  I stopped by and told them I wanted to cancel the contract.  I was told had to have it at least 6 months before I could cancel or I would be charged $75 for cancelling.  Anyway I keep the contract.  It's been a year since I started the contract so today I stopped by and waited  for over twenty minutes while the only guy in the store laid a load of bull on two people.  When I told him I wanted to cancel the contract he looked it up and it had SIX DAYS till it hit one full year.  The sorry SOB told me that they would charge me $75 to cancel SIX DAYS early and this is after they told me in May I had to have the contract for six months before I could cancel and avoid the $75.00 fee.    I told him I would be back next Monday to cancel and he said I could just call.  No fucking way I'm going in there and make sure it gets done because I don't trust them.  I think it is fucking ridiculous that they can't cancel the contract SIX DAYS early.  There is no way I will ever recommend them to anyone.  BTW the computer ran slower after I got it back then before I took it in. "Yesterday I posted scathing review about how I felt after I couldn't get my service contract terminated six days early.  Today Kevin from Data Doctors called me to let me know they had terminated the service contract in accordance with my wishes.  He explained why the office person handled my request the way he did.  That doesn't mean I liked it and all the way around it could have been handled better.  However  and it is now working fine again. I expect my kids will be able to continue to use this computer for at least another year or two. Way better outcome than throwing it in the garbage. Plus Thank you Robert for all your help!" 