 and on top of the latest styles and trends. The atmosphere is relaxed and beautiful. It's a great place to go to feel welcome and pampered. They have a great boutique with the latest accessories and top of the line hair products."  of Dean of Shadyside and other ""chain"" hair places I felt welcome and comfortable as soon as I walked in. Everyone who works there from behind the counter to those doing your hair are friendly Had my first haircut with Adeste and I loved it!  She is the best...I'll be back soon. This is a wonderful spa! They really accommodate your needs and are very attentive. The money is well spent and worth every penny! Very professional and yet so comfortable!  I will go back again and try a junior stylist. Parking is conveniently located across the street at the parking garage and they do validate. Prices seem to be on the high end for Pittsburgh but I suppose you get what you pay for! The salon is clean and comfortable. The staff is across the board friendly. Sign up for their email list and get offers for discounted services. Would recommend." Got an amazing facial here. I have been there for a pedicure and massage in the past. It's great.  nothing but a positive experience! Need the right person for your hair? Someone you can trust and make you feel like a new person? Go see Rachel I had an absolutely wonderful experience! My stylist knew exactly how to manage my crazy hair and she chose the perfect cut and color for me (I had a few ideas that she listened to but I pretty much let her have free reign over the appointment)  and I have never been happier with the outcome! I have heard horrible things about how this salon is managed and how they handle customer complaints. My dear friend right now is dealing with the owner of this salon. You would not believe how awful the things they have said and put her through. This is a small community - really poor business skills and treating people badly spreads like wildfire.  but the waxing was $20 and then they add automatic tip on there so it came to $24. There are many places less expensive or where you get more for your money."  the Spa at Ballantyne is pricer than some of the other upscale spas in the area If you are used to a special experience and you feel you deserve to be pampered and be made to feel good  I called last week to book our appointments only to find that the director is no longer with the spa. I left a message with the spa manager and after several days she has yet to return my call. I guess the good service left with the director." UPDATE #2 - spoke with the new spa manager and she promises a great experience for my friend and me. I will update. Update # 3...OK we went for our 'great experience'. It was ok. Massages themselves were good-to-great. Nothing else was improved. No follow-up from the manager considering the situation. I promise you that you can find something better to do with $175.  a shampoo blow dry and a manicure. The only thing I enjoyed was Brenda who did my body wrap she was awesome! My massage was with tym. He didn't listen to anything I said. I told him I am on my feet all day and I have back problems so I would like him to focus on my back and to please not rub my feet. He did the total opposite. He maybe rubbed my back for 5 minutes ad did my legs and feet for the rest and the time. Then told me one of my legs were shorter than the other and I should get it checked out. I'm sorry but that was so rude he could have tried to say it nicely. The lady who did my blowout was very sweet but my hair was still wet at the roots when I left and the ends of my hair was fizzy. For $40 I expected so expected something a lot better. Lastly I got a manicure I didn't need more than a buff and polish because I get a manicure once a week anyways. But I saw if I got an upgrade from that I could get a massage in that so I did. If I would have known that ""massage"" would have just been putting lotion on my hands I would have not paid the extra. The ladies at the mall do a better job. Needless to say I am extremely displeased with my services here. (Besides Brenda) Maybe because I am a service provider myself so my exceptions are high. But next time I pay $420 somewhere I'll make sure it's not here."  we could have paid less to a day spa elsewhere and a pedicure elsewhere We're always called back on time (sometimes early if we're there early) and the girls who do our facials are absolutely wonderful.  They work well and always cater to the skin type of who they're working on.  My only complaint is at the end of the facial I had a body treatment that left my skin feeling super soft after the summer. Pricy I am looking forward to trying some of the spa services next time I stay at the hotel.  I was jealous of everyone walking around in bath robes looking so relaxed."  but the meat is your treatments and your service.  In my booked you failed on both."  b c it was a great day out. I ordered lunch and the service was great. Waiters serving water throughout the day and checking in with me often. I proceeded to the spa about 40 minutes prior to my service & enjoyed the steam room and relaxed in the lounge where I was offered a complimentary drink  it was not something I expected at the end. It goes to show you that a borderline rude customer experience at the end can ruin the entire impression of a business. Additionally  sadly that did not happen. The service was below par and did not measure up to the quality of the hotel. I was not told about the facilities available "Love hanging at pool after spa treatments. My wife and I live a few miles away and use this place as a getaway.  We get massages I was very disappointed when i found out that i got charged twice and got 2 overdraft fees because of the spa and the amount was  different compared to the first time being charged also my bf got charged and it was a different amount too. I think this was fraud because they charged our cards different amounts without our authorization. I received a refund a week later from the spa after several disputes." "Great spa!! Had a blueberry facial - felt instantly hydrated which I really needed. They have a ton of options and really helpful I was looking forward to a relaxing day but did not find that here. They missed the mark on the ambiance.  Save your money. Overpriced. The Ritz is a better spa for a similar price range."  the actual spa therapists are great but the people running the spa are clueless! I've been to spas all over the world and have never experienced such a poorly run facility. Both times I have given this spa a try I left frustrated with the staff. Please hire some people with high end spa experience to make this spa what it should be. It really takes away from the experience when those running the spa are not experienced and have no clue how to treat their guests or create a relaxing environment upon arrival." I am a Starwood Platinum member.  I understand this spa is considered a member of the luxury collection with Starwood.  Services between spas are typically the same.  You pay extra for Ballantyne for the experience.  My experience was not up to par.  I arrived for my appointment at the scheduled time as I do for all of my spa appointments.  I was ushered back to the treatment room to change there and my service ended ten minutes early.  At Ballantyne your experience is supposed to start with a brief tour of the spa which ends in the locker room where you can put away your items and change into a robe for your service.  I am also surprised that I was charged for the full 50 minute service and only provided 40 minutes.  I could tell a couple of processes were left out and that the time was cut short.  That is what prompted me to check my phone for the time after the service provider left the room.  I discussed the issue with the desk and they suggested I speak with management.  I called the spa director who made no apologies.  She said it was a policy of there's to cut the service short if a client was late.  However I was not late and I believe at a luxury spa a client should be accommodated in the event they are a bit late. I have never been shorted on a service at any other spa.  I was offered a free full service to return but declined.  This practice is unprofessional and should not be standard for Starwood.  Save your money on amenities and go to a spa with ambiance and great service.  I would recommend Urbana on Carmel. Worth noting....I have been here before but several years ago They do charge automatic 20% gratuity on your bill. I didn't mind at all  be smart about it and use the other amenities. I felt like my money was well spent. I also like that they add the gratuity as it gives me less to think about  as we were  having pedicures we noticed 5 other ladies by the pool area?? So then at lunch we ordered wine and it took 30 minutes. One ladies lunch did not come until it was time for her service so she had to eat at the manicure desk. The last issue was the pedicure promotion of the month stated it came with a complimentary hot stone massage but the provider argued and said only if you also get the manicure.  I pulled up their website while on there and read it. She said they would make an exception. ..how is it an exception when it plainly states on the website?  The manager came over and also said they would make an exception. ..really?!?!  She later came back and advised their website is incorrect but they will honor it. I was hoping for a nice relaxing day (3 services ) but definitely not the relaxing day it should have been. Costs are too high for this level of service!" I got the spa pedicure and spa manicure. It was overpriced and the quality was less than a regular walk in nail place. I would not come back for any nail services and would not recommend anyone use this place for nails. My friend and I came home and immediately had to redo our nail color because there was no quality or care in helping us get it dry so it would not get messed up. It was over $100 thrown in the trash. The decor wasn't the best either the manicure table was peeling and the feel of it was cheap." Looking forward to coming back with my sisters soon!"  and like all the other reviews have stated a tip shouldn't be mandatory for a client. I tip based on performance.  My masseuse deserved more than my esthetician. How is this fair?" I have been seeing Sarah Clark for neuromuscular massages for over a year. She has almost completely eliminated headaches for me. She is very in tune to what your muscles are saying and how to address them. I highly recommend her!!  I'm finally home!  I went in (scared to death) for a style-changing cut.  I started with long hair (half-way down my back) and emerged with a sassy new shoulder-length bob!  Modern often gets bad press because of their rather expensive prices but service like this is worth every penny!  The only downside to this salon is that they only accept gratuity via cash or check.  For other debit card addicts out there  filled out the paperwork and in walks my massage therapist.  He brought me into the room and gave me my instructions and left.  I shed my clothes and slipped under the covers of the warmed massage table. David knocked and came in and began what I now refer to as one of the best massages I have ever had in my life.  He used hot damp towels on my back  one quick comment about the price - I know some people feel this salon is pricey. But for my cut and blow dry  or Debbie Nelms for waxing. Must see Tiffany for a massage. This little woman has great hands!" The staff are all friendly and pleasant. The spa (upstairs) is nice and separated from the more chaotic salon and registers. The spa's waiting area is comfy and quiet  FUCK GREATCLIPS.  That is all." There is a central desk that triages all Modern calls so if you are running late it is kind of annoying because you cant just call the location you are going to.  But the desk will let them know right away so it has always worked out....it is just odd that it is hard to get ahold of the your specific location.  Love you Modern!  I always leave feeling pampered and fabulous!  :-D"  and curly. So I found Modern Salon just a few blocks away from my hotel. When I first got there the lady that took care of me was very polite even after she realized that blow-drying my hair would take a lifetime. She scurried of to speak to her supervisor or maybe a more experienced stylist for suggestions on what products or brushes to use. Nikki came along and was extremely knowledgeable with my textured type of hair; she had an amazing attitude not only to satisfy the customer but also towards the not so experienced stylist I9S-4czHzMVfKejCiAuXag  I was pleased with the service (product-related) I received but felt there were some challenges with how the service (customer-focused) was delivered.  Not sure if or when I will return." BTW it's an Aveda salon in case you are wondering." When I got down to the parking garage and my ""validated ticket"" had only been validated for 1 2 the time and I had to spend another $20 to leave the garage. The Manager heard that was I was unhappy with the new girls attempt and sent me a gift card to their salon. A very nice follow up and great recovery. So I would say "I recently moved to Charlotte and have been looking for a good Aveda salon. I googled locations near my office and found Modern Salon. I was able to get an appointment the day of with a junior stylist. I saw Laura and she gave me an amazing hair cut for $36 (excluding tip). I have to admit  you'll have to be uncomfortable because the seat doesn't adjust. Skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure." "I'm hooked. I made a last minute appointment to get all over color and a partial highlight in an attempt to fix a seriously botched coloring.  I showed a picture and explained what I wanted and Laura and Val worked their magic. My hair look amazing and it came out way better than I ever expected.  Also This place is awesome and Gabby did a great job giving me the best haircut of my life!  Pay the extra few bucks to go here rather than get a sub par cut someplace else! Well worth it! Overall - can't say enough good things. Customer service is impeccable here. Would go back in a heartbeat next time i'm in town." Love Modren Salon - my hair is usually cut by either Kenna or Bezash and both of them are wonderful (especially with my difficult head of hair!) - they know what works with me and always touch it off with nice product. The rest of the staff here are very courteous and treat you well. Highly recommended.  and I reluctantly agreed after 5 mins of discussion and him pointing out exactly where my hair would fall after the four inches were removed.  He then had me sign I guess what is considered a contract that I would pay the $230 it would cost for these services.  I pay more with Modern because I am use to getting exactly what I want.  This time was a very much different experience.  He cut two inches off my hair while it was wet and then blowed dryed it before cutting the rest.  He was twisting it and cutting away I never have time to make appts in advance and because if that I never seem to be able to see the same stylist twice. At most salons this would worry me but I've never gotten a bad hair cut at modern! I live in NYC and I try to make it back to Charlotte as often as possible to get my hair done here! "Great place for a men's haircut if you're in Uptown! Olga does a fantastic job on my hair! A little on the pricey side ($31 for men's with junior stylist) but you get a nice little scalp massage and neck shave! Also get free neck trims shaves between visits  I came to Modern for a blow out before a maternity photo shoot.  The junior stylist that I saw did an amazing job.  My hair still looks perfect two days later!  The experience was also wonderful - they include a scalp massage and she spent a lot of time making sure she got every part of my hair to look right.  And she only charged $30!  Which is $10 cheaper than the blow dry bar that did an awful job the week before.  I will only come to Modern for blow outs from now on." Nice spot to find for anyone who needs a quick style while passing through :)"  they validated my parking but whatever they did didn't work in the machine and I was charged $6 to park for less than an hour. This results in my paying $15 I shouldn't have had to pay. I usually go to Modern at Metropolitan  who I have been going to for nearly two years. She does a great job with my bob every time and is super sweet to boot. Highly recommended."  classy and upscale. They'll definitely have you feeling like a beautiful princess (or Prince!!) when you leave!! =D" I booked a 12 pm appt at 10:30 am the same day with Emily at Modern in Hearst Tower.  I had a solid 2-3 inches cut off.  Emily did a fantastic job and it was only $25!  I've never had a bad experience at Modern.  Highly recommend. "Stephanie is amazing. Get your nails done here I've been seeing Olga for a couple years. Besides being a sharp  but I was wrong. Olga NAILED my hair color ( precious people played it too safe) and I loved my hair cut. Plus I was in and out within two hours for a full highlight and cut (once I waiting 4 hours!) Olga was very professional and I really enjoyed her company. She definitely sold me in and I'm looking forward to making my next hair appointment with her!!!" Their business is skin and it started out with Sharon's mother Hannah and now Sharon is in the business. Its a nice quaint place. Not as grand and opulent as the franchise spas but nice and cozy. Sharon explained a lot of things to me so I could understand what she was doing while she was doing it but not too talkative where I was unable to relax. She started out with explaining her background and than moving onto my skin needs and what she recommends for my facial. She took her time doing everything. SHe was so thorough with her massages and extractions I have been going to Palestra to see Sharon for a long time. The spa is extremely relaxing and welcoming. Sharon always does a excellent job. I always look forward to my next appointment. I  look and feel wonderful every time I leave. They are the best. I've had many massages and facials in my life  time and I would have to say she's my favorite!  Very in tuned with the body  the prices are pretty good and I only let Melanie touch my face. She is very educated and makes you feel very comfortable. I normalyy get the express mini and I have gone there so many times they know me when I call. I feel very comfortable here. The atmosphere makes you feel very comforable and relaxed and the facials are amazing!"  but Melanie made me forget wraps even exist! She gave me such a wonderful hot stone massage and was extremely considerate of my preferences throughout - staying warm Husband gave me gift card for facial. I have now been going monthly for a year. I receive compliments on my face which says a lot for someone who has struggled with acne for years. Worth the additional budget item!   and they are extremely knowledgeable about all products. I see Sharon and have always been extremely pleased. I typically go for the facials and chemical peels I've had numerous massages as well as chiropractic treatments but I've never felt better than after my first massage with Melanie. Extremely adept at alleviating pain in my trouble spots and she gave me some tips for improving my muscle strength moving forward. Highly recommended - I will be back. I came here following a student. On trial basis. It's kind a small place but very calming....havnt figured out why yet.  You feel spoiled here. I only get my hair done here but planning to use other services soon. I noticed that other clients as well get great personal services here. It's nice to see men come here as well. "Tracy gives the best massages - deep tissue.  She is hard to get an appointment with because she is so good.  But it is definitely worth the effort to get in.  If I could afford it "Jen Reid is an awesome stylist!  She does such a great job with my color and is the ""brow-whisperer""." Have been going to MCV Salon for more than a year. Always excellent service. Corina is friendly and energetic.  I always get a fantastic haircut.  Very well put together shop.  a hand massage while my hair was conditioning and an amazing cut all for the low price of $33! I already have plans to make it back. Thank you for being so wonderful!"  which is very high.  To not take credit card tips at this price point is ridiculous.  I was embarrassed that I have to come back with a cash tip for my stylist." "My experience at McV Salon was excellent. Staff is professional  I made myself home at MCV and have a regular hairdresser who makes my life easier and less stressful. Every four weeks for a trim. The convenience and little text message alerts and reminders that MCV send to my phone to remind me of my appointment are helpful. I have a tendency to forget or not write appointments down. Oh and Kirsten does an amazing job. Such talent.  Highly recommend" The only thing I don't like is that you can't put a tip on your card. Half the time I forget and have to run and get cash and go back."  I will NOT be going back to MCV again.  If my hair ever grows back to a reasonable length I have been a client at MCV for about 7 years! I've never felt let down; I always receive the best service and love the highly qualified stylists they employ. MCV really goes all-out in its treatment of clients; their care and attention to detail really shows. Highly recommend!  after some time certain portions of the service started to slide.  Also treatment to certain former stylists by the salon left a really bad taste in my mouth.  I now only buy my product here.  The last time I purchased my product I was treated exceptionally rude by the front desk.  She was completely uneducated on product and even more uneducated on the computer system.  I have been an Aveda Pure Privilege member for 10 years Updated review: Been waiting 45 min for my haircut appointment with no acknowledgment." "Friendly and knowledgable staff.  Always a positive experience.  Tip: Don't forget to arrive a few minutes early and grab a latte at the coffee shop next store before your appointment.  However "I'm basically an upbeat positive person...but some days I'm not my normal corky self. I arrived at Perry Monge flumoxed and in a bad mood--a special event meant that all nearby lots cost $12 for parking. Spending $12 for parking is spendy for a day in San Francisco...but in Phoenix for an hour? Please. I mentioned this to the poised woman at the check-in desk who said that next time I should park in the lot at their building where they validated parking. She then brough out a yummy iced tea for me to sip while filling out the new client form. I went to the bathroom The  massage before the shampoo is standard and more than once I've fallen asleep.  Once a couple years ago  and ""trick"" you into buying something you really don't need just to boost their commission sales. Jennifer hasn't the foggiest notion how to properly complete a man's haircut. She neglected to trim the sideburns "I absolutely love Perry Monge Salon!  I have been going there since 2004 and it has never disappointed.  The entire staff is friendly and makes you feel right at home.  Marina is amazing with hair...I only wish she could style my hair every morning!  The extra perks beyond an amazing hair cut are the chair massage before your wash and the hand massage during your cut!  I spend 75% of my time in Dallas and 25% of my time in Phoenix I'm still in love with Aveda and I'm now in love with Perry Monage."  warm) and the people who work there.  Patricia is awesome managing the office and always recognizes my voice when I call.  The facials from Brittany are wonderful and I get constant compliments on my hair.  Well worth the extra dollars for the extra care and expertise!" Excellent Customer Service...Outstanding Hair Cuts...The best in Town! "I love this place! The customer service is second to none. The front desk staff is always friendly and helpful. I have a great hairstylist I highly recommend Marie Luce Og03_vbBCVAFNHXgdflRLw  cut and styled my hair as well as plied me with champagne AND did my makeup.  I am not from Phoenix but if I was I would never go anywher else."  This is not your average salon where you go for just a cut. I got a hand massage and a back massage. The owner Perry is there walking around talking to all the customers. The ladies are all friendly! Even if you don't live close by this salon it is well worth the drive."  I used MariLuz (sp?) as my brow stylist. She really brought out the best in my brows  the stylist lathered on a lot of artificial flattery and tried to pressure me to buy a bunch of unnecessary over-priced random products.  But all that I needed when I left this place was a new pedicure--which I gave to myself with some drugstore polish.  Never ever again will I go here!  Absolutely horrible experience."  the work lasts and your hair leaves healthier than it did before."  and I always feel taken care of. I tend to be picky but vague as to what I want (indecisive maybe!!) but she sees right through that and makes my hair look fabulous  and the iced cappuccino is a must! This really is a gem of a salon Not easy to cut well and they always deliver! Little massage before your haircut is a nice perk!" LOVE this place. I've been going for almost three years... Jen is fabulous. Even after moving to Gilbert over two years ago I refuse to go anywhere else. My only negative comment is the constant upselling of products... but I'll stick with the five stars anyways.  color and lots of extra perks such as a chair massage  my hair was in a hair tie without even saying anything she just reaches and pulls a piece of my long hair from behind my ear -that was tied In the hair tie! (Which was painful) While walking along side me to her chair she reached to grab the hair tie and strip it out of my hair. I couldn't believe it she was being so rude i immediately put my hand up to stop her from doing that. I've never been treated that way at an aveda salon. Because of her rudeness I left and did not do my hair there. The rest of the people at the salon were nice do not get Jessica and had to pay a parking garage fee. What a waste of time!" Absolutely wonderful service. I have been going there for about a year or so and They treat you with the upmost respect and make you feel at home! I would HIGHLY recommend them for anything and everything. Perry is a respectful man while Marilou and I believe her name is Brenda create conversation and just make you feel comfortable. I wouldn't change a single thing if I were them! Props to this amazing place!  LOVE THIS PLACE! All the girls and guy (Perry) are always so welcoming. Jennifer is still a boss at doing my hair just right.. Can't say enough good things about this gem.. Love you guys!"  they listen to you and come up with the best options all the time"  all the changes of hair!! With it their iced cappuccinos make my heart melt! I love the service and many don't know but you can also ask for a mini-facial. Check them out...tell them Charalotte sent you and you will not be disappointed!" Og03_vbBCVAFNHXgdflRLw "I've been going to Perry Monge Salon for about a year now and have never been disappointed. They will exceed your expectations in every sense. Amanda does my hair and nails and I'm convinced she is a magician  and there's a reason I keep coming back! Everyone here is professional and friendly - I'm never afraid when I see someone new. The service is top quality "What can I say about Perry Monge Salon Spa??? The salon is fabulous and its a great experience if you are a first time customer. Everyone is super friendly and down to earth. Alma is the ""real deal"" when it comes to getting that precise haircut and relaxer. She is totally awesome and give you an honest assessment of your hair for services. Very proficient with African American hair!  Definitely check her out!!.... Alma you Rock!!!"  perfectly polished feet. I've been happy with pedicures at the spa at Camelback Inn and the spa at the Royal Palms  but  the pedicure I got today was nothing short of a miracle.  I would recommend Raisa's Signature Pedicure to anyone and plan to go back in a few weeks.  It was an indulgence  I fell so let down...I was so excited and the follow thru was just not there I am really impressed with management reaching out and giving me a better experience.  I will probably go back to Lucy because the facial was wonderful.  I still think that the spa lacks certain amenities like steam and sauna.  With that being said I am going to increase my rating of Red Door and recommend Lucy." Great service!!  Just ordered a mani/pedi treatment from them over the phone for my mother-in-law.  This is an annual treat for her on Mother's Day and she absolutely loves it.  This salon is well organized and professional!  And my mother-in-law raves about the quality and service for months. "I love this place!  I live out of state and recently called Elizabeth Arden for a gift certificate for my mother-in-law for Mother's Day.  I have done this annually for her for several years and she had always loved the service.  I must admit that I was going to go to a less expensive place this year...cut backs and the economy.  After reading reviews online "All I can say is I got my wife a massage package for Christmas last year and she hasn't stopped talking about it. She was glowing for weeks. The staff was awesome about helping me pick out a package in my price range without trying to upsell me. I would highly recommend giving a package as a gift I can't wait to get back this summer and have another treatment at the Red Door.   I just hope Lucy isn't booked." The service was horrible and I was just waiting for my bad experience to be over with.  For a $55 (overpriced) pedicure I expected way more.  Never will I go to this sleazy spa ever again." The warm 'bucky' on the shoulders is an added bonus as are the complimentary neck/shoulder massages (when the masseuse has time)" You'll be glad you did." I would go here more often if I could afford it!"  but the 20 minute wait in their back waiting room was boring and a waste of time.  Massage was wonderful and the only reason I'd consider going back  you should accept beauties of all kinds.  You can't be intolerant."  I must say I was quite let down with the experience and will probably not be returning. The one plus of the trip was the nail polish - I have developed a new love for Essie polish that I may not have had otherwise!"  very friendly and relaxing atmosphere. She said they offered like a small upgrade. I am real happy to hear that she had such a wonderful day. It was a gift for her and Red Door Spa came thru in making her feel special and appreciated.I want to say thank you to all the people that worked there on April 14." Best mani pedi ever. A little pricey but worth it. Miranda is excellent.  but I will definitely recommend this place to friend$$$." "I had such a relaxing massage here after work one day. They are in a new location on the second floor with a coffee shop on the first floor. Everyone was incredibly attentive and kind. The dcor and overall feel is very high-end and very beautiful and clean. Definitely a great place to go if you want to feel like a princess. Oh so very Scottsdale ;)) Definitely not a bargain It was so long ago I was there I can't remember the service."  and I felt totally beautiful. The hand massage with hot mitts melted away any tension left in my body if there was any. Her voice is calming and she moves gracefully around so as not to disturb your serenity. She recommended the Cranberry Enzyme and I love the product. I'll be back for more pampering."  the overall experience was dampened a bit due to the fact that the ladies working up front were not the friendliest or interested in my feedback.  It's also just as pricey as the local resort spas but the facility does not compare.  If you're looking for a full spa experience "Had eyebrows done and esthetician ripped my skin off in two places. I called and spoke to the manager Casey and she was rude and blamed me for it. I explained I have had this done a number of times and never had any issues. She asked that I come back in and I was seen by a different esthetician. I saw the new esthetician who was extremely professional and relieved the pain I was feeling in my eyebrow. She apologized and explained to me how this could have happened. When we finished she thanked me and apologized once again. When I was leaving  clean and upscale.  Skin looks great the day after my facial- extractions removed acne  she really listens to what kind of style I want every time I come in and always makes it look beautiful.  I recommend her to all of my friends. She is also a pro at doing Keratin treatments if you're looking to get one done I am not sure about the other services. But there is a hidden gem here. Lucy is an aesthetician. I strictly go to her for all of my brow waxing. My brows are a challenge and most have royally screwed them up. My brows should be the test for beauty schools. Lucy is seriously the brow whisperer. Go to her for your wax needs-- she is in a class all her own. This is the only reason why I give them 5 stars. Also the front desk service is always attentive and super nice. Marie was great! Thoroughly enjoyed the signature massage. Nice relaxing and clean space. Only regret was my limited time. Definitely recommend.  finally made my way up there and checked it out.  The staff is friendly The spa itself is quite serene and peaceful. The staff members are extremely polite  my eyebrows have been ruined in the past and Renee has been able to get them back looking pristine. She always takes her time and is extremely detail-oriented. I highly recommend the Red Door Spa! If you do decide to indulge in this amazing experience yourself Came here from LA to get my hair cut and styled for a friend's wedding and couldn't be any happier. Elise did a wonderful job. Thank you!!!! #friendly #professional #experienced" When you are done shop and eat at the Biltmore Fashion Park."  but wanted to go a more relaxing route the day of my services. She was amazing! I had no idea how tight my muscles were and she worked some maaaaajor knots out of me. I definitely plan on booking another massage with her again  I enjoy coming to the Red Door Spa once in a while and I always call ahead to make an appointment with Lisa. Cheers till next time!"  cut and style. I have fine thin hair that is hard to make look anything but limp usually....currently I have it at bombshell status. Additionally the price was very reasonable for this area. And fear of cost has kept me from this salon before. However  plus the 60 mins massage.  Love the location (upstairs).  Love the look of the place.  But the only thing missing was the bigger relaxation area and changing area.  Maybe because I am spoiled by the Wigwam location  with a robe a wrap and a nice cold glass of pure water. In walks Maria with a smile on her face and she les me back to the facial area. I have to tell you it was the best facial I Ever had in my life. She was extremely gifted and I would recommend any and everyone to try it least once. I got the advanced brightening facial and I haven't had to moisturize my face since. That was three days ago. I am over the moon happy. I've already scheduled my next facial for October 12 which is in the middle of spa week. All facials will be markdown "I've been getting pedicures here for years. The service is impeccable from the moment you walk in the door until the moment you step out. I've only ever been to Helen because after my first pedi  mani and pedi. John was great for massage. Had Sharron for mani/pedi -- equally great." I definitely will be scheduling with both Jon and Lucy on my return trip in November!!"  you will never go anywhere else!  Amazing service  and makes you look like a million bucks. Highly recommend!" "Today I had a date with my BFF for pedicures. It was my reward ( and hers) after a long week at Mayo Clinic. We were both looking forward to this and got up early Saturday morning for our treat. Five minutes into my pedi the tech cut my toe pretty good which I know she felt bad about  esthetician school etc.  A shellac manicure and spa pedicure runs about 100 dollars before tip to give you a sense of the prices.  Oh and its right next door to a nail salon that is unrelated and not owned by them.  Do not do what I do and walk into the wrong place  and dangerous!!  Manicurist cut my cuticle and then cut Herself somehow. Didn't see a thing wrong with it. No apology. She didn't put on a glove!! She simply said ""it happens"". Unbelievable! I do not want a bloodborne disease from a salon and if you don't either stay far far away from this place. She was so casual about it!! Also  Michelle runs a tight ship and everyone here extremely professional and sweet. If you want sparkly glittery nails that'll knock your socks (or gloves) off "I have tried many different nail salons and this is the absolute best one I have found! Michelle is amazing and I always leave extremely excited about my new color! Everyone there is very friendly and inviting "Cate is just the greatest.  Though she sometimes pops up on Living Social or Groupon Their front desk staff is less than incompetent. Make sure you have a plan B  or mani/pedi when I actually went in for my blowout with Chris! Also had high quality eyelash extensions done by Nia for WAY cheaper than what most valley salons charge! Absolutely love the staff and will be back soon for my deep tissue massage and rock star pedicure! :)" "Tried out Salon 3121 with a Living Social deal .....   the Massage with Caite was Great!!!  She is a skilled professional and wonderful at what she does....  go see her!! ....  Unfortunately the Mani/Pedi was possibly the worst I've ever had!  It was basically a $50 polish change that not only had polish smeared all over my skin  but definitely relieved that I hadn't paid full price for such a mediocre experience."  one kind of sloppy.  My biggest issue is scheduling - it is practically impossible to get a pedicure appointment in less than 3 weeks!!! It's getting to be ridiculous and I wish I was done with my Living Social deal so I can just go back to my normal salon where I can walk in and be seen in minutes.  Missing my callous removal as well... not a complete disappointment It's a shame because this is a place I would love to frequent."  I left a voicemail to schedule an appointment and I am still waiting to hear back (it has been 3 days now).  For a $65 pedicure this is not the pampering experince I would be looking for.  Going back to the salons that charge a third of it and provide a much better service/quality.  Sorry Awesome customer service. Great products. And most of I love service and get lots of compliments especially on my hair...my favorites are Elizabeth and Jessica :-) I almost forgot Kelli awesome Brazilian n pedi's I bought a Living Social voucher for 6 pedicures and I have gone for 4 now and I really like it!  Love the foot soak that takes the stink off my feet.  The organic products are great and I enjoy the hot neck wrap and tea offered.  The nail colors are fun and Kathryn does a good job in a short amount of time which is great!  Not sure if I will become a member even though it is a good deal.  I love the decor and Paradise Valley vibe. I purchased the living social deal for the six organic pedicures. I had a very hard time scheduling an apt. When I finally did get in the experience was horrible. I was expecting a massage chair or something similar but was seated in a hard high back chair that you needed to put pillows behind your back to try to get comfortable. The experience was strange because they use an aloe jelly that makes you think that you are sticking your feet in a big bowl of green jello. That part honestly was weird but not bad just squishy :) . The bad part was the mud and salt scrub that left my legs raw and red. The pedicure ended with them putting my shoes back on to paint my toes. It was a strange and uncomfortable pedicure to be sure but the lady who performed it was very nice so I did tip her. Unlike the front desk help who would rather be on their personal phones talking about Face Book instead of check me out in a timely manner. I wrote a review before but it was taken down so I'm hoping there isn't anything here that is too much. This was just my experience and I'm happy to say I will not be going back.  thorough-a complete experience...I'm totally spoiled by the technic and the staff! It was the most relaxing day I've had in a salon. I've booked out for the next 6 months." I got in for an appointment with about 9-10 days notice; I would recommend Jessica & would go back. I have had many massages and facials in Scottsdale and this was a decent Business CLOSED... no call cancelling appointment.  Very poor form - purchased a three pack of facial/pedi's and doubt I will see any refund :(  you can try contacting Michelle and see if she'll make good on your prior purchase.  Not sure if she's selling any new packages Well.  Got a toe fungus after my last visit there.  I really was not expecting it since they used the plastic liners in the foot soak buckets.  Have to say I am disappointed and even though the atmosphere and the service was good; this makes me only rate this business as average now. Ona side note the owner of the salon has taken the time to come up with and manufacture a 'Salon 3121' range of products. This tells me that the business is a passion not just an investment. Overall  has always been a pleasant experience.  Katie is a coloring master!  She definitely knows her stuff and I've always walked away from her cuts and colors a happy customer.  I know at least 20 other people who won't let anyone but Katie touch their hair...she's that good.  Highly recommend her!  Oh yeah My skin looked and felt great afterward!  I'll definitely check her out next time I'm in town.  Plus lauren is amazing! she even texts me to follow up a few days after my appointment to make sure i'm happy with my hair. i highly recommend her." Lauren is fabulous. She schedules her appointments on her cell at 602-435-6199." Annette Garcia fixed a major mistake of another salon on my hair - Yea Annette to the rescue. I walked out looking sassy and feeling better than ever. Then she suggested getting a new lipstick and the make-up lady found a new color that popped. Go here if you really want professionals that care about their work and how you look and feel! This salon has the most professional staff. Cynthia is my stylist and she is always on time and always has given me great cuts. I know my hair will looks its best when I leave this salon.  yet she always gets me in when at the time and date I request. She really provides superior customer service which I greatly appreciate." "The place is a nice backdrop for Jennifer ""J"" that does my hair. She is a fantastic colorist.  I won't go to anyone else.  Definitely worth the thirty minute drive."  the atmosphere and Jennifer's knowledge and expertise. The service was performed perfectly and I wouldn't hesitate to refer her! It's obvious that she is a very skilled aesthetician  I found this salon 5 minutes from my home and on my route to work.  Perfect location with a recent review for a particular stylist (Lauren) and her impeccable skill with curly hair.  I made an appointment and I am impressed.  She did an amazing job No establishment should ever leave a customer feeling that their business is not needed  I was instantly uncomfortable.  Its hard to explain what made me uncomfortable...maybe just me?  The salon is nicely decorated with an antique theme.  They use great products.  What I really didn't like is that I was in and out in 1 hour with color and cut!  Their prices reflect quality work I have been going here for about a year. I found this place online and called to make an appointment because they are close to my house. They scheduled me with Ashley Nelson. She is super sweet and amazing. She always gets the color perfect and the cut always looks great. I will not go to anyone else. My suggestion is to make your appointment in the morning as parking gets a little crazy closer to lunch time because its a busy plaza. I would highly recommend this place.  she is also the best at extensions. Great local business to support. Very convenient location no matter where you are located in the valley" I have been going to this salon for a few months. They seem to have good hair products but are a bit expensive. Great Salon! Ashley Grubbs does my hair and she is awesome!  Brittney for all skin care needs!  Really great place!  fine and there's a lot of it.  He makes it look beautiful with the cut and he's a MASTER at color.  I always get lots of compliments on my hair.  All of the salon locations are beautiful.  Great local business to support.  Go see Thomas - you'll be so happy!"  but she is great at what she does! My hair was a mess. I don't know how she did it "I tried this salon to see if I wanted to use them for hair and makeup for my bridal party. I paid them in full ahead of time. The woman in charge was hard to get in touch with most of the time. The day of the wedding the assistant was scheduled to be there at 8 am. By 8:15 I was calling her - she wasn't there and she didn't answer her phone. I called her 3 times and left a voicemail and by 9:30 she still wasn't there. By 10:30 they both showed up. Neither one of them ever apologized that they were late Perhaps you can extend some professionalism and honor your offer. Fortunately  now I'm at home I see it doesn't match the other side of the back of my head.  Ok....if this was Super Cuts or something like that I'd just live with it.  NOT Leiden Mitchell....I guess with a Groupon they give you a half price cut."  but Like most of us..she's busy! If you can't reach her right away just text her. (For groupon users her # is the one in the instruction box on how to use your groupon with her. Not the one for the salon at the top) Her work was worth the 5!"  and all of the other stylists and front desk girls are always really nice. If anyone is looking for a new salon or cut/color stylist  and she ALWAYS treats you so well. You can't beat a $68 haircut and blowout in my book. She is amazing. Go see her!" Definitely recommend!! I have seen 10 of the hairdressers (I live out of town so I just call and take whoever is available) and I have loved my hair every time! The atmosphere is beautiful and every employee I have asked loves the owners and loves working there. You really can see anyone - they're all so talented.  knows exactly how to give you the results you had hoped for - I went from very long to very short hair and she cut and styled it so well - better than I could've imagined!!! I'm 100% satisfied every time I go - I never have that feeling of ""Should I say something to fix this or that?""...I'm always happy with the results. She also is great with my color - always turns out exactly how I want/picture it and I'm always getting compliments after any cut/color/style she does for me!!! I highly recommend seeing Veronica for any hair service needed!" It's a great salon in the Arcadia area."  because she does a great job on curly and wavy hair.  I have lived in Phoenix for 31 years.  Some stylists have done good work with my hair but only when they blow dry it straight. Since I don't blow dry my own hair Ben in membership is great - go check it out and tell them Gabi sent you!" "I am with Gabi:) I have been a member here for 10 years.  This is a family gym with lots of activities for all ages The Village has a great feel and is If you're looking for a place to workout that is more than just a basic gym "I'll have to admit that when I learned of the $137 monthly dues I was a bit turned off.  I'm two days in on a guest pass and am completely convinced that at even 5 1/2 times more than LA Fitness  and if any of you yelpers are seriously thinking of joining and want some good karma  the word is gonna get out on this place.  Pretty soon we'll be waiting in line just like all the suckers at la fitness and 24hr.  Then what?  Besides $100 a month for a gym... thats just crazy talk.  Oh  i was invited by a friend and when i saw all the facilities i was very impressed. it is expensive but it is woth it." I think it's rather absurd that gym options in AZ are this or dumps like Bally's Obviously my massage therapist didn't show up until 9AM. That would be too bloody much to ask when one has a crippling back injury. Sure the massage was decent (not in price mind you). I just feel like my time and money are completely unappreciated and I absolutely will not return there. By the way I feel lucky to be able to work out at the Village. The yoga instructors are my favorite part about it - all or most of them are from At One Yoga. The equipment is state of the art & the facilities are very nice. Plus it has one of the best views in town of Camelback Mtn from the back patio/tennis courts! Village- I stay loyal and true to you!" I can't wait to go back and enjoy more classes.  You have got to stop in and enjoy this place.  This is place has earned the title health club.  It was absolutely amazing!"  tennis and there are loads of classes to take.  I like the zumba and the yoga...the food is nice and so is the pool.  There are always good looking people and it is pretty busy.  Overall one of the best places around to belong!"  and the men's changing room had an entertainment lunge with super comfy couches and a flat screen TV. I don't know that I'd pop a squat and watch the tube I left and now I am back after spending some time at LA fitness.  You get what you pay for.  I never should have left.   The place makes you want to stay and work out.  I never felt that at other gyms.  but what price do you put on your health & well-being?  For me?  Priceless."  even for someone who doesn't remotely consider herself a gym rat. Definitely take advantage of their free trial time to make sure it's the right fit for you "Don't let the comments on here fool you. I've been a member of this club for awhile and management of this club is only interesting in selling memberships. The people who run this club are the people on the basketball court. Let me explain. The club centers around the basketball court and everyone in the club is forced to hear the kids on the court yell They even have a lounge where after playing tennis for 2hrs. you can walk in & get a beer & order a decent meal..."  but little or no waiting for machines.  Classes are plentiful.  Great things for the kids." There are actually a lot of the amenities that I have not tried at the Village and would like to this year." Maybe I caught everyone on a bad day but I would suggest looking somewhere else unless you absolutely have to get your nails done um  healthy and you can definitely see that they enjoy being at The Village when they are there I have been going to this place since I was about 11 years old!  So that is about 15 years...crazy!! Just like Nadia said... The village really is a way of life and a lifestyle...Now it is not cheap to be a member...but that is up to each individual that is willing to pay the monthly fee.  I was a member before they did their huge renovation...there used to be a Garcias restaurant next door and that closed and they took over!  Their spa is beautiful...their restaurant and bar area is a nice place to grab a bite and enjoy a glass of wine...the locker rooms are beautiful and are very nice and clean!  They have so many classes and options for everyone! The trainers and instructors all have so much experience and they really know what they are doing...they have really set themselves apart from any other workout facility or gym...it is expensive but as long as you know what the costs are it is worth it...  you should also be able to feel gratitude and joyfulness wherever you practice.  So if you feel like some rock and roll yoga The downside for me was you have to walk past an open basketball court Definitely recommend the Village to anyone looking for a gym with many extras! It's worth the high price  The focus does not seem to be as much on quality as I would like for the money.   Some of the machines/ equipment are in need of an upgrade. Who wants to join 24 hour fitness ballys or any of the greasy chain gyms  equipment is gorgeous/new and it's relatively Centrally located in Phoenix. IMHO I think there are a couple of minor issues to this club but I think it's probably due to my lack of experience here and I need to adjust to this particular locations specifics. The cardio area can become very busy and you might have to wait for a machine because this location doesn't have as many machines as Gainey. The men's locker is gorgeous There are some people here who are in great shape. There are some people who are flat out awesome to chat with. The customer service is nice. I would club baby seals for some of the girls here to star opposite me in a romantic comedy.       However  it definately is not worth it in my opinion. From what I hear the poor quality is specific to this club. Other Villages in the valley are supposedly nice and a huge improvement from this place. They need to make some great improvements or I predict they are going to start losing several members." avoid this place like the plague.  you can find as nice/nicer gyms at 1/10th the price."  but whatever. I thought the layout was a little confusing as I had trouble finding the bathroom and there was no one around to offer me direction. However The Village has everything you could possibly desire in a gym. From tennis to yoga! The trainers are so knowledgeable and the group fitness class instructors are incredible.  The equipment is up to date and always available. This gym never disappoints. I have been to all the Village locations and they are all so great! Pilates with Julie rocks sR9lSQiTuBg8zsIw9Zd-Dg If you are looking for a top notch full service gym then this is it.  The amenities are great and the workout space is adequate.  The only knock that I have on the gym is the size of the weight room.  The cardio room has plenty of machines and the pickup basketball throughout the week is always fun.  and you can save a lot of dough going to LA fitness or another big box gym "Amanda's spin class is the best in the city!!! High energy advanced riders kind of class!!  If she wasn't there I don't think I would even be a member!!! Also "Great place for families The only thing I find frustrating is calling in to reserve space for Kinesis or Cycle.  Sometimes I call right at the start of the call in window and they are already full occupancy"  DON'T go here!  Absolutely NOTHING to do for kids under 14.  BORING!!!!!!  Basketball court is taken by adults.  Kids play area is sometimes used as a boot camp room.  It has no video games I had a manicure at village spa. Shirene Najm did a fab job. Well worth the $25. Ask for her! up 7.00. After a while I had to get to my workout classes earlier and earlier because parking got to be a pain. The weight room is crowded and had to wait to use weights and machines. The last year of my membership I was paying 145 a month  especially Thursday early and Sunday hour long class. Highly recommend the village even if you do not play tennis." The facilities are always clean and the staff is polite and professional.  This place is definitely worth the high monthly membership fees."  really thick head of hair followed by a pedicure with Rebecca. And did I mention that they give you WINE with you salon services!!!!  A little known fact - you DON'T have to be a member to use the spa or salon!  But membership has it's perks - you get 10% off!!" I think it's worth it and will continue to stay a member. Before I joined I read a review that said it's not just a club it's a lifestyle. I thought it was a pretty poxy review but now I have joined I understand what he meant and I completely agree."  and I've been going daily.  The steep price tag is worth every penny."  Tami is the best manicurist ever!!! I recently had a manicure and pedicure for a wedding I was in. I was a little worried that my manicure would chip before the big day because I am really hard on my hands. But lo and behold the polish not only looked beautiful for the wedding but still looked great 7 days later!!! That's amazing!!! And the pedicure sR9lSQiTuBg8zsIw9Zd-Dg I would recommend the DC Ranch Village. Much better!!!"  while a wise fitness and health restoring club it is not. Camelback Village promotes too much unhealthy practices and is simply not remotely worth it for those that have wisdom and understand what is going on. This place is especially scary for those with with impressionable minds like children and heavily western cultured adults and young adults. A place of this caliber should offer healthy The rest of the gym was absolutely packed. There were very few pieces of cardio equipment empty. I guess people in Phoenix have to get up early for workouts when they can't hid behind their coats all day like we do in Chicago." There is also an awesome bar overlooking the tennis courts...I could go on and on..." Have been members for over ten years. Great club and lots of classes and racquet sports too. The food service is decent and as a neighborhood club it is a great place to join. "I joined a few weeks ago and simply love it! The Pilates classes are so challenging- love them. Food- great! Pool-great! Cleanliness- cleanest gym I've ever been to! Can't give 5 stars because it's expensive  the basketball court which consumes the main body of the gym had to be redone twice (several weeks duration each time) forcing the fumes of sealant and dust to be unavoidable.  When the gym was fully flooded the drywall in areas was replaced but left to question if there were mold issues which they never addressed with the members to provide assurance.  The ladies gym jacuzzi does not seem to be maintained and is over chlorinated "I wish they would upgrade their cardio room. Their AV in cardio reminds me of a 1989 flashback. None of their treadmills have their own A/V... Even worse if you want audio you can read it closed caption because unless you download a ""radio"" app you are reading the audio on an old fashioned TV."  incredible facility and the food and spirits are better than you'd expect. Its a comfortable feel and although there are a number of notable celebrities and athletes "The family atmosphere rocks and it's a no brainer but three stars as the internet sucks. Don't even bother bringing a tablet to watch because the equipment has no updated tvs and such. No reception. Ridiculousness.   Cafe prices have gotten out of hand. What is happening here????  If lifetime fitness opened down the street "Why are there security cameras in the men's locker room shower area?  It's disconcerting to find this blatant level of privacy invasion.  Management simply responded by saying  and motivation was on point!! I'm super spoiled coming from canyon ranch and really hoping all the trainers and instructors are as impressive as her. My body was sore everywhere for next 3 days. She knows her stuff. I would wake up at the crack of dawn to do boot camp  we have experienced almost everything the Village offers. Free intros to almost every type of exercise Awesome club. Walked in and paid $20 for a day pass. Staff were friendly and welcoming. Outdoor pool great. Club clean. Highly recommend. Member since day one. State of art equipment. Great facility & mgmt generally ok. Great tennis facility & location. Just join & thank me later- you'll love it here!!!"  and Lucy and they all have done great jobs. They all were able to take what I instructed (for example Try Keiko and tell her Gayle sent you!  She's the bomb!"  I highly recommend him.  He's great if you can get past the multiple personality disorder."  I cannot get over how great my hair looks. I even trusted her enough to cut bangs for the first time in like 12 years. Good chair conversation and awesome skills."  I wouldn't have known about or tried this place if it weren't for reading all the great reviews on here!"  this is not your place. If you like fun and action and don't care so much if you have to go back every week because everyone there is so much fun I would definitely recommend this salon  :) I would say it is a TAD overpriced but its not awful **Disclaimer: I give Bobby -- himself -- 5 stars all the way!! The salon itself was good" I would recommend this salon to anyone visiting the Phoenix area!! They have fabulous male and female stylists I do not love the cut. When I spend that much money on a salon visit. I think I should LOVE it. I will not be returning to the salon. But for those of you who wish to  was a total of 9 minutes.. which was pretty cool. And the trim was free. Cant beat that." Salon Surreal is great because it's casual and offers great services at decent prices.  Go and treat yourself!  Also  considering that it gets such rave reviews.  I can't help but notice the lack of haughtiness.  This is a milder version of swank.  Everyone's really friendly (they even feed me tea & cookies) I was in desperate need for a haircut and I needed to get in a salon right away. I called salon surreal to ask how much a haircut costs there and when they told me $50 I thought that was really expensive but they were able to fit me in right away so i made an appointment. I usually pay about $30 including tip so I was wondering why they charge so much for haircuts.  My appointment was with Tasia and she was awesome. She asked me what kind of cut I wanted and I told her to do whatever she thinks will look good on me. Next step was washing my hair and she gave me a great head massage it was so relaxing I wanted to take a nap. Tasia did a great job with the cut and style and gave me tips on different ways to style my hair. She also showed me some products that I should use but wasn't pushy about selling them to me.  I really enjoyed getting my hair cut at Salon Surreal and now I understand why they charge $50 for a haircut. The stylists that work there are experienced and know their stuff. Though SS is about two minutes from where I live I would still give it my business regardless EDIT: Since posting this review I have received not 1 but 2 letters from my stylist asking me how my hair turned out. She also included special offers if I returned for another appointment. I appreciate the follow up. On the flip side Francesca is great & is way fun to hang out with.  All the other people in there are all douchey.  Anyways  I gave the place 5-stars because for the moderate price range it's pretty darn good.  I'd challenge you to find a more opulent salon for the same prices.  I'm sure there are some amazingly designed salons out there that are opulent  I mean how hard is it to cut an A-line and color a persons hair chocolate brown?  I decided to do some true research and of course used yelp to find Salon Surreal and booked an appointment with Julie.  Their prices are very reasonable cut rHtkiJVIT-AFexNcEQ1vYQ I tell everyone about Salon Surreal. I'm talking strangers walking down the street. It's just that amazing!!"  and Jessica is by far the loveliest and most friendly aesthetician I have ever had! She nearly makes the waxing experience pleasant :)  Definitely a place I'll be staying loyal to!"  the appointment gal told me that Heidi's next available appointment was in October...October! My split ends screamed and shivered when they heard that. So I asked her to put me on the waiting list and prayed to the hair dresser fairies for a miracle. And guess what?? True to the awesomeness of Salon Surreal and especially Heidi Definitely a place & stylist I will be staying loyal to!" rHtkiJVIT-AFexNcEQ1vYQ "Brandi did wonders for my abused and neglected hair!! I hadn't had my hair so much as trimmed in nearly a year! 3 inches removed  I know. I called a few places yesterday and I was lucky to get an appt at Salon Surreal for today. I showed up about 45 minutes early (got off work early) and had to make do since they couldn't get me in earlier. They offered me something to drink  ever since my previous stylist moved to D.C. She's so hilarious and outgoing--she tells it like it is. Plus she does a great job on the cut and is always sure I like it. If I'm iffy about the bangs "I have been going to this salon for my haircuts for almost a decade.....holy sh*t I am getting old!  I see Ann Gentle and I would not even know how tell someone how to cut my hair now that I have been seeing her so long.  The place is really nice and it has a cool atmosphere  my stylist Mandy didn't prejudge me and was willing to take her time discussing my new cut and highlights.  She had lots of good ideas and I ended up with really good cut and some new blonde highlights.  I'd definitely go back to her." I moved here almost 4 years ago and after a handful of bad cuts (picture the girl in 16 candles who got her hair caught in the door and a couple of other girls cut it out) a friend referred me to Salon Surreal. I've been going there for almost 2 years now. The first lady that did my hair moved and referred my to Stephanie Franklin and I couldn't be happier. It's nice to have found someone that understands my hair type (curly) and knows how to cut it.  make an appointment with Ginger Lee. She's thorough and discreet. She provides an array of services including full body waxing. As waxing goes My Cel to see how I was enjoying my color and blow out! Wow! Can't beat that service ! Will definitely be coming back :)" I was looking for a local place to continue my new obsession with gel nails.  A positive review on another site led me to Jillian Vaughan within Salon Surreal Salon & Day Spa.  We went with a dark navy Shellac and gel overlay.  Spring pastel colors be damned-my nails looked neat and super shiny!  She was super quick and the nails had a nice density.  They have grown out well and have not chipped.  Thanks Jillian! "Went to Salon Surreal for a cut and partial highlight-- it was my first time-- and i was actually very happy.  I saw Nicole and thought she was awesome.  Loved my cut and color.  Not to mention For those of you wanting a very nice pedi experience I've been going to Hiedi Hand for the past ten years and she is absolutely amazing. I fly back to Phoenix to have her do my hair because she is just that good.  Many hair stylists struggle with my color because I don't take well to lighter colors and cut because my hair is naturally wavy "Ann Gentle is excellent!  I just moved to Phoenix and was looking for someone to cut my hair and Yelp helped me out.  She listens I've been using Salon Surreal for over a year now and am very happy with them. I love Nicole R and have never been disappointed. I have long hair and am always afraid stylists will cut too much off but she listens to exactly what I want and always follows through. The price is pretty good compared to other locations in the Valley and they always seem to be busy. Definitely give it a shot- I don't plan on changing any time soon! "Hiedi is my stylist of choice at Salon Surreal. I've been a client for a LONG time ... let's see... 7 years. That's a long time in the hair salon years!  What keeps me coming back are the compliments I frequently get on my hair color. People are always asking me what I've done different. I really have no idea what exactly changes from one visit to the next. But I trust Hiedi every time. She puts me at ease and always knows how to change the color slightly to keep up with the season or my mood. She's fun to chat with This is my salon.  I've been going to Tammy Brunelle for ten years since I was in high school.  She always gives me a great haircut and color job.  I highly recommend scheduling an appointment with her asap!  and she never loses patience with me. She always wants to make sure I am happy.  I have recommended many friends to her over they years and they always go back too." I have been getting my haircut here for 6 years and cannot imagine going anywhere else!  We moved an hour away 4 years ago and I have continued to go back to Ann Gentle for the quality cut and the incredible service. Great salon- Keiko is my favorite and I know I'm not the only one who thinks so! She is so precise; I always know I will get a good cut from her plus she is so fun to talk to.  I love that they use Bumble and Bumble products from wash to cut to style. I always leave Salon Surreal and Keiko feeling fresh and amazing! Ann Gentle and Heidi H. are also great." I highly recommend Ann Gentle if you want your hair to have great color!" they did a fantastic job on my bodywave. I love it-still looking great months later. I love Salon surreal!" I have been to this salon twice and had two different stylists. First time I had Jeff and he was awesome but no longer works there. The second time I went I met with Nicole for a hair cut and style. Both experiences were pleasant. The salon has great hours and is very accomodating. I do think it's a bit pricey for what you get but I will go back. $50 for a 30 min haircut and style plus I tip $10.  there is no Shari Davis that I can find and I've given up. If I could afford to fly to Phoenix to get my hair done by Shari at Salon Surreal "One word: SHARI. She is amazing. She has been my go-to girl for the past four years. She not only makes it easy to have a conversation  although I hear many of the stylists are great (I'm just biased now)."  she's cutting too much off.. Omg more layering... Omg more razoring.. Omg this is going to be a disaster.""    Thank goodness it wasn't!  Like I said "I have a terrible time finding a good salon to go to primarily because I don't really like going and having my hair done.  The whole experience can take forever and be somewhat unpleasant depending on where you go.  I was pleasantly surprised however after visiting Salon Surreal and actually liking the experience.  I called I would highly recommend Laura McShane!  She took a while ""getting to know my hair"" and I gave her free reign to do as she pleased.  She gave me a modern haircut that is really low maintenance.  Way better than pointing at a picture of hair I found in GQ." **Quick Update.  I had my hair blow dried straight.  I got it wet this morning and now it is back to its curly self.  The cut is beautiful and the highlights are perfect too." I had my first visit with Audrey today. She was very friendly and skilled.  She made me very comfortable during our session. I would highly recommend her to family and friends!!!! Ok I think I am becoming a serious salon junkie.  I had Laura McShane do a Brazilian Blowout.  It is hot and humid today and my hair is stick straight and so soft and pretty.  Laura went out of her way to make sure I knew how to care for my hair after I leave the salon and made sure I left with the look I wanted.  Wonderful salon and service. "Ms. Lisa Stevens is a makeup artist at Salon Surreal. I'm a film and television actor in Phoenix and Los Angeles. Lisa has done my makeup a few times and I've been very pleased. Recently I've been to other places/people and my hair is just not as happy as when Keiko cuts it." So I am currently at another salon getting a color correction. Thanks for nothing."  Bree will be my to go girl from now on." "Bree is amazing! I had to get my color done on a work trip so I was extremely nervous trying out a new one time stylist but I wish I could use her everytime! She knew exactly what I wanted Laura McShane is a wonderful person and stylist."  the music was not very loud like other salons I have been to before. When my hair was washed afterwards it was relaxing and there was even beautiful relaxing music in the background. It was a fun days out!  I had some great hair therapy fun. And love my new hair! I'm definitely coming back! Thank you Ellie!" "I really love this Studio. Decorated modern & clean. Great vibe. I see Allison Hyatt and she does an AMAZING JOB!!! I have tricky hair and it's hard to get the highlights I want but Allison does it PERFECTLY!!! If you're looking for a great hair salon I can't say enough how great PCA skin product is as well as Kari. You will have to check it out yourself and believe me  it's worth every penny. Ask for Mariah - you won't regret it." In the past I have just done my own ombre. But I thought might as well have a professional do it. So I went to meg and she did awesome. My ombre didn't fade into the next color with out a line. When meg did it she did a great job making sure there were no noticeable lines into the next color. I love the lighter color she used because it's more natural. I will be going back to her!"  I am giving this place 3 stars because I felt like I way overpaid. I paid $60 for a ""just ok"" haircut.  I have been to several other salons where I get a better haircut for cheaper. That being said  I have ""cheated"" on her a few times - and went to someone else.  I was never happy with the results from someone else.  Ann is so easy to be with - and you have to like the person you are going to spend quite a bit of time with.   Ann has a ton of experience and you can tell she really enjoys her job.   The prices are good and she won't try to gouge you.   I really like the salon as well  during the setting time the color was leaking down my neck and face. It went through the cape and hit my clothes and my hands / arms. She didn't seem too concerned about correcting the situation. Furthermore my hair was not even styled properly!  I could have done a better job!!  Coloring is still coming off on my fingers even now. Never had this happen before. Avoid this place." "I have been going to Bree for over a year and every time she does the best job! I just give her an idea of what i want and let her do her magic  but it's been a couple of weeks and I still hate my hair. How on earth it is supposed to be thought of as a good job by the stylist who did it is insane Meg did my hair and I love it! I have been looking for a place to go for three years and I've finally found it! :) Meg Pesicka cut my hair and gave me straight across bangs just in time for my baby shower! I loved it! I have gone to Meg for years! I trust her whole heartedly and she's an amazing stylist! I've had her do cuts and colors; all of which have been perfect! Meg's your girl to see at Salon Surreal!  gave me her expert advice and then I ended up with the look I wanted. The haircut and the service are well worth the price!!"  and everyone was very friendly and personable. 4 of us had amazing updos and the brides long hair was beautifully curled. I wish I coukd remember all of names of the stylists who took care of us because we all had a great experience. Lisa did our makeup and added lashes- she consulted us each about our skin types and how much makeup coverage we were comfortable with. She did an amazing job on all of us and 12 hours later as the reception was winding down  very creative and always does a top notch job! In my eyes she is a color genius. I can tell her ""I want a chocolate cherry twist kind of color"" and BAM! That chick nails it every time! Been coming to her for a few months now and never once left disappointed. I wouldn't go anywhere else. Salon is clean I would recommend heather to anyone. She's done my hair off and on for the last decade and I've never been disappointed and I leave happy and feeling renewed. The cuts are awesome and last longer than any others I've had. I took a break when I had some financial issues but am so happy to have my hair in good hands again! Thank you so much!  everyone runs behind ) but apologized and offered water/ coffee. They made sure I felt comfortable and Maria asked twice about the cut I wanted because she wanted to make sure I was happy. They recommended products. The place was nice and clean and had a welcoming atmosphere. I really appreciate a business going above and beyond to make me feel so great about their services:-) I am def going back"  she was very kind and friendly and made me feel at ease. She was quick but missed several areas of hair that I now have to touch up myself. I hate it when that happens! I recommend  that she ask her clients if they are pleased with the results of her service before she leaves the room and tells them to get dressed. I still tipped her well but am bummed with the results." Love this place! I see Amanda and she always does an amazing job not to mention gives the best massages while shampooing. I am in the process of growing my hair out and get so many compliments on the cut. She does a great job recommending products to keep my hair healthy and reverse some of the damage I have done from constant blow drying. The salon carries tons of great products and offers spa services as well.   paying for used conditioner and the lack of accountability on the part of the salon to try to fix this."  Ellie is the master. I get a haircut every three weeks and it always turns out perfectly. Ellie just seems to instinctively know how to properly cut different types of men's hair. I had some hit and miss cuts around town  but I am so frustrated and so disappointed! After reading all of these reviews I am beyond let down by my experience and my hair- I hate it! I am new to this area and relied upon Yelp and the reviews to get my hair done. My first mistake. I went into Salon Surreal and spoke with the receptionists and setup a consultation for my hair; they assured me that the stylist was perfect to achieve what I wanted. I went in talked with her and she seemed like she knew what she was doing and was eager to do my hair. That Saturday I went in for my appointment and my hair color turned out awful! She apologized and said I could come in on Thursday and she would fix it at no charge but it probably was because my hair was damaged. If my hair was so damaged "This place is awesome! I drive all the way from Laveen because I don't trust anyone but Ellie with my hair!! Everyone is so friendly  I won't have a bad hair day for at least 5 weeks. Now that's a great stylist!" I have been coming to see Hiedi Hand for years and have such a strong level of trust in her skills that I sit in her chair and let her do what she wants; it always turns out amazing!  Even weeks after my appointment I get compliments on my hair!  Thank you so much Hiedi! Hiedi is the best! I have been going to her for years. She does a great job on color and cut. I was out of town and someone asked to take a picture of my hair it looked so good. Thanks Hiedi! "I've been going to Ann D. since moving to Phoenix over a year or so ago from Colorado. I was told about her from a client of my previous stylist in Colorado! I have always been completely happy with my hair-everytime I've seen her  and I always come out with perfect hair. I've seen about four of their different hair stylists since I first started coming here "My first men's haircut from Ty was fantastic. He was very good at finding out what I liked and cut precisely to that result. Best haircut in ages "Decided that after 10 years of super great cuts and color that it's time to do a shout out for SUNDY.... I have naturally curly hair (so does Sundy) which can be twerky and challenging. She's a master at cutting curly hair and has introduced me to numerous products to enhance the curl Amazing job by SHELBY! I was in town and needed a cut and color bad! Someone suggested Shelby here and I was beyond satisfied. I wish I before and after pics to post. I may be traveling to Phoenix from now on for hair appointments just to see Shelby. Without a doubt the best experience I've had with a stylist. I highly recommend her! She does an amazing color job! I got highlights and a cut by Kylee today. She was so great!! My hair came out even better than I had imagined and she really took the time to ask the right questions to make sure I got what I wanted. I can't wait to come back! ***Ask for Alexis!****" The front desk is great at their job--I have never encountered a mistake with them since I started going here. I also like the decor and the layout of the salon. This place is for sure a Phoenix gem." I've also had a massage by Beth who is AWESOME! Extremely profession and just a very good masseur. For nails  I told the front desk girl & an elderly female employee I would be leaving since the new stylist still had not shown up and no one provided me with an update. How long was I expected to wait?  The elderly woman gave me a weak excuse and was not motivated to try to resolve the situation.  Her attitude (for someone her age) was very poor.  I won't be returning & will share with others this very unpleasant first time experience.  It's amazing that some businesses still operate this way in today's day & age.  What a shame..."  I was willing to give it a shot and Donna turned out to be really great."  which I was not advised of when I made the appointment.  Attention to detail on both your hands and feet and time to relax and be pampered cannot be accomplished in an hour.  I was very very disappointed in the service received and would never even think twice about giving them another try.  Luckily I had purchased a deal on one of the Phoenix deal sites JjEeBJre3x_7kGdXiR3OLw "I purchased a Groupon for a shellac manicure & pedicure. Both services were performed by the self proclaimed ""only full time manicurist."" She complained about how little money she actually makes on each Groupon and basically threw a pity party. I finally told her I would have never visited the salon if not for the Groupon Had a Groupon for a mani pedi and unfortunately I did not research this place well enough. Got there in time. Receptionists were nice. Told me the nail tech will be there soon. I had to ask them if I should choose my nail color. The tech Diane or Diana was nice but not at all thorough. Could you imagine? I noticed that she did not go through the trouble of cleaning off the old polish on all of my nails. The hand massage was lame and lasted all of 2 mins per hand. I noticed when that my nails looked lumpy and I mentioned it to her but she brushed it off as that's how my nail was. Now I've been getting mani pedis for a long time and I know what my nails are like or supposed to look like. When I left I realized that she had indeed polished over my old polish! Wow! That was a first. I would definitely not be going back to that salon. Obnoxious clients and less than excellent nail tech. I think that Tabitha needs to visit this place. - Not as pleasantly clean as I have seen other places like my favorite 'Hand and Stone'.. Hand and Stone offers much more professional service  even the owner.  They should really not be in business.  There were no customers when I was there so I guess thats why they falsely advertise as a Hilton Salon and Spa when its really called Compliments.  Desperate!  A really terrible place."  I guess I just answered why ""Hilton"" is part of their name.  Not a great place." I've since noted that all other negative reviews for Compliments correlate with having purchased a Groupon.  If I was satisfied with my service. My nails still look fantastic (minus the white outlines)" Unbelievable. I would give it zero stars if it wasn't for the free tootsie pop in the waiting room." Do yourself a favor - go somewhere else."  AZ 85022) for charging $55 for a 5 year old's pedicure after quoting me a much lower price. That is obscene for an ordinary  run of the mill child's pedicure." "I have been through many hair stylists and can honestly say that every time I go to this salon and see Courtney it is a relaxing occasion with a professional that knows what she is doing and aims to please. I went to the salon for color and cut and had to leave without my cut because I had to run out on another appointment. Courtney felt so bad for something that was obviously not her fault and she made sure to fit me in within a couple of days. She is amazing. Also "I also purchased a Groupon when they offered it.  I was never able to get an appointment untill after the expiration date of the offer.  As stated by others "I have to say I was a little hesitant about using my Groupon here after reading the reviews.  However I can honestly say I am glad I gave it a chance! My stylist Lauren was awesome. She gave me the exact look I was wanting while being very open about what would work best Tabby herself would get 5 stars."  her comments are only excuses! Lousy business obviously run by someone with no business acumen. This only underscores my original review."  with an incredible deal...which proves to be awesome when looking for someone who will potentially be a regular go-to.  I got super lucky as 'Courtney' had a cancellation today and 'Tori'(front desk) was able to fit me in within a few hours notice.  Courtney clearly knew her stuff. She listened to my request and absolutely nailed it. We discussed future visits and color options. I knew this wasn't the ""Hilton hotel spa"" Anyhow my experience was fantastic start to finish and Lauren has a new client "I had my wedding hair and nails done at this salon as they are the closest salon to where I was getting ready (I have been going to this salon through its various owners for the past twenty years). Lauren was absolutely fantastic! She took the time to play around with my hair when I went in for just a haircut so that we were set on a style for the big day. She was relaxed and made great suggestions. She was very flexible and my hair turned out great. It lasted through the summer heat and looked fantastic in pictures. Terri did my nails and the (my first ever) gel manicure lasted through flower assembly and a hiking honeymoon. I was very impressed. Coming from NYC the nail prices are a bit high  I had much distaste considering I was leaving 5 hours later with unacceptable hair. I then called to correct the situation and was denied a refund and told that was against policy. They did however offer to fix my hair "I followed Brittany here so I could continue to get great hair care services.  Once again I was NOT dissapointed.  The location it's self was easy to find "This place gets 5 stars because of Lauren.  She is an amazing stylist.  She really listens to what you want  I had much distaste considering I was leaving 5 hours later with unacceptable hair. I then called to correct the situation and was denied a refund and told that was against policy. They did however offer to fix my hair  stopped in n showed the young lady at the desk a picture n asked if they had a stylist that could handle something like it. She immediately said ""Jessica"". A couple weeks later  I was online and noticed a groupon (it's still there) I believe it's cut Im so happy that I was paired with her as a stylist Whatever you do don't go there with a Groupon. I really believe they want to get you in there and then take more money from you somehow." Management seemed apologetic and gave me a 50% discount on a cut if I wanted to come back again with either Maria or another stylist  this time with another stylist.  Will update when I know more."  but I still have a cut that is difficult to style and isn't the most complimentary to my face or the quality of my hair.  I really hate when stylists think they know better than you what looks best  on you. Really wanted to give this place a better rating The shop is very nice and comfortable. You don't feel intimidated coming here. Everyone is great!!" Awesome customer service!!!  These people know what they are doing!!!!!  Great staff with experience!!!   The best in town!!!!  and help you find the product that is right for you.  Easy parking in a convenient location. (Trader Joe's/Whole Foods shopping center.)  The nail/massage area is quite nice - private and quiet."  which I could barely feel went just slightly above my ankle.  The actual exfoliating part of the pedicure barely happened - I need to find ANOTHER place to do the job they didn't do.  I paid $52 (incl. $8 tip) and feel completely ripped off.  Oh  and it was great. Donald cut my hair and he was great. We got along as if we known each other for years and he cut my hair exactly the style I wanted." When I called to make the appointment I asked for a senior stylist who was good with long hair.  I was getting a trim and style.  I wished I had taken a ""before"" picture so I could post it.  Let me tell you.. I had just rolled out of bed and was looking like one hot mess!  What a transformation.  Carissa made my hair look FABULOUS!!.  She even gave me a scalp massage when she washed my hair and also she took her time blowdrying my hair and made sure it was perfect.  Carissa is very professional  they take ULTA coupons too!!! and you can stack them with your beauty brands take ten!!" I have been going to this salon for over a year. Jodi a senior stylist is wonderful! I have long hair and I color and highlight it regularly. They also carry Bumble & Bumble products which I love. Great service and prices I like the professional but not stuffy atmosphere.  and have not been anywhere near this happy." I stopped by this Beauty Brands for the first time last week after yoga class looking for a dry shampoo and had no idea what kind I wanted. All of the girls immediately recommended their favorites and found the bottle for me. They were very friendly and continued to offer their advise on other products. I am very satisfied with my choice and would definitely go back! Maybe even try the salon.... Lisa is for sure my new stylist and I will be making all my appointments with her...I can't wait till next week to see how she colors my hair! :)" "Best place ever for all your hair and nail needs!!!!! I will always got to beauty brands for my hair and nails This place isn't one of those fancy schmancy salons.  Healthy Glow is run in a professional healthcare environment.  In fact Monica's sister Dr. Teresa Vesco shares the same office and is a successful naturopathic medicine physician."  you know how hard it is to find an amazing eyebrow waxer! There's no need to search hi and low anymore! Monica is BY FAR the best... EVER! She's been doing this over 20 years or so and she's seriously amazing! I've been going to her about 5-6 years now and I won't go anywhere else!"  I already booked for next month. She has a strong mastery of skin care and knowledge. I had a classic facial and highly recommend." "Had my 1st facial ever today with Monica. A ""classic"" facial was given to me as a birthday gift and it was awesome. My face never looked so good and refreshed. Monica gave me so much good information for future care. For a mature woman (59) it is worth a visit."  how do I do it?  I tell them my fountain of youth is Healthy Glow Skincare inside Arizona Natural Health & Skin Care.  Monica and her team provide first-class skincare services in a serene environment.  It is truly a place for mind  uniform experience.  While massage enthusiasts will no doubt decry Massage Envy like hamburger enthusiasts do for Mickey D's (and I don't blame them) Massage Envy is a great place for someone who has never had a massage before and wants to try it  this is a pretty awesome experience for $49 a month for your first massage and then $39 for any other massages you receive during that same month. They also have a family discount plan. If you need to use a different location  it won't be long until a better place comes along that offers quality massages at a cheaper price without the high-pressure sales environment." "I give the 2 stars because my therapist is the one that deserves the stars. I was very disappointed in the way my appointment was handled. I requested the apt online first and in that request I mentioned I had just ran a half marathon. They called to make the apt  but it was definitely a bit annoying since I had just spent 90 minutes trying to relax & clear my head." I would highly recommend Enrique for a massage.  Great technique.  Great membership prices and great walk-in schedule for those last minute needs." I felt like I should have been PAID to have been there instead of PAYING for the service it was THAT tortuous!!!!" I love Massage Envy!  I would NEVER be able to afford a massage every 3 weeks if the prices were not so reasonable. I've been a member since Massage Envy opened and I get an hour massage every 3 weeks with my therapist Steven. I am a fan!  I love deep tissue and he works out all the knots and pains in my back because I work on a computer all day.  I would recommend Steven to anyone that wants a great deep tissue massage!  and I keep coming back. I love how comfortable I feel and of course the massages are great. The front of the house staff is always very friendly and I often see them cleaning when they have down time. I see Janet regularly and she is the best. I have seen other massage therapists when she is off or booked and I have never had a bad experience. Check them out!"  the desk attendant asks you want you need and so does your therapist. I don't object to this but I do object to it taking away from your appointment time. I have been to many spas where you are told to arrive 15 minutes early to check in and speak with your therapist. They should use this method here so customers don't feel they need to purchase 1 1/2 hour messages to get a good massage." "Worst customer service I've ever had. I would never go here again  let me clarify that I have never had a bad massage here with anyone; they have always been good. Daniel is just extremely good at what he does! I hear more and more people request him and he's the reason I keep my membership. You won't be disappointed!" I have always had a good experience at this Massage Envy. I get in on time and never feel rushed to get out. I would recommend this location."  was absolutely awesome! She didn't talk my ear off or cut my time short. She dug into my knots with the perfect pressure and made sure I was comfortable the entire time. I'm pleasantly surprised by my experience today after a series of awful ones just a few miles away. Thank you to all the staff at the Thunderbird location! I'll be back soon!"  nice and efficient. I've had several therapists and they've all been really good. I would definately suggest the hot stone therapy!!" I was in a major car accident a fee years ago and I have been having some discomfort with my and back Liz is awesome she did a great job with reliving my neck stiffness. The Memberships they offer are very reasonable. I'm looking forward to seeing her again. "I was very disappointed to have had my massage cancelled on me last minute. I had scheduled a prenatal massage a week before. I received a call 2 hours prior to scheduled massage notifying me that the massage therapist that was scheduled for me does not do prenatal massages. As a pregnant woman in my 6th month I was devastated!! I will never schedule here again!!! They are very unorganized and do not know how to run a business. Also  and she gave a great deep tissue massage. She focused on my knot/pulled area and still gave a great all over body massage as well. I was very sore the next day...but the day after started to feel much better. Bravo! I'll be back!"  she could guess what certain medical problems I had without me having to say anything. She was so knowledgable and professional. I really felt like she knew what she was talking about. I highly recommend her!! I even scheduled a follow up appointment in 2 weeks because I like her so much. She was great at applying pressure to parts I can never get. My back feels so much better- I feel like my posture looks better even!"  it's a massage envy so don't come expecting four seasons spa experience. The front desk staff is always different every time I go in but they are courteous and pleasant. The only reason I give it 3 stars is because it's nothing spectacular other than Enrique! Get a massage with him for sure!" I had a bunch of massages built up because I didn't want to chance it on a new therapist.  I totally lucked out today and will definitely be back soon!!" I had a massage with Giva at the Paradise Valley location today and what a pleasant experience. She is very caring and listens to all your needs. I will definitely come back to her. Thank you  which is false advertising and is slowly pushing me to stop going here. If I check in somewhere like today and  am offered a complimentary add-on Steven did my massage a few weeks ago and he was superb!  I would highly recommend him to anyone. He could tell I wasn't in the mood to chat and commenced massaging. I felt a world better afterwards. I hope to return again in the near future.  relaxing experience. My husband and I went to use a gift card we have held onto for 4 years. The only thing I am disappointed in is waiting that long to use it. Ronnie did a great job and could tell I was looking for a relaxing experience and did not want to chat. Friendly staff. Can't wait to go back!" Usually I am uncomfortable with a male masseuse and have been seeing the same person for 4 years. Steven made me feel like I was in heaven for an hour. I definitely recommend him. The lady at the front was super nice and everyone was very professional. I will be a return client because of the amazing experience! I hope this time a real manager will call me back so disappointed and upset with them. You pay the money and won't get the service stay away from being a member with them!!!!!"  we were never called back for confirmation and when we showed up they were not apologetic nor did they try to accommodate us. Actually don't really think they wanted us there. This is the reason I like to go to REAL spas and not a strip mall pit stop. I agree with other yelpers their customer service is the worst I have experienced."  executing the perfect amount of pressure through excellent communication skills. He has helped me recover from multiple back injuries. I highly recommend Frank and the PV location. Everyone is kind and friendly at the desk as well." "My service was fine i told the therapist my concerns she ignored them and continued her job. the customer service was terrible. It was my first time and i paid on card and left a $14 cash tip which the owner and also 3 other front desk agents saw- the owner or manager took the cash put it  in the draw and said ""$14 cash for Cindy"". My appointment was at 4 JYRp5gBs04z683JoO8ANOw  you should treat yourself to regular visits at your closest Massage Envy.  Well worth it.  Your body will thank you.  There are many many massage therapists that are excellent here.  Great staff!  Thank you!"  I took whoever was free at the time and that happened to be Ronnie. I was VERY lucky for this twist in fate. Ronnie gave me the most amazing hot stone massage. The pressure was perfect all the way through and his communication was on point. He was extremely professional  and excellent energy. He has a great ability to hold space for people and has great boundaries. His work is top notch and he is continuing his education. I look forward to seeing him next week." 