"I will admit the chipped ham sandwich was good. It was tender and salty and soft on the wheat bread. But this is just a deli. More like a bodega than anything actually. The signage is classic and the neighborhood I can't believe this place doesn't have more reviews! There is something so satisfying about buying an Isaly's chipped chopped ham sandwich right from the source. The sandwiches I bought here were so good and wow I can't believe I'm raving about something as simple as a ham sandwich but man it was memorable. This is seriously one of the last remaining Isaly's locations so it really should draw more attention than it does. Unfortunately no Klondike bars (they were invented by Isaly's) because apparently Isaly's lost the naming rights to Klondike bars or so I heard. Get the chipped chopped ham!  helpful and curteous. The place is spotless- always. You can get a great hot lunch. The menu selection varies from day to day. But it's always very good. And they make frozen dinners you can take home and cook. Everything about this place is much better than Donatellis. What's not to love?" I highly recommend stopping in this place to grab dinner - either for ready made food or their pasta and sauce.  You're about 10 minutes away from deliciousness." "It's a nice small and authentic market that's just one block off the main strip. I absolutely love this place! If you come at the right time  I will be patronizing you for years to come!" Skip out of work early and make a pit stop here on your way home I hit this spot everytime I visit Bloomfield for a haircut.  The homemade ravioli and Italian sub are my favorite!  I tried a small sampling of their pasta and meatballs and purchased an amazing loaf of bread and Turner's milk (which is by far the best milk I've ever tasted). The employees are very nice I wish we were closer to Bloomfield.  We'd be back much more often than we likley will be.  That being said "Best Tiramisu ever! But a sub-standard attitude? I was flying to Florida to visit my sister and wanted to gift her the tiramisu. Reached the shop 15 minutes before closing time and was treated to rude customer service. I was told that the store generally closes earlier than the closing time as there is a lot of cleaning. Well I do sympathize with that The ravioli is easily the best ravioli I have ever had. Each little pocket of heaven was hand made and was slightly different in shape and size from each other. The tall tale sign that they were pressed by hand. We followed the directions on the box and BAKED (not boiled) them in sauce. I've literally thought about those ravioli every time I have had italian food since. If you are anywhere near this place Places like this are too wonderful to overlook. I'm just bummed that it took me 7 years of living in Pittsburgh to find out about Groceria Italiana!" I'll likely upgrade GI to four and a half stars when I am permitted to do so." My review will be short and sweet.  I AGREE with everything everybody had to say about this wonderful little Italian store in Bloomfield.  I hate grocery shopping (especially big store grocery shopping like Giant Eagle) but love to shop in this lovely little store.  Prepared foods are fantastic and the lunchmeats are always fresh and delicious.  I always manage to find everything I need here.  I am Italian and grew up with grocery stores just like this.  I feel like I am home every time I enter.  mine fell apart like crazy. It was a mess. An expensive mess. Artichoke and Gorgonzola everywhere. Not only the seams fell apart. The pasta broke all over. I may go back for tiramisu in time  and they were absolutely delicious. Just make sure to bake them according to the directions--the reviewer who said they fell apart on him obviously tried to boil them.  Looking forward to trying more delicious flavors of raviolis soon!" 4.0 - tuscan bread: fresh and soft throughout.  on select days it isn't as good "Years ago I discovered this quaint grocer and their awesome lunch counter. The meatball hoagie and weeding soup are seriously are amazing and authentic. I have not had better wedding soup in the city. I'm also in love with the homemade raviolis  along with some fresh tomato sauce and one of their store made lasagnas. I served to some friends that night and everyone was blown away by how fantastic it all tasted.  Will definitely be shopping here regularly." If you visit this store good luck finding them open they close when they feel like it stopped on sat 230pm there were workers in the store the door was locked they would not answer just motioned to me they were closed all I wanted was manicotti  ruined good dinner plans.  which is convenient.  The employees are helpful as well.  Check it out ASAP."  along with some fresh tomato sauce and one of their store made lasagnas to serve to some friends that night. Everyone was blown away by how fantastic it all tasted.  Will definitely be going back regularly." "Love this quaint little Italian grocery in the heart of Bloomfield. I try to go at least once a week to pick up homemade pasta  where it's warmer than PGH. and love it but reading these reviews sure did make me homesick!" One of the best Italian grocery stores in Pittsburgh!! When I walk into this store I am hit with the scents of Italian food and it reminds me of the best of my childhood when I would make homemade meatballs with my Italian mother.  lately it's been hit or miss. Today is the 27th of May and I ordered the mac-n-cheese and it tastes like a completely different recipe. It is all watered down and gross. This happened another time about a month ago. I honestly don't know how it could taste so different from one week to the next "We first ate here on the Burgh Bits and Bites Tour in 2012. I've driven 30+ minutes several times a year since to purchase their homemade ravioli (literally hand-rolled Here's a tip: try their chocolate-covered almond biscotti.  Mmmmm."  I love the things that you can't really get at Giant Eagle.  They have terrific imported pastas and Italian condiments.  Their deli counter is unbeatable--certainly better than the aforementioned Giant Eagle.  I particularly recommend trying their cheeses!"  so Rick and I decided to head back to Donatelli's.  We picked up some of their wonderful pastas.  I was also in the mood to make Italian subs for lunches  a whole tray of meatballs and sauce from the hot bar was spilled all over the floor. They just scooped it right back in and I only hope it wasn't served! The place smells awful and the workers are grumpy. There's a lady there who's always screaming and cursing and some fat guy that's just as bad. The LAST experience I had with Donatelli's was when I bought a tub of ""freshly packed"" soynuts. I got home  but who wants to eat dirt with it? I've seen someone mop the filthy snow tracked floor then put the bucket of water on the deli counter. No thanks. I'll pay a little more for sanitation. There are other Italian grocery stores close by."  Donatelli's was my primary reason for going to Bloomfield the other day.  I had to pick up a few of the usual staples.  Our fridge was getting mighty low on mozzarella "Nice article in today's PG about Donatelli's (and Groceria Italiana). But beware  -  a lot of products at Donatelli's are on the shelf  WAY  beyond their expiration date.  And yesteday the cheese ""cooler"" was so warm that the packages of goat cheese were almost liquid... and produce often sits rotting... But there are other virtues and values to be had "This Bloomfield wonder is a Pittsburgh original.  I love the meatball sub for $2.29 and the vat of olives for $3.99 lb.  They have the best prices on lemons and Nutella.  I buy bread and fresh cheese here as well as fresh pasta.  I have never seen the staff serve off the floor but you never know.  What I don't know won't hurt me Well let's take a look at the January specials.  Imported Polish ham for $3.99 lb.  Polish ham at an Italian store?  Okay!  Fresh homemade pasta for $2.49 lb!  Gonna be having some veal tortellini with spicy Italian sausage and my homemade marinara sauce for dinner tonight.  Nicholas coffee for $6.99 lib.  We all know that Susan doesn't resume the form of a human female until she's had that 2nd cup."  and Chocolate-Covered Almond Biscotti for dinner. After having tried all three this evening I think it's a good neighborhood grocery store fir Bloomfield residents It's more worthy of three and a half stars than three stars."  Inc is next to O Yogurt in Bloomfield-Little Italy - Best prices and fresh food ever. We cannot wait to go back. Really awesome. We Love Our HOMETOWN PITTSBURGH :) YOU HAVE TO STOP here. I mean they have ""EVERY THING"" and it is really the BEST PRICES anywhere :)" Bottom line: If you're wandering around Bloomfield looking for some unexpected surprises  and the deli has a decent selection...not to mention their absurdly-affordable sandwiches. It's generally cheaper than the other Italian market nearby While Donatelli's may feel kind of cramped and may not seem as immaculately clean as some big box grocery stores (at least for the section the customer sees) I totally recommend this joint!!"  there was no one in the store and someone was in the back making sandwiches for me. Another employee asked if they could help me (I wanted to get lunch meat while I waited)  which often seems overpriced to me.  You can usually find the staff hard at work around the store while shopping.  Everyone is friendly and helpful.  Back at the deli counter they know me as the guy who always tips for service.  I give 2$ everytime a friendly face waits on me :)  I can tell they don't get tips often because they always express their gratitude for my kindness.  The store is convenient for Bloomfield locals who might be in walking distance.  There is no private parking  and customer service is what can make or break a business' reputation. Place is great minus that one hag. Definitely patronize them. Worlds better than any deli around."  I wouldn't recommend it but you have a few spare minutes "Good prices for a specialty grocery store. If you appreciate a fun assortment of deli items "I also tried this place for the first time on a Burgh Bits and Bites Tour. They make their own ravioli from scratch and use an archaic pasta machine to stuff and cut it. The process is impressive and delicious. My first choice for homemade ravioli is Groceria Italiana (completely made by hand and more generously stuffed) Great job Donatelli's!!!  I love that you're my neighborhood store!" I'd eat there again if I needed a laugh." Pretty girl who can't do much..serving you bad food!" "As a dive bar this might work... as a restaurant it is a total loss. The food is far below pub grub standards and their audacity to claim ""The Best Burger in Charlotte"" is simply ridiculous. The service and food quality are non-existent. This place only exists because of its prime downtown location."  and value for the food.  I have been going there since 1995 and though it has changed hands  talk to the new owner- she is also from Michigan and said she bought the place a while ago. I'm sure she is the reason Phil's is turning around! Since I am new to Charlotte I have only experienced the really  this place has new ownership and is pretty damn good." came in here and sat at the bar only because they had open spots during panthers playoff weekend.   Never thought i would be doing panther shots in a deli.  But it served its purpose.  We didnt eat but bartenders were nice enough.  Drinks are a little pricey for plastic cups. "This was stop #4 on our night uptown downtown.  I paid $8 for small plastic cups of John Daly which is ridiculous.  However A solid lunch choice."  try the Buffalo shrimp! I've had the burgers as well and they are fantastic! I have heard the Reuben is outstanding as well. Definitely a great little neighborhood bar that you cannot find anywhere else in the uptown area." "Used to stop by on the way to the epicentre for the best djs in Charlotte. Awful music now.. Beer in plastic cups was always gross  almost 5 ft tall fan in the back - watching several drunken patrons standing in front of it giving their best model impressions was hysterical!"  get drunk and then just as quickly spin off out into the rest of the city to carry on with who knows what the heck you were trying to do in the first place.  But you remember that weird little bar with the claustrophobic energy being right in the middle of it all." But the main reason most people go to Phil's is for the bartenders. I don't think you'll find a better looking group of bartenders in Charlotte. This is what Phil's prides itself on  but Phil's is more often a staging point for the rest of the evening  I will not be going back to this place."  but to me that seemed kind-of early. The place was clean and the servers were friendly. We got some free beer from a Miller promotion. The ""late night"" food was your basic bar stuff and fine for the price. The best part was the look the bartender gave us when we asked for Olympic ice skating on the big screen. If I lived here The only other thing to mention is that Phil's is surrounded by other bars beside it and it is very easy to pass or go into the wrong door if you are aiming to get there."  There is a lot of drama and the kind of place where testosterone mixed with alcohol can make for a volatile mix." Don't waste your time and money. I hear there's better places in this area Rudest bartender I've ever had  it's a deli--anything with pastrami or corned beef is decent on the menu.  In the evening "If you like to drink with 18-21 yr old girls - this might be your place.  If you want to chill with a mature crowd - go elsewhere.  However "Phil's is a small sports bar just off the beaten path. Had the bacon cheese burger w hand cut chips. Burger was juicy and well seasoned  and yes you get it served to you in a plastic cup. I have never came here to experience the DELI portion of what they claim to offer. I have tried their fried pickles and seen other people eating food here. But that's not really what I come to Phil's for. I come for the atmosphere. There is such a mix of people in here at night and it is a great place to 'people watch'  the manager was fantastic and made us feel at home. They were playing the Hawks game on the tvs and any bar playing the Hawks is a bar of mine! You HAVE to try the virtual bowling game! So much fun!!" My friend and I stopped in Phil's for a bite to eat before seeing a play at the Belk theater.  We enjoyed the food and drinks and the DIVE feel.  The owner seemed really nice but the waitresses were hard to flag down.  The second time we were there was on a Friday night and there were about 5 people at the bar so we sat at the table right behind the bar.  Never got served in the 10 minutes we were there so we left and walked in the rain to another bar.  We will probably stop in there again but if the service doesn't get any better then we will find another DIVE. Not the place to be. Crowd was dull . Music was ok  never go here ever. It was 5 people in there I ordered some wings and the bar wench forgot about me. It took an hour to get my mediocre wings." I gave this place 3 stars because it is a nice place. Sorta away from the people out side and streets. I will come back to it again to try other sandwiches."  as well as the homemade potato chips (they were worth the upcharge).  The only thing preventing me from giving 4 stars was the strong sewage backup smell that plagued us and nearby patrons during our meals.  Maybe it was just the tables on the side near the restrooms?  I'd probably come back The staff where very friendly.  Atmosphere is nice. Friendly people and the food was good. "This place used to be one of our favorites. Had a great dj. Music was awful last Saturday. Made the beer in plastic taste worse. Service was good  do your shopping elsewhere." Pretty chill. Lines were short during the evening so that was convenient. At a quarter to nine this store has two security guards in front and one inside the store.  The parking lot is riddled with potholes.  The clientele just seem like family people trying to buy groceries Very busy and the staff is really friendly only reason for the 3 stars is the store itself seems run down and there's a lot of security which isn't conducive for causal grocery shopping not to mention the minimal selection they have and a parking lot with more pot holes than parking spaces Great experience A+ location" Thanksgiving feast was amazing. Turkey had great sweet crust on outside and juicy in the middle.... It was pre sliced too! We had left overs that were perfect for sandwiches the next day. Sweet potato casserole had nuts and sweet which is how I like it. Green bean casserole is the best I have ever had... Sorry mom. I plan on going back and getting another turkey soon just to have for sandwiches. Price was a little high but worth it not having to cook !!!" "Came here for a to go order for lunch. I got a ham sandwich and potato salad. Ham was melt in your mouth. Potato salad was ok Quick bite spot for lunch. Great friendly staff who care. Once I realized this was an eat-in place I knew it would become a regular in my lunch break places. You gotta try all the sandwiches and breads.  especially given the fact that they got rid of their self-checkout registers.  This place is one of the biggest grocery store chains in Charlotte and this particular location is next to one of the biggest college campuses in the state (UNC Charlotte) Faster and better than Wal-Mart nearby if you don't mind paying a few cents more. You 'll get the essentials here. Food Lion is really the underdog with this area being dominated by Harris Teeter and Walmart right down the road from this store.  I wouldn't be surprised to see it close."  I've noticed the Copps on University on the westside is *much* more posh and has a better selection and display of its items THANK GOD! I am sick of co-ops. One shop for everything food. I like plastic bags and large carbon footprints. I'm not going to martyr myself and pay more for a smaller selection for some pinko environmentalist agenda. The service is so-so. No one outstandingly friendly  had more things in stock and even regular items in stock I'd give a better rating. Also the parking lot is pretty dim dark. Makes me feel unsafe."  but it's convenient to drop in on the way from the east side to the north side." "It's my own fault for continuing to frequent this grocery store.  Rarely are there any baskets for shoppers to use.  Their is no mobile service so we can call home for last minute items.  The prepared food counter looks horrendous.  I wouldn't feed my pets with that food  who are no help. The meat quality is good as is the bakery. Its just the crummy feel of the store and lack of any service that gives a bad impression. I do like the self check out area with four stations so you can get out of there without having to deal with that obnoxious female bagger with the name starting with M. The liquor store is nice as well. All in all I will drive the extra two miles or so and go to Woodman's and avoid the hassle."  but I will probably start going out of my way if I have to in order to have a better shopping experience."  and 1/2 pound chicken noodle casserole.  The food-counter lady was very nice as I added .. and added to my order.  I devoured it all." My personal favorites are the burgandy pepper steaks.  It just doesn't get any better." "Only been there once and been wanting go back again soon. We used to go to that side of town once a month and I would wonder about this place with my husband's name. So one day  and bakery items. The stuffed chicken breasts and steaks are excellent choices. From the deli the egg salad is excellent and fresh. They also have elegant farmer pies A wonderful place. Highly recommend." "Slightly weird smell when you walk. This isn't Jenny Street Market in terms of quality products  and is a reasonably-priced treat!  I stop there on the way home from work for items like cereal  indirect heat.  Man.  Their bacon wrapped pork filets are terrific "They have a good selection of meat and its always fresh and good.  They could use a bigger selection of cheese  the leftover steaks were still as tender as the day they came off the grill. I'm doing all my meat shopping here from now on!" Way overpriced. Basically resells items at an insane markup. Not a true butcher either. The best meat market in Madison. It has great gresh chicken brests. Get the burgundy marinaded steak. Check it out.  Ken's has been a mealtime/neighborhood staple.  It's so easy to pop in and grab something delicious to throw on the grill.  They also offer a decent assortment of deli salads "I stop here for the meats and fresh made sandwiches. It is a convenience store with a very nice meat case. There are reviews on here complaining that they don't have an actual butcher shop. There are not that many around anymore so deal with it or butcher your own. Burgundy Pepper Steaks are marvelous. I tried to marinate my own "Every single thing is delicious here. I go here for my monthly freshly made deli sandwich for lunch. I almost always get the honey ham and Swiss on a croissant with green leaf lettuce * they are all adequate and helpful if you're looking for some extra calories to go with your meat." This store really manages to pack a lot into a relatively small space. Prices are definitely on target for what you get (expect a markup for dry goods/typical grocery store items) but they have a good turnover and everything that I have had here has been ridiculously fresh." LWmlH8MwUnwMWN5Ma8utnQ Burgundy pepper steaks and stuffed chops are the best! Ken's is a solid place to go for local goods. Picked up a t-bone the other day.  Just some salt and pepper then onto a 600 degree grill.... 1 of THE best steaks I've ever had.   Can't wait for my next one. "I used to go here for all my hamburger and chicken.  They seem to have dropped a little in quality.  I used to be able to buy a chicken breast and cut it up and cook it without any additional trimming.  Not anymore. They aren't bad by any means  you can't get any better! Like many of the other reviews mention the burgundy pepper steaks and chicken are simply the best! We also like their turkey burgers. You really can't go wrong with anything and we've tried most of their options! I don't know how they manage to pack that much flavor into their items but they do."  Old Time Meat & Deli is rarely crowded and I can never figure out why. It's a good thing for customers in the know..."  and you'll notice the same people working most of the time. It has a very nice local feel that beats going to a grocery chain hands down." "Ye Old Time Meat and Deli Shoppe is one of the only places in champaign that I have no reservations about giving 5 stars.  It is SPOTLESSLY clean inside  and the extensive range of high quality products they sell. The best beef I have seen outside of Texas and New Zealand!"  i will tell you you haven't and that it's time you visit old time and see what a quality piece of meat tastes like. you will never be disappointed."  and the employee offered to cut up the meat for me without me even having to ask.  Another time I was looking for salmon fillets and the fish had just gotten there and one of the employees cut me a fillet.  I highly recommend this place!" "This place is THE BEST place to get meat in the C-U area.  Their staff is friendly and knowledable; it's just the kind of place you'd think would be packed in a place like Champaign.  Not only do they have a good selection of beef and pork  yeah! I never will go to County Market for my meat shopping again! Old Time can meet almost all of your meat eating needs and they do have a customer appreciation card where you get 10% off your next purchase when you purchase $200 worth at the store. Their sausages are quite good and their special flavors (applewursts you should try for sure!) change but they still have the classic bratwursts and mild and spicy italian sausage. Their flank steak is also good and their bulk italian sausage is also worth your while especially if you make spaghetti sauce from scratch. My complaint is that their hours and location could be better. Their staff is always helpful and they can help with getting special meat cuts." "Best place around to buy quality meats.  I always go here when meat is to be the star of a meal.  Prime meats sometimes don't look quite as nice as I'd hope  chicken with good selection of cheeses. Prices reasonable considering the quality."  friendly staff.  Sirloin patties and the twice baked potatoes are my go-to choices here.  Will make a special trip for them.  Good stuff." I can not recommend this shop enough."  and the prices reasonable.  If you need meat there is no better place in the area.  We do not buy much meat but when we do it is only from Old Time Meat and Deli!"  especially the kielbasa which is heaven" I love this place! Staff is great very knowledgeable every cut of meat i have ever gotten has been top quality. Oh and did i mention the twice baked potatoes?!  Old Time is the water in the figurative desert when it comes to having quality meat I'm kind of surprised they don't have better cheese "the staff is always amazing and the cuts of meat are even better.  personally I request the 2.5"" porterhouse ... and my wife gets the NY strips ... I simply have not found anything there I don't like.  fantastic establishment" Really awesome deli here in town! The staff is friendly and the meats are delicious. They even have a neat assortment of odds and ends inside to explore as well. Definitely worth checking out as bbq season gets rolling!  marinated chicken and homemade sausage.  Friendly and helpful staff. I will stop back the next time I'm passing thru. Just wish they were open on Sunday so I could load up my cooler!"  from some people who really know themselves some food!" They do have a good selection of meat in the deli case as well as some marinated items. When items are on special Super friendly people at this meat shop! Everyone is very helpful and they have such a wide variety of items. They also offer Boar's Head deli meats which are delish! I like that they also have some already made items like pork stuffed with wild rice and a large variety of marinated chicken breasts. Yummy! I only wish they were open Sunday's too!"  friendly and helpful staff.  They also have fresh fish which is super convenient!  Highly recommend."  and frog legs? They also offer hot bbq ribs and chicken if you're looking to pick up something for dinner. I've gotten some really good Porterhouse steaks here. I also like their pickled beets and fresh blocks of (super creamy) butter. If you're about to fire up the grill  the staff greets me and gives me friendly attention. They are never pretentious and are always really willing to answer any questions. I came here looking for salmon and was really really impressed. You really have to come here to see what I mean. The meats are all super fresh (according to the guy who helped me great selection and quality of product. The staff knows their product and their customers.  Truly gourmet items at reasonable prices  and this Shoppe has an extra (e) for excellent cuts of meat.  If you'd rather grill than go to a restaurant This is definitely the place to go for excellent fresh meat and fish. I swear their Salmon is the very best in the area. You can't beat them. The staff is just as amazing. Always friendly welcoming and super helpful. "Olde Time is a carnivore's dream. They provide exceptional service and delicious meats. You can get just about anything to grill or smoke at this place. Prices aren't ridiculous Gets the bump to four stars for having some cool photographs of Phoenix architecture through the centuries."  great atmosphere and great location if you work in the downtown area." Downtown Deli is in a good location situated downtown (how clever is that?!)  The staff is friendly and the place is bustling with business at the lunch hour.  They are quick Warning: This is not the place for people who are looking for a light meal or can't stomach a Motha of a sandwich. You will get dirty looks from waiting patrons and you'll throw the line cook off his game if you ask for a healthy alternative to the specialty sandwiches. Stick to the menu and you'll be just fine except for needing to take your belt out a notch; no harm in that." And the best part is that the service is so fast you can get in and out for lunch quickly." "I was walking by here today and some saw friends eating out front. They welcomed me over to share lunch with them. I'd been planning on another place but as soon as I saw the pastrami I was hooked. I got in a short line (although about 20 people got in line right after me) and checked the menu. The way they were throwing the sandwiches together reminded me of Primanti's in Pittsburgh. They had a no nonsense-we know what we're doing-kinda attitude. There was no frufru on the menu  I could afford to eat meals like this because without a car I walked an average of 3-5 miles per day.  There is simply no excuse for this type of excess in a driving city like Phoenix.  You'll spend 2 hours at the gym to burn off lunch here.  My prediction is that 50 years from now I just love The Downtown Deli. It makes be feel very metropolitan and sophisticated. Because Like a Deli straight out of New York. Make sure you go Hungry because the portions are very big!" This is definitely one of my favorite lunch time restaurants."  what a rip off!  The food wasnt even that good. Im not even excited to eat the leftovers when I get home.  this place isn't what I remember it to be  but I can't imagine anyone being unhappy with their meal here."  they aren't high quality ingredients so you can't expect too much.  Some of my classmates ordered some of their fresh sandwiches and those actually looked a lot tastier.  I did enjoy their fries  it's one of my favorite places to eat in Downtown Phoenix." Now I have ""half"" a sandwich (technically a whole) left for later...." One tip: You'll want to bank on taking an extended lunch because digesting a Downtown Deli sandwiches is a real chore. Of course I mean that in the very best way."  but I did not like it.  It seemed too salty and smokey.  I loved the pickle and french fries.  The pickle was nice and crisp and the fries were bad-for-you goodness.  I called ahead for my order so I did not waste my lunch hour in line.  Next time  but you don't ruin an omelette by nuking it after you cook it in the grill. That's just weird." Food was meh. Bread was cold and stale. Pastrami was nothing special. Don't bother."  local bite when you're in this area of Phoenix."  but highly recommended if you want a real deli style sandwich. This place has been around for a long time  we ate here a couple of times. I'm sorry Alex P. felt that he was getting attitude. One of my coworkers asked if he could have the daily special from the previous day because he had liked it so much. They told him it wouldn't be a problem and fixed it right up for him. The food was good and reasonably priced. I was there in April and enjoyed getting to sit outside on their patio and enjoy the awesome weather."  but they filled my cup with ice from ice maker in back and quickly filled machine with more ice."  as I couldn't fathom ordering a half pound of ham with my order (actual delicatessens are rare out here). They do make a good meal and pretty quickly as well!" I drive all the way from N Scottsdale to downtown Phoenix for their fresh deli sandwiches.  I always get the poor boy with everyhting...they always put the right amount of dressing and veggies and of course fresh meats - it's huge ! so come here with a big appetite - one of the truly REAL New York style subs...going to get one right now ;)"  only problem I had was deciding what yo eat.  You walk in and the smell of great food over comes you.  Staff was very helpful and the food was very good and lots to choose from The only positive thing I can say is that the place was very clean 9BH18avE46LlHMvJn67MaA  but the list of menu options works for a restaurant of this size. This makes for a good and convenient lunch destination if you work downtown and want something other than a burger or a sub "Quality was okay and food is kind of bland. You can see the sheriff come in here quite often during lunch time. Don't try to get breakfast menu items past 11 The food was decent but if I had another chance to grab lunch in downtown Phoenix "I visit this place here and there with co-workers and have never been disappointed. I am not very adventurous so I usually get a turkey sandwich on kaiser and fries This place is near work and decent as far as lunch and being able to find a place to sit.  They are average as far as cost but food consistently meets expectations with generous portions.  Nice to browse some of the old photos on the walls.  I liked that! I spoke to the gentleman behind the counter and asked him what the most popular item was and he said the Pastrami or the beef brisket. Since the boyfriend eats anything I got him the Brisket and he offered up some fries with that. I had a hard time understanding much of what he was saying like types of bread for the sandwich or whether I wanted a pickle with the meal but no big deal. Well to put it lightly the Brisket was friggen amazing. I am a very picky eater  pretty darn good and really filling especially with the fantastic fries. I try to bring lunch with me most days but once or twice a week I buy lunchs  but don't worry - they PILE on the good stuff. I tried their Chef Salad and it was pretty tasty but was a little disappointed they used mainly iceberg (I'm a spinach/Romaine girl)." Some drawbacks was the parking - there's no where close and it's all pay - and the tables were really sticky. I didn't see anyone wiping them down so who knows how dirty they were?" I also like all the historical photos of downtown Phoenix and the owners' story. Mix of all different business types  Glenn asked me how I heard of them and I raved over the ham sandwich! I was pleasantly surprised to see a box lunch right on top with my name and inside was a ham on Kaiser just for me! The oatmeal cookie was nice and soft and well appreciated for the mid-day snack crave! Thank you again for your thoughtfulness and on-time delivery!" "I was delighted to find this genuine deli serving delicious authentic food. It is an oasis in a land of franchises. Corned beef on rye and lox with cream cheese on bagel were soul satisfying. If I lived in Phoenix  but I was let down when I saw her scoop some meat off the counter that may of may have not been sitting there for a while. The next disappointment came when they started stacking the meat...since the sandwich was about $10 I expected it to be so big we could barely fit our mouths around it (which has been my past pastrami experiences) but it was pretty damn small. We ended up sharing it Overpriced and underwhelmed." I always enjoy seeing a thriving family owned business. We ate the New Yorker with fries and it was delicious. I enjoyed the coleslaw on top of pastrami. The French fries were crispy and appropriately warm. The staff was also very friendly.  it's just the man w/the moustache who is a bit prickly. He has a sour scowl on his face everytime I'm in there." Amazing pull pork on onion roll. I eat a lot of bbq and this has been by far the best and a very healthy portion. Such great service. I am new to downtown and didnt realize they were closing and they still made me lunch. On top of that the owner talked with me for a while about downtown and their food quality and process. It is great to hear from someone who loves their business that much. So I would say stay away if your on a budget or want more for your money." "I've eaten here a couple times. Breakfast ends at 10am(?) so no ham n eggs today. Got the panini special it was ok. Came with a dill pickle slice and some good French fries. This is old school NYC food here Fastest place to grab a bite during lunch hour food is good prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly.  so it wasn't crowded at lunch time. We got our food fast John was really nice about my off the menu request for just brisket and cheese - no bun!   great food and friendly people. I had the ultimate grilled cheese sandwich.  The price was great for the amount of food I got. Will recommended" I always get to talk to someone and place my oreder right away and they make sure to repeat everything and ask about dietary needs such as a veggie sandwich or extra tuna for dieters.  Very dependable and delicious." First time here for the final days.  Line is out the door but the food is worth the wait.  I will miss this place just like everyone else who is waiting 30 minutes to place an order!  Please reopen soon!!!  not Swedish. They were Umlaut-laden names so I got confused."  quiet place. It's always nice to dine-in and enjoy the quiet atmosphere and feel like you're not in the big city for a short time. It may be hard to spot the store in that little strip mall  and all agreed you can get a similar sandwich at grocery stores and preferred even the likes of Sack's to this place. There is just nothing inventive about the sandwiches or anything that stands out here other then the friendly Mom and Pop ownership and sweet vintage sign." UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew  the best service around and just being in there you can feel the love and tradition of a family owned and operated business." As I was eating I had a yen for a Celery Soda to go with this classic sandwich but I've only been able to get them at Chompie's in the valley.  There are loads of interesting European cookies to get packages of as dessert so grab a couple of friends when you go but carpool as the lot is smallish.  I guess they stopped giving pickles with sandwiches  especially because they carry Lutefisk."  you can get out of their unscathed for a mere ten bucks. it's community seating inside so be prepared to go cozy." PS in the summer time you can get a fresh squeezed 32 ounce lemonade for a dollar. It is FANTASTIC.  And the iced tea is delicious and always fresh." I'm getting hungry just thinking about the place!"  so you can start sorting things in your head.  The first time I went in I ordered whatever struck my fancy first  I have to stop in for lunch...or breakfast (tasty breakfast egg sandwiches). Cheese 'N Stuff is a real treat and never disappoints."  but the sandwiches make up for all of that."  and the atmosphere was really cool. Just wondering what the difference is between pickles and cucumbers in brine. (50 cents  a gazillion choices of sandwiches and the like (I suggest looking at their web page and narrowing down your choice before going in)  Reasonable prices Easily one of the best sandwich shops around. Family owned and operated for the last 60 years. A great selection of subs and sides and even a few imported goodies. If you like sandwiches you owe it to yourself to check it out.  they run out of Yoo-Hoo's half the time." Dam I wish I would have known this place was here sooner. Really good sandwiches. They use Boars Head meat which I am a huge fan of. They have so many different sandwiches it took me a while to figure out what I wanted. The menu is kinda all over the place. There is a menu board but its old and fadeed but they have white papers with all the sandwiches hung up all over the wall. The staff  are very friendly and I'm sure this place has many regulars. Inside its a tight squeeze with limited seating. The macaroni salad is great as is the potatoe salad. I love the sicilian sub. The italian dressing on it is so really good and I think thats why I like this sub so much. My other fav is the club on wheat. Oh yeah I think Ill go there agin today. Sanwhiches range from $5.95-6.95.  an excellent location on Central & Camelback (near Dutch Bros!) I can't wait to bring the hubby back for him to try." The lack of atmosphere doesn't bother me; my one gripe with this place is how early they close.  There have been many times I haven't gotten moving early enough and haven't been able to get there before they close NOTE: Parking is sparse. Park across the street near the Applebees." Don't think elegant dining if you plan to eat here.  The inside is just some tables with tablecloths and very limited seating (almost picnic table style)." Brie/ Boar's Head Turkey/ Lettuce/ Tomato on Sourdough Bread." I lived in the neighborhood for a good year before trying this place. Shame on me! This is mom and pop at it's finest. Great portions of high quality meat and yummy breads. Price is such a good deal for what you get and it's always super fast service. My man and I usually split one sandwich and side and are happy full when done. I love the selection of Boar's Head meats as well as I can't find them at the Fry's down the street.  is that they have more stuff than cheese. I was really hoping for more cheese. A more accurate name would be Stuff 'n Cheese. Please Definately worth a try if you like deli sandwiches on the go." "Felt like I was home in NJ/NY at a deli The food meh and made with what seemed like bagged bread. You can look at my photos to see what I got. I think they speak for themselves." Cheese and stuff might be the.cutest little sandwich place on the planet. I love the Blazin Chicken!  Sandwich's are always fresh and tasty!  everyone.  We always ordered Beer Wurst Sandwitches with their famous Cheese Spread.  Try A dough boy  when I saw this place with a big banner that read ""delicatessen"" I was immediately pissed that I didn't know it was there and bought a sandwich at AJ's  which is their ""most popular"" sandwich and I know why. It was excellent and I highly recommend the restaurant." I've been going to this place for over 25 years and it is still a WONDERFUL (family-owned) place to get a sandwich!!! UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew This is my favorite deli in the valley.  Whenever I am in central Phoenix I work my schedule around making sure that I get to eat here.  They remember my name and ask about how my family is doing even when it's been months since my last visit.  The fact that you can see pictures of generations of family working behind the counter in one place really should mean something when trying to figure out why you should eat here instead of subway or some other massive chain.  I always get the new yorker.  This is the place everyone craves in their community for lunch and it exists! I can't wait to come back and try the Turkonberry or the Wild Turkey sandwiches. Both sound amazing!" UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew  do it.  Hard to go wrong here and I've tried all of the sandwiches.  Very good value.   Call ahead or prepare for a wait.  Tight on seating.  I prefer it during off hours to avoid the masses.  Skip the national chains and try this place if you're not yet hooked." "You can drive by this place forever and not know they have the best sandwiches in Phoenix!!  All of the ingredients are super fresh.  Biting in the bread is like biting into a little heaven cloud.  So soft and delicious it's almost not fair that other places have to compete.  I'm not a big fan of deli sides (potato salad  nice bread with Boar's head Buffaloed chicken.  Yes I can't rave enough about this place! Try it "Change your name. I went to cheese 'n stuff to buy cheese and the choices were laughable. It's not even a cheese shop. If your interested in purchasing cheese go to Duck & Decanter *Quick service too.  Got in "Shame on me for not having known about this wonderful little gem.  We tried to have lunch on a Monday and the place was packed.  Too bad we were in a hurry or we would have stayed.  So on friday I stopped in later in the afternoon.  The place was quiet and the young gal behind the counter was sweet and helpful.  I ordered a sandwich and german potato salad to go and am very pleased.  The sandwich was a good size  but the price for that would have bumped well into a $$ rating."  and friendly people. I work around the corner. . I will definitely be back." Really into this spot. Reminds me of a classic NYC deli. Sandwiches are tasty and the space is cozy.  The service is really friendly.. I recommend the tall lean Texan. "I have driven by this place for close to 10 years and have never stopped in...but wanted to.  A few weeks ago I came by and ordered a turkey sandwich to go.  The staff is so friendly  I'm putting it on my regular rotation."  and miss east coast deli's "Y-U-M! I can't wait to go back to this little gem. Try the ""Tyler"" it was delicious. They have so many menu options  dining area a little tight but who cares. Portions are right on for the quality you get. This isn't a subway   but menu is hard to read. ..a bunch of pages posted on the wall.  I like that is family owned the Sicilian Sub is fantastic Subs are tasty but small and expensive! Potato salad didn't  taste yammi  for me! Place by itself tiny! Cheese n' Stuff is one of the best businesses in the Valley.  They deserve your patronage." "Not the easiest place to find and very small - best as a takeout sandwich shop - but THE best sandwiches. Reminds me of a Jewish deli in New York "Hands down best sandwich shop in Phoenix! The sweetest family owned business; been around for over 60 years Amazing sandwiches! Stan and his family rock. The menu is not traditional and that is what make this place unique and better! I always get the Tyler but I've  had every sandwich and they all are delicious. Been coming here for 12 years. The place is an old deli and the feeling is very homey!! Give them a try! It's worth it. A Phoenix original!! This place reminds me of the east coast mom and pop delis I grew up with. It has a huge selection of sandwiches and subs so there's definitely something for everybody. I'll go out of my way for a sandwich here. Definitely gonna be my regular spot for a quick delicious sandwich."  cheese and toppings combinations in the entire city of Phoenix. Over 1 million sandwiches served. Friendliest family owned staff and the patrons were just as amazing. The only place I will go for a sandwich now. Whatever sandwich you can imagine... they have it. Must visit." This place makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside- what's better than an old school family owned and operated deli that serves up high quality sandwiches at great prices. I have been coming here for years and will continue to do so for years to come! "The best deli in central phx! Stan and his daughter run the place and are making sandwiches everyday! They use boars head meat and cheese so you know it's going to be great! Try the Tyler or the doughboy I have been enjoying Cheese 'n Stuff for 45 years.  Every sandwich is just delicious.  the cole slaw is incredible.  The bread selection and rolls are fresh every time.  I very good selection of Cold drinks.  Christmas cookies are lucky if they last a week at my house. They make great sandwiches  customize.  The prices are reasonable  and staff friendly  Golden Rule and Stinkweed's parking lot) or prepare to fight for a spot in front of it."  unique grocery items and awesome people! Stan and Crystal are great and they have our order memorized. The Bizmark on Rye no cheese (stupid lactose intolerance) is amazing. Try to eat it at least once a week. my wife has been eating the #5 since she was a little girl!" Stopping in after Sweet Salvage with my husband and two friends we were both surprised and pleased with the wide selection of sandwiches and the excellent service. What a great way to cap off a day of shopping! "I lived on the East Coast (Rhode Island) for about 20 years and this place reminds me of the very best mom and pop deli's that seemed to be on every other corner. Wonderful good solid sandwiches and sides. What you see is what you get. Great quality "Forget your chains! Cheese and Stuff is the real deal! They've got the best sandwiches in town and Stan is a master craftsman! The Lebanon bologna sandwich is to die for  that's how much I love the stuff!  I stopped by Cheese 'n Stuff to find some nice wedges for a cheese plate.  The father daughter duo working the counter were seasoned pro's at working long line that forms around lunchtime.  I also ordered a sandwich for lunch and it was packed with meat and cheese I love cheese'n stuff. Any sandwich I've had here has been really good. You get treated like family here. Many sandwiches to choose from but my favorite is the dough boy. You can get a sandwich made to order as well. They also have a nice selection of meats and cheeses that can be purchased by the lb "I ordered the number 10 make it a meal that includes macaroni salad and a drink. I enjoyed my sub but the macaroni salad was a little sweet for my liking. Total can out to $9.04 which also included a glass of iced tea (that is delicious). I might be back UWrB5H3G-hhiHMy3iKV2ew "Freshest Cold Cuts in Phoenix sandwiches and Subs made right unlike crappy chains... Friendly  I have been wanting to stop in and try it for a long time.  I could have saved the trip.  The first thing I noticed when I walked into the place was the smell.  Not sure if it was one of the food items One of the best in town.  Slower service but worth the wait.  A must for Uptown locals!"  fresh  and tasty meats and reasonable  price. Staff is friendly"  german potato salad and chips. Thats about it. One of the deli cases actually just had chips in it. The shelves had a few boxes of little cookies from other countries but was otherwise their back stock of coke and water. 3 long community tables with fold out chairs were about all that fit in this small place. Its on its 67th anniversary and totally looks like it. Staff was nice...ish. We were the only people in there and when we walked in neither the younger lady or the older man said anything til we said Hi. Then Food here is probably 3.5 stars.  Service here is a solid 4 stars."  though I see that being insult to injury to those less appreciative of bad 80's fashion) last time. BIG turn off. The man won't go there with me anymore. I can't find a better chocolate egg cream though..." I'll have to return to Scott's Generations when I'm feeling better and my appetite is back to normal.  Hopefully that will be soon thanks to the soup I enjoyed today!" Scott's even impressed my New York born-and-raised mother (while Chompie's does not)." Thank god for little gems like this surviving in the ""Tempe Marketplace"" "We have eaten here several times and always happy with the food and service. The last time we went everything was off Give Scott's a try. The menu is large enough that there really is something for everyone. I doubt you'll be disappointed."  and was spoiled years ago by a place called Perry's Deli on Roosevelt and Clark. I only get to go 2 or 3 times a year but I have their hot Pastrami every time I go at least once. I have tried Pastrami sandwiches all over Phoenix and have never been able to find anything that touches Perry's. I went to Katz' They have the best corn beef in Phoenix.  I haven't found a place like Scott's anywhere in Phoenix or the surrounding cities. "One of the best deli's in Phoenix. Great food all around. Everyone is so nice and friendly  seat yourself.  Don't be put off if you walk in and don't see any tables by the deli.  Look to your right.  There's a whole other room where we found plenty of seating.  We enjoyed looking at some of the photos on the wall I plan to check them out for lunch or dinner sometime as well as coming back for breakfast."  and it was pretty great!  I was looking for a hangover solution and the food here really hit the spot.  Great selection of breakfast items and friendly service.  The southern scramble that I had was delish.  The coffee flowed as readily as the wine had on the previous evening  but I don't eat farmed salmon.  So of course I had to ask if the lox was from farmed or wild salmon.  The server checked with the kitchen and it is farmed!  No lox for me.  I then asked about the chicken livers; ""are they organic?""  I thought the waitress was going to burst out laughing but she quickly composed herself and just lightly shook her head.  Okay So I have no particular gripes and I would recommend the place to others who are looking for good chicken noodle/matzah ball soup or a massive corned beef or pastrami sandwich. For this you cannot go wrong here." i'm a sandwhich whore and will definately be coming back for more."  after seeing their list of smoked fish...I love a good deli with fish choices and I can't wait to also try a corned beef sandwich." I will deal with the craziness of the reversible lanes on 7th Street to go here!"  and is picky about his bagel supplier. I love the knishes and smoked fishes. He even remembers I don't eat meat. This is also my go-to place for a take-out brunch spread."  friendly and the place as busy but not overly crowded.   The deli cases looked really good on the way out too!" PxeX1M8WtyPxX1MuuGIh-g The only reason I went in the first place was because my friend bragged about how awesome the place was. I left unimpressed." "if i have errands in the neighborhood i always stop at scott's. a rueben or new yorker always makes me happy. since they expanded the dining room it is much easier to score a table the scottswich was tasty mctasterson too"  but I did and it filled me up for the rest of the day. My fiancee ordered a side of gravy for our fries Five stars for my first ever present-tense review! I can't wait to go back to Scott's to try the rest of their (very large) menu! Though for this trip  accompanied by a side of home fries and almost cleaned his plate (ham steak was huge!). The booths were large and cozy; decor was very home diner style comfortable. Unfortunately the service was so so. Our food arrived fast but our waitress looked annoyed at having to serve us. We showed up at 3:20 Sunday when they close at 4:00 Great breakfast and lunch options.  I appreciate having a quality deli here in the central phoenix area.  but with low expectations." I will definitely be back.  It will take forever to get through the menu  with green peppers and onions mixed in.  All of the portions are large to say the least.  The first time we went was for breakfast PxeX1M8WtyPxX1MuuGIh-g For the health conscious who are rolling their eyes at my delicious choices  and many more items at the other end of the table.  No complaints from even the pickiest eaters.  Love the new pickles!  The remodel is great too.  The extra room makes a nice space for groups." I also like Scott's for breakfast. Excellent corned beef hash. Plus already looking into best practices regarding chopped liver delivery methods."  go for there bialy's and the take home.  I still have no idea what a real jewish deli should be but this has got to be close to it from what I've seen of it over the years. (Need to go to New York and try a few there to find out Bubbie would be proud." I am so thankful we get a slice of New York right here in Phoenix.  I wasn't a big fan of the mish mosh soup.  I'd stay away from it.  But everything else makes up for it." I wish I could go to Scott's every day for a hearty breakfast! The dishes are simple found this place via yelp....thank u yelpers having to take the wife to the airport it was a quick hop/skip/jump to scotts had the new yorker sandwich piled high w/meat on a great rye bread and fabu fries all heart clogging ingredients and well worth an early death Been a few times checking out various items. The deli meat sandwiches are great and served in huge portions ala Carnegie Deli in NY.  The place feels like it needs a makeover in physical atmosphere and attitude of the counter staff. Today I had the Kreplach Soup which aside from the unappetizing greenish color had way too much salt in it and I'm not salt phobic or anything. Is that much salt really necessary? My table server was excellent. Mixed feelings. "well i stick to 4 stars for lunch all though that was my 1st time but the wife and i went for  breakfast last sunday morn. after the traditional being ignored for the first 8 minutes( BECAUSE WERE A NEW YORK STYLED DELI AND THATS THE WAY THEY DO IT IN NEW YORK) we sat down at a nice sized comfy booth our server a very nice older gal came and took our order cornbeef hash/breakfast burrito for the wife the cbh was fair (black bear diner has better and thats sad) burrito ok not great . there was 1 employ maybe a owner behind the counter defenitly from ny.........who cares .....sneezing  I give Scott's Generation a solid 3.5 stars. The service was also a solid 3.5. I give Scott's a 2 on the Jewish deli scale. In the end  and treat yourself to a black and white cookie on the way out. Trust me." Great food and wow what a menu....you could eat here everyday and not have to have the same thing twice. The french fries weren't the best and the sandwich is rather pricey but overall I give this place four stars. I am looking forward to a return trip very soon!" Service is attentive and friendly - a nice find"  I'll probably come visit again the next time I'm awake on the weekend early enough for breakfast. My first experience here was pretty astounding compared to most places; I even got free bagels on the way out the door! Go to this place and enjoy it!"  so feel free to pass one on!  Wish it could have been Scott's." Love Scott's!!! Just had the corned beef hash after my root canal...Still enjoyed it chewing on the left side...Been coming to Scott's for years!!!  Never leave hungry!!! From breakfast to lunch Got to check it out.  We can't wait to come back to Pheonix.  My hubby is still raving about it So I give them 3 stars! I can tolerate bad foods once or twice Meh-be the lox is good. Meh-be the good corned beef is piled sky high. I'll probably never find out." Norm R and Robyn N a small UYE. This was my first trip to Scotts Generations and i found it to be an authentic Jewish deli. I had a bowl (more like a pot) of kreplach soup and a corned beef sandwich that came with pickle spears and coleslaw. The lunch was very good and the soup was amazing. I would and will return to Scotts." Overall this is the closes to a real Jewish Deli I've been to here in AZ - and I will for sure be back and try the corned beef/pastrami and potato pancakes next time!"  and Robyn N. I ordered a half pastrami sandwich and a bowl of kreplach soup; these came with sides of coleslaw and pickle spears. A plate of bagel chips was also served with the soup. The pastrami sandwich was superb and overstuffed like it should be; really tasty - I thought I should have ordered a whole sandwich instead of a half. The kreplach was good; tasty and hearty The food is awesome-definitely worth the price The black and white cookies that are filled with frosting are a glutton's dream. If that's not up your alley  this may be the best you're going to find around here (at least from what I've read)  and there's is amazing - both their rye and challah are spot on. The only complaint I can think of is they have a habit of not salting their French fries." PxeX1M8WtyPxX1MuuGIh-g After our experience I will no longer suggest Scott's and will have them drive directly to Chompie's." I def will be back all the time with friends and family regardless your pricing... Thank you for the Great Lunch."  but it is well worth it.  I will definitely be back again!" The Lox platter is amazing! Great Jewish Deli. Has a bit of an old school feel to it.  but I also felt that for the price you got a TON of food! I'll be back soon. and again. and again and again I look forward to my next visit however now I retreat to my room for a happy Jewish Deli induced food coma.  Sweet dreams!"  especially for a transplanted easterner like myself!!  I am already planning my bext visit back!  Enjoy!" Most likely will not be back." I now will come back more frequently. And sit in Nancy's section every single time." ...See what I did there?"  the service was alright (dineresque) and the food was alright. I ordered the veggie skillet. It was a little bland  and a strong but semi random assortment of 'home cooking' type meals that your mom makes but you never see in restaurants. I haven't spent a lot of time in delis in New York  this is the place!  I look forward to visiting Scott's Generations again soon and try their smoke white fish or belly lox.  I will probably take some pastrami to go ~ it's that good.  I hope to see you there!" I will go back and try something else "Love the Matzo ball soup!!!  My daughter got the kids chicken tenders with FF and for a selective eater she loved every bite!  Next time I will bring Pastrami lovin hubby to score the deli meat selection.  I was tempted by the bakery items and knishes which I will also have to give a try so I will definitely be back!  Clean "1st time at this place....Pretty average.  I got Matzoh Ball Soup. The matzoh ball was pretty small & pretty hard...it should be softer.  I also got a greek omelette...it was good  some pickles and a kinish but it was all very good. The place is a great little deli with great service and awesome food. The latkes were very good The meat eaters at my table said that the meats were fantastic and we all left very happy!" PxeX1M8WtyPxX1MuuGIh-g "I went here today to get chicken soup to cure the flu I picked up over the weekend. It was the best chicken noodle soup I have had in years  it was awesome. It was really great to get good home made corned beef hash.  My date tried the pancakes and said they were light I will probably come back here to try other things like the cheese blitzes." "I was really excited to see this place being from Detroit.  It's like a mom and pop back east!  The food was great!  Loved the food selections.  Waitress was a nice lady.  All the stuff behind the deli counter looked delish!  I will come back for bagels next time my work has an event.  They looked really good!  I had the pastrami  just need to ""clean up"" a little."  where they at least say ""hello"" as you walk in."  and not feel like your IQ dropped 15 points for reading the menu  which I love. It has so much meat I only ate half the sandwich and all of my fries. Took the other half home for later." "I couldn't decide between four or five stars so I am giving them five.  This place has a very authentic home made quality to the food.  The deserve five stars alone for the bagels that I would argue are some of the best in the area "I love the food here. Real NY style over stuffed (boars head cold cuts)sandwiches. I love the bagels.  The Matzoh Ball soup rocks too...I would give this place 4 stars but every time I come in the owner/management gives a really crappy vibe..I know I usually come in late afternoon and they are quiet Loved the potato latkes for breakfast.  And the bagel!  Mmmm... I'm a carb girl."  very bad restaurant. Ugh." The only negative thing I would say about this place was that the day I went it was 90 degrees and out and they didn't have the AC on!  We asked the server about it and she said the owner didn't want to turn the air on yet.  I mean ..the fries were good tho."  but anytime I'm in town I'll be visiting Scott's."  even for the $8 I paid with tax and tip ($5 Living Social plus tax and tip).   Not coming back to this place."  waddle on over to the dance studio next door and sign up for a Zumba class - and say hi to me. We'll talk about their fabulous cheesecake while doing some cardio."  but it is like everywhere you go! It would be refreshing to actually see a movie playing on a TV at a restaurant....Something that the whole family can enjoy watching  it was pretty terrible. I had the two egg breakfast with eggs over medium. The eggs were overcooked (closer to over hard) and everything on my plate tasted like burnt bacon. I did not order bacon. Turns out everyone's food tasted like burnt bacon because they don't properly clean their flat top or pans or whatever they cook on. The potatoes were inedible....soggy and flavored like....burnt bacon. My bagel was burnt on the side with the toppings and soft on the side that should be toasted. My brother PxeX1M8WtyPxX1MuuGIh-g  was not very hospitable.  If I were running a business I would be much more friendly and outgoing with my clients.  Everyone likes to be greeted with a smile and a ""how ya doing? and ""come back again""."  the MATZO BALL SOUP you could hit someone with.. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE." "Went in over the weekend looking for a New York style breakfast. The meal exceeded all expectations. The bagels were fresh  don't get me wrong.  But this is outrageous.  At the most I can see maybe $7 or even $8 but my god....  Well it was delicious but I could easily just go to einstein bagels or all the rest and be just as happy  you lost this generation..."  but not worth the 12.50 they charge.  Service is great though." I made a mistake though. I ordered coffee instead of a chocolate egg cream. Too few places make a decent egg cream  - and I missed my opportunity. Then again  I'm not sure how one gets his or her entire mouth around a bite. And  but I give it three stars because of the complete lack of atmosphere "My car is currently being worked on and I was craving a real breakfast but couldn't leave the house. I thought I was completely out of luck until I found out this place delivers to my area. I ordered breakfast skillets for myself and my husband and we were both impressed by the quality and the amount of food! We both only ate half so even though it was a bit expensive  stop by Karsh's next door to take some pastries home for later." Our family wanted to thank Tony for providing a Great Passover meal for a single Dad with kids. Everyone was very happy and filled. Love you guys..  if I'm in the area and have no other options." The Monte Cristo Sandwich is the way to go when you order here. It's huge! So be sure to have an appetite or bring a friend to share. This deli style restaurant is laid back and casual. I feel like I'm eating in a deli in the heart of New York City. I have fond memories of dining with my mom here. The service is easy and quick and the food is delicious!  but I would insist on them having Gefilte fish before I go.....(ok ok I'm just kidding Best pastrami Reuben on the planet! The corned beef one was just as good but that pastrami is still on my brain. Def gotta taste it in your lifetime! It definitely reminded me of what you'd find at Kat's Deli and Second Ave Deli in NYC!" My only beef with this place is that they close early.  I can never get here in time for dinner."  and it seems like a nice enough place. I may be back next time I'm looking for an early nearby breakfast." Bad food bad service greasy matzo ball soup. Skip this dump. I literally took one bite and left it was so bad. Went to subway next door instead FOOD:  Unbelievably lean and tasty. I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of my sandwich. oh and their pickles..... don't even get me STARTED they were  exactly how grandma used to make them and the pickles just topped it off. PRICE: Although the prices are a bit high you will definitely have leftovers for lunch the next day. CONCLUSION:  The portions sizes are very generous This is the best Jewish deli in Phoenix. Get the Harvey Triple Decker number 5. It's a beautiful thing.  and the food is not the same and the staff not the same Best corned beef in Arizona hands Down the sandwiches are big enough to share.  The place is what a typical deli should be and trust me I know delis. They have everything you can imagine on the menu.  The pictures on the wall are priceless and look like they have been there 30+ years.  just as it should be in a Jewish deli and the cheesecake was great.  Wish they had cheese knishes though." PxeX1M8WtyPxX1MuuGIh-g I just saw your truck driving down 7th Street in the most reckless dangerous way. Wow  and great service! I ordered a deli sandwich and was pleasantly surprised by the amount of meat on my sandwich. They did skimp on the mayonnaise and sauce so I asked for extra. Will definitely visit again!"  go elsewhere this place is all about the food. Had the hash this morning and like always  and both times have been successes.  They're a bit out of the way for us I probably would have rated this a 3-3.5 but the older ladies were just so sweet."  and they don't give change. They just expect a tip on top of their delivery charge. I will never deal with them again. They clearly enjoy telling the customer they're wrong and don't care about customer service." Six hours later my stomach is upset. I won't be returning. I may be calling the health inspector. Like many generational things  but with those top notch meals comes higher prices and long waits. Some days you just want cheap eggs and pancakes without a ton of effort. Scott's Generations is my go to for these days. I love walking in and automatically getting the feeling that you're in a mom and pop diner straight out of a Seinfeld episode (they sell black and white cookies!) The service is always friendly and fast. The food's not the best in town  this place is overrated. The food is forgettable  and the service PxeX1M8WtyPxX1MuuGIh-g  but not horrible.  I'd go back - not a lot of places to find lox here.  And they have Knishes.  I'll try that next."  and perfectly seasoned cow tongue (yum!). My friend got the Black Forest (which is smoked turkey and corned beef with actual carmelized onions on pumpernickel) and I got the Scott's Ruben-Ruben; both were SUPERB and large enough for us to take home 3/4's of them. We could not stop effusing or closing our eyes in happiness. The prices are standard; the options are endless; the service is fast It's just a great place to eat!!!  and frankly I'd rather drive the extra mile. No pun intended. Scott's does not give me ANY reason to return. The service is atrocious. I once stood at the counter for almost 5 minutes before being acknowledged. They should pack up and move back to NY where people are ok being treated like jerks for walking in the door." I would have given this a 1-star but other ratings indicated that some of the meatier items were satisfactory and I did not get a chance to try those. Unfortunately Scott's is definitely my go to when I want a little taste of the East Coast!"  the manager/owner took a call and refused to refund an order for a to go customer who was given the wrong order. He stated he couldn't perform a refund to the credit card  this would have been nice to know this when I ordered it and who runs out of sausage at a deli. The portions were very small for 10 bucks and the restroom was not clean at all....not too happy right now and still hungery....gerrrr" "Way overpriced.  There sub should be priced at 6.50 tops.  It's just okay at best.  Their pickle taste like its been marinated in salt.  The worse part about it was that my buddy wanted to go somewhere else but we went to this place on my suggestion.  Fortunately I just saw your truck driving down 7th Street in the most reckless dangerous way. Wow "This place is a favorite among my boyfriend's family and it's definitely become a favorite of mine. We try to make it a point to go here for breakfast at least once a month. Their bagels are the best in Phoenix! They put the toppings not only on the top Food is great and our waiter was great but food trickled trickled out of the kitchen. If your planning on a quick meal this isn't the place to go. Service was great.  Our waitress stayed on top of our needs. My associate and I  work in a CPA firm down the street.  We decided to go to lunch here. The environment is nice - not outstanding but the place was clean. I ordered the Rueben which was fantastic it completely met my expectations.  My associate ordered the Juan's Join the Club.  He was underwhelmed. He told me the sandwich was dry and that he would have to take the half he did not eatit home and freshen it up. Being from the east coast it is nice to have something that reminds me of home!  Great food and a little attitude! lol  Bagels are really good and one of the only places I know of in Phoenix to get a good knish!  The deli sandwiches are stacked with high quality meat! Do yourself a favor and stop in One thing I liked very much: they serve their soup and other lunch foods at breakfast-time."  and loose clothing bc the portions are incredible. Reminds me of back east. Be starving you leave satisfied.  The cooks in the back are amazing and are always curteous!  Try the Philly.  My favorite is Scotts rueben." I'll stick with braving the parking lot and traffic for Miracle Mile.  It's much easier to zip through their cafeteria line I don't know if it's a childhood thing but Scott's Matzo Ball soup is THE only thing that help with my ailments. Big dense matzo balls like my great aunt Betty would make. The Reuben isn't to be forgotten either. A traditional New York deli is hard to find in Phoenix. I had the New Yorker. Oh my! The rye bread was so good. Stacked high with both pastrami and corned beef. I can't wait to get back." See the ""Deli Man"" Movie and support a Deli!"  but worth it due to the amount you get (it would be nice if they did half sizes at a lower cost). Love the Scottwhich "New to the area so am trying out all the places near me. Scott's Generations Deli & Restaurant was on my agenda for today. Do I know anything about NY delis and matza balls? No. ( I cannot even spell matza ball). Do I know anything about ordering meats or deli fish? No. I'll just review what I know. And I know design It wasn't worth my lunch hour." "Had the Pastrami sandwich and it was satisfactory.  It was on the dry side.  It comes with fries and they were just fine.  Now Sorry to say that will be both my first and last time dining there."  not too salty or greasy like hash can sometimes be. My husband had the Eggs Benedict and he loved it. The place is in a strip mall I understand that Inspectors found 20 cockroaches under the sink at Scott's Generations. Lovely A great New York Style Deli. Huge portions and very tasty food. Breakfast is served all day. The corned beef hash is always really good and they sell lunch meat by the pound I mean good lunch meat by the pound the chicken noodle soup is so good and all the waiters and waitresses are great a definite must go I just can't get enough of their sandwiches! Best Cuban sandwich I've ever had. Drool. And I love the Scottwich and reuben.  the service is always good and the food is outstanding. They also have some of the best corned beef hash I've ever had. I recommend them to all my friends whenever I can." "I though all week about the the ""Ruben Ruben"" and the other sandwiches I saw on ""Check Please"" AZ. We had a cup of the Beet Borscht & a cup of the Chicken Noodle. The Chicken Noodle had a totally new taste and my wife asked to trade for the Beet Borscht (cold and tasted like pickled beet soup). I couldn't recommend either . Since when is a Philly Cheese Steak made with machined sliced roast beef So far I have been here about 3-5 time within the last 6 months. And I have to say I keep coming back because the food is amazing and the staff are great. They have a large menus of sorts I seem to stay in the breakfast area. But I have brought many people on over here to try a great place for food and experience.  we will not come back and feel so sad. We prefer to patronize local businesses but will cross this one off our list. :-("  this listing says ""Delivery"" and all over their website they advertise for delivery. I work 2 blocks away from the store so I thought it would be easy to order some breakfast. I called and was rudely put on hold before even greeted. After 5 minutes of being put on hold I requested to make a delivery order and was put on hold for another 2-3 minutes- when the lady got back on the phone she said ""I don't think the delivery driver can deliver right now""  sweep the floor.  If I'm going to pay above average prices for mediocre food "Don't get between me and the smoked fish platter. This out of date deli with its oversized booths and the ancient wait staff is the best. There isn't a thing on the menu I haven't enjoyed and then spent the next week trying to burn off. My last visit for brunch caused me to calorie restrict for the rest of the day and most of the next. If Scott's were the only restaurant I could go to Nice deli with booths to sit in and eat there.  They have a variety of foods from quick lunch food to full on dinners.  This place definitely has a nice deli vibe.  Very good Italian beef.  Greeted with a smile and friendly banter.  Will definitely visit again. long time I finally got my sandwhich. Expecting oozy swiss cheese. I could barely find it. The grilled onion  was inedible. How can you ruin onions?. I had to pull pieces out of my mouth. I don't think they were peeled. The pastrami was sky high but tough and not juicy. A tablespoon of coleslaw. Instead of french fries some kind of potato hunks  and they appear to appreciate the business. Scott's is already on the calendar for next months trip to the doctor." "This place has an amazing Reuben sandwich! The place could be a little cleaner We saw this place on Check Please Arizona and thought we'd give it try  bad. I would never try this place. It was dirty as well."  the corned beef and pastrami was very flavorful. The matzo ball soup was a huge disappointment..it was like malt-o-meal mashed in to a ball that had sat in a freezer and turned to a gelatinous blob  I did not deal with that guy. The lady who took my order was very sweet and the food was fantastic! I got the corned beef hash with white toast. Hash was out of this world with lots of green pepper and onions. Very moist and flavorful. Home fries were were well  seasoned and eggs were cooked perfectly as requested  I think it is a staff change which has not helped the restaurants atmosphere. But don't let that stop you PxeX1M8WtyPxX1MuuGIh-g  they did not know how to make matzo ball soup  there was not a single smile or  ""good morning"". I went to get coffee from Tres Leches Cafe next door and then to grab some food from the deli on the way out. I bought a breakfast burrito and a vegetable omelet and paid $18. The only thing positive about the experience was the amazing coffee next door. Even the owner/manager barely looked up to smile or greet a customer. Just really strange customer service--almost like they didn't want the business. By the time my friend and I finally sat down to eat Good bagels a little expensive for a toasted bagel and cream cheese. We also ordered the turkey sandwiches for lunch later on and they were decent but not worth $7 a piece. "There are several locations and there can be a huge differnce in product quality and service from one to the next. The 16th Street & Camleback location makes the absolute best chipotle turkey wrap (and I've tried it at four different locations). They layer the turkey  and there's nothing wrong with the food. But the staff leaves the coffee too long - it always tastes burnt / bitter / terrible (just go next door and get a Starbucks). They also take no interest in the cleanliness of the place - I have never seen someone come out and wipe down tables or sweep up debris. Staff turnover is high and competence is low; they tend to have an attitude."  taking orders to tables and bringing out fresh coffee.  The service was so quick and friendly!  Good job guys!"  I see a ton of bad reviews about all of the Einsteins. You would think corporate would take these reviews from the general population into some serious consideration. We may not be official food critics ahh its those darn coupons in the mail for two dollar tuesday and free bagel friday that rope me in. Usually i leave feeling like a fool for falling for it once again. Rest assured its bound to happen again."  but Einstein's has become rather bland and boring over the years Until you offer plain old unsweetened ice tea I'm not giving you your star back."  and there is nothing better in the world than a BLT on an everything bagel.  And they can do it right.  I'm sure there are quainter  this place just rocked.  they are super fast and if you get there at the right time The service here has always been quick and they almost always give just the right amout of cream cheese." Sometimes the line can get long so be prepared. Always good service and great food/well stocked.  but worth the wait...the bagels were fresh and delicious!  Sit on the patio at Camelback instead of at the main entrance on the back side...more space to spread out!  Very friendly staff too!"  I'm guess that most of the problems come down from the corporate level.  However Great service love their yogurt parfait with fresh fruit   it shows through all of your employees.  Keep up the great work!"  their Autumn brewed coffee is my favorite (you have no idea) and after asking 3 times for it and waiting 40 minutes and it still was not ready I have also filed a complaint with the Maricopa Department of Environmental Services which will be sending someone in to investigate the location and it's problem.  For your safety and those you care about  the young lady didn't greet me and refused to look me in the eye.  It's been a similar story with my previous visits.  The store seems to stay fairly busy in the morning hours.  I don't know if this contributes to the service problem or not.  Either way "Service has been only okay all three times we came here. Order was wrong 3/3 times. General manager gave me a free drink I recommend Einstein's for it's service and variety!" There was another indecent a week earlier where I ordered a Bagel Strudel and got some hard stale loaf of something with nuts and berries in it. I ate 1/2 and threw it away and never complained."  some locations are better than others- they are not always consistent."  we've ended up with a duplicate sandwich.  Neither time did either the order taker or cashier mention that we had two of the same sandwiches.  And the multiple sandwiches with incorrect items are simply a sign of the ""whatever"" philosophy this Einsteins has seemingly recently adopted.  This used to be the primo Einsteins in the Valley.  So good Its always great. (In the mornings) my asparagus egg mushroom bagel didn't have the sause it usually does and my chicken noodle soup was just not good. Next time Ill just come earlier. KNIw6kwf8LZkrS1lEnaLiw The bagels and coffee are good though."  two pumpernickel and a challah bun. That was all. I asked when I might be able to get say sesame or everything or plain and was told it would be about twenty minutes. Really 20 minutes? It only takes about 12 minutes to bake a bagel so in other words you don't plan to make any more. wtf Einstein's I didn't go there to buy cream cheese. I won't bother to stop again. smucks." XMjpiuy9AIF4LndEHrfgVA and shift leaders for the past 6 months. Yes! They treat their own workers with disrespect. I feel like I'm on a middle school campus when I'm there. I honestly believe my girlfriend  brought good customer service skills which brought repeat business to a place that already had a bad reputation ( look at the other reviews) .  Most of the customers that came in   then I said the bagel is cold because they had set it aside after toasting it & was hard. I just wanted a bagel :(  I shouldn't have to feel bad for paying for a product & service that I had no part in making."  received fruit.  Literally some of the most incompetent people working here.  Also their restrooms are disgusting.  Hope their corporate pays more attention soon." "First off I love Einsteins bagels. Been to many locations. This one is by my new job and already been 10 times in a month. I could eat a bagel daily. Too bad this place has worst service! Literally yesterday I walked in. There was one other customer just waiting for her order. The 2 employees behind the counter were too busy making fun of her to complete her order or take mine. It's like how dare I come in while they are busy talking. Every time no smile  ever. I waited 45 minutes for my first order the first time I came and they ran out of what I wanted so I didn't leave happy the first time...and this 2nd trip was the cherry topping- I called in my order to avoid having to wait..and make sure they would have wanted. 2 Asiago bagles with butter. Nothing complicated. They said ok and I got there...paid...and they made my order...waited another 30 minutes for the guy to call me over and say ""Hey we don't have any Asaigo bagels""...my jaw hit the floor. Then why why did why did I why did I pay for that? And I wait 30 minutes to find this out? His response was the worst part...""I had 3 people call out today"". That sounds like a personal problem & flaw in your business operation. I ended up grabbing the bag of plain bagels that I sufficed with and left the location telling the manager to their face I will never be back. Really disappointed Einsteins. No effort to recorrect my order." Only one person making food while not sure what others were doing in the back room.  Unless you have extra time....stay ear of this place if you can."  as another customer had to go back multiple times to get the correct order and I just wanted to eat. Paid a .55 cent up charge for the special bagel I didn't get. After reading the other reviews of consistent problems with incorrect orders  so the food is pretty standard. The employees could be happier and/or quicker." Love their sandwiches.  Never had the pizza.  Love the Italian cheese and desert treats selection.  Love the small but densely packed shelves of canned and bottled cooking materials."  it's next to Burland Jewelry.... so pick up a Mortadella Sandwich AND some diamond studded earrings all  in one stop = HEAVEN ;o)"  triangle shaped Italian pastries (kind of like a phyllo-croissant) filled with orange-flavored ricotta and sometimes candied citrus peel and bring it home for breakfast with a nice cup of espresso made on the stove." Niccoli's is like a little Italy right on 16th street! Check 'em out!"  throw the wrappings in someone else's wastebasket.  A day later mine still smells like vinegar and peperocini."  you got some schmootz there on the side-a your mouth from droolin.  Go over there to Niccoli's.  Get that taken care of." "Stopped in today for the first time and was amazed at how good and fresh their sandwich was. I got the Italian sub and it was AWESOME!!!!!!!!! I'm going back tomorrow to get a cheese steak  huge huge portion.  I'll have a nice breakfast tomorrow morning!  Regardless of being full I did indulge in my cannoli.  The filling was just like Zia Pietra's minus the chocolate chips and citron.  So delicious that I could not bear to leave a trace of it on the paper it came wrapped in.  Know what I did?  I licked the wrapper clean...yeah  and I'm not sure there's another generation waiting in the wings to take over.  Go and experience it before we lose this precious little gem of Phoenix history." I only purchased some hoggie rolls at this place but the bread quality was fantastic.  I'll be back to by some more yummy goodies at this place.  I make a mean cannoli filling. I get my cannoli shells from Niccoli's. :)" "Just go here and get the Italian Sub.  It's fantastic!  Also they have real deli meats and cheeses  and turkey subs.  All delicious.  Their cookies and pastries are delicious too.  Can't wait to try the pizza and lasagna.  Staff is super friendly too." this trip was the Italian beef. FANTASTIC!!" As you walk into this friendly little Deli Packed to the ceiling with what you can expect to find in any establishment that calls itself an Italian style Deli in the heart of Manhattan. . . Only in the north part of Phoenix. The owner and his wife have been bringing this authentic NY experience to AZ for around 35 years. All the Cheeses! The LASAGNA ! The Garlic bread! TREMENDOUS!!!! Best Meatballs in town. Italian Sandwich is outstanding as well. Great service and friednly atmosphere. Can't wait to try the Pizza.  it is a tiny Italian grocer that has fantastic food.  I am addicted to the Italian sub sandwich that has their famous Italian dressing.  I live very far from this place so I don't get here much anymore but I have to come here every once in a while for their olive oil.  It is very tiny and only has a few chairs so get your food to go.  You must stop in sometime and just check it out.  It is a little hard to find in the corner of a strip mall just North of Bethany on the West side of 16th Street."  but the quality is good and the place is local.  It is definitely worth the visit  best in valley.  Skip the fake Valley bakery's when you can have the real thing.  Delightful Couple small Business.  Husband Bakes and is also the Cashier.   I also purchased Fresh Rolls  and some of the nicest people you'll meet!!!" I love this place! The best pizza in all of Arizona! The subs are to die for. The grocery section you can spend forever in trying to decide what  you want to buy this time. The staff is what really makes this place fantastic. Joe and Pepe are two of the sweetest people one can ever meet. Oh yeah also try Joe's homemade sausages. The second time I went I gave one of their sandwiches a try. They were delicious!!! Again  really authentic and bursting with flavor." "Best Italian sub I've had. Very nice owners. Just be aware there's no place to sit  Drago Antico Pandolce Genovese Panettone of Genoa 1 Kilo Old Genoa's Cake $25.95 a crumb style Holiday Bread/Cake.   The Pannetones are all incredible especially Fig & Dark Chocolate Panettone from Colavolpe Approx $50.00 combination of sweet baked figs and dark chocolate.   Also It's a great place to stop in for lunch to grab an Italian sandwich - extra Italian dressing!" great hard to find items as well Fanatic little gem at 16th and Bethany Home Road; owners took great care of us.  Great selection in the grocery section.  Make sure to get the cannoli! Must come back and try the 'za sometime." I can't wait to some back!"  desserts and a small selection of Italian staples to take home.  The woman (co-owner???) behind the counter is very sweet and I'm very happy to patronize (what appears to be) a family-owned local business.  Having said that It is a great place with a lot of good food. Family owned and run Cannoli.  This review is only for the cannoli.  5 stars!  They fill it while you wait.  Crunchy outside shell and creamy filling.  Absolute heaven. PSS- The setting is extremely casual. Plastic tables with table clothes....but who goes to a deli for ambiance anyway?"  amazing family run Italian deli. Almost everything there is imported. Food is soo good "Sooooo delighted to have finally discovered this wonderful Italian gem! My sausage was delicious and Peppy was welcoming and gracious...I was treated like an old friend! Looking forward to experiencing the pizza "The Italian sub was very tasty. Coming back for the meatball Homemade bread with awesome chew and mouthfeel. Spicy capocollo ham. Dressing made inhouse - great pepperoncini heat. Owners are very friendly. I will be coming back here for sure."  meats and cheeses.  I just drove up ordered a sandwich and met the owners.  I am 100% certain I will be going back!"  Romanelli's has become too far a drive for me. But I'm definitely glad to have found this place in my new neighborhood! There's a good choice of products imported from Italy here Niccoli's is easily one of the best Italian delis in Arizona and it just happens to be owned and operated by two of the nicest people." T5HYqRADhAL6VPRAacz74Q If you are craving an east coast style deli then this place is for you." "The hubs and I were staying in this part of town for our anniversary.  Decided to give this place a try as we wanted good non-Subway sandwiches.  We arrived at about 10:45 am and the place was already hoppin'.  There was only one gentleman working so service was a tad slow but we didn't mind...we were on vacation after all.  And the food was well worth the wait!!  My husband and I split the Italian sub and the ham/provolone sub.  The subs had no mayo or mustard but had a delightful oil and vinegar-type sauce that definitely made the subs stand out.  We usually don't eat onions and both subs came with onions but we ate them and didn't mind them because the subs had such wonderful flavor  whether you go for ingredients to make your own meal or want to try something they make fresh it's totally worth your time. If they're not that busy  a package of pasta and our bill total was almost $80.00 . Well both my parents were Italian immigrants and homemade foods were a staple in our house. This is were my expierience went bad. The so called imported cheese was flavorless and it was the worse cheese I ever had and it costed  $27.00 for 3/4 0f a pound. What a descrase and what a rip off. The jar of peppers for almost $12.00 was tastless and already opened. I have never been so upset that people would purposly deseve hard working people out of their money a sell a infarior product and claim its something else. Shame on yo Niccoli's Deli. Maybe you can fool people who don't know better  1/2 lb of Hot Capicola and 1/2 lb of Mortadella totaling approximately $80.  We are from NY and have Italian in our blood. We are used to good Italian delis in NY.  Yours doesn't even come close.  I should have realized when there was no smell of cheese when we walked in. The sandwiches were ok If you're in the area and want some delicious Italian products "The best Italian sub I've had yet! The bread was so soft & fresh. The meat was extremely good. My husband's meatball sub looked amazing That's it. Now go get some good food." T5HYqRADhAL6VPRAacz74Q I can't wait to go in and try the meatball sub! This is a mom and pop shop! Go support LOCAL!!!!!" The best Italian sub I've ever had.  Another person in my party ordered a meatball sub and shared the same sentiments - absolutely delicious! Consume at your own risk." I rarely write reviews these days but Niccoli's deserves one. I stopped in to pick up their house made Italian sausage to make my favorite lasagna for Christmas day. I also grabbed a can of imported tomatoes and two sandwiches for lunch for me and the BF. I've eaten here before and I always get the Italian - it is DELICIOUS - totally messy and dripping in vinegar and oil. Yum. My only complaint is the prosciutto selection. I don't mind paying for quality but $34 or $42 a lb is pretty steep. I'd like to see a less expensive option. That said Niccoli's is a neighborhood gem and I'm happy I only live a few blocks away.  and customer service."  I kick myself for not finding this mom and pop family place sooner. I can't wait to go back to try something else...can't miss with this place its awesome." Love this place. Best Italian sandwich I've ever had. The Italian beef and there tuna sandwich with hot peppers where also definitely worth coming back for over and over again. My only complaint is the prices are high for the imported products from Italy. I understand I have to pay more for the importing but some of the prices are way beyond what I could ever conceive of spending on a single food item." T5HYqRADhAL6VPRAacz74Q  a great place for lunch if you're in the area!"  but I would consider this place again for a pricier but solid Italian meal (especially for takeout).  I will probably also try a more affordable item They also have some unique olive oils & other related grocery items that are hard to find."  they are sold out of sausage. Note to self: get here earlier. Settled on cannoli and biscotti. Cannoli are filled on the spot Came here because of the good reviews but if you've had decent Italian food you would agree this place is not up to par. The raviolis tasted freezer burned and the sauce tastes as if from a jar. Absolutely nothing great about this place. "Only tried a ""small"" antipasto salad and the cannoli so far but awesome! Friendly! Huge fresh salad! Best cannoli in Phoenix and my NY husband agrees! Will definitely go back!" Read about this place in Phoenix magazine and decided to try it. Living in East Mesa I was having higher expectations of finding a really good Italian Deli. What I found was an extremely over priced little shop in a strip mall. I did purchase some cannoli's at $4.00 a piece that turned out to be just average. I will update this once I try the pasta dishes :)"   it seems as though they have a restaurant attached to the deli called Poppy's Place. Have to check that out soon!"  melt-in-your-mouth meats.  It was the best version of this that I've ever had!  The owners and employees are always so friendly too." "Wow - how have I never been here before?  This place is incredible!  I stopped in one day on my way home from yoga to pick-up some lunch for the hubby and I.  The owners are so welcoming and kind and really made me want to hang out with them all afternoon.  I ordered the meatball sub By Far one of the best Italian Sandwiches in the US! This place is amazing! Hands Down. This place makes you not want to ever go to a subway ever again! Must Check this place out!  I am definitely going to come back and give their pizza and italian sandwich a try." Loved the lady who makes you feel like you're a guest in her home (Peppy is her name).  The cannolis were out of this world.  Different kind of filling; but excellent just the same.  and best of all my son in law bought lunch..  I took a menu I'm glad I stumbled upon this little tucked away gem. Best Italian sub I've had in the valley! We had some solid meatball sandwiches and the service was excellent. I found the homemade bread no better than supermarket though.  The prices of the menu items on the were high side and the grocery items outrageously expensive. I'll probably be back just to try something else.  the bread was good but the sauce had no flavor "I ordered the meatball sandwich and it was extremely sloppy and hard to eat. The sandwich was falling apart all over the place from the first bite. For $10 and no side  HOLY COW THEY ARE HUGE....and that is just  half!!!! She talked to me about the Italian culture and her marriage and she introduced me to coworkers and her husband was in the back working so i just shot him a friendly wave...I will definitely be back to try another sub or even the pizza...I will also bring my BFF who is Sicilian and I know she will love it. I am so happy I live so close to this Deli Chef John stamp of approval." I was going to give the place a 5/5 before I even tried the sandwich because everyone is so so friendly and the place smells delicious.  Then I tried the sandwich and seriously don't think I've ever had a better sandwich than that.  I just finished eating and I'm already ready to go back."  very best Italian sub I have ever had. Every bite gets better and better. I have been wanting to try this place for years and haven't had the chance. I'm bummed I didn't do this sooner!!!!! This sandwich has ruined it for any other Italian sub I might try...but then again I probably won't knowing this one is untouchable. Total perfection."  customer service and the pasta I cooked later that week. Good experience overall"  the Awesome Customer Service.... Everything I have ever bought at Niccoli's is beyond delicious!  The deli meats Returned and got the Italian Sub. For $9 you get a Italian Sub with 5 quality meats  is delicious. The owners are also very pleasant and friendly. They have wonderful grated cheese and other Italian cooking supplies in their grocery store. There is a dining area as well. Very mom and pop place with local proprietors." I've only had dreams of an Italian sub as good as the one you get at Niccoli's! We regularly get meats and the fresh mozzarella to enjoy at home. The people are always so nice and the food is superb. Hands-down the best Italian sub you'll ever have.  the seating isn't great but they've invested in a really nice tv to watch the news on and the owners are just sooo great. Get the Italian sub with extra peppers. You won't regret it!" Customer service is AMAZING! You can definitely feel like you're part of their little family in there. They also sell a lot of imported goodies too!"  beginning when I worked in the same parking lot and found this gem. The owners are great people and a lot of love goes into their food. I love their sandwiches on fresh bread "Most AMAZING Italian sub ever and cookies were quite yummy too! Peppy the wonderful face of the business  a quart of their marinara and the cavatelli. Will definitely stop back.. Delicious!"  she always welcomes me warmly.  Joe is a master behind the deli line.  I love supporting local when it's on this caliber." Come on Sunday and then walk down to PetCo. (or is it Petsmart?) and visit the adoption dogs." "It was great to find a New York / Jewish style Deli in the middle of Phoenix on my last trip out there.  Miracle Mile doesn't hold back on their servings and prices albeit a tad high  but upon entering-go right for my favorite (the pastrami on french).   Other family members swear by the ""straw'.  I have been eating here for 30+ yrs. and the product has NEVER changed.  Truly amazing!  My husband  MM is a lot cleaner.  This cafeteria style deli is the best.  I always get the Pastrami.  The corned beef is good too." One thing that does sort of freak me out is when I get in line and it is my turn to order the guy taking the order always alerts his co-workers to look at me and they mutter in Spanish quickly and then smile and go back to business. It has happened every time I have been to this or any other location. I know why they are looking but they are so blatant it is strange. Oh and yeah some white guys understand Spanish too." I CAN'T wait to go back!   (Probably in between shopping 8 hrs at Last Chance)"  and a neighborhood following still holds strong after all these years.  Success clearly hasn't changed this family recipe."  it resembled a glorified cafeteria with plenty of seating YAY!! When it comes to deli you can't be a snob to decor - my true test is a pastrami and corned beef sandwich and they clearly received the thumbs up! While they only had potato knishes.....their selection of other goodies made up for it. I will be back. =0)"  just don't expect the Second Coming." What's good about this place is it has plenty of space the staff seems very attentive and it is clean and the sandwiches are delicious with pretty large portions. Not huge or anything but decent. I did think it was a little pricey considering I could get a bigger better sandwich at subway for about $3.00 cheaper. This place in not bad. Run of the mill a little pricey. But would not be opposed to going here again."  and centrally located makes this a great place to meet people for lunch.  My only complaint is it's very hard to find anything healthy and the price is a tad high for the quality/ambiance." fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg  yea once. I don't recommend it Bluck!"  big portions. Not sure about how healthy the food is - it seems a bit greasy / fatty. But there's definitely something here for everybody in your party 2FiNCj5rM3nF0qgaWf86Gg  try ""The New Yorker"".  It's similar to ""The Straw"" but with corned beef and coleslaw.  All sandwiches include fries and a pickle spear.  You can add everything from macaroni and cheese to steamed veggies on the side.  A typical lunch will set you back $10-$11  I go to Miracle Mile and order a straw sandwich on onion roll with a potato pancake and homemade apple sauce on the side.  It is a total guilty pleasure.   They've been in the Valley since 1949 and when I was a kid we used to go to the Christown location every weekend. My grandma used to always order the polish sausage  and my mom loved the hot brisket sandwich.  Even though it's not an authentic Jewish deli  or one of those 'other' meats you will walk away satisfied. I usually order the New Yorker on rye bread with a potato pancake and a Dr. Browns cream soda. Mmmmmm"  a ham sandwich on 2 day old bread and a fatten up you child kid's meal with milk and one adult small soda. Would have had a better sandwich and salad at Subway for a lot less. But I suppose if you try something else on the menu it might be worth the visit." fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg Since it is right near my office I fear I may be suckered into going here again "So I was reading an online discussion board about the best sandwiches in Phoenix and this place was suggested a few times.  I figured since it was pretty close to my hotel I'd give it a try for dinner one night.  I ordered a Veggie New Yorker.  My first mistake was ordering it on plain sourdough bread...you need a heavy duty roll to stand up to the sauce and the cole slaw they put on there.  I thought my sandwich was pretty tasty I have been coming to this Miracle Mile for tons of times..  Always love it.  It is clean My only dislike? The place looked and felt just like a school cafeteria. I'd rather not revisit jr high  I have to say I think my favorite thing might have been the pickle. For $11 bucks really  but you will certainly get a full stomach for around $10 The only redeeming factor in the meal was when I tried some of the Straw sandwich (pastrami  and its all pretty good. I'm a big fan of the matzo ball soup here and the sandwiches are all piled high with meat and cheese. It's a little pricey but worth it for the large selection. Is this a traditional back east deli? No MM has been notified and I am to receive a gift certificate for my 2.95. I was given the option of returning it but it's over a 40 min drive." my advice: go an extra mile to steer clear of this glorified cafeteria."  meaning potato pancakes are being cooked every weekend in every Polish church parking lot for miles around.  I've found a cure for my PA summertime homesickness: Miracle Mile Deli."  it was great. Service was fast. Price was average. I'd go again." It's also not particularly cheap.  My prison plate was $9.73 with the tax.  Not recommended."  so was happy to see a nice selection of salads to choose from. Ordered a grilled chicken salad that was simply divine. Large portions of chicken served over crisp lettuce and a balsamic dressing to die for. Very yummy and satisfying lunch. A great find in Phoenix!"  but $10 for a sandwich and drink definitely makes it not worth it. I would visit more often than 1 or 2 times a year if it were not so expensive. Yea The employees are always friendly and the place is always CLEAN!!! Whoever is doing the hiring there is doing an amazing job." fries.  the brisket was dry and the service was awful.  The ruben was awful." P.S. Make sure to check in on Foursquare..they've got tons of great specials for those who use the application!" http://www.facebook.com/miraclemiledeli"  provide the perfect marriage between great meat and great bread. Their brisket and pastrami sandwiches are so good that every time I bite into them Came here yesterday so I could get my car washed at Danny's while having lunch (this works out perfect to kill 2 birds with 1 stone).  I always get the New Yorker on rye and it never lets me down.  They have great coleslaw and thousand island dressing so the flavor with the pastrami and rye work out perfect.  I like that there are a thousand tables here and 2 lunch lines so they can really pump you through quickly.  You can tell the quality of the food is top notch and service is always great. "I've been eating at the Miracle Mile Delicatessens for over 45 yrs now. What makes these guys special is that the consistency is the same regardless the store or the decade. They are making the same fabulous Straw sandwiches & brisket of beef today that they were making in the 60's. Family owned & the pride shows. I'm looking forward to eating here for another 4 plus decades  and they have multiple valley locations.  yummy!" "Mmmmmm..a Combo please!  Pastrami and Corn beef together at last on a soft onion bun with Swiss cheese (or without)..best thing when you are craving MEAT! Yep fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg I am such a fan of this deli because they offer quality food at a very reasonable price. It has a real East Coast feel when you walk in and the staff is super friendly. I would recommend anything on the menu and don't forget the fries! I'm not going to run down everything I've eaten over the years; you know what deli's have to offer and this place is no exception.  Get your matzo/pastrami/corned beef/chicken soup on fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg  and the sandwich was just okay.  I say take your $13 and go to Texaz Grill!!!  WAY better food I was really impressed with the food here... I need to go back ASAP and get the stuffed Cabbage Rolls... Lots of great food to warm you up on these cold winter days." One of the best Delis in Phoenix !! "I've eaten the hot brisket of beef sandwiches on onion rolls at Miracle Mile for over thirty years. I no longer live in Phoenix but I must visit every vacation usually more than once. I first ate at Chris-Town and then Park Central and then Arrowhead and now Colonade. The brisket is as good today as it was in 1980.  I know the corned beef  so I can't comment on the rest of the menu but everything looks delicious here and I am sure it all is.  The pastrami and corned beef are amazing i've never had a bad experience here."  get it one an onion roll! This is a huge sandwich  this place is just an overpriced sandwich shop with bad service. Not sure what is special here  especially if you want an order to go. The sandwiches usually come with fires or sides like coleslaw or potato salad. Unfortunately  but I don't recall them serving it on a daily basis. Another excellent choice is their split pea soup. The nice thing about Miracle Mile is that they serve a specific menu of dinner entrees for each day of the week. Try their hot turkey dinner  airier feel than I remembered. But the service is just as fast  and the portions will leave you stuffed to the max!" Awesome food and great service.  Their reuben sandwich w/ fries is to die for!!! Best deli i have ever been to! Have been a loyal foodie fan since it's inception at the old christown mall. The newer location Rocks. Great food & Prices. The busers are awesome- you feel like you are being waited on by top notch servers and they arent even servers! just because its a deli doesnt mean the service experience is underrated.Please TIp  these awesome servers- they deserve it! It is my moms favorite deli also....we will continue to be loyal foodie fans of this awesome deli.FYI- Best Rueben Samy i have ever had! fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg "Miracle Mile is the best lunch in town!!!! I've been going here for 20 years. They put so much into each and every meal/sandwich. They will make any modification you want. Meatloaf Amazing sandwiches and probably the best servers/staff of any restaurant I've been to. Great choices and gourmet sandwiches available that comes with a handful of sides and a pickle. Condiments on every table and a tray of free water at the end of the counter. All smiles around. Such a great place. I can complain about the price but I just keep coming back anyway! It's that good! My favorite is the Pastrami and Swiss on marble rye and make sure you ask for the thousand island dressing!!!"  which were plenty.  The pricing was well within our budget.  I have been asked list them as ""keepers"" for future event catering.  We'll be seeing you again!" Had lunch here withRobyn N. and Rand H. I had the #1 straw  which consisted of pastrami on a bun with saurkruat and and mozzarella cheese and a potatoe pancake.well the potatoe pancake was only 3 stars and the sandwich was not bad but not as good as scotts generations. I like deli's and this one did not shine over the others I have been to.  with a smile and full of joy. Best place to come while dieting!"  most of the menu looks pretty appetizing. Since I live nearby now "Ate here as a kid when it was at Park Central Mall.  The sandwiches are just as good at this Collonade location.  I like the beef brisket and the fries are always yummy.  It's just good My only gripe is that the sandwich I ordered wasn't as requested the positive about this place is that your food is prepared VERY quickly. if you are looking for a quick lunch  but this place had a really extensive menu offering something for everyone.  I just stopped in for a snack I don't know how anyone could ever give this amazing place less than 5 Stars.  I had the New Yorker on an onion roll and potato pancakes.  I haven't been here for years because I live so far away but it is just as amazing as ever.  The pastrami was stacked high and the sweetness of the coleslaw and Thousand Island mixed with the fresh roll is absolute perfection.  The potato pancake was crispy on the outside and full of flavor!  The Restaurant is set up cafeteria style and they keep you moving.  The service and hospitality are quick and top notch. There is not much else to say - if you want cafeteria style deli and you want it done right - this is the place to get it."  soups and deserts to choose from.  I ordered the ""New Yorker"" Piled high with Hot Pastrami topped with homemade Cole slaw and Miracle Mile Dressing $9.79.  Sandwiches come with your choice of sides and a pickle. I cannot remember ever having better Pastrami.  Service was friendly as expected.  I will probably go back tomorrow.  :-)" Some thing are ok here. Some things sit in the heat bins way too long and get tough. Prices are a bit high for quality of food here. I guess this is probably one of the better delis in town if you can not make it to Cassellas in Scottsdale or NY Hero in Downtown Phoenix." wound be the first place I eat at." One of my favorite lunch locations"  all I can say is they have cabbage rolls !! There awesome ! Old school food nothing fancy just hearty classic stuff." The food was good but I just didn't like the atmosphere. It seems more like a cafeteria than a deli. Long live Miracle Mile Deli!"  whatever that is. Seemed to be the only thing my friends thought was. Missing. I didn't save room for dessert which I regret. That bread pudding and cheesecake looked fierce. When I go back (for more pickles) I will remedy that." Since I cannot have my mom's chicken soup when I am sick I will keep coming back." "Best pastrami sandwich in the valley. Go for the New Yorker. Enormous. Filling. Delicious. You will feel fantastic after this experience. Don't forget to get a Dr. Brown soda  if not the best in Phoenix." Unless you are fond of imitation cheese pass on the grill cheese sandwich. Everything else looked good."  unless someone takes me and orders something amazing for me." I recommend this place everyone and anyone! The best place to ever get a pastrami sandwich!" You don't stay in business as long as MM unless your doing something right."  and interior is going to fade away as the generation that supported it eventually passes on. If you're under 60 and not from the east coat  they actually solved the problem!  I love that.  Now they have some decent vegetarian items.   When I just get a gift certificate from some corporate PR flak  dessert and again service. They are always clean n friendly. I am in love with there turkey sandwich. They make it exactly how I want it . Sounds crazy but sometime restaurants over due the simplest things. All I can say is if you looking for a place to grab something savory this is the place to go. Did I mention the service? Lol"  the food was delicious and the place was clean. I would recommend this to family and friends." "WE LOVE MIRACLE MILE. Their hot pastrami sandwiches are the best. The fresh onion rolls are delicious with hot brisket. One of our favorite lunch outings. I would recommend to anyone who loves a good sandwich the best pastrami you'll find anywhere........another favorite of mine is their mac and cheese........I just wish they had a place closer to me again so I could go there more  and the bread is soft. They have awesome options. Best sandwiches ever! This is a must go to." OMG I haven't even been there yet and I love this place my husband Pete just won a year of free pastrami YUM! Plus it's right next to Last Chance. Double win."  or any deli-type fare. I have no idea what their fruit salad or their pancakes taste like and you shouldn't either. Order real deli food and I guarantee you will be satisfied!" Had the stuffed cabbage. delicious!!!!!!! Side of veggies and water. Will definitely be back. OH! And to Kyle S. Who has his taste buds set on Big Mac's and Dorito's. I am quite sure this fine establishment will be here way past your expiration date. So there is no need for you to return and ruin your youthful vibe to choke down a meal that was made in house instead of pressed and steamed at a factory overseas."  you just cannot beat a good deli and this place rocks. I was overwhelmed by the choices but the Rueben was calling. As you walk through he line you just point and ask and pick it up at the end. After biting into my sandwich I could understand why it was crowded. Good food and prices. Service is quick and with a smile. This is a must stop Make sure you have time for a wait as this place is always packed during lunch time.."  something new and great: chicken enchiladas! Never thought a deli could make such good chicken enchiladas Decided to stop in for lunch today since I wasn't totally sure what I was wanting and knew I'd find something here. I decided on 1/2 of a pastrami sandwich with mac & cheese (it was a special today) and fries since my 1/2 of my sandwich comes with two sides. It was still a bit to much food but that's ok. Service is always great and it is always very clean. The staff is always friendly as well. Will certainly keep this spot in mind again for lunch soon.  so I had an omelet.  You get 5 out of a too-short list of add-ins.  Wish there was more kinds of cheese.  But the ingredients were all fully mixed-in and quite tasty." I went in on a Friday around 10:45 and I was the only person in line.  So I guess I missed the lunch crowds everyone else is talking about!" Great place for lunch! Their pastrami sandwich on sour dough bread is one of the best in town.  it's creepy alright. Had the pastrami hash $10 for an infant sized portion. I don't know how this place is even around. It's a sad weird place frozen in time. Avoid at all costs. I've done the work for you now eat elsewhere."  and your memory of the hot pastrami on a kaiser roll will be the only thing worth remembering from your visit to Miracle Mile. You might also remember the time you assaulted that friendly New Yorker  always consistent! ! And...food looks like their pictures when served !!" "This is a place we visited after seeing it on Diners Drive Ins and Dives. It is a dive but the food was really good. I would suggest the pastrami sandwich Absolutely fantastic parking!" This place is legit! We ordered the New Yorker and the turkacado! Both were excellent! Not sure if they had a toasted bread option but that would be my only recommendation! This place knows what they are doing! Staff was friendly and service was so fast! We even checked in on yelp and got a free Mac and cheese which was delicious!! Definitely recommend this place!  I have been robbed. I was getting cat food at the adjacent store and tummy was rumbling so I stopped in to get a sandwich. I got the pastrami with slaw sans dressing on an onion bun with a side of mac and cheese. OMG! It was so delicious I actually called my husband at work to rave. Pastrami was super tender gratefully not completely stripped of the mandatory marbling I'm sure sets it apart from other pastrami I had historically steered clear of. Mac and cheese was the gooey traditional kind with a thick coat of cheese on top. Coleslaw was sweet "Plain sandwiches and too high a price. Maybe its because transplanted or formers new yorkers are used to paying 40 dollars for 3 average sized sandwiches and two fountain drinks. Maybe its the nostalgia of a delicatessen Huge portions but the food is amazing. My fav is the straw sandwich.  I sometimes get half sand w fries or fruit or pasta salad or  soup in the winter.  The veggie soup is amazing! So fresh w big chunks of veggies. fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg big portion and very satisfying. I also recommend the kaiser roll with your menu choice. We went with a crowd and everyone was satisfied." The place is packed at lunch and a little more expensive for a to-go sandwich than usual (about $10-12) but it's worth every penny." I am going to give them another try for lunch.  The owner was so helpful in his response.  Thanks." "They moved a few miles away. Good food. Not cheap. No parking and had to park on the street. It's a lot smaller than the other place  the service is superb. We're regulars now. Gotta try this place out!"  ownership that brings its people WITH when they move?  People like Gerardo who know u and remember u and Troy the manager who will help u do anything u need which would undoubtedly include cutting your meal if needed.  The food is amazing... Got to have good food AND service and they do.  Love us some Miracle Mile!" I have been to this restaurant several times with the last time being about 9 years ago. With that said I will say this place has definitely changed. I ate the stuffed cabbage and my wife ate the straw sandwich. The food was okay but not great as in the past. The new location on 16th street is small in comparison and parking is cramped. On busy days you will be hard pressed to get served in a timely fashion. Chances of me eating here again will be slim. "Hands down the best deli around!! I always get the brisket of beef on an onion bun. So tender and delicious!!! Now that I've written this  the regular speard of cold sammies and a few hot sandwiches too."  past the ducks and turtles who are enjoying the pond.    I am so happy to be able to support Sammy and his small business without sacrificing anything!"  best BLT (comes with avocado!) I've ever had. Sami the owner is always on location and makes sure you are taken care of.  The food is fresh  you need to give this place a try...it is truly one of the best sandwiches I've had in at least a year or two.  I will be going back...REAL SOON."  although I took my sandwich to go.  I'll be back to this deli / market for sure - I live and work super close by!" I frequent this establishment bi-weekly and always get a legit sando. Not too many Deli's in Phx that are that classic Deli/Convenient store combo like you find on every few corners in Cali  delicious sandwiches and boasts Boar's Head quality meats and cheeses.  I was so happy when I stumbled across this place.  It feels like a true ""corner"" deli.  The sandwiches vary between $5-6 a pop with a wide assortment of options.  They certainly don't skimp on the fixings.  My simple turkey and salami on sliced wheat bread was a good 2.5 inches tall.  They also have a great selection of beverages and beers to compliment your sandwich selection.  We sat outside to enjoy our sandwiches and watched a steady stream of happy customers I stopped in quickly for bottled water and walked out with a delicious bacon turkey club piled high with turkey. Surprisingly... Amazing!! The fresh bacon makes it mouthwatering. Docked one star because they lacked personality & admittedly don't use Yelp!  roast beef) & the turkey-ham on a wheat roll was filling and delicious!  We will be going back." Worst bathrooms on earth really dirty gone down hill fast avoid at all cost 1/3 pound burger looked like a happy meal ! My date got food poisoning Pass it by! It's nice to have a bodega on this side of town. The deli keeps it classic with their offerings but their ingredients are top notch. I visit here about once a month to get my sub sandwich fix.  and all the other necessary convenience items." "Strip mall mediterranean. Unbelievably clean place with unbelievably sweet owners. The chicken gyros This is the kind of mom and pop business I like supporting. They are very nice." ejfy33R1avFm7oygL34uQg I will definitely be coming back.  I can't wait to try more!!!!!!"  I agree this place is a gem.  I have always had terrific food here (the gyros and salad's  are awesome).  ALWAYS fresh.  A little expensive considering it's a dive (a very clean one though).  And i have had co-workers complain they don't give you enough food.  But giving 5 stars based on the quality of the food"  although the uber-convenient location of Elie's may mean that I return a few more times. I will definitely update if I go back and try something more on-point." I wish the Valley had more places like this."  even resorting to making my own but it is never the same as Elie's. Elie is so warm and inviting as she serves you herself. Prices are a little high but so is the quality. The fries are fresh and so is the meat. The pitas are so soft and fresh  are the grape leaves. they used to have such good ones...and it was a main reason i kept coming back. also their yogurt with cucumbers (not exactly like tziki And don't forget CASH ONLY means no debit cards! BTW That's a shout out for the dude who came in behind me who said ""what  it's quiet and we enjoy a leisurely meal with some really great healthy food.  Favorite is the grilled chicken pita wtih hummus.  Don't know how he seasons the chicken but it is to perfection with a slight hint of garlic.  Sometimes I get it with rice - yum!  Everything is really fresh and cooked to order.  Portions are generous - you won't go away hungry.  Just writing this makes me want to go back NOW!" "Elie's is the best in town! I love the feta gyro and the mixed meat salad. The pita bread is light and fluffy and the hummus is excellent! All are FANTASTIC! Portions are big. Customer service is wonderful! It is a little high in cost "i've gone back to elie's and took note that the grape leaves are back on the menu I need to try this place one more time and see if my experience is comparable.  If it is  and he owner / chef was friendly and nice to talk to.  We had the chicken gyro with feta and the classic beef gyro.  The roasted veggies on the gyros added flavor and nutritional content.  The pitas were extremely soft and fluffy.  You must try the hummus -- it's homemade and fresh with a bit of lemony taste to it." Definitely best gyros in Phoenix  with friendly service and good food. You should check it out!" "Two stars is ""Meh.  I've experienced better"" which is how I felt after eating at Elie's Deli.  I had a greek salad with grilled chicken and it was just ok.  My colleague had the falafel and she said the same thing about her meal.  Bottom line ejfy33R1avFm7oygL34uQg  but C'mon I'm in there too eat.  The woman has remembered me and my wife despite a number of weeks between visits.  This place is very refreshing in an era of dying customer service.  Don't judge a book by it's cover because you'll miss out on this gem." I would definitely recommend everyone go give them a try." "Just about now you are wondering are these reviews for real.well they are the food is first rate. It was just delicious. The brother and sister that run it are proud of their business and they have a right to be the food is first rate. They have been in the food business for 30 years and they care about what they do. They shop everyday themselves no deliveries because they are so particular about the food they serve. The place is super clean and they have an outstanding inspector rating. Best of all their 90 year old mother was still working taking pride in what she does not because she has to because she wants to. I am sorry we did not get here sooner  the menu is much more extensive than Mediterranean food . You can dine-in or take-out. They have American style deli sandwiches and burgers too...some things I'll have to try the next time I come to Phoenix. Maybe. If I don't get the gyro again." Great lil mom and pop joint had the chicken gyro and salad. Salad was fresh and crisp gyro was tasty  your order comes out FAST (i got my hummus and falafel pita within minutes of ordering--i barely had time to sit down!).  this is a little hole in the wall deli off 44th and thomas but well worth a visit. i haven't tried the famed gyro yet but i'm looking forward to it!"  elie's is now closed for good. they were sweet people who served good food. i hope they are okay  this was the saddest day of the year when Elie's Deli closed its doors.  I honestly almost cried." Bagels for the office - fine.  Go for it.  They'll even pre-cut them which I think is a great option.  And they almost always have my fav (pumpernickel) available which gives them bonus points.  But for lunch?  Unless you're really having a very specific craving that Compared with the real deal in NYC or even some of its independent counterparts around Phoenix Edit: They have cleaned up service a bit.  Haven't had a single problem in several months." 5Js9G0axfWhbYlB9UgXLww Get the asiago cheese bagel with sun-dried tomato cream cheese!!!!!!!!! I'd probably give more stars if EVERYTHING was a bit cheaper...." Had a coupon for a free bagel and shmear from facebook so went in for my usual sun dried tomato bagel toasted with plain cream cheese.  I swallowed it down with a lemonade.  The bagels here are always pretty good and the breakfast sandwiches are good too. Love that they have the dozen to go bagels ready and boxed.  Ran in and ran out and back to the office to feed the team!  and their mass produced and over priced bagels aren't much better. I spent $6 on a bagel Went in today for a bagel an cream cheese. I used to always get a sun dried tomato bagel and today I found out it's discontinued. :( I will not be coming back anymore.  I warn you. Some of the employees don't pay attention."  I ordered my bagel with cream cheese (cream cheese being a $1.50 option) to go and that was my real mistake.  Whoever made the bagel didn't even manage to slice all the way through the bagel and put an amount of cream cheese approximately equivalent to a pat of butter on one-half of the bagel.  The other half was basically dry.  Unbelievable.  Needless to say  and I'd probably visit every morning if one was a bit closer to my house. But when did it become so pricey? Einstein was an old college hangout Looks like they have a new menu. The line is long at times. Service is fast once I was able to order. Overall very average. The service was slow. We asked about our order and they had skipped right over it. The half and half is always empty and we typically need to ask for it to be filled. There seem to be a lot of people on staff but still very very slow.   Their prices seem high for the product that you receive.  out of creamer for the coffee."  the pretzel world and the bagel one. And I love their cream cheese. It is light and fluffy. Plus it actually fills me up. As far as service and other conditions of the place. Eh I never been too bothered to notice. The guy who takes my orders now remembers my name  I was in a deep craving of fruits and this was the closest spot to me that Thursday that offered such small craving to-go. The service was okay/good. Could have been better."  enjoyed my bagel and tasty coffee Overall I'm a fan! Want to check this place out? I say give it a go!" It was very clean and just calm inside of Einstein on this lovely Sunday morning"  there's now more of a demand for both of these.  You can make more of them to meet the demand or don't and demand will go down from people like me not coming back to your store.  Dunkin Doughnuts  a dab of cranberry sauce and a mediocre turkey lunch meat slice for $8... Not worth it. Very disappointed. Good orange juice though."  and the last straw was the gross bathroom. You can tell it had not been cleaned in months. There was so much grime on the sink and the paper towel dispenser I was majorly grossed out. It makes me wonder how clean the kitchen area really was. My order was wrong which Happens no big deal... On top of that I have never had good customer service there- next time I will drive the extra 10 minutes out of my way to the location on Tatum and shea's- they're always friendly and it's very clean there." This Einsteins is always kicking. They do a good job of getting through the lines that happen prior to 10. The manager is very present and interacts with the customers frequently. They offer free wifi and don't mind if you hang out for awhile. The only opportunity would be cleaning. It is not always kept up after the morning rush. Girl at front counter was in a very bad mood didn't even say hi....  dirty and rude.. last time I'm coming here My daughter and I had a yummy breakfast. Fast service. Coffee is delicious. Bagel skinny sandwiches were good. I waited 20 minutes for my asiago bagel and I was the only one in the dining area  but they forgot about it and burned my bagel. Service is terrible.  strong coffee & a generous military discount. I'll definitely be coming back! Free wifi and ample seating The place is hopping early on sunday. We  stopped by to purchase bagels they have a large variety  they are very fresh . They lines moves quickly and also a large variety of smrars.staff is friendly . Only issue is their parking lot Service was quick - but all I had ordered was a sesame bagel with cream cheese. So I should be quick.  All I will say is that they barely put any cream cheese on the bagel!! I had to pull the bagel apart just to see they remembered to put it on!  suggest a good bagel place for me." 4 stars for the food; 1 star for the service."  tall is (as far as I know) the only term for Starbucks for) small size. But I consumed all my bagel just in time until the boss walked into the office today."  especially for the price) but WOW does the service stink. Last straw - only 1 person behind counter removing bagels from the baking racks. Looked right at me a few times but never said a word to me. Really Standard leaded coffee is good.  Recommend the breakfast bagel sausage sandwich on a six cheese bagel and their fresh squeezed orange juice.  Service is good.  Everyone is hustling and trying to get people thru as quickly as possible." Coming here is our weekend routine. But this is the second time in a month that they've been out of everything bagels. It's hard to go back with a 50% chance they won't have what you want. My favorite part of Einstein Bagels is that I can get breakfast at lunch time. Breakfast is my absolute favorite meal of the day  but this is the third weekend in a row that they've been out of everything bagels. Really?!?!" I've had some trouble with them being out of Everything bagels. But they seemed to have changed their process and had plenty of bagels today!!  We were moved quickly through the line and were in and out quickly. Friendly staff too. Top notch experience and love those Everything bagels!!  bacon sandwich.  It was filling and priced appropriately.  It needed a sauce of something herbaceous and then would've deserved additional stars.  No napkin in the bag.  Glad I had one in the car!" My bagel is the EASIEST THING EVER to remake. I am SUPER LOYAL to Einstein's "My biggest complaint is having to order at one computer then having to stand there and listen to it reread two feet away by a totally different person. Why does it even need to be loaded in the first computer? It really slows down the line and half the customers change their order I.e. Drink size I will never come here agen. The girl that took my order was illiterate. Had to repeat myself multiple. She was not professional at all talking in slang to the point were she could not be understood at all and trust me I know slang. Then she forgot my ice coffee that I orderd. She then proceed to make the coffee but I had no idea what she was doing or how much of creamer/ caramel to put into the cup. Another employ had to stop and shower her what to do eventually he took over and made my coffee him self. This whole process  was way to time consuming. I will not be returning here to any location. Much better off going to your competitor Starbucks and Dutch Bros. "I said I would never come here agen because of the horrible services I received last time. However my bf wanted to come here because he likes your sandwitches. So I agreed to tagging along. The gentleman in front of use walked out out and said to use befor he left that he had been waiting for over 10min and not one of the employs had acknowledged . being that we were very hungry and had not eaten breakfast we decided that we would wait still. We the only people in line waited another 8min. Not one of your employs said hello Line wasn't bad and service super sweet. I'll be back"  your a bagel shop. You definitely need some training in inventory/product management. Won't be wasting my time here again. Oh by the way It's simple mismanaged."  I always love visiting Einsteins on Indian School and 44th St becausewhen I'm in town because I love the jalapeo bagel toasted with jalapeo cream cheese. My visit back today was absolutely less than a wonderful experience. The staff seems ""rushed"" yet the store wasn't that busy I saw Einstein Bagels and pulled in.  I had never eaten at any Einstein Bros. before but I was super happy with my decision.  I got a egg and cheese everything bagel.  It hit the spot This location is always pretty busy. Fast and friendly service. I love the lox bagel! They also have a deal on Mondays for $6 bagels so you can be the hit of the office. Good local deli. Solid food & ok service. Big turnover of help & mgrs & pkg tricky. Overall recommended but get there early.  delicious feta yogurt dressing. Their soda sizes vary from an extreme small size to a large size cup that looks like a take-out-won-ton soup container. They have a great selection of iced teas and lemonade that make for great Arnold Palmers. Whenever I'm in Phoenix  I came to learn that there were a handful of good sandwich spots around that provided an excellent alternative to fast or cafeteria food. Back in AZ Hello???  Hot firemen and good sandwiches??  Yum yum yummie."  kind of sloppy and made with sub-standard quality ingredients.  I would actually rather get a sandwich from subway.  And it it way too loud to sit inside this place.  I wish it was better then it is because I can literally walk here from my house.  The salads are pretty good.  I'll give them that."  maybe noisy for some but I'd rather be in a place that feels busy and alive than the only one eating my sandwich. My  favorties are the Improv and the Gothic (warm sandwich). All sandwiches comes with a little cookies which is always pleasant I find. Only negative and I'll admit to ignoring the suggestion is that there is a sign by the owners that ask those who have ""regular"" sized cups to not refill. Not very customer friendly I think. But Go to Opa Grill next door instead." The sandwiches and salads make up for it I'll be inventing those napkin mittens before I come back to this place again."  I usually run to Subway where I can get a meal for almost half the price of Sacks."  that's one stellar way to sum up Sack's. Just shrug. Go on. Do it now. Shoulders up. Shoulders down. Yep. That's exactly how I feel about this place."  which takes some of the freshness away. Exotic flavors of iced tea like mango and pineapple green are a plus too If you like BLT's with avocado you MUST try the Jazz it is delightful!" My only dislike about Sacks is that is can get pretty loud at lunch.  It's usually crowded between 12-12:30 so I try to go early or after 1 pm.  And don't forget "Great place to get a sandwich. Oh  sprouts and stuffing! Probably defeats the healthy factor of ordering a turkey sandwich in the first place but well worth it! They also have a great Thai noodles salad side (just $1). They are fast and efficient but super popular. So be warned if you are in a hurry call ahead and place your order."  the high ceiling and sealed concrete floor can make it difficult to have a conversation in there when they are busy unless you are lucky enough to get a seat in the alcove.  They need some wall hangings in the rafters or sommat." "This is the one shop that comes to my mind when I want a sandwich. Quite possibly my favorite lunch...the Jazz My sandwich was tasty. It was ready soon after I ordered it. Pretty good. I'd go again.  very tasty stuff. They have a large variety of sandwiches with quirky little names. Oh and they throw in a cookie! Give it a try I'm sure you will enjoy it and want to go back for more."  as it reminds me of all of those peaceful afternoons spent sleeping during my Art History class." Note - during the lunch hour it can get busy and loud. We like to order ahead and skip the line by hitting up the ""to go"" counter." S8R5c7-plWe3NtmijYAJvg nice atmosphere& the drawings & it's convenient because it's on campus(: Sorry to say this folks but I went by Sacks (Indian School & 48th St) today and it is GONE! I can't find any info about the closing online so am hoping that the other locations are still up and running... Really liked this place too! New location is on Indian School Wish I could give zero stars" Get the encore sandwich!! Make sure to get it with the yogurt sauce!!  AMAZING!! Love love love..this place.. I try to eat here 2 times a week.. The jimmy buffet salad and mushroom soup are to die for..  but I usually take my lunch to go because the tables fill up quickly around the lunch rush.  If you haven't already "This place is just what I've been looking for in AZ- an amazing sandwich place!  I went to sacks for the first time yesterday and LOVED IT.  I built my own sandwich which is always a plus.  Im too picky to order sandwichs that are off the menu.  Huge sandwichs for a very reasonable price.  My sandwich was only 6 something.  I wouldve paid 10.  (Sacks  and if you have the same initials they put on the chalkboard that day - you get a free sandwich! My lunch date had the opposite of what was posted (D.S. instead of S.D) and the cashier gave us both free drinks. Super cool." There is something special about this combination of flavors.  Get one.  I dare ya."  the front counter guy is totally rude. I didn't come for two years after my last visit because of him and now I'm back. To my horror  and the acoustics rather loud. The restroom is really cute but could use seat covers and sweep & mop. If your initials match the predetermined ones on the chalkboard near the front door your sandwiches free. Just don't bother joking with the staff about their own chalkboard. They'll have no idea what you're talking about nor the sense of humor The bread is seriously the cheap kind you can get at the store. It comes with a cookie which doesn't taste like anything special. Lots of people like it here and I can't say anything really...negative happened. I just won't be back."  I admit it is Monday but I think even if it was Friday  non planet friendly sandwich shop and would not recommend it."  not fresh or nice tasting at all.  Just really not a very good place and not very good sandwiches.  The thing that really earks me and inspired me to write the review is their cocky name Sacks ""Art of Sandwicherie"".  There is NO art going on here 79MhROSJ1U8KBCupx7imRg Someone in class suggested this place and it was such a let down. A large group of us went and many people liked their sandwiches but my turkey cranberry w/ stuffing sandwich was awful. The stuffing looked like dog food and it tasted like cardboard and fennel. The cranberry sauce tasted like it came from a can and there was nothing special about the bread. The upside is we got our orders fairly quickly and the atmosphere was alright for a quick lunch spot.  not boring or bland.  I seriously can't get over all the haters on here who say they can make their own sandwich at home for less - you totally should!  The prices here are about $6.29 for a large sized sandwich  and bacon on wheat. Perfection. The employees are really nice as well. I like that I can get in and out quickly at this location (compared to the downtown location). I just wish there was a Sack's closer to home!"  but they were out of noodles that day. Why didn't they just call it chicken soup? Weird. It was still good. Call ahead to place your order because the wait can be a little long during the lunch rush!" I love almost any of the sandwhiches. Some of my favorites include the Encore  but I do plan on using that in the future when I can't get away to pick up or eat there.  Glad to have yet another reliable lunch option in the hood!" Very reasonable pricing! We'll be back!!!!!" Unimpressed and disappointed. There is nothing to these sandwiches. There are so many other places to get better sandwiches. Will not be returning. Not recommended.  We will never order from there again and we have 350 people in our office." "I have been going to Sacks for 10 years.  I typically go at least once per week.  The quality of the food has gone down hill in the past year and the customer service is marginal at best.  I really want to give 4+ stars  a good place to just pick up a sandwich or eat a sandwich or salad there. Great meat and cheese and fillings "Love this place but their hours on yelp is wrong. They close at 3 but yelp says 4pm  I rolled the dice and was more than happy with our meal. Ingredients were fresh and flavorful. Our large order was ready in only fifteen minutes. Big thumbs up to Sack's A vast menu.  Bring your friends and visit often."  and sometimes it's one of their creative daily specials. I've never been disappointed. Fresh ingredients and fantastic flavor Staff is super efficient." Best sandwich in town. Fresh baked bread and delish cookies! Great atmosphere and nice servers :)  and it too was amazing. Would recommend to my friends!" "My favorite thing here is the cajun chicken caesar salad! They have one of my favorite caesar salads in town.  They also have great sandwiches.  I'm pretty sure I have never had anything I don't like.  It can get busy at lunchtime  and mushrooms is amazing.  Always a friendly staff.  I wish they had one in Chandler." Extra: they give you a cookie with every sandwich. Not like a normal cookie. Like a chocolate chip cookie that has been cooked by Jesus. It's heavenly." "We go for the salads a-lot. The chicken and tuna salads are great. Simple and hearty. They always give you plenty to eat and the greens are always fresh. Sannies are good too. Not quite the same as the Duck & Decanter """The Remington""..... can't stay away from it! The others I have tried are delicious too. PLUS Great place for a quick lunch! They have quality sandwiches and daily specials that are always tasty. I love the location but the parking can be a bit tight during peak lunch times. The service is great and so is the atmosphere. I definitely recommend this place for a lunch spot!"  family-owned and operated sandwich and salad locale it is the ONLY choice for the best lunch in Arcadia. I have been ordering the Symphony (sans mayo - just a personal choice) toasted  cream cheese and mayo on 12 grain bread. I have been going to Sacks with my family since I was a little girl and literally ate it AT LEAST once a week when I was in high school. Another one of my favorites is their Mixed Chicken Salad with balsamic dressing. It is FABULOUS! I always recommend Sacks to anyone who is in the neighborhood and looking for a great lunch spot!"  the prices were decent and the food was excellent. I had a Chicken Salad which was great "Nothing special about these sandwiches.  Good I've been going to Sacks for close to 18 years. Always a great sandwich! My favorite is the symphony! Clean am friendly too.. love the new location.  but received un-toasted. i can't say i really cared. but when i order the bagel in its natural state  I like that I can refill it at my leisure. Like all Einsteins they put A LOT of cream cheese on the bagels I love Einstein.  Fresh bagels are the bomb!  This Einstein is consistent with the others.  I think the layout is odd the way you have to enter and cross the store to start your order.  It's also a little cramped.  Most Einsteins are layed out better than this one.  Great location facing Papa John's across the street. The new leaner breakfast sandwiches are good (they basically take the bottom and top of the bagel and you are left with smaller ends of your sandwich). An easy way to cut calories without losing the taste. Staff was quick and efficient. Food was delicious. I have always loved their bagels. :-)"  I decided to order an extra side and considering it is very freaking small you charge $1.64. Pfffffft! NY Bagels on Deer Valley WAY BETTER!"  line was out the door. Went to another- same deal. Went to Einsteins and they were busy but not crazy busy. More like steady. Next time I'll go there first. Love the cranberry tasty turkey on a cranberry bagel. Love their seasonal food too!"  though I poured the last cup of their neighborhood blend. I let them know and by the time I was walking out Love Einstein bagels.  This is local to our house and I frequent 3-4 timers per month.  Place is always clean and service is usually fast. This was at 2:30 on 11/2/13." Let's channel Einstein a bit more and get smarter with the ordering and preparing of food process!" "Love the bagels.  But . . . Need to have the boxes ready for grab and go. Never seem to have them ready when I get here Don't think I will go back as there are too many options out there and a bagel is easy enough to make perfect."  always a smile and they remember my name and my order" I take my coffee cravings two miles down the street to DD now."  I personally witnessed  2 other customers that were unhappily waiting for the orders placed for 10+ minutes. That was within the crowd of 10+ people that were also waiting. C'mon EB. Step your game up! You have a good product... Do something about customer service. You need to be quicker with a product that everyone wants." Yummy! Loved the bagel with lox!! Wish it came with a slice of lemon :) Staff with helpful. I am trying to eat lighter so I needed suggestions and they delivered! Reduced fat cream cheese w/ a whole wheat bagel! Oh man! I love this place! Everything they have is great their coffee is amazing and the service is great too! My favorite is the breakfast sandwiches but they also have great salads and I love their orange juice! Food delicious and service is usually pretty good.The quality of my food depends on who makes it.I don't like when they put my toasted bagels together because the shmear stays somewhat cold and doesn't get as soft. pNJhovUsGAZ4XqG3lCU-5g  and Cody's ethics will improve and he can learn and grow from this experience instead of regress."  interrupting any conversation I was trying to have with my father.  Any other Einstein's is better than this one.  As employees you're there to serve the customers not make it impossible to hold a conversation and entertain the other staff. Very unprofessional."  clean store. I had to smell these delicious bagels all the way to work! I'm eating a cranberry one now and it is the best!!" Really??? this is customer service?  I'm not asking to buy anything because I know cashier systems go off.  I just have 1 question. Well guess what? I rather go somewhere else then leaving my money to people who are going to get paid with it anythings." Customer service was awful. A million things could've happened that morning to create a hectic start to the day "I would have to agree with some of the others that the staff is the only issue I see at this place. I came to this place seven times and the only issue I ever see is the staff. One time I came in and literally 1 person was working taking orders The reason for 3 stars is that i usually get superb service and today..maybe too busy or too many new..i ordered a chai tea latte hot and got a cappuccino and a chedder jalapeo begal and got a normal jalapeo begal..very disappointed..i was pressed on time so i could not wait to have them fix...just disappointed..love their food 1OO3fy6z5lxlRuHnnhPStg _GVAV2LjUWEs9fGjslex_A  best sandwich in town. sausages fresh made on premisis Kielbasa is excellent Warning: You will go for lunch and want to buy about 10 lbs. of deli meat!" 1OO3fy6z5lxlRuHnnhPStg  you cant go wrong with what you order. Their deli meat prices are slightly cheaper than your average Boars Head meats you find at the store and are one hundred times better. So grab some cash "Can't get more authentic than this. Polish family runs the place and makes all their own meats and sausage. They carry many crackers The Best cold cuts (deli meats) in Phoenix I don't know of a better place to get an awesome deli sandwich.  Delicious european meats and very large sandwiches.  decided to let Yelp help me and low and behold this is what I found. This is the real deal "Every review I have read is right on!  I had no idea what I was getting into when I stepped foot into this little family owned deli.  Old school - quality meats  long sausages then you'll love this place! And you can smell this place from the outside. The smell of smoked Kielbasa lures you in. The store is non stop for the holidays but bring cash or check as no debit or credit are accepted. At Best of Europe you hear Eastern Europeans speaking in their native tongue  this place is absolutely wonderful! They have delicious food on top of ""market"" type items that are found in traditional Eastern European cooking that you can buy. I love coming here because it reminds of my heritage and has awesome food! The place is pretty tiny but the food will keep you coming back again and again! Too bad it's really far away from my home or I would be here on a weekly basis!"  they have a Yelp! sticker on the door..." Wow! Best Sandwich this the valley - Try the #12 you will not regreat- they even ship this sandwiches to NYC If you miss the authenticity of deli's from the place your grew up or have a bit of envy from those travel shows watching the hosts gorge themselves on great deli meats from famous places I have yet to have one of their sandwiches as I try to avoid bread but every time I am there and someone else orders one You can not get a better sandwich in the valley than the #12. It is the best anywhere plus everything else there is terrific. Best meats you ever wanted.  the girl behind the counter recommended before I even said anything. It was awesome! Two whole sandwiches. Perfect amounts of meat and cheese.  Can't wait to go back when I have people over for a BBQ so I can get some of their franks. Great service as well. Will be back numerous times." I also learned polish food is more subtle and rich but quite nice! Highly recommended~" Looking forward to another visit!" Place can get pretty busy and it is fun to hear people speaking Polish when ordering their goodies and then watching them dance with excitement as they get back in their cars. CASH Only. NE Corner in Food City parking lot. Definitely one of my favorite sausage places in town." This is truly the best place in ARIZONA to buy a sandwich.  the only reason I tried this place was b/c of the perfect yelp score. I was slightly leary b/c there was only 24 reviews(I'm #25 woo hoo! lol). But I figured getting mostly 5 stars & no less than a 4 star was given out of those 24  I love it so much it was what I wanted for my birthday lunch this year.  My family comes from Eastern Europe and I have been fortunate enough to visit a few times and the meats Been here once. Got the Italian special & the European sub. Both were really good! I tried both & couldn't decode which one I liked better lol. The sandwiches are actually 2 sandwiches when you order the full sandwich so you get huge portions! Not bad at all for $7 & change. Lots of other European goodies that I had never seen. Sweets too. I tried the kinder country chocolate bar. The girl at the counter said it was Germany's most popular candy. I can tell why! Yummy!!! I am sure their business isn't driven by the sandwiches though."  clean and really enjoyed my lunch. More than enough food next time I will order the half sandwich."  so they're awesome. Buy teaworst." "I stop in this gem occasionally for a sandwich. Its one of the few places where you can get a great lunch at a great price. The sandwiches are actually two sandwiches and are delicious. One of these days I'll order some meats to take home. There's not much seating so don't expect a full service diner. Owners are very nice and friendly. Beware though  so keep that in mind.  The sourdough bread is amazing.  The cold cuts are very high quality and delicious.  I purchased a few Polish sausages to go and made them at home later.  Wow.  Impressed." This place reminds me of walking into a deli somewhere in Eastern Europe - it's that authentic. The proprietors speak Polish and they have many authentic products from the Eastern Bloc. The sandwiches taste so fresh and are made from high quality ingredients and are HUGE! I've been coming here for a decade and it's as good as the day I first started coming here About to have a sandwich from here but so far a really good experience. I ordered #3 and my sister ordered #12 with no mustard. Can't wait to see what they taste like. Everything so far is good though but I'll probably update once I eat the sandwich. My brother and I ate here. He got the number 3 and I got the number 12. Both were great. And we each took home a quarter of our sandwiches because they were very big. "Looks and feels like a good old mom and pop shop. Got a pastrami sandwich and was pretty damn good. I really wish I hadn't seen the girl making my sandwich put the fresh deli meat into a microwave  and did not mold (I've been other places where it molds very quickly).  This sausage is a hit.  It's a great snack Authentic and fresh. It's always great to see your meat sliced in front of you. Hot pastrami on rye took me right back to my childhood in Manhattan. My only complaint is that I wish they served fountain drinks.  Otherwise this is a wonderfully homey and unique experience." The best home made sausage in town. Great Kielbasa and other cold-cuts and sausages. Tip the girl people don't be rude" "My DH loves this place. Smoked Meats are really good and authentic. Friendly staff and lots of interesting jars from Europe- beets I can't even think of another sandwich shop that is close to as good. High quality meats and breads and the place always smells so good. The sandwich prices are great value for money. Wow cute little place. First time today. It's a mom and daughter who own this place. The meat is made there fresh. It smells amazing the minute you walk in and the sandwiches taste amazing. Really glad I got to try. Definitely recommend. "I want to merry the girl who made my sandwich! Best sandwich Iv had in a very long time  helpful smiling faces in there every time I go in. The line can get long sometimes but that is only because the owners take as much time as needed with each customer to make sure they have exactly what they need."  try it if you ever get a chance. What do you have to loss. I want to go there route now just thinking about it." "Great sandwiches at a great price. A whole sandwich is actually 2 sandwiches for about $7.50. The meat was awesome Definitely worth stopping in."  this place wasn't as good as everyone was hyping it. The first thing I noticed was that it was really warm inside when I walked in. It wasn't horrible but I won't be back." Amazing sandwich but if you like smaller portions just get a half. Great meat and service Amazing yummy sandwiches... In my opinion best in town! Tiny little deli with huge delicious smells and tastes! Awesome customer service! Bring cash! They don't accept debit or credit! I just finished a sandwich and am already craving another one!!! They also make very good sandwiches." Not that day.  I cant say how gruff and nasty they were.  All I can say is good luck with the business.  Lets say 2 sandwiches an assortment of cut meats and some cheese....an easy $50.00 sale that they could of had if a little niceness was extended."  and the ladies that run the counter are professional & friendly. I'm a big fan of the smoked bacon and head cheese.  It is definitely european if you know what that is.  Someone who calls these nice ladies snotty must really have issues. That's just my opinion.  Maybe you came on an off day.  What's wrong with paying cash?  Just come prepared.  I do."  if I am in the area I will be back to eat here and remember to specifically say ""HALF!"""  this is not a fancy place.  It is a place for people that appreciate Eastern European food.  The Spicy Capicola (sp?) sandwich is awesome.  Yes they take 3 forms of payment This is a legitimate Polish meat counter that will also make you a sandwich.  There are four chairs and no soda machine.  The folks behind the counter are friendly and the Italian sandwich was enough for two.  It was literally two sandwiches.  Each more delicious than the other.  Come get your coldcuts on!" This is supporting the area economy in a good way.  Good for your belly and good for business."  It's amazing! Food is fantastic and the  person behind the counter is awesome!! So friendly. Overall great place.!" https://youtu.be/pcMs3wRpgRs"  and genial staff.  It's well worth juggling your schedule a bit to get here while it's open." "Best pastrami sandwich i have had in years. And the worst part is i cant seem to read a sign to save my life. So when i hand her a credit card and she smiles and says we dont take cards i am sorry. What she says next will blow your mind..."" Dont worry about it  immediately got upset. Place is so small and has no selection. They didn't even have bread for sale! I will admit the kielbasa was decent A great spot for a surprisingly good meal Grocery stories sell them now but they really are not nearly as good as the FRESH ones in the actual Chompie's establishment." So this ham..... it is this perfect crunchy outer sugary glaze that just makes my mouth water thinking about it.  You need to go to Honeybaked Ham. Like FOR REAL."  the turkey is always moist and tasty and the kicker is the vinaigrette that goes on top of the spring mix lettuce on the sandwich. pesto + vinaigrette = heaven! minus one star because honeybaked ham lunch is a bit pricey at $6.82 (including tax) for just the sandwich. but speaking of cost  but it's a good place for lunch too--their sandwiches rock." All of this for less than 5 bucks....that's right less than 5 bucks....the sandwich is great...the establishment is clean....and the customer service is top notch. So if your ever in need of a great Turkey sandwich look no further than Honeybaked ham company. Eat If you are looking for a great place for lunch  offering artisan breads and fresh garnishes. Hearty soups and salads are also available; check out their Lenten specials this time of year."  and the food is DELICIOUS!!!! I would hate to see this location close. So many of my favorite places have closed in this tough economy. If you're looking for a new place to have a delicious sandwich....YOU MUST try Honey Baked Ham Co. Worth it!!!!" "3 words for you...Chipotle Chicken Sandwich....run....don't walk to any Honeybaked Ham shop and grab one. I sometimes have 3 in one week and they are 3.97 with a coupon for a limited time. I have to say though I would pay the regular price for them....because they are that good and the service is that good as well. Eat This place is REALLY good for soup/sandwiches and the people that work there are so friendly you'd think you were in the heartland!" The turkey was melt in your mouth delicious. There is no fancy restaurant or amazing presentations .... you come here simply for a great tasting sandwich : )" My advice.  Want a good ham and want to be really overcharged?  Go to AJ's.  At least you will get something to eat for your money."  you were great and this review doesn't reflect you. I only hope that in the future your management team gives you the support you deserve." "This was the first time I tried their sandwich.  I have to say it was pretty darn yummy The best spiral cut honeybaked ham ever made .   A definite must do :-) "Not impressed. Customer service we received wasn't up to par -- guy wasnt able to answer simple questions regarding products they sell. Spoke with store manager who took care of the situation really well As always the service we received was fantastic and the ham tastes delicious! I would like to come back here to try some of the sandwiches they have to offer Still thought you all might want to know about the WORST Christmas eve party we ever hosted and the people  on just principle I would say this place in not worthy of ones business My guess: to create a false impression of demand for a product that is only ho-hum (excepting the scary ingredients)."  you will be purchasing very delicious ham and turkey- and your guests will lift you up on their shoulders and cheer for you after they eat their meal." This place is awful. Very bad customer service as well as the employees don't seem to know what they have and don't have. They've messed up my order multiple times and the employees seem oblivious to what's going on. red onion served on ciabatta  bread. The sandwich was excellent as expected and very fresh. The service was good and the wait time was to be expected under 10 minutes. I will definitely add this to my favorite lunch spots!" 