By far the worst most unprofessional dentist I have ever experienced her staff is too busy watching soap operas on all the TVs in each room instead of cleaning and she gave me a filling which was too deep which could have been understandable as her son had his pictures delivered from Hawaii and she had to stop 3 times to pay for them and show her whole staff all of them must be nice to have a 14 year old go to Hawaii on her moms dime and have her patience wait to see all of this happen I had to have oral surgery and have the tooth removed because she put the filling in too deep an abscessed tooth was the result I wouldn't recommend her to an ex girlfriend or someone I hate because of the three months of extreme tooth pain I had to deal with because of her lack of care and follow through even after I called and asked them for advice and follow up they simply could care less and did not even offer to reschedule an appointment other than prescribing me vicodin and antibiotics do not recommend and do not go to her license should be pulled!!  nice and courteous. I recently had to reschedule an appointment due to a last minute work thing and they were very accommodating. My daughter looks forward to coming to the dentist so that's saying something. I DO wish they would turn off FOX news in the lobby as I'd rather watch paint dry but... nobody's perfect." Poor recommendation because the staff who walked by me seemed to be distracted which was pointed out in a previous review."  but I doubt her ability. Every procedure she has done to my teeth has backfired. The third and last issue I have is that i always paid cash at the end of my visits and somehow I have received an invoice for $55. I called and of course the receptionist was sassy and rude so I gave up. Will never go back or refer anyone else" "My family (husband and 3 young children) have been seeing Dr. Weinberg for a few years. We've never had an issue. She's great with the kids "All I need to say is that my 6 year old could not wait to see Dr. Weinberg and her staff! Not only are they professional and kind Just moved to the area and needed a dentist after getting my front tooth chipped playing hockey.  She did an amazing job at fix my tooth and cleaned up the front teeth while doing it.  I was able to get in and have my tooth fixed within a few days of it happening.  I've gotten a few fillings as well after my chip was fixed.  The doctor is great and so are the staff.  I would recommend going here. "I'm up in the air about how I feel regarding Emmert Dental. Being that it is located in Market Square can be both a good or bad thing. Parking is scarce not to mention you have to pay for it yet you have great restaurants and coffee places around you. The office itself is old and raggedy looking but the staff are young and hip. I think possibly a little too young and hip. My dentist knew what she was doing but I didn't adore her. I'm still working out my bill because they charged me too much on my copay and don't really seem to have all their info. together. After a cleaning and fillings  rude and have no clue what they're doing (behind the desk). I will not be going back nor will I have nice things to say about them."  he ripped the tooth out of the side of my jaw. I was literally ganging from all the blood running down the back of my throat. He then stuck some pink powder up in the extraction area. I'm assuming this was the bone graft.  I ended up with many stitches. I was given an antibiotic and instructed to schedule an appointment for the following Saturday so they could start the bridge. Then I was hit with a bill of $569.00! My insurance covers 100% of extractions.  I was in so much pain for 2 weeks following the extraction. Pain severe enough that I had to call off work and I couldn't sleep at night.  I refused to go back to Emmert Dental.  And after a visit to a very reputable dentist The worst dental office I ever been. No one can beat it!!! You should avoid it at any time.  I prefer the Settler's Ridge location. I came here for an emergency appointment and this was the only office that could squeeze me in. I arrived 15 minutes early and they called me back exactly at my appointment time. The assistant was so friendly and made me feel comfortable at all times. The doctor was also friendly and made a great effort to make sure I left satisfied. I was in and out in a matter of minutes and the service was great." I don't believe in going to a dental chain and I don't recommend anyone else goes either. I have read horrible articles about their pushy sales tactics and performing un-needed procedures which is what I would have experienced at Emmert had I not been smart enough to find a second opinion. There are better  I was told that there's nothing they could do about them aside from extracting the teeth and replacing them with implants.  The new dentist couldn't believe that!  He said that would be incredibly drastic and unreasonable and that the molars could very likely be corrected with some brackets.  It upsets me that Dr. Murphy would have allowed me to have unnecessary and costly dental work I just recently had a root canal crown placement.   I had a very bad experience years ago and was very weary about the whole process.  This Dentistry was a dream and really was great throughout the entire process.   I am most comfortable and most important - in and out..  there is never a wait and I know exactly what to expect.   I recommend 100%" "My husband and i have been patients of Dr. Murphy for almost 20 years. I wish there was an ""11"" on this chart of stars to give him. I used to have panic attacks going to the dentist bAnFMk-UoNjyVYUj0sJT0w  has removed and replaced my lead (""silver"") fillings.  This was important to me and he did them with vacuums so that no trace amounts would be ingested on my part.  He introduced me to a terrific mouth wash that has really made a difference in the health of my gums.  You can tell he really cares about me and my health and I really appreciate how thorough and conscientious he is." Or maybe I'm wrong. Maybe she's just disinterested in helping 30-year-old women in wheelchairs that offer to pay out of pocket." """i am really happy with my results!"" My treatment time was less than expected which pleased me greatly. Dr. Karnavas and her staff were great and I receive excellant care throughout the treatment. They monthly payments which were a great help for my budget. I would recommend Invisalign and Dr. Karnavas to anyone needing orthodontic treatment!! Being an adult seeking Orthodontic treatment I was pleased with how well the Invisalign worked ."  Dr. Karnavas was very good.The results of the treatment are wonderful!" I have never been so impressed with the promptness and professionalism in any office that I have ever been in for any reason.  I was greeted with a smile and ushered in as soon as I walked through the door for both visits.  They made me very comfortable in what is ordinarily an uncomfortable situation.  I highly recommend Dr. Martik's office. "Dr. Martik and his staff provide excellent service in an efficient manner.  They were very respectful of my time when I recently had two cavities filled.  Dr. Martik's attention to detail is outstanding.  Both of my young children are seen at this office and the staff is fun and engaging. My kids actually enjoy going to the dentist! If you are looking for an honest The dentist personally welcomed me to the office and thanked me for choosing them. They are excellent and I would recommend to anyone living in the South Hills area to give this dentist a try." Awesome staff!  Everyone was so kind and extremely caring to my young daughter when she needed a procedure.  Dr. Martik was phenomenal!  His knowledge and attention to detail were outstanding!!  My daughter was put to ease by everyone in the office!  What a great place!!! http:  www.edgewooddentalassociates.com " If you hate the dentist like me but are looking for a trustworthy and knowledgable team this is your place!"  but I had a really positive experience at Edgewood Dental Associates! It was easy to book the appointment and I was in and out quickly. The staff was friendly and the dentist was great! If you are looking for a dentist  and the experience was very enjoyable (and that's talking about going to the dentist). They even send you Christmas and birthday cards  which helps everything go more smoothly. I was so glad to find that they had BOSE headphones with Pandora for patients to use while getting their dental work. Once I realized I was in good hands I zoned out to my happy place with my favorite music. The dental work flew by. They numbed me up so well and kept checking in with me to make sure I was ok "I am so amazed at how amazing this dental office is!  They are so nice and professional and the office is immaculate!  The staff explained everything (including insurance coverage) thoroughly.  I didn't need to come back for a second appointment - they took care of my cavity on that same day.  In the past  I was very upset that I was never told of this downgrade.  I was given an estimate and paid on time in full - not sure when this changed or why I was never told by the office or insurance company.  Regardless I will most definitely keep going to Edgewood  Dental as long as I live in this area." WD7TUnO7ExNJahLN4p3bMA  even though the waiting room is relaxing. The entire office has a modern approach and surpasses any other dentist I have been too. I travel 40-45 min to get to the office from my home but it is worth it to me." "AWESOME!!! Needed a lot of wrk done and I was petrified to go to the dentist due to some REALLY BAD dentists in the past. It's hard to find a good doctor. I did a websearch based upon location and then narrowed it down by insurance. Then I scoured reviews. I did my research on Edgewood Dental and most reviews  were positive. There were very few not so positive reviews which in my opinion is fair. Nothing is perfect. I also studied the website so that I was educated on what was expected of me as a patient customer.  I had a root canal  minimal wait in a nice office setting. I always leave feeling well taken care of. After recently having an unexpected and very bad dental pain crop up  excellent dentists and a beautiful facility. They even did a great job with my three year-old! She loves the dentist thanks to these guys!" "I have been a patient of Dr. Brown's for many years. He is dedicated to continuing to learn and implement the latest dental techniques.  His office is modern  and is very personable. It is a large practice and the entire staff is friendly and professional. Easy parking in front of the office." "Dr. Gleason is friendly and experienced and has a good bedside manner. Andrea is an excellent hygienist. She is proficient He and his staff are extremely professional and thorough. And they work fast! I have had zero problems with my tooth and did not spend more than an hour in the office for either appointment. I would highly recommend Dr. Gleason and plan to make him my permanent dentist  and both she and Dr. Gleason took their time to talk with me. They were great! I didn't feel rushed at all." I go to Gleason for dental stuff. Get my teeth cleaned well. Gleason is a very kind dentist. And the best part (LOL) you get a free toothbrush!!! The staff are very friendly and the hygienist was very gentle with my teeth. The interior is clean and modern and they send you text or email reminders about your appointment. I highly recommend Dr. Gleason!  hardly shaking my hand before getting into my mouth. Both visits had very little dentist patient time- so I wonder why the wait is so long. Furthermore  I'm not going there to make friends.  Once I had an emergency dental problem out of town and the dentist that I saw took one look into my mouth and actually inquired about and complimented the work that I had done by Dr. Petraglia.  His staff is diverse and welcoming and my wait is usually reasonable He is excellent when it comes to emergency appointments."  I bought two cookies from Paddy Cake Bakery  and whitening. The hygenist and dentist gave me a tutorial on flossing and brushing correctly and an anatomical explanation of the problems with my teeth. I have never been to a more informative dentist office. I feel like I know more about my teeth than  I ever knew before. Needless to say I will be going back to the dentist every six months from now on." I haven't had any major work aside from regular cleanings & appointments...but she is my third dentist in pittsburgh EDIT: In my original review I stated this procedure was $250. The correct amount was actually $120. My apologies." Looking forward to going back there in October!"  Dr. Kyros is currently my dentist as per a referral from Darren. All I can say is that he and his staff are personable "I clearly stated when I made my appointment that I had a lot of anxiety and that I wanted a treatment plan because I knew I needed a lot of work. I came to Dr. K because of the yelp reviews but my experience was quite the opposite. He came in for a minute to introduce himself and his assistant then handed me off to her when she was finished I asked to speak to him again to discuss my treatment plan  and I totally recommend this office to anyone in the area who's looking for a new dentist." "Gurtner dental rocks! My family has been going there for 18 years we were probably their first clients. I'm happy to report both of my children still belong to the no cavity club! And they are 22 and 25 years old! The office staff is professional and the doctors are terrific and we feel like we're in good hands they are almost like family. My brother sees them  but this office deserves recognition. Everyone in the office is kind  I asked her if I can skip the exam (since I was late) and just do the cleaning in which she replied Dr. is late for her appointment and already needed to be at her appointment. That left me with the question of how short of an appointment did they schedule me for? Were they planning to do the X-Ray  and she would only meet with me to discuss the issue if I paid an $80 consultation fee for her time. Absolutely horrible treatment on all accounts..."  they called to tell me the doctor had ""something come up"" and they were cancelling my appointment.  Just totally inconsiderate.  Look her up on citysearch  the receptionist rudely told me that Dr. Schmeler did the work and deserved to get paid.  She would not accept that Dr. Schmeler did get paid  she dropped me as a patent. Her staff changes all the time because they don't want to go to jail for fraud like she will someday. They refuse to put anything on paper. Every time I would ask for a copy of services  and I cannot be covered until 11 1 2014. I never heard of this rule. They did not explain this to me when I register." This place is the worst ever. She billed me and my insurance company. She is a crook and so are the people who work there. I took her to court and she didn't show up for the hearing. Aetna dropped her as a provider and she is under investigation at the State Board. Do your investigation before going to this quack. The only good reviews she has anywhere are from the people who work for her. She must have ordered them to write them. That is pretty desperate  and it is actually covered. I am in the middle of this dispute now (getting a refund for the amount I paid which the insurance company has actually paid). I actually like Dr. Schmeler and her work Basically she denied me my own right to my medical files and a cost sheet of what exactly it cost to get my teeth fixed there" Basically she denied me my own right to my medical files and a cost sheet of what exactly it cost to get my teeth fixed there"  BUT DON'T QUESTION HER OR HER STAFF OR THEY WILL TURN ON YOU AND BECOME VICIOUS Favorite dental office in Pittsburgh!! The office is a small family that is overly welcoming and considerate.  Great dental care by the best in the business! Went in for routine services and will be back in the future. Cavity filled in 15 minutes."  which I feel most people are on the same page as me. Dr. Garrow is absolutely amazing and the office staff is great as well :)" Don't know what more I can say except there are probably 100 other dentists closer to my home (no exaggeration!)  but I will continue to be a satisfied patient of Dr. Hess."  I would have never put up with Diana and the rest of the rude staff for all the years I did.  I wouldn't recommend going here." He's as good as it gets!"  I look forward to going to the dentist because I know I'm in good hands and that he will fix my problem.....and get it right the first time."  I was taken to a room suprisingly quick.  Dr. Smiga stopped in my room within 5 minutes and chatted me up a bit to find out what was wrong.  He is an extremly friendly and such a nice guy.  He was very concerned with my pain and assured me that he would take care of it quickly.  I had a bitewing xray and within two minutes he was back in the room to perform a root canal.  He numbed me up quite well  Dr. Smiga sat and talked with me for 15+ minutes to get my mind off of the impending procedure and treated me like a friend not a patient. He was knowledgeable I would just like to say I never liked going to the dentist...not many ppl do.  Family members go to Dr. Smiga so I thought I would give him a try.  He is such a nice guy and makes you feel so comfortable.  AND the girls at his office are the best!  They also made me feel so good and comfortable.   I didnt feel like I was being judged for all the work I needed done.  Thanks everyone!!!!   GREAT DENTIST AND STAFF!! CDWwngmeNehykoDjYxkE2A Me and my husband both go here. And I am very pleased with them. The hygienist that does my cleanings is very good. Also Dr. Kwon is amazing we had an issue with the insurance and he addressed and fixed right away. I will be going back in the next few weeks for a cleaning and for another filling... (I found that the filling next to the tooth is infected :( yay me. *sad day but it will be fixed when I go back!"  and he's handsome to boot (think a young Billy Dee Williams).  Both he and his staff are caring "Dr. Stout is an incredible dentist. He and the staff are extremely personable and take such great care of you! Everyone on staff knows you by name and take a genuine interest in your life. I have had nothing but great experiences there- painless procedures  Dr. Stout has a ""bedside manner"" that makes even the most anxious patient feel comfortable. I can say without a doubt that you will not find a better dental care team in Charlotte." "Dr. Stout and his staff are amazing. If you are looking for personal  which means a lot when you're in pain and you just want someone to take care of you. His staff was also very kind and comforting. And after all the horror stories I had read about wisdom tooth extraction  just in case she had a reaction to the anesthesia or had problems breathing.  The pre-op and post-op care was was very good and thankfully there were no problems during the procedure.  The swelling afterwards was pretty minimal considering... and she had no bruising and no other issues.  We both felt that Dr M and his staff were very professional I'm not going to pretend that having tongue surgery was ""fun"" but under the circumstances I could have not expected better.  Thanks" Bottom line: I can't recommend this guy enough. I don't want to be put in a position where I need oral surgery again  Dr. Stovall is very knowledgeable and dedicated to her profession and helping people in a way that I have never experienced." I will not be going back to this doctor.  WOW  paying this woman to help me get out of this horrible pain and she wants me to take ibuprofen all weekend long instead. I felt so abused and ripped off by this so called dentist. I was suffering and she had zero compassion for me. I paid my bill and left and refused to make another appointment. I went to Charlotte Dentistry and they immediately called me in some strong pain medication with no hesitation because they saw the pain I was in and when I told them what Dr. Stovall had done "Thank goodness for Dr. Biehl and his staff! My first visit there ended up being an emergency for my young daughter. We had not yet had a dentist for her and she had an accident at preschool and I called them in a panic from a referral from a neighbor. I was so nervous that I was not going to find anyone to take a new patient let alone an emergency. They sheduled an appointment for her within the hour and we were on our way! I was so impressed by the staff and the overall experience. This was her first trip to the dentist ever and they worked so well with her. She left asking when we would be back! :) Needless to say  state-of-the-art equipment and even a moveable LCD TV above the chair so as to relax you while you're worked on! The lobby is gorgeous with a massive 60"" some odd LCD HDTV etc. This is an EXCELLENT dentist. He has been in the business for  and our two young daughters. We appreciate the beautiful facility I don't even like the dentist and I'm looking forward to going back!"  but Dr. Killian deserves it.  I highly recommend." Still Five Stars on yet another visit!!!! I love Parkview Dental. I am always to get in for an appointment and the staff is awesome. I would recommend it to anyone. I have been coming here for over 10 years Dr Straub is an arrogant man.  He will try anything that will make him money weather he knows what he is doing or not.  Dr Straub completely destroyed my bite while experimenting with a splint for TMJ.  There is so much to say about this dentist but it would take a week to write it all down.  Just be very cautious when dealing with this Dr. I'd recommend him for check ups and surgery but not for TMJ." NpfRe-KLGyvblo2sEloIpA  even if the teeth are healthy.  You can relive getting lectured by your parents as they talk about the finer points of proper brushing from your vulnerable position strapped in a chair.  Few survive getting a filling but it is rumored that the experience is as pleasant as hearing fingernails on a chalkboard.  They are very talented in manhandling delicate gum tissue and patients are guaranteed a sore mouth for the rest of the day.  Customer service is second to none.  The office has evening appointments and if you are fortunate to schedule one you will be offered a once in a life time opportunity to come in earlier.  However if you are not able to get off of work and have to decline coming in early do not be surprised to get a call back from the receptionist informing you that your evening appointment is canceled because something unexpected has come up.  They like to provide service the old fashioned way so do not expect any state of the art technology.  Yes this place is highly recommended  for those looking for crap dentistry." I had a very pleasant experience at this dental office.  Front office staff was friendly and helped me figure out my new insurance.  Had one filling done and it wasn't bad at all!  lady...it's life. I'm going to live it.  Relax a little."  and had a made the whole experience an absolute pleasure. I had not been to the dentist in 8+ years so I was nervous... They made me feel comfortable and I will definitely be coming back for cleanings and any future dental work. Very impressive."  and I'm actually looking forward to coming back and getting a couple of minor things fixed. Just a great experience all around. Thanks I wished we could stay longer in Madison so would not need to worried about finding a good dental office as Dental Health Associates East Clinic somewhere else."  and was typically notified via letter before the appointment so I knew how much I would owe. I recently went for a cleaning and was told I was due for x-rays. I then get a bill in the mail for $206. WHAT?!  I called the billing department assuming there was some sort of mistake. The woman in the billing department (who was NOT friendly at all) told me that I met my insurance limit. I said that if I would have known that I would never have allowed xrays to be done. She then said very abruptly that it was not the clinic's responsibility to know when people have reached their limits and that is on the patient.  oh really? so when I needed a $2 I had a lot of respect for this place. I've been going here for years and trusted them. Just lost all respect and credibility for this place. If anything at all I drive from Sun Prairie to Monona even though we have plenty of dentists who work on kids around here. I would drive even farther for this level of service." We've been going here for years and have always been very pleased.  But the practice has gotten so big that they are always running late and the appointments take forever (because the dentists are juggling many patients at any one time slot).  Good luck getting an appointment that doesn't involve taking time off work or pulling your kid out of school.  I just called to change an appointment a month in advance and they could not find me an after school appt for FIVE MONTHS (and this is just for a cleaning!)!  I think we'll have to switch to a different practice.  and Dr. Wenham! They have taken such good care of both of our kids from toddler to teenager  and knowledgeable.  There's a reason DCD was voted one of the best workplaces in Madison several times - the staff is so helpful and nice.  I highly highly recommend them for any time you need a dentist!" So the next day on 3/24/16 I visited oak park dental. My hygenist there was very gental and understanding. She reassured me that plaque and tartar build up is very common and nothing to be ashamed of or grossed out about. The best part was when she told me that my entire mouth did not require a deep cleaning.  The dentist concurred. She also told me that I could get a regular cleaning only if thats what I wanted  but also really knowledgeable and we had a wonderful conversation that ranged from hypotheses about the evolution of certain teeth to the ways in which gum health could impact joint replacements. I actually really learned a lot! It was a totally lovely experience." I also really appreciated that he wasn't pushing expensive treatments and add-ons. He said it looked like I did a great job brushing and felt fine skipping the X-rays." Will not be going back..."  I am fron california and that is way too expensive for a crown.  Please save your money and go somewhere where they dont give coupons for recommending someone to their office." I have never been so grossly disrespected by what's purported to be a business. I have never seen such colossal unprofessionalism. This business and medical practice does not give a fig about its patients'/customers' time. Judging by the other reviews here I guess this is what happens when you run your dental practice like a business production."  since no insurance covers it. The wonderful dentist I see now says they've heard about CDG pulling this all the time  teeth whitening or electric toothbrushes.  I will say the hygienist I saw was pretty good which is why I didn't give this place one star.  She has a technique where the shots do not hurt too bad.  I usually have a problem with them billing my insurance as well.  I also have never been to a dentist that wants to see you every three months and I don't have any diseases/problems."  I was told I would have to come back for regular follow-ups each month to make sure the deep-cleaning had worked.  When I came back for a follow-up shortly afterward  and the group that the other reviewer was talking about that is Heatland Dental Care  despite the fact that I clearly said I was not interested the first time. They also gave me a fluoride treatment without informing me beforehand (not covered by my insurance) and  and my visits are quick and painless.  Dr. Kuo is great as well.  I have an extremely rare type of dental bridge "They performed a huge amount of work which to this day I still suspect was unnecessary and charged an absurd amount.  They also botched a cavity and killed the nerve  the new dentist told me there is no way anyone should be ok with concluding that those teeth had cavities and that he would not feel comfortable drilling into those two perfectly good teeth! I am glad I checked with another dentist first! They also seem to only do the newest and most trendy procedures Definitely recommend!" Nice staff and very helpful with getting me in fast and inexpensive.  and it made me remember that I wanted to write a negative review.  This place is a scam.  It's terrible. Convinced me I needed a cap  was GREAT!  She had her room decorated and very homey looking.  She was funny and a great teacher about how to take care of your teeth and why.  I also got the vibe that she is a very genuine person and a loving Christian woman.  The doctor was also extremely nice and made getting two cavities filled not that big of a deal.  I didn't know I had cavities when I came in but they fixed them on the spot without requiring another appointment.  I LOVED this place!!!" "Im not sure what all of the negative reviews are about - I had a fantastic experience here. I came in with nerve pain and a preexisting deathly fear of needles and came out with fear fended off by excellent service  refer her to Dr. Escobar."" I was flabbergasted. Never before have I been treated so poorly by someone who was supposed to HELP me. If you're unable or unwilling to at least feign empathy with your patients who are extremely anxious/terrified to go to the dentist in the first place I will add that they were very kind about letting me bring my bike inside since there's not really any bike parking outside. But Due to their poor business ethics and horrible receptionist whom is probably trained to act like that my next visit will be to grab my X-rays and run."  get a second opinion before doing something permanent or else your teeth that your dentist said make you look like a ""beauty queen"" will be ruined forever. :( do NOT go here!!!!!!!"  they don't stand behind their work. My much older crown is still fine (from the same dentist even) yet the new one some how broke in two places? Then they don't want to stand behind or warranty what is clearly faulty materials? That is garbage service right there for a customer who has been loyal for a long time I felt so scammed by this place and will be reporting them to my insurance."  not much they can do after the office has wrongfully taken your money. Our insurance covers everything they said my husband had to pay and that insurance wouldn't pay for. Also they said I'm not the first person to call and report this office. Going to have records transferred elsewhere. I guess that's how the doctor affords that real nice car he has  not much they can do after the office has wrongfully taken your money. Our insurance covers everything they said my husband had to pay and that insurance wouldn't pay for. Also they said I'm not the first person to call and report this office. Going to have records transferred elsewhere. I guess that's how the doctor affords that real nice car he has  lol! A desperate excuse). So at this point my girlfriend thought it was covered under her insurance since they did not say it wasn't covered even after she made it clear she only wanted what was covered by her insurance. She replied with ""if it is covered under my insurance then why not"". Instead of being honest and taking that opportunity to tell her it wasn't covered under her insurance they went through with it. After the procedure was over she realized she was charged for the fluoride treatment which she was confused about since she thought it was covered by her insurance. We spoke with the office manager who claimed that she understood what happened and basically claimed they made it very clear Horrible customer service and do not care about their patients. All they care about is money and not the patient's needs. GNCN5Uy169ix11VW_EAC-g Never ever go to this one! I regret that I went there 3 time before I recognized how awful this office is!."  I had a 4:40am pick-up for a 6:47am flight and upon arriving at the airport (after a very smooth ride I might add) I left my phone on the seat as I was exiting and didn't realise until just before I was about to go through security. Getting back to where I was dropped off I managed to tell a super shuttle employee about my plight and I was soon directed to wait exactly where I was for van #582. Seeing as my van was already in North Phoenix "I have used super shuttle to and from the sky harbor airport a number of times and have always been very pleased with the service and the value. The drivers have been bright  i was like what? Supershuttle brought me to my hotel then she said that it is different when being picked up from the hotel. I was like what? I knew i was wasting my time at this point. She also said if i called the local super shuttle number in cancun "I came here years ago to see Henry Rollins Spoken word. (Totally awesome by the way: five stars.) The seats here though were absolutely HORRENDOUS! Now I'm 5'11"" so I'm used to not having a lot of leg room so I'm used to sitting sideways so my knees aren't banging into the seat in from of me. Here  I guarantee you won't find any other dentist that will help you out because Doc's dedication to dentistry and patient well-being is what I have always found to be amazing! I cannot thank Dr. Zandieh enough for what he has done for me and my teeth! Due to no insurance for a few years and continuing Dr. Zadieh is truly the best! I didn't have a dentist in AZ and one of my fillings fell out over the weekend. I called his office on Monday and I was in to see him by Wednesday. He ended up fixing my filling and another filling that a different dentist did wrong and I only paid my deductible plus $50. He was very thorough explaining everything that he was doing and very nice since he knew I hated going to the dentist. The staff was also very nice. I will definitely be making him my new regular dentist!  I had a bad tooth infection and I called 1 800 dentist and they were able to get me an appointment at 9 o'clock the next morning at this office  the process took a long time and wasn't exactly pleasant... but I'm fully aware that this was my own doing.  I was incredibly impressed at how meticulous the hygienist was  rest and take care of yourself and come back in a week so we can do some work on that tooth. AMAZING attitude and so professional yet personable. I will be referring Dr. Davis for sure! Thank You Dr. Davis and staff!" I rarely give anyone a perfect score because I always think there is room for improvement but I have to admit that Dr Davis's office is near perfect.  I just moved here from out of state and was nervous about finding a new dentist since I've had a lot of past dental work.  Their staff is very nice and professional.  Ann the hygienist was super nice and very good.  Overall a very good experience. Normally with any doctor or dentist I find it rare that I trust someone as much as I did with Dr. Davis and his staff. They are very professional and ensure that you are comfortable with any procedure. They take blood pressure prior to procedures with anesthesia and truly care about the patient as a whole. I felt like the treatment provided was actually necessary and not just for monetary benefits. They are very conservative with treatment and instead of telling me that I needed a filling right away Dr. Davis is watching an area of concern in hopes that it will not get worse. The hygienists they have on staff are so personable and nice with a gentle touch. I love getting my teeth cleaned in this office and always look forward to my visits at this office. The drive downtown from my house in Waddell is well worth it for the services that are provided at this office. I recommend this office to everyone.  but not this place.  They are very detailed and explain everything to you.  I always get right in and out.  I had to get 2 fillings and I was out in under 30 minutes!  Highly recommended!" Overall I was very impressed and would highly recommend."  and I can't say enough great things about the experience.  He is located in Central Phoenix  I'm so thankful I've found Dr. Pafford and hope he never moves or retires :-)" I will be shattered and lost should this wonderful man ever retire!" "This man is very honest. He doesn't try to perform work that isn't necessary. He is intelligent Give Dr Bracken a chance and you will not regret it."  just good ole fashion dentistry. Nice staff at the front desk and they've been there forever. Great hygienists who have also been there for many  years. Hope he never retires!" It would appear that Dr Bracken has retired.  unfortunately he's already retired . I don't have dental insurance but Dr. Bracken always offer me an affordable price and that's why i love to come to this place . However the people who bought off this place raise the price without telling their patients anything. When I came to refill my cavity due to part of the filling fall out I love Dr. Scott and everyone else in this office  just take my advise and make sure you ask for STEVE."  and doesn't try to force you into having work done that you don't really need.  Highly recommended!" "Talk about an amazing experience...First off the office is well decorated and clean...the staff pleasant and helpful...Rene the hygenist is caring and gentle.  Dr. Keith is really personable and excellent at what he does.  They don't do extra work that doesn't need to be done Everyone in the office is very friendly. No judgement either. They are really there to help you and your smile! I visited today (first time) and I was amazed. They look at your teeth and don't think about your past or scold you for not coming in sooner. They look at what theyre working with and plan for a bright (smile) future. They will work with you and your schedule too!  caring and honest. They do excellent work.  Thanks Scott for taking care of me over the years." "I have been seeing Dr Keith for 14 years and love him!! I am quite phobic about dental work and really am nervous about pain and injections. He is truly amazing! No pain ever! Very thorough and easy going. Incredibly honest as well with no ""up-selling"" so common in practices these days. I hear horrible stories having friends in the medical/dental community about the unethical recommendations and procedures done on patients lately. I truly cannot recommend him highly enough. Great staff and hygenists  as well. My boyfriend loves him as well and looks forward his appointments "The staff and Dr are very friendly. The office is very comfortable and inviting. They explain the procedure  flexible availability and conscientious and caring regarding any problems or concerns.  Highly recommended!" "My dentist is Dr. Michael Lebowitz and my dental hygienist is Debbie Ziton-West. I highly recommend them to all my friends and family for their excellent training  and Dr. Lebowitz is terrific. They always explain what they are doing and why. Comfortable office and uber-friendly staff. Always on-time. I recommend them to everyone I know (and to anyone I don't)." I have been going to Dr. Peoples for just over a year now. My prior dentist of 20+ years retired and sold his practice to Lebowitz Dental Associates. Needless to say I had high expectations and I couldn't be happier with the level of care and customer service I am receiving. I highly recommend this dental practice and look forward to the next 20+ years. Outstanding Dental Practice!!!  They go above and beyond and have amazing staff!   I actually look forward to going to the dentist!!! I can't think of anything that is a greater testimony to the quality of this dental practice." And as soon as I get insurance again  friendly and always willing to answer questions.  The rest of the staff is also fantastic.  I highly recommend this office.  You will never need another dentist."  I would expect a small wait for any medical appointment and admittingly I was  impressed by the letter I received in the mail prior to coming in reinforcing that first impressions mean everything to them.  I was so disappointed and frustrated by the lack of timely customer service  compassionate and brilliant at what he does. I really cannot say enough about how great he has been to me!" Good job! No pain this is a good dentist my teeth look great. My wife goes here also and  loves this place as well. "An ex-co worker of my husband refer us to this office. My family have been coming to see Dr. Rosen since I moved to AZ 12 years ago. He is truly awesome!!! I have sweet tooth and a thick file with all the problems I had with my teeth. Dr. Rosen is always very patient and he is so skillful - YES!  PAINLESS injections - he will try to cheer me up or say something to distract the 'pain'. ^-^ Once I really had a bad  I am very satisfied. I was always called back within 5 minutes of my appointment time  go and get gouged by these insurance company leeches. I do not recommend it for new patients as they don't even bother to speak with you and instead shove you in a chair and start taking X-rays whilst bilking your insurance company for every penny they can."  even referring you to specialists as needed. The wonderful ladies at the front desk are great at working with you on payments and insurance."  but I don't dread going back (and I'm not worried when it's time  Ruth and Marnie and I absolutely love all of them! The previous review is correct. They all make you feel like part of their family. They aren't in a rush to get you out the door and Sharon and Kathy at the front do great with working out payment plans and scheduling. Wonderful atmosphere at this Dentist!! Very clean I actually enjoyed myself here.  Beat sitting at work!"  but my front tooth was chipped and I was looking like a member of the Cletus clan. Dr. Schneider explained everything he was doing right before doing it and was an absolute perfectionist. He got the shade to match dead on and also shaped my ""new tooth"" to look just like all the others. It was my first time at this dentist and I will definitely use them again! The space is modern and clean  Schneider is so personable. I loved how honest he was about my treatment. I had a filling and will need a new crown soon. I will definitely be  going back to him. The staff is very friendly as well!!" RgQ27ASb-AryOCW26oJWcw  shut my eyes and nearly dozed off through it. Later in the week I came back for a deep cleaning and I had the same experience. I cannot say enough good things about Ginger and her staff. I will be a patient here for a very long time!" I have been going to Dr price for about 3 years now and they have been wonderful.  The front desk ladies see very efficient and nice.  Every time I go in they always get me by my name and remind me about the beverages in the reception area.  I have always been seen very promptly and her staff is amazing!  Dr. Price is super friendly and very good.  My regular check ups have always gone smoothly and if I when I have needed anything else it has always been taken care of quickly and professionally.  I love my dentist.  I don't dread going to see her or her staff.  It has always been a good experience.  and they have all the latest technology.  Just don't go in there thinking that insurance will help you out here a lot here I must say that this is the best dentist office that I have ever been to. I purchased a Groupon for Invisiline at almost half of what other offices were charging.  When you walk into the office it is nicely decorated and the staff is friendly.They also have coffee and water in the waiting area and a toothbrush with toothpaste just in case you forgot to brush your teeth before you came in. Definitely recommend!  making sure that the patient is comfortable and aware of the treatment upfront.  This carries over to her staff.  Kudos to Dr. Price and her staff!!!"  I don't mind paying more for quality but I certainly didn't get what I paid for and now I will have to pay much more to get it fixed. I hope this doesn't happen to ANYONE else. It was the worst dental experience I've ever had and unfortunately it's not over yet." "I've been going to Dr. Price for at least 5 years and you couldn't pay me enough money to go anywhere else. With fabulous staff (admin and tech) AND state of the art equipment Dr. Price offers the best dental experience possible. I LOVE my ""bing"" teeth! They are so pretty "I was interested in getting Invisalign and my search lead me to Dr Price via Groupon. They made the Invisalign process easy and with the Groupon very affordable. I am finally on my way to the perfect smile that I have always wanted. I also started to get me cleanings done here as well. I currently do not have dental insurance so I have to pay out of pocket Dr Price is absolutely the best. I have been seeing her since 2006 and will never go anywhere else.  Dr. Price is the way to go! Thanks guys! Loving my new smile :)"  and don't stop short of perfection. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them for any cosmetic work (and I'm finicky about teeth)! Two thumbs up! I get compliments on my teeth all the time - thank you for helping me get a smile I'm proud of!" Thank you everyone who helped me throughout my treatment. Thank you Dr. Ginger Price for this amazing experience-who can say that about their dentist? Seriously?"  my insurance company will not pay for a replacement.  I have written three formal letters to Dr. Price since September of 2014 requesting a refund on this tooth so that I may have it replaced.  I have received not so much as a phone call from them. When I called last week I was told by the receptionist that this more or less was my fault and should I take formal action against them Thank you Dr. Price and your amazing staff for my perfect smile!"  I will say that Dr. Ginger Price was nice and worked with me when I needed a filing on my front tooth. She was willing to match the price of my other dentist office at $28....when they initially wanted around $350.... But after everything I went through here I am extremely unhappy and would advise others not to go here."  a procedure I had three times throughout my treatment. It's not the most pleasant experience (take the rest of the day off work after)  first set of invislaligners and decided to do the Propel procedure to speed up the process. I opted for nitrous oxide and honestly didn't feel a thing and it was over in an hour tops. My estimated time frame for Invisalign is 15 months and with the Propel hoping for 7.5 or less (fingers crossed). I need to comment that I've been told by another dentist that I was not an Invisalign candidate and with that last dentist visit I had significant pain with any and all procedures. If I had known about Dr. Price and that this process could be so easy and painless  I would have done this much sooner. This was the first time in my entire life I left the dentist pain and stress free and with no anxiety about returning for any further treatment. THANK YOU SO MUCH for all that you do in making each patient feel comfortable and welcomed. Can't wait to see the progress and end result of my Invisalign! I know that whatever the outcome it will be an improvement from where I began!"  I'm now over half way through the process. I have been into the the office multiple times for new aligners and cleanings and still have nothing but wonderful things to say about the staff and the entire process. Invisalign process has worked better than I anticipated and I have had 2 propel procedures with great results! On my last visit I was informed at my next appointment in febuary it will be determined if the process will end 3 weeks later or 6 so I was petty excited to learn I MAY be done 3 weeks early but even if I'm not the process has been painless and worth every penny. I no longer have ANY fear of going to the dentist absolutely no anxiety and hope that anyone else out there anxious  never have to wait long for your appointment. Would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great dentist."  and personable. Dr Ginger Price will follow up with you after every appointment and do her own inspection. She has several rooms for her to do her own procedures too if you need something a little more invasive than cavity drilling. Also (not that this is related to dentistry) her complex is BEAUTIFUL. I've been coming here for 14 years since I was 9." "Wow! I am amazed! I just had my tooth pulled today and my dentist called to check up on me. Who does that? This dentist  gentle and fun. I was in and out with two rear fillings and a filling for a crack in my front tooth in 30 minutes and I was comfortable the whole time. Dr. Adhikari was gentle  and don't push extra products on me. I've referred numerous new-Arizonians to this place." The office of Artist Dental is a top notch office and I would highly recommend it as your dentist office too."  decades. Artistic Dental is staffed by the finest group of professionals I've ever experienced as a patient. Dr. Dougherty is exceptional -- not only procedurally as a dentist but also as a person. He truly cares about his patients -- whether it involves treatment or explaining options and the origin of problems. He possesses that rare combination of being professionally sound and personally competent. The office staff is just as friendly I make the drive from Scottsdale to the biltmore just for this place. I've been loyal to them -- as they came in on a Friday night before I was leaving the country when I had a tooth emergency! Front office manager (Mary) is uber nice!!!  and that I had ""beautiful teeth"".  WOW. I owe a BIG thanks to Dr. Dougherty for these compliments. I highly recommend him and his staff."  insurance won't pay for another as it should last 10 yrs!"  professional and treated my mouth with ease while giving me a great cleaning. I saw Dr. Adhikari. She was great and made me feel like she had my best interest at heart. She took her time with me and made sure I was well informed about my teeth before she finished with me. You will be happy you chose this dental office." "Great dental office and staff! I have referred my entire family here! Even my relatives that are snow birds come in when they are in town! Dr. D and Dr. A are both wonderful dentists! My 8 year old son had four cavities  and painless. I am so happy with the work that was done and so glad I had Dr. Dougherty and another awesome dental assistant there to talk me through everything. FIVE STARS for Artistic Dental! I would (and already have started to) recommend this place to anyone looking for dental work or a regular dental office to get cleanings at." Thefront office staff willingly provides information on the best options for billing and scheduling. This place reminds me of my childhood dentist. Everyone is caring and passionate about their jobs."  quick and will fix what is bothering you. I experienced some pain after an extraction and when I called Y'all are amazing and I look forward to seeing you in 6 months!"  especially if you've let your smile ""slip"" from less-than ideal experiences with other practices." Chipped a front tooth tonight just before leaving on a trip tomorrow AM to San Francisco. Found Dr. Adhikari and she was able to take me at 7:00pm and perfectly fix the problem. Dr. Adhikari and staff are funny and friendly. I have found a new dentist and it's close to where I live! I will now be able to travel without looking like a hillbilly! Thanks Artistic Dental!  is great! She's always friendly and tries to help as much as possible. She's quite the small talker but keeps things interesting! She is knowledgeable and shows good medical judgement. I would highly recommend her to anyone in my family." I had read reviews on another website of Dr. Day and they pretty much said the same thing. But I figured  it will come back in 6 weeks. It has now been 4 months and I still do not have full feeling restored. I was sent to collections without even getting my last bill in the mail. Please save your FACE and yourself major aggravation."  finding him pleasant and professional and NOT arrogant as stated in another review.  The only real issue I have ever had (in 3 procedures) is an employee who says things like ""I need you to""  as I am HIGHLY allergic to penicillin. Had I not read the label and taken it I would have ended up in the hospital. (Point three will circle back to number two)   3) They will call you non stop for ""final photos"" I agreed to finally go in only because I still have no feeling on my bottom teeth and I am still congested.  I wanted to discuss it with him Even the desk attendants were pushy about the surgery saying I should have them all removed in one session vs having them done in two sessions.  Clearly this office is money hungry and they don't care about the patient's well being post surgery." oQpq9f0HkS-_8RXlcsMiUg Exceptional and professional in everyway. Staff were friendly and Dr. Day explained everything. If you could refer an Oral and Facial doctor - he would be it! Thanks. Gail Z The ONLY saving grace in that practice is his kind and attentive staff.  Everyone in that office is an asset to him." After 6 months I need another surgery  and also recommend that they fly to see him from where they live. He is the best in his profession." If you have ANY problems with your jaw I am telling you go see Dr Day you will not be sorry!!!"  so be prepared to pay far more than you're quoted.  I've never written a review about a physician or dental office -- because I've never felt so scammed by a medical service provider."  gave me a very long consultation so I could make an informed decision.  He promised he could do the work without challenge and he did.  Billing was fast and efficient I would suggest you ask for a different referral if your dentist's office tries to send you here. Dr. Day and his staff are competent at best  call Perfect Teeth (see my review) and ask for a caring professional like Dr. Salb." I would definitely recommend Dr. Day and his staff - they're super nice." I confidently recommend Dr. Day and team!  You will be in good hands."  but I can laugh without fear of dislocation and I haven't had a migraine since before my surgery. I honestly would recommend Dr Day to anyone. He and his staff are bar none the BEST!!!!" "I am rewriting this today because it sparked me when I received an email from their office confirming my appointment that is a week away. I doubted this place the first time I went there because it was a small business and their location is not very exciting.  Their office is very nice though  and professional. He will always take a few minutes to chat and see how I am over all. They have now moved over to their new home on Indian School and it is gorgeous! Great space and great location! I appreciate everything they do for me and will continue to take all my teeth needs there :)"  'Gee I can't wait to get drilled in the mouth!'... yeah. No. I even had a little coupon for a whitening kit for my first cleaning and xray visit. Love that. I am all about having whitey whites. After you run out of whitener  his receptionist. Kelly is terrific! They will help you no matter what's wrong. His dental hygienists have always been terrific as well. And the office is easy to get to at 42nd & Indian school. They are easy to work with re: insurance. Go see them yourself!" If you are looking for a new dentist  and that she also noticed that I have been brushing my right side more then my left.  I think her attention to detail is amazing.  Dr. Milana also stop by to see how I was doing.  I Highly recommend coming to Dr. Milana and his staff if you are looking for a new dentist."  she has to be the BEST Dental Hygienist ever!! She knows how anxious I can get with every appointment and always does an amazing job to make me feel comfortable while I'm getting my cleaning. She also has the best choices of music playing when I come in and that is top notch in my book. I would suggest them to anyone Awesome dentist and remarkable team! "Dr. Milano has been my dentist for over 6 years. He's professional  so I can have better health ins where it is more likely to be used. I have always paid cash every 6months to have my teeth cleaned. In July I found the care to be exceptional as well as the front end helper. This time that wasn't the case. Several things to look out for  as your correct it was for Arcadia Modern Dentistry and not your business! So sorry for any problems this has presented for your practice  and I'm left with not only a bitter taste in my mouth but in my wallet due to carelessness.  UNHAPPY." I can't say enough wonderful things about this office!" "Upgrading my previous review rating due to office following through on my insurance claim with an appeal that was approved.  This was only after multiple communications. Also after further reviewing items not covered by insurance  Dr. Milana and the staff at Arcadia Dentistry are top notch!  Cynthia is always so friendly and helpful booking my multiple appointments to balance my schedule and Dr. Milana's availability. Any and all of the dental assistants are fantastic to work with.  And what can I say about the man himself??  Dr. Milana is a blast to work with - taking the time to explain my options and walk me through every step of my multiple procedures.  And  and the overall process--which required a referral to a specialist and multiple additional visits--was not well explained to me in the beginning. Very limited appointment slots was also a problem with this office."  proficient and exceptional doctor "My tooth was badly infected after a visit here. $1  they didn't have record of the verification. The receptionists are ghetto.  It took an hour before my name was called. The tech taking X-rays had to retake several angle multiple times because she couldn't angle the bite guard properly (I just got out of braces so I have a perfectly functional bite). My previous dentist prescribed me a fluoride toothpaste because of white spots on my teeth due to braces (decalcification). The dentist at Western Dental refused to write a prescription for a fluoride toothpaste. Are you kidding me??? Fluoride!!!!??? I won't be going back."  it took him 2 hours even though it was only supposed to take 1 and he NEVER seemed rushed about it. He was patient through everything and was COMPLETLY thorough. I never have felt more at ease with a dentist. I was terrified of the dentist before this. I now would not go ANYWHERE else." As a Corporate Dental company they don't care about you as a patient!  They just want to make as much $$ as they possible can.  I used Western Dental as a quick fix for a cavity I needed filled. I didn't want to waste my PTO time so I went because I could go on a Saturday. They make you sign a contract for all work that they will perform. I needed to come back to have a filling re-filled.  I only paid for what I had done that first day. I ended up having to cancel the next appt. and told them I would reschedule. I then got a bill for the work that had yet to be done along with an additonal fee as a late payment and they said if I did not make this payment they would report this to the credit bureaus!"  painless and efficient extraction with bone graft (I researched this on the internet afterwards; he did exactly what was needed). I was quite pleased and there was no pressure to obligate myself. I'll be discussing the follow up with them when the time comes  I was skeptical because (1) the reviews here are hit and miss ... (2) personal acquaintance experiences and (3) I just prefer to spend at small businesses... but I knew I needed work and I knew I needed a business that (A) met my insurance requirements and (B) would work with my budget for a payment plan. The staff at this office exceeded my expectations!! From the initial greeting  even though the office was open over 2 more hours.  We had several choices for this at 9am but at 2pm on a Saturday they are now very limited and Monday is a loongg time away.  Time we can't recover. The dentist was in over his head and too chicken to have a conversation with me about the circumstances Very disappointed in the oral surgeon there.  Some man prescribed me a salt water gargle and iboprufen for my swollen freaking gums with a 10/10 pain. This was the answer he gave me after the THREE TIMES OF ASKING!!  If I wanted to be told this I could've asked my grandma for goodness sakes! Who let's their patient walk out with some medieval ways of treating pain and discomfort. After 5 long months Western Dental has finally come to the conclusion that despite their lack of competence the are still entitled to my money. I'm not sure if Dr. McGuire or his techs are to blame for my treatment not working. I now have to start my treatment over somewhere else and pay more. These people clearly do not care about their patients which is why they market to lower income households Truly great staff I received my dentures today and truly feel blessed by this team of professionals. I'm in a great deal of pain however have a wonderful new smile.   I had 17 teeth exstracted  and Dr. Rakeesh maneged my pain very well.  The Dental asistant staff  has been awesome.  I unfortaunatly recieved dentures  early in my life  however  they have made this experience  smooth.  The dental asistsnt staff are wonderful caring people  and deserve  good praise for their work.  I currently am dealing with getting used to my dentures however the staff has been wonder in asnwering my questions (there have been a lot) and treating me with respect.  I dont know about any others experience  by mine has been WONDERFUL.  The treatment and dealing with dentures was stressfull  but the client centered care before  the procedure and the constant reashuring that my treatment is going as planned.  The recovery both phsyically and emoitonallty has been ROUGH. However the staff at Western Dental has been wonderful. THANK YOU!! My smile keeps getting better and better just went in for my 2nd adjustment the staff is truly talented and have done a wonderful job of restoring my smile.   They get me me in and make me feel welcome and I leave on time. This place is truly the place to go STAY AWAY FROM WESTERN DENTAL PEOPLE!!!!!! THEY ARE NO GOOD AND SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN!!!!!"  can't never be seen on time. Had an appointment @10:30 and didn't get seen til 12 got out at 1 pm and they can't even apologize. The receptionists are very unprofessional." SeSmcvfWQxj3PKiizxkdQg  nice (even fun) person. Truman was nestled near my feet having a snooze while this happened. He was not in any way disruptive. She told me that she would ask Dr. Zacher. About 15 minutes later Rhonda called back and told me the 'there was not a good fit'  I will miss the friendly staff who treat their clients as if they are a part of the family. Luckily  and chipped his two front teeth in half. My parents called Dr. Zacher and he got out of bed at 2:30 am to meet my brother at the office and do some emergency repair work. That's great service!" I cannot be more grateful. If you want an excellent dentist that has some integrity... just make your appointment. You can thank me later ;-)"  I moved dental insurances. Unfortunately I was no longer choosing an in-network dentist but they had proven they were a one-of-a-kind office. And so here we are: a move to and back from WA When telling them I couldn't afford the work that I knew I needed and that is why I had not seen a dentist for so long. They offered me a payment plan that worked with my budget!" I write this review in part because I was amazed at no one had wrote one before- especially consider all the folks that I know that go to this office."  clean modern office and nice staff... And a nice view of Camelback mountain. I'm new to the valley  and they do all they can do to help you obtain a healthy mouth and a good outcome.  I recommend Dr. Belden and his staff to anyone who is looking for a great dentist!  Smile!" Simply the best dentist I have ever had in my life!  The whole office staff is excellent as well.  No other dental office I would ever go to.  (And I've been with him since he bought the practice quite a few years ago.)  why the 4 stars? I can't knock how thorough this office is. I just wish they would have told me ahead of time Another big thing is the wait time. Talk about nada. When you're appointment is at 3 p.m. I am just so pleased with the cleaning and service I received.  I will recommend All Smiles Dental to anybody!"  so I don't think its really a kids kinda place. Even more reason for me to go."  I guess I'm just livid that I received a threatening letter in the mail saying that I had been disregarding my bills for months now and would have to pay in full.  IT WAS THE FIRST SUCH BILL I HAD RECEIVED! When I called the office they said they do the ""best they can"" in scheduling appointments so that the insurance covers it but there are over 1100 insurance companies and they are ""not perfect"".  Funny  I just asked her to verify the pricing with the insurance.  She said she would call and then call me later that afternoon.  I've still never received a follow-up from her.  I did however receive an estimate from my insurance in the mail yesterday... and sure enough I was right. She was almost $500 off (not in my favor).  I'm guessing that when she found out she was wrong Thank you Tish! I hope you stay around in the office for awhile." I had the best cleaning I have EVER had here. Your mouth will probably be sore for a day or so but it's worth it."  the billing team great and the experience really relaxing (as relaxing as having your teeth drilled on can be). I had an extensive cavity refilled (previous work done by another dentist). I have had a few cavities filled and I have never been properly numbed. I was completely numb when Dr. Smith started work and felt a slight twing when he started drilling more extensively. He immediately stopped and administered another shot. After that I did not feel a thing. They got be out in time to drive to work. We really like this dentist and recommend him to everyone!" Today was my first visit to All Smiles. Aubrey was fantastic! She told me more about my teeth than anyone ever has and she is fixing them too. I will be back in two weeks so Dr. Smith can repair a bad cavity repair from the past. The support staff was very friendly! I recommend this dental practice to everyone!!  however I was immediately put at ease with the staff and Dr. Matloff's professionalism and true care for my well-being. I would recommend this office to anyone! I drove over an hour to this appointment because he's the best... I'm so glad I did!" Dr Matloff and his staff are FANTASTIC!! This was my second root canal procedure with him. He was able to fit me in late in the afternoon. Mine was a difficult procedure and with only a 50-50% chance of success. He worked almost 2.5 hours but was able to save the tooth where the only other alternative was to extract the tooth and have an implant. The whole procedure was completely painless. I highly recommend him. Dr. Matloff and his staff are excellent. I broke a teeth and he fit me in same day with less than an hours notice. Walked me through the procedure and explained everything. Would definitely recommend?  gentle and knowledgeable. This dentist's office is made up of an awesome team. They made me feel comfortable and cared for Hopefully I won't need another root canal but if I do "Dr. Matlaw and his staff are fabulous! Just had my root canal and he saved my tooth from having to be pulled. Root canal was completely pain free! I actually was falling asleep during the procedure; I was so comfortable. Great experience  even though my dentist strongly recommended Dr. Matloff. The staff puts you at ease immediately Dr. Vo is great -- very friendly and knowledgeable.  His assistant are also great.  honest and truly care about their patients. I highly recommend Saguara Dental."  he is hands down one of the best dentists I've ever been to. All of his assistants are super nice as well. If you need a great dentist definitely give him a call :-)"  informative and light handed dentist. Finally my search is over. Dr. Vo is amazing I defiantly recommend him to anyone looking for a great dentist with fair pricing." Dr Vo is very gentle and talks through the process of what he is working on to make you feel comfortable.  He answered all of my questions and put me at ease-  I've been going to him for about a year now and I am so glad I am.  I would highly recommend his practice! A professional hands down!" Dr Vo is an outstanding dentist. His attention to detail and customer service is amazing. He makes even the scariest situation seem easy. He removed extra dense bone from the roof of my mouth that no other dentist new how to handle. I am so grateful for his expertise and kindness. I have been going to Dr Vu for over 5 years and wouldn't go anywhere else. He has amazing bed side manners and is a perfectionist with his skills. I recommend all my friends to him and they all love him. The staff is always friendly and inviting. And the office is state of the art.  very friendly and down to earth! He took time with each of us to talk about any problems we might be having and gave practical solutions. The hygienists were amazing - they were so nice and patient! I think that I had the best by far - there has never been a time that I have enjoyed going to the dentist  Melissa asked if I knew about a new development in Scottsdale that is supposed to have fountains in the future.  i didn't know about it It's nice when an establishment still stays classy even when they lose your business. I wish circumstances were different and I was able to still see Dr. Choules. I will definitely return if my carrier changes again!"  I finally faced up to it. My experience with Dr Choules and his staff was very pleasant and professional"  and the $50 take home bleaching kit offer with a Yelp check in can't be beat! :D"  even though I don't have dental insurance. Big bonus." "I've been coming here since I got my braces on 15 years ago and have recommended it to many people. The staff is so friendly and the dental hygienists do a great job. I've had all sorts of dental work here and they have made every experience a positive one. They listen and answer all questions I may have and they make sure that I am comfortable throughout the appointment. As long as I am in Phoenix Absolutely incredible. Patient-driven. Friendly. They were amazing! I scheduled an appointment due to problems with retainers I had made out of state. Crystal fixed them within minutes. It was an entirely painless process.  they even sent J a letter thanking him for entrusting them with his family and included a pass to BearArizona.  How awesome is that!?   Great staff.  Great dentist!"  and she is an absolutely amazing hygienist.  We always had something funny and fun to talk about with each other which is not an easy task when your mouth is open and your having your teeth cleaned! She always makes sure your comfortable an not in any pain.  She also checked things and gave me some helpful tips that I had never heard about in my life.  She's the best!"  but still) and my appointments have started exactly on time. I made it very clear I needed to be out in an hour to make it to work on time one day and they happily worked with my schedule. I'd be quick to recommend this group."  traditional bed side manner and humor. if you like a traditional no non-sense thorough dentist without all the fluff then you should check him out. his hygienists are diligent careful and educated." Great dentist!! I left my old dentist for very bad reasons and am so glad I tried this place. I've just gone for cleanings but they make you feel very comfortable. The entire staff is great and very friendly. I learned most of the staff is tenured which doesn't surprise me. It's a great atmosphere even for a dentist office and I would highly recommend them! My only complaint would be for covered parking :) I went here due to the Yelp reviews and I am glad I did. Not only was everyone super nice and polite but the dentist is actually pretty funny and very good at what he does. He explained everything that he was doing to keep me informed on what was going on. The hygienist was great as well. I will be back in a few short weeks for a cleaning and I know that I will be well taken care of.  and gave me great advice for stopping some decay from turning into a full blown cavity. Both she and Dr. Choules were very gentle when it came to placement of those uncomfortable x-Ray cardboard pieces "We love this dentist office! I have had very bad luck and experiences with dentists and hygienists and this office made me feel comfortable. They are very knowledgeable if you have any questions and we've actually referred multiple people here for procedures like root canals "my 2 yr old granddaughter was restrained without her mother's permission to put a cap back on her molar. Twenty five minutes had passed since the assistant took the baby back... so I asked where she was and was told she was in the xray room... She was finally brought out and her face was beat red and she was all sweaty and still sobbing.. the assistant admitted that they had her in a ""quiet room"" instead they should have brought me or mom to calm her down. The baby kept telling me that ""they"" tied her down and gave her a boo boo. We will be filing a complaint with the american dental association. ..."  very professional and helped ease my nervous children to becoming calm about having their cavities filled.  I could not believe how good and patient he was with the children.  Thank you so much for helping my children with their dental care Kidz Connextion!"  and the office looked so kid friendly.  The whole experience really helped my 3 children feel comfortable going to the dentist.  I certainly would recommend them to my friends and family." And when they try again one of those animals told him "" if u do it again u will clean the mess"" . they are lucky he just told me until now after months"  and had to walk out at least 3 times to look at them as I kept asking questions. The management has been HORRIBLE in dealing with an insurance issue I have been having. Not returning calls and being extremely uncooperative when I do get them on the phone. The only thing that gives this place even 1 star is the dental assistants Note: her office moved to 32nd & Camelback...  make sure not to go to the old office on 44th Street." "I am normally a very easy going patient. I understand the importance of maintainence and can understand when unexpected expenses come up however; my most recent experience with House Dental was disheatening in the least. A normal routine filling turned into a $2000 root canal and crown. I was not even aware that I had reached my insurance max (not sure how they had already billed $1000 from a cleaning and checkup) and the team at Dr. House's office was reluctant to give me that information until after my tooth had been drilled through and exposed leaving me with no options but to get the root canal immediately or be in pain. Considering I wasn't even in pain at all before coming to the dentist  and I've been saving up for my next. All dental work is expensive."  I was texted NOT called that we were ""playing Games."" Playing games by trying to pay my bill? Doesn't make much sense. I have since then attempted to reach Dr. House THREE times by phone and have been out right ignored. Not only will we NOT return as patients Now the whole fam uses him and they love him too...."  and the service is excellent. I hate going to the dentist Dr. Goodwin's office is top notch I highly recommend Dr. Goodwin!!"  was outstanding and quick.  Dr. Price repaired a front tooth of mine and you would not know it is not my natural tooth.  He did a beautiful job and was very Highly recommend this office."  great dentist! That holds for all in his office staff. Very professional whilst providing usual tips about dental care. I'm the type who asks a lot of questions about the reasons and technology behind their profession. Kudos to Dr Price for establishing such a great practice. Definitely deserves the highest ranking!"  check on your insurance and admire pics of your kids all at once.  She rocks.  Front office people can make or break a medical/dental practice.  Dr. Simpson has no worries here." Don't bother looking...there isn't another Dentist like this!"  will take the time to hear about your problems...you HAVE to go to Dr. Simpson." EVERYBODY SHOULD SEE DR. SIMPSON FOR THEIR ORAL CARE!!!!" I've been seeing Dr. Simpson for well over a decade. The office staff is super friendly and  personable. The office is spotless and modern. They take care of all insurance stuff without a problem. Yeah Bottom line: Highly Recommended"  I hadnt been to the dentist in an extended amount of time when I finally decided to bite the bullet (no pun intended) and find an expert. Dr. J and his entire staff at Squaw Peak Dental blew me away. From the moment I walked in the door I would highly recommend Dr. J and his fabulous staff to anyone!! Don't be afraid if you haven't been to the dentist in a minute Turns out that we both have great teeth and the other dentist confirmed that not only were the procedures he recommended highly profitable I have been going to Dr. J for years and love him and his team.  As a professional in the healthcare field I appreciate his knowledge and professionalism.  I always get compliments on my teeth and I love to show them off.   KJS I could not give this place a higher recommendation.  Knowledgeable and friendly staff.  The office is gorgeous with great views of the mountains.  and even try to help you with the least expensive approach first. In the case they cannot provide the services you require they will give you an outstanding referral 7aGRXdKyjhAilq3XnzZkiw Life long loyal patient :)"  but make it quick because this office is efficient and punctual! Dr. Ortale is a dentist who goes above and beyond to be sure his patients receive his focused care and attention to their needs. He is extremely thorough and is absolute about providing the best dental care possible.  Whether he is treating me or my small children I can only hope to find as good of a dentist after our next move. I highly recommend this practice!"  always had the answers to all my questions. Always made sure I was comfortable and at ease! I will not hesitate next time Dr Ortale is great with my son who is physically and mentally disabled. He treats him with respect and has won him over. My son does not like to lay back and have water sprayed in his mouth let alone have someone mess with cleaning his teeth. Dr Ortale is patient and reassuring so my son lets him clean his teeth.  Wouldn't go anywhere else.  now! Dr. Spilotro and the staff have always been professional and friendly and they usually run on time. The facility is very welcoming even to families with small children (they play cartoon network in the waiting room "I went here because I had a bad tooth ache. The dentist was so friendly and even clam me down before he numb me. I always hated when they do the shots to numb you  torn furniture and did not give the privacy statements but wanted a form signed that we received it. They only care about money and not the care of their patients. Non-transparent and unprofessional. HIGHLY NOT RECOMMENDED" Dr. Spilotro makes me feel so comfortable while I am there. He genuinely cares about his patients and it is not just about making money and moving on to the next. With that being said  they take the ones I have had. The staff is polite and helpful. I like that they take care of things ahead of time and are able to give a cost estimate based on your insurance. Dr. Spilotro goes above and beyond as well. I recently had a cracked tooth but I didn't know it  the Dr is a great dentist and is also very caring. They did a great job and made me feel at ease." Dr rick is by far the best dentist my son has seen in 6years. I recommend anyone to take thier little ones. Wee care dental has been taking care of my children for the last twelve years! They are kind considerate they listen and are very friendly! The office is always clean and welcoming. Dr. Rick and his friendly staff are always there to answer any questions and always have a smile on their faces. Most people fear going to the dentist when I tell my children it's dentist day you would think we were going to Disneyland. We recently went for our 6 month cleaning and before we left my son asked when we could come back! If you have ever had a bad experience with a dentist or are looking for a dentist please go to wee care. 5 stars aren't enough.  love Wee Care Dental.  In our house nicknamed 'The Koala Doctor'.  We have been going here since my kids were toddlers and they are now teenagers.  I can't say one negative thing about these guys.  My daughter is 16 and I mentioned maybe going to a 'grownup' dentist and she said no way.  She wants to stay with Dr. Rick until they kick her out.  Not one negative thing to say about these guys." We have been coming to Dr. Rick Meyers for almost 10 years now and their staff has been amazing to us!  They treat us like family even when they only see us twice a year.    Any time we have any questions or concerns they make sure we are satisfied with our care.  My two boys will grow up NEVER having a fear of going to the dentist because of Dr. Meyers and his staff!  Is it possible for kids to love going to the dentist?! Yes! Worst dentist office in town. It's raining today and I was driving down the freeway when my window blew out. Glass everywhere as I'm driving 60 mph. I pulled off the freeway to reschedule my appointment. They tell me even after my life was put in danger by an act of god that they are going to charge me $75 to reschedule. I told them I had to think about rescheduling and they had the nerve to ask when I would know. These people don't care about you or your mouth. All they care about is money. Do not bring your business to this facility. "I do not know why there are negative reviews. This place is nothing but professional. They only charge you the 75 fee if you have already did not tell them you were not going to make an appointment already. So if that is your second time of course they are going to charge you even though life happens. They discuss and give you paperwork of every procedure they will do to you. I have no clue what the other person is talking about. They make you sign a paper and also verbally okay it with you multiple times in order for you to understand what they are about to do or schedule. I am a wimp when it comes to the dentist and Dr. Velasco is amazing!!! Both my husband and I go here and we love the staff! They are nothing but honest  price payment plans staff. But I've later it has closed. I found the Dentist and my problem has been taken care of. If you are willing to drive he is in Gilbert. I think its worth it." "Absolutely one of the finest dentists in the USA. I have had over 20 root canals and even more crowns and Dr. Moyer is now re-doing most of the this poorly done prior work in my mouth and he is absolutely amazing! He is a skilled dentist and has excellent chairside manner...a true professional. You know you are in good hands when other specialists DoF3v38Mr0hRALRB4akP3w "I have been going to Dr. Moyer now for two years after some very bad experiences with other dentists. I find the other review on Yelp extremely difficult to believe and is probably just someone doing it maliciously. I can promise you that as someone who has had 20 root canals Dr. Moyer and his staff are great! I always leave feeling confident I got the best treatment.  he was professional and put my boyfriend who has an intense fear of needles at ease. I would definitely recommend him to friends and family." EXCELLENT patient care here! Would recommend him to anyone." This doctor and his staff rocks! I have severe dentist anxiety and they did everything to make my experience anxiety free and comfortable! Thank you to Dr. Ingersoll and your amazing staff! :) The worst dentist I have ever been too. He is not qualified to do anything other than general dentistry. I had a couple of crowns done by him and I am still paying for the mess he made. He made the crows much shorter than the rest of my teeth and he argued with me and told me it was my imagination. His wife runs the office also and she is pushy and offensive. We love it here...been going for over 10 years. Dr. Zargar has always been gentle with the kids. Tanya is wonderful too.  the hygienist was the most HORRIBLE hygienist I have ever had in my life!!! She splashed water all over me! I had the blue bib on Dr Zargar and his staff are truely professionals. I have been coming here for the last few years and they are always friendly and accomodating. I am so happy I found a dentist that I can trust and recommend them to my friends and family whenever they need anything done.  it seemed that every dentist I went to want to do extra work and some didn't even want to clean my teeth. I am a 'teeth person' and take my dental work seriously. I wasn't thrilled when they told me I had a cavity last week My family has been using this dental office for over 10 years now!  The staff really cares about their patients. I love this place. Not a fan of getting dental work done but I surely wouldn't do it anywhere else Going to this dentist was a horrible experience. They are not qualified to do anything other than general dentistry. I went to him and had a crown done. Not only did he mess up the crown he destroyed a perfectly  healthy tooth next to it.He made the crowns too short and argued with me when I complained. The entire experience was a nightmare. His wife also runs the front desk and she is rude and offensive. Great dentist office! They are very welcoming and make you feel comfortable. It's worth going to if you live in the area. Two small gripes aside; this is definitely a dentist worth seeing if you happening to live in this part of town." Dr Zargar and his staff are truely professionals. I have been coming here for the last few years and they are always friendly and accomodating. I am so happy I found a dentist that I can trust and recommend them to my friends and family whenever they need anything done. The best dental experience I've ever had. Came in for a root canal dreading it. Dr. Baker was quick and painless. I didn't even know he'd started and he was all done. Highly recommend! "Everyone at this office is absolutely wonderful! I really think Dr. Baker is the best dentist I've ever been to -- I have gone to him for several crowns & he has done a perfect job every time. The dental assistants & ladies that work at this office are all so nice "Love this dental office. The staff are all extremely friendly and the environment was very welcoming.  During my dental exam and the entire process FO6t5wWrmeHsolwhNGkp0g Dr Levine has been my dentist for years.  She's been a great help to me and the entire office is friendly and welcoming every time I'm here. I love Dr. Levine and her staff.  They always do a great job and you can tell she cares about her patients.  They also just stick to dental work and aren't always trying to sell you some tooth cleaning system while you are a captive audience in the chair. North Valley Family Dentistry did pay for ALL of my treatment to have my tooth rectified... as they should have!" I also had a similar experience as I.B but got a second opinion before I let them do anything saving me a lot of pain  but this staff always makes it much easier to go to the dentist. They are all very friendly and professional. Dr. E Bigos  has been my dentist now for six years and she is awesome. They have done my crowns and a root canal and did an excellent job on all occasions. I highly recommend North Valley Family Dentistry and all of their staff."  but I was assured that I would be in good hands. I went in for routine cleaning and realized that lack of upkeep on my part I had a few cavities.  I returned to have them filled and sealed "Dr. Biggos has been my primary dentist for many years.  I have always been impressed with her and the staff at North Valley Family Dentistry.  The office is clean and neat. They have done root canals Had my teeth cleaned today and was very impressed by the work done by Dana! She's the BEST!! Must be that Midwest living!!  she performs miracles and makes you feel completely comfortable the entire time.  I'm so grateful we found her! Go see her!"  she was tapping me on the shoulder telling me we were finished.. I was shocked and so pleased!! I now go to her for preventive check ups instead of waiting until I have no other choice!! Her staff is awesome and just as calm and pleasant.. The office is nice and welcoming.. I have nothing but GREAT things to say about 'the doc' (dr.Erica Bigos) and her staff .. Except  excellent staff!  Everything is explained in detail so I was able to understand what was happening. Dr. Bigos is the best dentist I have found in my 52 years." I would recommend this dentist to people who like to feel relaxed and be taken good care of when going to a dentist." 9SagRmnqSimrjNdFY7RXNQ "Love my Dentist and Hygienist!!!  I started going here in 06. They were my 1st  choice because they were right next to where I worked at that time. So it was easy to go there over my lunch. Now in 07 In the process of making an appointment I hate going to the dentist but this office makes it much easier to go.  They are all so nice  and very kind. Never have I felt so at ease in a doctors office. The entire staff treated me really well and I can't wait to get my wife in there. They took me as a walk in and did my x rays and teeth cleaning while they called my insurance company to check the coverage. The doctor was really nice and the assistants as well. The whole time they explained everything they were doing which helped me relax. I ended up need a couple of fillings which to my surprise was about as difficult as walking out to check my mail. Got my teeth cleaned today and X-rays. Everyone was great! I have never felt so comfortable at a dentist. They were quick and convenient. I would defiantly recommend this place! Great job and thank you to this office!" "I arrived 10 minutes early for my daughter's wisdom teeth extraction consultation figuring that there would be paper work to fill out. About 30 minutes into my wait I overheard the receptionist say to a kindly octogenarian woman that it would be another half hour for her appointment. A full 50 minutes after arriving we were brought back to the exam room after a brief X-ray. We were told to watch a video about wisdom teeth and left alone. Another 50 minutes passed making it a full hour and 40 minutes after arriving and we still hadn't seen the doctor. Figuring that they obviously had plenty of patients and clearly didn't need our business  the office resolved our very unsatisfactory experience in a very impressive manner."  only to be told that my issue was something that had to be taken care of by an oral surgeon. Well I was in pain and it was 4:00 in the afternoon. Figured I was out of luck to get my problem taken care that day. My dentist called 3 other places about getting me in that day and when they called Dr. Goldenstein's office they agreed to see me! I was suprised Been to Dr. Goldenstein a few times. He is a genuinely nice man who will make a situation right if need be. I cant say the same for his rude receptionist. I would recommend people to come see him for sure. Hes taken me in last minute a few times when I was in extreme pain. He doesn't like to see people in pain.  staff and office.  I don't need to see a glitzy office with multiple locations and staff that are high fashion and everyone pushing expensive procedures. Dr Goldenstein explains all procedures and provides a detailed cost outline. He is quiet and obviously enjoys providing good dental care. The staff is personable and professional and must enjoy their employment/employer as the staff does not change."  once I sat waiting for over and hour in the waiting room. What's worse is that the tricked me into having a procedure. I came only to have one tooth pulled  an absolutely positive experience!" "I never had even a good experience at the dentist until now. Dr. Goldenstein is professional and friendly. He makes sure you understand everything that you will have done "I've been coming to this practice since we moved to the Valley in 1990 and the doctor before Dr. Dameron took great care of my teeth and Dr. Dameron takes just as great care.  I have a small mouth and he's very considerate  then GOOD LUCK! Refused to reline my denture unless I paid almost $800.00 and it was WITHIN THE SIX MONTH time period as stated in treatment plan. Letter and phone call got me nowhere. Proceed with caution and hold back a little $ if you can or you may NOT get what you need or paid for!!!!......still walking around with NO top teeth two years later!!! Thanks  for nothing!"  had a filling fall out and I was worried I would need a full crown and/or root canal. Dr. Dameron quickly diagnosed the situation and they were able to squeeze me in and I got the new filling put in completely pain free  in about an hour. Fixed up good as new! I would highly recommend Dr. Dameron for any of your dental needs" "Team Dameron is great! Great staff and they keep things simple  I would have marked it.  I have been going to Dr. Dameron for over 12 years for everything from a simple exam and cleaning to a full mouth reconstruction.  The entire staff along with Dr. Dameron are highly professional Been with Dr Dameron for years. Great practice. The staff are friendly and helpful. He is always professional and personable.  after he was highly recommended. I come from the generation where going to the dentist caused indescribable fear and pain!  Dr. Dameron and his team have taken away over 60 years of anxiety  away. I no longer dread my every 6 mo visit. The staff are superb "I have been a patient of Dr Dameron for over 10 years and never have I been treated rudely until today. I am appalled over the way Sabrina The office staff and Dr. were very kind and gentle l. It was a nice experience until I found out I needed 4 fillings and a mouth guard for night time. When the cost was explained to be I about dropped to the floor as I have no insurance. Their cost is double of what my last dentist was so I will not be returning as I cannot afford them payment plan or not I do not have that kind of money Sara did a great job with whitening.  It was easy to make an appointment and it took the exact time they stated.  Sara explained it all clearly and went exactly as planned.  I went home with the trays for touch ups etc.  and informative. Dr. Dameron was great and has such a calming presence for those who are bit nervous to go to the dentist. Not only was he kind but I really loved that he educated me about what he was doing and told me what he was going to do as he did it. Very professional and pleasant experience all around! I would recommend Dr. Dameron to anyone! Thank you Dr. Dameron for bringing my smile back!" The whole team has been wonderful. I've had plenty of traumatic experiences at dentists but the whole staff makes me comfortable. I will send anyone I know looking for a dentist here!  but did not even have time to answer my questions.  I was given her email to send any questions to.  The treatment plan was not explained to me very well  I am extremely surprised at the last 2 reviews.  I have been seen by both Drs. Cohen and Kim and am very happy with my results.  Its true that they do urine testing but they do it to all new patients and its not a big deal especially coming from someone who only takes an occasional ibuprofen every now and then.  I agree that the wait is long but its worth it.  I was having jaw locking Dr. Patel spends time with you and answers all of your questions. The doctor personally showed me the exercises I could do to help my TMJ at my first office visit. Her care for her patients is personalized and outstanding.  ask them to give you a referral to a physical therapist and skip the step of paying a bunch of money to find out you are not on drugs." No one should go to this place!!" "I should have listened to the previous yelp reviews before I went in. I thought they might have been exaggerating but they weren't. When I booked my appointment I was told they would be emailing me a questionnaire. I never received the email from them. When I went in I had to waste 30 minutes in a back room on a computer filling out the questionnaire. Except they could have just had me do it while I was waiting another 45 minutes for my doctor to see me. I was told when I booked the appointment initially that my appointment wouldn't be long because I was Dr. Patels first appointment in the morning. I ended up wasting 2 1/2 hours for a treatment plan that I could have just researched online. The doctor wanted to take X-Rays  he did nothing on me himself and he charged my insurance company for it.  My insurance company paid him to do an interview.  I wonder if the other doctors he works with knows that he's trying to leave the company?  His poor assistant did everything herself.  On my second visit I had some questions about the mouth piece I wear.  I tried to ask him  but teaches his effective techniques at dental schools. I find Dr. Cohen personable 8o7Wc93TnLAt1LwWOCxYnw 