It is impossible to get an appointment and be prepared to wait an hour before being seen. I've been coming to this office for over two years now and I have nothing but good things to say about it. I've seen different dermatologists over the last fifteen years and for me this is the best. This wasn't the first Derm I visited in the area either. I had a horrible experience at a different doctors office (there's a review somewhere for that too) and after that visit I went looking for a different doctor and found this place. I have seen two different Drs here and one Physicians Assistant. Both Drs are Bunimovic Mrs and Mr. All of whom have listened to me and actually carried on a conversation about treatment options. I can tell you this is not the case everywhere. I also like that I can message back and forth with my Doctor. If there's something I have a concern about I can take a picture send an email and I normally get a response within 24 hours. Also when I have had tests done I have received calls from my Dr. Not his nurse or an office person but my actual Doctor. This is a rarity now a days.  I do have to say sometimes you might have to wait a few weeks for an appt but they do have a waiting list you can go on and they'll call you if a place opens up. If it's something you feel is urgent let them know and they will do everything they can to get you in asap. This particular office is more for the medical side of dermatology but they do have another location that focuses more on the cosmetics side of things. If you are like me and need to see a Derm on the regular I cannot recommend this office enough.  I waited 55 minutes in the outer office to have a 5 minute examination. Wonder how much they charged my insurance for that?" "Thank you to the amazing staff at Phoenix Skin for taking such amazing care of my Dad. My Dad had questionable moles and was referred to Phoenix Skin by his Primary Physician. Dr. Laris and his staff were professional yet comforting. Dr. Laris took his time with the examination. He explained what he was doing every step of the way and then walked us through what the next steps would be. My father  as well as an artistic and cutting edge approach to keeping your skin young and beautiful "I have held out for awhile going to the dermatologist because of some bad experience's in the past. I found this place online and decided to take the risk. I ended up with Dr. Fermento and I couldn't have had a better experience. She listened to all of my questions/concerns and I felt very comfortable. The staff was very polite 1_ksgP_VSwFx0yBUAV3T4A  I recently lost my job and Dr lee did everything she could and helped me accomplish my goals without having to hound in the insurance company! It has been a week since my procedure and you would never known the improfections were there! Thank you soo much! THE results are SO greatt and truly appreciate your help!"  but would like to get rid of some scarring and big pores). Since I'm not getting any cosmetic services like botox or restylane I only see a PA. My PA is Katherine Haworthe and she is amazing. She worked with me to find the right regimen for my sensitive face. I also religiously come every 5 weeks to get a chemical face peel to help minimize my acne scarring and huge pores. Haworthe takes the time to answer questions I have and is always on time when I come in. I recently got my moles checked and she did a great job recording and taking pictures of every mole I have to monitor it. The office staff is great and it is really easy to make an appointment in person or over the phone. Will be a customer here for years to come :)" "I was referred to this office by my general doctor to have a cyst removed on my arm. After THREE visits  Ultherapy (amazing results) and recently filler.  I was very reluctant and nervous to have filler but he was conservative and skillful.  I am thrilled with the results.  Between the Ultherapy and filler I feel like 7 years have come off.  I highly  surgical coordinator  in phoenix skin care. I tried to schedule an appointment with her but when ever I tried to call her all the time it went to voicemail and even called the help desk to schedule an appointment with her but of no help.  I went to phoenix skin after lot of research and good reviews but of no use. If they won't care about their patients why would I recommend phoenix skin care please avoid Phoenix skin care."  explained to me the face wash and moisturizers that I should be using... And I can not believe the difference.  I was over washing my face and using too many products drying out my skin causing more breakouts.  The extra 5 minutes he spent with me going over the basics made a world of difference in my skin.... The staff here is always great as well!!  I only get one face don't go here for tattoo removal because their technician knows not what she does. :( :(" I've been going here for treatments for the past four years. Appointments are always on time! "I received thorough a consultation on the available options for my melasma.  I am so happy to have found a decent dermatologist office after a horrendous experience elsewhere .  I went from a wicked witch and her ugly henchman to a bit more pleasant office setting. Yay!  One thing that I was turned off by is when they do the chemical peel  the dr. didn't really get into detail of why it's happening and possible treatments (I have melasma on my face). The dr. just sort of prescribed me the medication and sent me on my way "Phoenix skin has been the best place for me. The service is great and I go each month for my laser hair removal on my legs. I have received 6 sessions so far and I have noticed a huge difference. McKenzie is great and so caring! If you need laser hair removal "Been there as an adolescent. Attempted to make an appointment and I wouldn't even go past the receptionists bad attitude problem. When asked a question that you know the client is not going to be happy with When the session was over my skin felt amazing and softer and it looked brighter and clearer.  When we were done she recommended a product to help me with a pigmentation issue and explained how to use it and how to care for my skin afterwards.  I'll definitely be back for more microdermabrasion sessions with McKenzie." The absolute best! First off the staff here are amazing! Blanca walked me through the entire procedure and made me comfortable from day one. Dr. Laris is an artist! I was so impressed with the fact that not one person tried to sell additional services to me and I was given realistic expectations. I was told the mini lift would send me back 7-10 years but it turned out to be at least 10 years! Thank you Dr. Laris! I can not even begin to express my gratitude!  I was expecting a long wait and a long process but nope not what happened here. I checked in for my appointment got seen right away  and was very talented in removing a mystery lesion. Her MA Candice was also the best performance I've ever seen from an MA. There was no sales pitch at any time Front office is very unprofessional and rude. This definitely reflects on the work they do since they don't treat their patients with respect... They charge for negative tattoo space so it's double the price. Aka they are charging for non existing ink in a tattoo area. Delete tattoo has picosure laser and prices are half the price and they don't charge for negative space. Called to see if they stopped charging this way and they told me no they still are charging for negative space. Makes NO sense. Just trying to get more money.  I recommend Phoenix Skin to all of my friends and family. My mother had skin cancer removed from her lip by Dr. Laris and countless friends of mine (including my husband) have been getting their once-thought-it-was-the-best-idea-ever tattoo removal done by Caitlin and their state-of-the-art PicoSure laser. I would highly recommend this practice to you and your loved ones  friendly and professional staff.  They put out enough sunblock to coat / protect your face after a peel.  Very pleasant experience :) thank you Phoenix Skin!" Really great place for professional skin care. I am so impressed with the entire team and process here. I initially liked Phoenix Skin and was planning on doing additional services after my PicoSure treatments were done. Now I am steering clear because of the lack of proper care I've received as a result of this practice."  I seem to have aged exponentially. Probably from having two beautiful children that siphon my life force. Current estimates predict that I will look like a more weathered version of Death Wish franchise actor Charles Bronson within 18-24 months. But for some reason Dr. Laris and MIke are somehow unaffected by the normal aging process. There are two plausible explanations for this. A) They are a member of some tribe of vampire/lycanthrope hybrids that leapfrog through time and remain young "Dr. Laris and all at Phoenix Skin are most professional and uber - caring. I am a 63 year old man who thought he needed a full face lift. After a consultation "If you are ok with Never actually seeing the doctor and having almost all the procedures done by very nice young Physician Assistants then this is your place. If your concerns are cosmetics maybe this place is good but I went for mole checks and basal cell carcinoma removal and it was done by a PA and the results were awful. Infection  with a vengeance. I wasn't expecting to have to ever go through this again. At least not with the same one? I called for a consultation. I was told that I had to have a Dr.'s referral before I could book an appointment. I just get the very distinct feeling that I am being put-off by an aloof I will not return to this office nor would I ever recommend someone to visit this office" "I went to see Dr. Laris today for Restylane eye filler and I must say I'm extremely satisfied with the results. I noticed a huge difference right after treatment. Blanca was amazing I had a neck lift and a Y Lift at Phoenix Skin by Dr. Laris.  I am very pleased with the results and impressed by the facility and his very competent staff.  They listened carefully to what I was looking for and got it exactly right!  I highly recommend Dr. Laris and his surgical team. (Including Blanca and Denise) "Extremely disappointed with the results of my mini face lift and brow lift. It has been a little over a year and initially I was fairly happy. But now you can't even tell I had anything done. My neck is awful I have had nothing but the best experiences with Phoenix Skin! I had my lips enhanced with Dr. Laris using Juvederm. The results are very very natural and beautiful! Dr. Laris is very skilled at his work and is so gentle during the procedure you can barely feel anything! I've only seen the PA Tana F. I'm not going back. They charged hundreds of dollars to spray a mole but did not inform me how expensive it would be to do it. Stephanie in Billing is quite hard-nosed. Also Tana said a lump in my armpit was in the skin layer when clearly it isn't . It's not worth it to go to this place. There are other reputable dermatologists in Central Phoenix.  again she reassured me that the way it looked was normal and that the healing process could take a long time.  So I walked out off the office to which my husband was in the waiting room and looked super complexed that I was only back there for no longer than 1 min.  I went home and continued to care for it with the cream they gave me and another month went by and the symptoms were still the same so I called the office again and explained my situation. The girl on the phone was really nice to me and told me to come back in and this time they would make sure a physician looked at it.  So I went in the following day and the physician barely had to look at my scar and said ""yep that's a keloid and the area is definitely irritated and not healing correctly"" I was appalled and told her my whole background story and she barely had any sympathy.  I specifically came in and asked if this thing looked right and the first girl (really wish I remembered her name) said ""no it looks great"".  I'm so mad it's not fair to me  I would NEVER trust anyone else to touch my skin besides Dr. Laris and his team. Denise and Blanca are wonderful as they've been with Dr. Laris and Phoenix Skin for as long as I can remember. Dr. Laris truly is an artist when it comes to the face. For those of you searching for an amazing Doc for skin care needs and cosmetic procedures So glad I found Phoenix Sun and Ha Pham!" "I came in last year to schedule an otoplasty. I had to schedule it months in advance and had it done in August 2015. After the surgery I was unhappy and told them that. They were very kind to redo the surgery in December This morning I drove my wife there and waited while she had her appointment. The receptionists treated me poorly. When my wife came out  I will be seeking another dermatologist as well as another clinic to have this done. The while I can not speak to the other dermatologists associated with AAD  but spent time explaining the regimen that I would be following until our follow-up appointment. I mentioned that my grandfather had melanoma and without hesitation she did a full body scan. I love how proactive and informative she was. I was able to notice drastic improvements after only a week of the regimen ( Back breaking out) This is something I have had to deal with for years and for the first time I can say my back looks great! I will definitely be coming back here in the future." They tell me they have a 1:45 availabe though. I'm filling out papers when a gentleman started acting upset  they were annoyed with my incessant questioning like I shouldn't be asking questions about my health. They made me feel really insignificant and uncomfortable asking about my health complications  and had also been told they had confirmed my insurance and all co-pays at time of visit. It is obvious this practice has a lack of follow through as well as organization skills. I will NOT be returning. Many other dermatologists in the valley are far superior and have satisfactory staff."  and am currently using several topical retin A treatments. Jessica and her staff are always very knowledgeable and attentive to my needs. Jessica always gives me great tips about my skincare and always patiently and thoroughly explains any questions I have. I've referred several work colleagues to see her and they also enjoy her service."  I just think the price should have been discussed up front. $250?? For a mole removal? Note to self: never having moles removed again "Had a horrendous experience with the male PA here.  He walked in and immediately ""diagnosed"" me based - I can only assume- on his first impression of me.  Told me there was nothing wrong with me and literally patted me on my head and sent me on my way.  He was incredibly condescending The PA Jenna gave me the perfect combination of ointments to cure the growing rash on my finger. It's been working like magic. The office staff was nice and the office itself looked and felt appropriately clean. Its location is convenient yet discrete. It's rare that I feel so satisfied with a visit to the doctor. This is incredibly frustrating as I cannot get relief from the problem I saw them for because they are not resending a prescription. Would not recommend this office to anyone." "Wonderful experience; I got seen so quickly and efficiently that the paperwork took longer than the procedure!  Great Love this place I have been to so many places in the last two years for sun damage and have spent so much money on the things the Dr.s have told me to do and buy. Came here the Dr heard everything id done said even they were waisting money. He prescribed tri luma and its amazing. I'm happy that it works Amma he didn't just try and shove products on me that didn't work. If I ever need a dermatologist ill only come here My appointment lasted about less than 10 minutes and was not very thorough. They gave me orders for blood work but bypassed because I felt like they honestly didn't address my concerns. Complete waste of my money. "Clients Beware!  My 8year old son was referred to go to this facility by our dermatologist since my son was not responding well to his wart treatments.  Apparently this place has a pretty powerful laser to treat warts.  Upon arriving (after a one hour drive)  I had to check the address a couple times to verify that I was in the right place( very ghetto)  Once checking in and filling out all the paperwork  and has gone above and beyond to try and help with my crazy post-Peace Corps skin stuff. The staff has always been helpful as well. I always ask about cost up front  this has been the WORST experience and care ever. I was told by PA. Rod Hood that I was a ""gold mine"" as he found 6 basal cell carcinoma growths. I was 6 months pregnant at the time and he was very condescending towards me. After I had them removed I returned to see a different doctor for a follow up. She found a few more growths then referred me to a new surgeon to have them removed. After weeks of getting the run around from the surgeons office stating they hadn't received a referral for me. It turned out that they don't take my insurance. So after a few more weeks of going back and forth with Arizona Advanced Dermatology to find someone who can perform the surgery and accept my insurance they refer me to a new surgeon. After waiting in his office for an hour and half I find out that AAD wrote the referral for him to close up the wound instead of him performing the actual surgery. So I had to leave and wait for the referral to be fixed. Then when I returned to AAD for my scheduled appointment they said that my referral had expired and I needed to reschedule. After 6 months of being diagnosed with Basal Cell carcinoma I am rearranging my schedule to wait in their offices and not be seen  then we went for a follow up visit about a week later. The surgeon was IN THE MIDDLE of treating my mom when one of the other staff members came in and stopped her because they supposedly don't take her insurance anymore. I'm pretty sure they were lying. The office is old and seems dingy and dirty. I would NOT recommend this place to my worst enemy. I found someone else in my Mom's network that will be a much better fit."  I would have gladly given 5+ stars for Dr. Halmi and his assorted staffs and partner Drs."  but trust that this review will encourage others to find another provider for their dermatology needs." I should have read reviews before! ughh sitting in exam room super nervous now.  I can tell you staff is not pleasant at all!!! P.S. Please note I accidentally  pressed on- screen button indicating they do not accept insurance I have had over 3 moles removed and each time the office usually gives you a shot and then bam its removed. When I tried to take me daughter they decided that she needed two appointments. One to determine if they would remove it then a second to actually remove it. All while having to pay $65 each time to see them. Never again will I visit this office again.  especially since the wait time was so long.   I expected better quality of service during my visit but was very disappointed."  and they prescribe topicals and send you out the door. No education about possible causes & possible preventatives (other than their topical meds). This past experience with PA Kenan was ridiculous. He wouldn't prescribe oral meds  and the other doctors assistants that work there are terrible. I went in to ask about an acne prescription and was told to eat more vegetables and wash my face regularly. Note Unbelievable.  I would highly recommend staying away from this place." What a wonderful experience!  These days it is a miracle to even get 2 minutes with the doctor.  Here I was able to ask questions and actually get some insightful answers.  I never felt uncomfortable or rushed.  I highly recommend this office.  The PAs are wonderful and Dr. Romine was very attentive! "I have been seeing Dr. Romine for a while and find her and her staff to be friendly and attentive for the most part.  I do somewhat agree that the receptionist is less than bubbly otherwise rating would be a 5  I never had a nervous moment. I required 8 stitiches in my forehead  which even the DR could not find on my recheck 6 weeks later: she did such an awesome job! The entire staff is friendly  I was referred here for a mole patrol last year and went here for a follow up a year after.  On my follow up 15 minutes later  rub the lotion on and the swelling and hives and pain get worse. I ended up driving myself to the ER the same night (last night) and was given iv fluids and benedryl which did not help. The dr.s there were convinced I had an autoimmune issue and to see a specialist. I went today to my PCP and was told I have had a severe allergic reaction to Solodyn (which contains Tetracycline) and that I have Steven's Johnson Syndrome and dermagraphism. Google it  and was optimistic for some new treatment as well as to get a prescription for a topical I had already been using.  I knew going into it I would be seeing a PA first and then meet the doctor.  I made it clear on both the written forms they have you fill out as a new patient and verbally stated to the PA that I have an autoimmune disorder and cannot take certain medications with antibiotics.  I met the doctor for only 5 minutes.  i was still given a prescription for a topical with an antibiotic in it and when i got home  and left without ever asking me if I had any questions. She was concerned with staying on schedule (she was already late) rather than treating me. The room I waited in was FILTHY--dirty dressing gowns overflowing the wastebasket and on the floor." Doctors are great but the wait is loooooong... "I've never had a great experience with Dr. Romine's staff--they're always rude. I've only seen Dr. Romine once--for only a few seconds--in all the years I've gone to her office. She's conveniently located and usually has availability Friendly professional staff PA was great talked to us not down to us. Made my daughter feel at ease and comfortable. The Dr. Came in gave her opinion told us what to expect IF it had to be removed felt confident there wasn't cause for alarm. Biopsy was done to make sure all was ok.  but apparently their clocks don't work. Just sat there for 60 minutes past my 8:45 am appointment time no complaints - i would recommend." "I saw Dr. Romine's office for a few years for acne maintenance. Eventually I decided to see one of her aestheticians for a light chemical peel.  This light peel ended up scabbing over most of my face mainly on the sides near my cheeks. I went back to  them after it started to get more severe and was told by Dr. Romine that I was actually lucky because I was getting the result of a more aggressive Laser hair removal to injections to normal up keep." I liked the office and will certainly go back  I waited over a month and a half for an appointment with her. I reconfirmed my appointment with her the week before when I called to check the address.  I arrived this morning 20 minutes early to fill out paperwork.  When I was finally brought back a PA was going to ask me questions before my visit with the Dr.....not Dr. Romine.  I said that my appointment was with Dr. Romine and she said I was scheduled with a different Dr.  This must be their normal procedure because the same thing happened to my friend there a few weeks ago. I was told Dr. Romine was booked.  When I objected and said I wouldn't meet with the other Dr. The PA left and said she'd see what she could do.  After 10 minutes I went to the desk and asked for all of the paperwork I filled out to be returned.  At this time I was told they would try to work me in.  I decided I couldn't stay at a facility with such poor customer service and underhanded practices. I also called my primary Dr. "Referred to Dr. Romine for MOH surgery to remove a basal cell carcinoma. First time so I had no idea what to expect. The staff were all excellent I spoke with most of the Dermatologist's in Phoenix who perform the procedure I wanted. They were the most competent on the phone and turned out to be just as professional and qualified once I arrived at my appointment. From the gal at the desk to the folks at check out they were nothing short of fabulous. Dr. Romine and her staff were all extremely knowledgeable and generous with their time and expertise. I will use Dr. Romine as long as I live in the area. "There's so much I could say....Long story short: DO NOT COME HERE FOR ACNE TREATMENT. I came here because I was having issues applying makeup. My skin was too dry and I wanted to have a smoother texture on my skin. I left here 4 months later with horrible  surely I can trust them to simply be straight with me about the cost of the procedure.  We're all adults here.  What other industry lacks transparency as much as healthcare?????"  no details to treatment plan at hand...save yourself frustration and time....look elsewhere!!!"  make sure you plan on an extra 30-60 minutes of waiting time past your appointment "I am so grateful to have found this office! I needed to see a Dermatologist for my rosacea. The care regimen and creams they prescribed have really helped. Everyone there was very nice and I waited only 3 minutes to be seen. The office is beautiful. The Doctor really listened to everything I said. I couldn't be happier UPDATE: I just received a return call from my primary care provider giving me a list of three excellent dermatologists in my area. After speaking with them Not impressed for all the good reviews. Main doc next to impossible to see & assistants not very good &/or engaged. Too many other good docs in town... Amazing practice. I love working with Dr Amena DeLuca. She listens carefully and provides skin care for all my family members. Including my young Daughter with severe Ezcema. Easy to schedule appointments and thorough exams. I'm so impressed with Dr DeLuca because of her time studying skin cancer at Johns Hopkins. I will definitely be coming back to this dermatologist. I saw doctor Dr. Romanes assistant and he was very thorough and friendly. He prescribed exactly what I needed. The whole staff is friendly and welcoming. I was seen quickly which is surprising for a doctor's appointment! "What a nice experience!  This office offers free WiFi for your short wait time.  I went for a routine skin check and had the pleasure of meeting dermatologist Dr S. Sasha Jazayeri. He was wonderful.  Very friendly  everything was very rushed. The whole exam was done in less than 1 minute. Also 3 other people came into the room during the exam which was uncomfortable. I did not feel like I got proper care and pushed out of the office. I will never return to this office." When the doctor finally came in the room an hour past the appointment time he rushed through a two minute conversation where he made assumptions and was missing pertinent information about my medical history. He then hastily through a bunch of prescriptions my way and told me it was great to see me again even though this was my first visit. I was then scheduled a follow up visit although I If you are looking for a Dermatologist in the North Scottsdale or Phoenix area I highly recommend this office." Stay away from this ""SALES"" clinic......................  A Complete Rip-Off AND they make you wait for such a LONG LONG LONG LONG LONG Time. I kid you not." I've been here twice. First time I waited 30 minutes for the doc who spent like two minutes talking and not asking/listening to what was going on. Second time I've been here an hour and haven't seen the doc. Something to note is the ever present treatment and cost posters everywhere. My first time here I saw two pharmaceutical reps being really cozy with the office staff. It feels like a bad dental office. My original reason for coming hasn't been resolved. It's crazy that they spend so much time waiting and so little time treating patients. It's not like everyone is working like crazy. I hear laughing and joking in the halls so it's annoying to have waited so long. 