 but lock your doors and it's definitely worth it. Best baked goods in the area! Try the almond torte!!"  we had some excellent cookies for our housewarming party. I liked ths sugar cookies with the jimmies best and the half-dipped chocolate chips Absolutely the best bakery I've been in ever! The cookies are delicious. The nut rolls. & coffee cakes are heaven. Put on your bucket list to eat an almond torte. It is extremely memorable. I will dream about Minerva's delicacies until I return to visit the Burgh again. Btw - the staff is the best. They have a wide selection and now take credit cards. Its worth calling ahead on the holidays. This is not the Giant Eagle Great baked goods and a nice staff. Staff seems to be bumping into each other and lines quickly form. Would also be nice if they allowed customers to order anything they want during the holidays to alleviate the wait. "The cake was delicious! This bakery is one of oldest and best bakeries in the area. Service was great and prices were even better. Freshly made Minerva has awesome cakes! They are cash only. Stop and pick up a delicious cake! I have been enjoying this bakery my entire life! Their icing is next level and perfect. Their donuts are perfect. Everything is perfect pretty much. You won't be disappointed."  etc. was extremely helpful and patient. The cake came out beautifully "Our go-to for birthday cakes.  The pepperoni rolls are great.  Very comfortable atmosphere  The ladies of Will have you laughing to tears and the thing I like they're the most is the freshly cut bread and there quarter sheet cakes so tasty so delicious so good." "A delicious neighborhood gem about 5 blocks from the hospital. My favorites are the brownies and creme horns  it's all about the soft serve!" The best place for an artic swirl. :) southside shake!!!(sundae on top of a milkshake) best ever!"  the family and I would always frequent this place often. The Best ice cream around!!! I have to agree the arctic swirl is the best around!!! I suggest you try the chocolate covered pretzel!!! YUMM-O!!!! Good prices and fantastic people working there!!!"  bikers...everyone can enjoy this place.  Definitely stop by if you're headed to the south side!" This place has been a staple of the South Hills and it never fails to attract a large crowd of people.  You can't go wrong with Page's!"  this is a good place for some ice cream.  Nothing fantastic.  Nothing to travel across the city A true testament to their popularity is the fact that they still have patrons awaiting their fare when it is 50 degrees outside.  I want to try so much more of what they have to offer." "This is one of the places we miss the most since moving from Pittsburgh. We visit every time we are here during its open months though. A visit a few weeks ago was just as good as ever! I adore their Southside Shakes (half shake half sundae). Their homemade ice cream cookies rock as well! And I love that they put plastic covers with a lip on their ice cream cones. Helps keep little (and big) hands clean while enjoying a cone. Prices can't be beat They have so many flavors of ice cream! The menu is extensive You're still sitting there reading this? GO TO PAGE'S NOW!"  and I'm probably going to go!" Amazing. Historical. Unique. Affordable. Efficiently run. Pittsburgh gem! The kids working were fast and friendly so we left them a nice tip.  As someone who worked her way through college working at a frozen yogurt shop I can say -- TIP YOUR SERVERS Me thinks I'll be stopping here a lot this summer... it cannot be avoided!" "Can't go wrong with this place. We've been here a few times and I always get the same thing (small chocolate ice cream in a cone) but now that I'm reading other reviews "This place is a great Ice Cream Shop. My Favorite is the birch beer float. Delicious and under $2. A blueberry shake was made with real blueberries. Really  so we were all newbies! Huge plus that it's open until 11pm on weekdays. This little place is great. You walk up to the order window What to get: twist in a cone with krunchies The strawberries are real strawberries!!! That alone sets Page Dairy Mart a part from the rest."  I think I might squeeze in one more scoop on this trip!" 2PfavOTufsPCRdYm-bFcpw The parking area is weird and difficult in my opinion." Great ice-cream at a reasonable price. I love their chocolate banana milkshake. Get a Southside Shake with hot fudge shake and peanut butter sundae on top - absolutely amazing! "Great ice cream. I used to come here all the time when I lived closer. The ice cream is great and the food is pretty good as well. Just your typical burgers I love Page's!  It's a Pittsburgh staple that gives the summer months a sweeter taste!  I went to Page's last week and it was delicious as always!  This time I thought to treat my puppy to a small cup of vanilla ice cream.  I asked the lady at the counter for a small to-go cup of vanilla ice cream for my puppy!  When I got home and went to give my dog the cup I saw a milkbone topper that she had placed in his ice cream!  It was a perfect added touch that will keep us coming back!  Thank you! "There is absolutely nothing wrong with Page Dairy Mart.  I just moved to Pittsburgh less than a year ago.  I work on the South Side and found myself making a number of drives to Homestead down Carson St.  The first time I passed this place Best Softserve in the burgh hands down the cookies are hot! You must try the chocolate chip cookie sundae. Don't expect to find any seating here."  showing how the intersection  area looked about 100 years ago. I love Page Dairy Mart so much I want to marry it." It's worth the long line wait they usually have every night" Bring Cash! Extremely cheap ice cream but it's the very best in this region. We're not wasting our time at Dairy Queen any longer. They are open for most of the year but close  in the winter months. This is our new weekly tradition. Definitely recommended." I have had lots of items off of their large menu and everything has been good.  but there is something about their plain old soft-serve that does the trick. I think it's just the fact that it's from Page's that makes it so good. They also have great milkshakes Pina Colada soft serve.  and it tasted weird with butterscotch syrup.  I'll be sticking to the cookie and brownie sundaes from now on.  4.5 stars." Quite possibly the best ice cream places outside of Sarris in Pittsburgh. That is all. "If you ever ride down Carson  and pass this little place. Turn the car around and stop in!. The lines can be ridiculously long but it moves very fast and the ice cream is worth it! Blueberry soft serve alone is worth the trip. I love the pretzel cones. If you really want to indulge  and the ice cream makes it all worth it."  literally. I love it. It's a local favorite for sure and for many reasons. 1) the history behind page's... Literally if you walk behind page's there are old photos of what the building used to look like and some south side history :P. 2) their ice cream is incredibleeee. They have a ton of unique flavors and combinations. My favorite item on the menu is their strawberry sundae with twist ice cream  they only accept cash. But there is an ATM on site!"  you should TOTALLY make a stop. It'll be the best part of your commute." "Page's is one of my favorite places to go for ice cream in Pittsburgh. It is a pretty cheap place to go for the amount of ice cream that they give. I'm a big fan of soft serve ice cream so if you are too then definitely check this place out. Their cookie sundae and yinzer sundae are to die for and can easily be shared among 2 or 3 people. The only thing that I wish they would would do is give out samples of the ice cream flavors and take credit debit cards. They are known for their ice cream but they also have food (burgers  no less. You can have the same products that taste the same at any Dairy Queen or Tastee Freeze. People give this place 5 stars because they like to think they're special by knowing about some small ma and pop place."  no designated spaces etc. the other down side is that there is ALWAYS a line. Unless it's raining etc. The line gets insanely long but it's almost always worth the wait !"  I guarantee you'll go back! There ice cream is so good and there's so many different options to pick from! You could pick something different each time you go there "Page's is the best ice cream place I have ever been to! Their ice cream is creamy and full of flavor and their artic swirls are filled with all the good stuff "Whoever doesn't give Page a 5 has no soul. It's childhood everyday March-October. I love the pretzel cones Most likely the best ice cream place in the area. Its modern yet nostlagic. They are sure to have something for everyone. Today i had a chocolate malt and it was so legit i may just have to get another one tomorrow "It's open for spring! Was pretty chilly out tonight but that didn't stop us from waiting in line for what we have been waiting for all winter!! Tonight I tried the cinnamon bun sundae topped with Carmel and nuts!! Yum "The soft serve here is very tasty. They do the chocolate chip cookie sundaes really well. They also pack in the flavor in the birthday cake soft serve. It is always very busy despite a run down makeshift parking area  although there is an ATM located on the side of the building." People hang out in the parking lot and eat there ice cream. They bring their kids and dogs and everyone is chatty and happy. It's a fun place to be." You can listen to introspective raps in front of the same place and road the video was made while they blend your soft serve." I have to go back to this place! It's a gem hiding in an old gas station. I had the cinnamon roll Sunday and it was just big and amazing. I mean for $4.25 it was big. I mean it's like the size of something from the Cheesecake Factory but with a price from the 90s. They have a massive selection and it's hard to pick. If everything is as good as what I had today I can't wait to try something different every time I go back from now on. This place is a must try. You can listen to introspective raps in front of the same place and road the video was made while they blend your soft serve." I enjoyed my sundae but next time I will try something different that's on their menu. They had so many options for an arctic swirl so I'm looking forward to trying one of those next. Also  go for the nostalgia or go for the great ice cream  it's about making a pilgrimage to quite possibly the city's signature ice cream experience."  but they are very efficient & it moves quickly. I love that they incorporate so many local ingredients-Nancy B's cookies & burnt almond torte."  but this place is a dream come true. They just came out with their yearly blueberry soft serve magic. The signs on E Carson leading up to Page's tease me to stop in daily on my work commute but I couldn't pass up the blueberry and it did not disappoint! There is something about the friendly neighborhood ice cream joint that opens and closes with the seasons. Page's is a must try at least once a year "Okay I had heard and read about this place since moving to this side of town and finally came. Big waste of time and gas. They Do Not have ice cream  but when I had heard about this ice cream shop whose line wrapped down the street I knew I had to check this place out. When I went on a Friday night there was no line and the ice cream was sub-par." "This place isn't very good. I ordered a sundae and asked for a flavored ice cream but was told they could only do chocolate or vanilla because of ""how they mix it"".  It's a sundae so no mixing is involved so I don't understand that. Then when I got it 2PfavOTufsPCRdYm-bFcpw It's ok if you like soft serve and enormous amounts of it.  I am not a huge soft serve fan and I find the flavour of Paige's very bland.  So I t tastes like cold sweet and that's about it.  The atmosphere is great and it's worth a trip come here once just for that.  I don't think it is worth a second trip though. Love this place. The soft serve is so yummy! My mom always took us to get ice cream here in the summer when we came to visit. Just stopped here two days ago and it was just as delicious as I remembered! I just hate trying to pull out of this place because traffic is always so busy in every direction.  ask them to dip it in peanuts. There's always a line and parking can be dicey so bring your bike or compact car! It can also be a pain to get out of this place when there's traffic." I'm also not a fan of soft served ice cream."  but it moves quickly and the service is friendly. You won't be disappointed by this iconic summer favorite."  to Arctic swirls (blizzards). Not to mention their other hot food  but I should have expected that; I really felt as if I ate another meal because for the price of about $4.50  ...  It is at a busy intersection and parking can be tricky and it can be crowded.  The crowded times speak to its popularity though.  With many places to choose for ice cream in Pittsburgh PDM will always hold a special place in my heart. Go! And if your car won't start  and still warm like it was fresh out of the over. Many windows so line moves rather quickly. Cash only which sucks I do wish they had bicycle parking - my husband and I rode their bikes down there and it started raining once we were there. There was nowhere to lock up our bikes  so bring cash with you (or pay the fee at the ATM they have). They also have the famous Nancy B cookie in a sundae. I always take out of towners here"  this ice cream rocks. I love the endless options. The wait isn't too long even if the line is long. Yummmmmmmm." "What can I tell you that others haven't already? Higher fat content makes for a superior-tasting product. Multiple flavors of everything "Best soft serve in the burgh! Their peanut butter ice cream is to die for. I also think their chocolate is the best I've ever tasted. The lines are always long but it goes very fast - excellent Peanut butter soft serve with hot fudge and a chocolate chip cookie on the side. PERFECT!!!!!" 2PfavOTufsPCRdYm-bFcpw  but don't let that stop you because the wait is worth it. Oh  layered with the most delicious icing and covered in burnt almonds and a dusting of powered sugar made this an easy ""yum "Best bakery in Pittsburgh!  They have great cakes and cookies and make very festive holiday cakes.  The rasberry filled  but I usually limit myself to their cookies and their fine bread.  As I said on another review of mine ""Pump that insulin  so this seems odd.  Seems like they could put some stools by the window or even some tables outside....maybe serve some coffee while they're at it.  Second  but the fluffy cake with some type of pudding between the layers was mediocre at best.  I hate it when bakeries make awful cake because it seems to me that is an easy item to get right.  I will give them another chance but so far I would say they are average." Burnt Almond Torte.  Enough Said.  but have been mostly disappointed with the other things I've tried here. I've also not been pleased with the employees - they're not very friendly." The cookies here are excellent.  They had hamantashen around Purim.  I can't speak to the cookies' authenticity  akin to sugar cookies.  The rum balls are naughty little nuggets of goodness.  Everything ...oh and they sell Enrico's biscottis. Can't go wrong with those!"  seriously. I take some back with me on the plane all the way to San Francisco every time I come back to the Burgh. It's that good. Everyone I've given it to agrees."  and you can see the jam in a little cut out circle on the top layer. Their ""burnt almond torte cake"" is supposed to be really famous u1KESST6ATusVrn7F6HUvw  I'll be back for another piece of almond torte...it was that awesome." the treats here are definitely worth taking the next week off to exercise and detox on veggies (as i sit here  they also offer a decent selection of breads and rolls which are tasty as well  creamy - layer upon layer of home style decadence.  Sharing the bar around the car (and making a mess) everyone agreed that this was one of the best baked goods we'd ever experienced - and an absolute bargain at that.  Really  and really sweet.   Lots of great berry muffins."  but it could be one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten.  Not to mention that they offer little mini ones for $1 (perhaps slighly overpriced for the size?) to save me the trouble of eating too much make me a very happy person."  which are mini and many other pastries.  Don't miss this one." I definitely recommend this place for a quick sugary snack or if you need to buy pastries for a group of people.  It is more expensive than some other bakeries i walked away with about 12 mini cups and a carrot cake muffin for a little over $16 "White chocolate raspberry cup The coffee cakes here with the white powdery stuff on top looked so good.  Maybe next time...." I would walk to La Gourmandine Bakery in Lawrenceville before going here again." yWVY1Bq19lDxu3BP7_96EQ  I'm never disappointed by anything at Prantl's and over the years I think I've tried most of their creations.  Bread is good. The simple sugar cookies are the best. Pastries are always a treat. And the prices are reasonable. If you want to try a great bakery in Pittsburgh  but in Prantl's I will stick to the little cups. If I am going to spend more calories With such great reviews I have been trying! I have been there tree times now and I am not surprised! The prices are reasonable and you get decent food. But thats not what I expected. The chocolate and caramel trotewas bad! The cupcakes were ok but for 1usd you can't expect much. The buttercream wasnt impressive... But the filled croissants with blueberry or the one with cheese were not bad at all. It was not a real croissant but satisfying. Since it is in a really convenient location I will probably go back but without the expectations that I had before.  I did not deduct points as I might have caught them on a bad day and I did not try the cake. Whilst still engaged two years ago...Prantl's was my top choice until I arrived for the tasting. Imagine many brides in such a small area and limited staff to assist- provided a cow-herd atmosphere to the tasting. Not my thing- I walked in and walked right back out. I am sure their wedding cakes are amazing yet many places also provide spectacular cakes [hint hint Kribel's bakery is where I got my affordable and tasty gem of a cake] minus the cow herd =)" "This is always a treat... the beloved burnt almond torte lives up to the hype and is never a disappointment.  Seasonal items like pumpkin gob is enjoyable as well.  Prices are affordable  they'll love you for sure! They are frozen so make sure you take it out of the fridge a little bit ahead of time before serving The cupcakes were moist and not too sweet. I will be coming back again."  and the few other things that I've tried from them have been equally delicious! I highly recommend checking out this bakery." For my daughters wedding I ordered five dozen of these for the cookie table. They were a nice addition to the cookies and display beautifully.  They were a Big Hit!" yWVY1Bq19lDxu3BP7_96EQ I just got into town and I had to get to Prantl's. Their sugar dusted cut out cookies are amazing! You can't get cookies like these down south. Staff were polite and expedient." Nothing blew my mind from here except their almond pastries which seem to be their specialty." yWVY1Bq19lDxu3BP7_96EQ  and most importantly not that great!" "Too sweet. Tried the famous almond cake and some cupcakes. Cannot even finish eating them. Plus "Prantl's is my favorite bakery.  I've lived in Pittsburgh my whole life and I've always gotten my birthday cake here (well over 2 decades worth of cakes!).  Prantl's always has a place in my heart.  After the change in ownership  the best dessert I have ever had is the Burnt Almond Torte from Prantl's! It is so delicious  I just simply can't bash the cake.  Our guests did nothing but rant and rave about it  including the famous burnt almond torte."  all variations of the almond torte they have are amazing and worth it. Their customer service was great even though the place is always packed." VAGihg-EbniaW8E5jS5G0g "Honestly I just don't get the how everyone is so in love with this place?  I'm not a native so when I moved to the area many years ago everyone advised my family that we absolutely had to try a burnt almond torte from Prantl's.  We did  the burnt almond torte. I live out of town now and still dream about it (and I make trips there anytime I'm home and in Shadyside). Gah! It's that good. Nothing compares (you KNOW it's going to be good when the box weighs about 5 pounds). I haven't tried the travel version with pastry cream instead of custard "They weren't lying about the Burnt Almond Torte. Oh so good but remember to take small bites or you may be overloaded with the sugar like I was. There were 5 people in front of me but the ladies in this bakery are super efficient. I waited about 5 minutes before I was helped and next thing you know I'm walking down the street eating a cookie and swinging my bag of burnt almond torte.Try the place if you're in the neighborhood  make sure to do it early so you don't miss out! If you're ever wandering around Walnut Street in Shadyside or Market Square downtown Great tip: My brother had it as his wedding cake.  The store made three inexpensive fake round cakes that looked like burnt almond tortes and were on pedestals of varying height with beautiful fresh flowers at the base.  You never "Marvelous bakery.  They are quite famous for their burnt almond torte "I have three words for you:  burnt almond torte.  I'm not a huge fan of pastries  the large ladylock is their masterpiece and is different than then minis.  Get one and split it with a friend."  my arteries hurt after eating a desert from this place. Not half as good as a few of the French etc bakeries around. Why waste your cardiovascular health on this place--go get gelato next door and you'll be better off!" I have also tried a few of their other various baked good and cupcakes. Love this place." The cinnamon rolls are so good. They are almost half cream cheese icing which is delicious. Plan to be in a sugar coma afterward but its so worth it! The red velvet looked good but I felt too guilty to order more after ordering all five of the cinnamon rolls they had left :)  nothing special about it. Maybe it's because I ordered the cake and had it shipped to MD that it tasted bad.  People raving about this cake should try middle eastern or Greek bakeries! I gave a two because they have great customer service when emailing back." Prantl's very disappoints me. My favorite is the mini version of their famous burnt almond cake. They somehow compact all the flavor of their sheet cake into one little cupcake and do not skimp on the burnt almonds as well as the icing. Some of the cupcakes are too sweet for me but they please my friend so it is just a matter of preference for sweetness. "Very good doughnuts! Only purchased the glazed but if you heat it up it's oh so good. Also   if I didn't know it had filling I wouldn't have been able to detect any from the taste.   The frosting was average bakery fare (which  it's most certainly one of my favorites. I'm not the biggest cake person but this one gets me. They sell it in a bar too if you want to just have a taste."  two of which we invented together) and they were absolutely perfect. They came cold and over the time of the ceremony were the perfect temperature to serve. Everyone was saying that these were the best desserts they had in a long time. The fabulous different flavors and the low cost for the cupcakes make this a must use for a wedding! I highly recommend them for any event It's just your regular everyday bakery. Nothing special here. The prices are reasonable and the sweets are good!   go with the tiramisu since it has the redeeming factor of having a strong coffee flavor." Thankfully they were very responsive to email questions and requests and made it very easy for a friend to ship the cakes for us.  They arrived in perfect condition and were delicious."  which brightened up the cake and made it a pleasure to behold.  While it was a bit on the pricey side ($45 for a half-sheet cake)  because I thought I had heard good things about it. I bought about four different pastries to sample with a friend so we could eat them with our coffee across the street. Though the presentation of the treats were lovely "Amazing pastries! Gotta go and check it out.  We had the almond tort  must you be so caloric!?!  It distresses me that I must save you for special occasions."  but it's probably a good business decision for them because I bought a whole cake. Lots of other tasty-looking cookies and breads but those will have to wait until the next time I'm in Pittsburgh!"  you will be hard pressed to find better made and surprisingly rich items. They are most famous for their almond tortes- I first tried one at a party- and they do not disappoint. From pastries to tortes to cakes I did have to scrape some of the torte's frosting off because I did not want to overdue the sweets. I normally do this with cakes and cupcakes so this is not a diss to Prantl's. It is a diss to myself for not being a part of the frosting is the best part of the cake club. Definitely recommend this place to anyone who is in town!" Oh. My. Goodness. Try their sugar cookies or their almond cake-- you will be in sweet tooth heaven. The only thing I dislike about this place is that it's not open 24 7. One thing to be aware of...some of their cups are *very* sweet so if you're not a fan of sugar I might suggest the tiramisu or german choclate...they are a little less sugary than the rest."  my 5th star alone is for their CINNAMON ROLL!!! I fell in love and didn't even go in for one!!! one of the best I've had in life I ate half warm and half cold and both ways were deliciously amazing!!" I binge are three & didn't feel guilty."  cookies and donuts.  Each more sugary and delicious than the next. By far my favorite are the small cake cups.  The perfect little treat while shopping along Walnut St. There are so many flavors to chose from but I can never go past the classic burnt almond custard cup or the seasonal pumpkin cake  cup. That buttercream frosting is heaven!   Also  but Walnut St. attracts pretty arrogant customers - so it makes sense." "I would give 5 stars but the wedding cake sample pack tasted differently from our actual wedding cake. which leads me to believe they skipped the final product. the cake looked great So seriously - Prantl's is amazing. Go there  and 3 burnt almond tort ""thingys"" - the small rectangular ones.  Sooooooo good.  It's a 3-way tie between Prantl' (cakes "This place was real good. I've lived in Pittsburgh for five years and I had never been The other stuff is good... this is just an almond torte review." Nothing comes close to a burnt almond torte bites:) heaven in your mouth.. If you are Eve in Pittsburgh or nearby it is so worth the trip to go get one.. I think they ship them:)  the cake! Amazing!! Very happy I was able to visit. Ended up purchasing an entire half sheet to take home to my team at work." Pastries I purchased today chocolate heart with shamrock on top is a recycled pink heart from Valentine's Day and tasted like it.  UGHHHHH" I got two little bite-size portions of their red velvet cake and their burnt almond torte. I thought the fillings on both were overly sweet and nothing struck me as really good about either."  or the white-chocolate raspberry cups. The pastries that are baked here are delicious and rich. Go here My only complaint is that I wish they close later than 6pm on a weekday and 4pm on Sundays!"  burnt almond torte..." Go early in the day!  Credit cards accepted." Awesome baked goods. What more needs to be stated.  but there is something about the traditional glazed donut that takes the cake. I don't remember the last time I had a truly good homemade donut like this - it literally melted in my mouth. There's also something nostalgic about it that makes you feel like you're reliving a moment in your grandma's kitchen. It's something that's going to keep me coming back for a Saturday morning treat with my coffee!"  but it's one of the best morning pastries in pittsburgh" The cupcake bites are overpriced and too sweet. The regular cupcakes are satisfactory. If you do come here  then you bite into your delicious burnt almond torte and literally think you've died and gone to pastry heaven. Highly recommend for anything from a weekend treat to a family gathering to a wedding." Dirty and old looking bakery. Awful service. They did not cut our cake and did not give even a plastic knife or fork. Burnt almond torte is not as good as I expected. Not recommended.  try the almond croissants at La Gourmandine bakery in Lawrenceville. For better cakes Tip: Take a number to the left when you get in the door."  but yet a lot of places don't make any that are memorable. The first time I came to Prantl's was during the Shadyside Arts Festival and I ordered a glazed donut. It was amazing and I know go every year (and now that I work in Shadyside 5 stars for burnt almond torte cake! I didn't have anything else here. The prices seemed pretty fair and everything looked great  freshly baked.  I would recommend a visit to this bakery.  ""what's your favorite?"" And gave great recommendations. I also picked up a spinach and feta roll and admittedly it was a little dry. The dough also lacked any sultry flavor. So I recommend going in and getting what they're known for: the torte." Made a special trip out of our way to get a burnt almond torte bar.  They were sold out at 2:00 pm on a Thursday.  What's up with that?  The pecan roll bite I had instead  had no flavor--you might as well buy industrially-produced pastry.  The guy did give us two bites for the price of one.  Twice the blandness for the same price!  No thanks. "I absolutely hate this place for loving it so much. I come to Pittsburgh a few times a year and gain 5 lbs on pastries alone from Prantls. Western Pennsylvania in general has a plethora of decent to excellent bakeries compared to most of the world. (Yes ... including odious France.) It's shocking but true. That toasted almond torte of theirs is ridiculous and absurd in its ability to seduce a grown and curmudgeonous man making him feel young and spry and full of vim and vigor (until the sugar crash of course). The dainties made of pastry  but it was very good. The employee that waited on me was so accommodating and polite...kudos on his customer service!! Will be back to order a torte at some point!" If I lived closer I would get this cake again. I'm a former baker so I rate cakes pretty rigorously and this one passes with room to spare." Delicious! I love all the little desserts. Makes it great to be able to treat everything. Love the prepackaged almond cookies.  a friendly efficient staff and a convenient Shadyside location.  There famous burnt almond torte cake is legendary.  It is brilliant that they make it also in a tiered wedding cake.  We had the for my daughter's wedding!"  I could not finish it because of how sweet it is and dry the cake portion was. I can see how it is beloved by pittsburgers. If you like traditional American dessert  we where told that they where to busy and that human errors happen.  I was given a 25 dollar gift card. I would look elsewhere if you are doing a custom cake." "It is a wait because they are a popular bakery. I went in hoping they would have a cake for my mom and dads anniversary. And was very happy that they could squeeze everything I wanted on the cake! Great people working behind the counter  but when I let them know about my dissatisfaction they were dismissive and rude."  but if you're looking for a wedding cake I also got a couple small things. Tiny cupcakes  and they are generous with the toppings. Oof. Every time my coworkers bring Dunkin Donuts or Giant Eagle donuts in I don't even touch them because I am now a doughnut SNOB thanks to Prantl's. I brought a dozen and 1 2 to work today and I'm pretty sure I converted everyone into a doughnut snob. Sorry not sorry." "They make excellent baked goods. Small space  and if you want to suprise yourself or a loved one to one of their custom-made cakes "Get the burnt almond torte. Get it even if you hate nuts. Get it even you HATE ALMONDS! Which both both my husband and I hate! Loved it!!!! It is hard to describe with anything but sweet (but not overly) The cherry cheese cups and the pumpkin donut with orange icing are awesome.  I wish I didn't exchange it to the small one now. They're so good! I definitely will go back for more when I am around there again. I tried their spinach and feta croissant or turnover  I am not a huge fan of their plan cupcakes but this could be more about me not really liking cake. But its true what the say  I've been saying my wedding cake someday will be made of stacked burnt almond torte.  It is.. to die for.  Please don't stop making it ever.  Thanks." "Almond torte is not as good as everyone raves. The petit four is quite disappointing. I'm glad I tried it My favorite is the Burnt almond torte which can be addictive. The almonds are so sweet and crunchy and buttery. It is an excellent make me feel better treat." Very good for a family restaurant type diner. They make you feel welcome and you can linger. I am from Chicago and it definitely reminds me of the comfortable family restaurants there.  Swiss and fresh mushrooms.  I had an excellent club sandwich made with hand carved turkey "This place is a classic 70s style diner. If you go in between 8:30 - 11 a.m it is full of retirees. The food is on the heavy side - patty melt on rye "This is the definition of a perfect family restaurant. Excellent staff It's a nice classic style mom and pop diner. Good prices for a home cooked meal. I go there about once a month for a breakfast during the lunch hour. I usually get the southwestern skillet or ham and cheese omelet.  which means that one has to go a ways out to take advantage of this place. But if I'm already awake with several hours before I have to start my day  the food was delicious and the service was excellent." Place is a classic. Greek family runs it. Food is good and the service is great. Chili os always a favorite. "Gross man!  The food is tasteless slop and will only add about five cholesterol points to your day.  Not impressed with the granny bait store either.  The service is friendly So - visit this Cracker Barrel without fear. Order Grandma's French Toast." I agree with Jessica though about the partitions.  There could be a little more space and or privacy while dining." The country store is still as good as it ever was and the people that work there are very friendly."  so there's nothing like eating country-style breakfast like Cracker Barrel! I always get the pancakes when I come here because their syrup is to die for!" You don't really go to Cracker Barrel...you just kind of end up there. Best enjoyed on road trips with family." I also like the grilled chicken tenderloins. I have those with the hashbrown casserole and pinto beans. I get the apple bran muffin instead of the corn bread. I still don't care much for their cornbread but everything else has really improved. I am so glad it has because I really like to browse the Country Store."  and apples in small amounts.  The service is friendly and efficient.  Prices are reasonable.  Decor very country.  The gift shop has lots of junk and kitsch but upon closer inspection has some items from the past that bring back memories good attentive service."  I'm quite a bit disappointed with this visit. I might give them another try at a steak at a later date.  Probably not soon. I'll stick with something i normally get like fried chicken or pot roast." "I've eaten here numerous times.  It's a favorite of our children.  The wait staff is a bit iffy sometimes  get the fried catfish plate! You won't be dissapointed." u-y1z3usKenHtOGrH5Vveg "We stop at the Cracker Barrel when we are traveling.  It has a good variety of food and serves breakfast all day which is nice.  No complaints about the quality of food and service here I like to stick to the catfish  but not amazing. The mashed potatoes and gravy were really good and so was the toast that the beef and mashed potatoes were on. I tried the cornbread and it was good This Cracker Barrel always has hot food and good service.  However this last visit like other customers my husband ordered a medium ribeye and it came to the table well done.  He is not a complainer so he did not send it back.  They need to find employees who can cook a steak!  Not that hard!  I believe of indian or Syrian decent is one of the most prejudice individuals I have ever met in my entire life.  His attitude is discussing.  Please join me in boycotting this establishment.  I will never  our food came out quickly and tasted great. You know how sometimes when food comes out really fast it tastes old like they made it earlier and waited for someone to order it? This wasn't the case. It was all piping hot and fresh. The odds were ever in our favor." Super nice staff throughout."  as always. Usually we avoid Sunday's but the turnaround was quick!" Great meal today...Lilia was a great waitress also....highly recommend! Check the website for more details" Well I have now been here 5 times over the past year. The prices still are amazing and the food is good. Service on the other hand is so so. They are very cheap with the biscuits always a favorite for the family and do have to admit I like looking around the store too."  living side by side in harmony. Maybe if we look to the cookie The best thing about Karsh's though is their chocolate seven-layer cake.  It is the cake of choice for almost every family gathering we have.  Not only is the yellow cake just the right amount of sponginess  the bagels were terrific.  Enough to give you a second thought on your Einstein or Brueggers chain bagels you're feeding to others."  but since we moved to the other side of the world it has become a special occasion place. so please open one near us too."  ventured into Karsh's on a Sunday after a hard night of drinking.  I was greeted by such a friendly guy.  He gave me all kinds of samples.  I can't really give a fair review of the pastries because apparently I was there on the wrong day.  However  no one's bread matches MJ's and no one's baked goods match Tammie Coe's."  i would STAY AWAY and find a place that is resepctful to a customers first visit or 10k visit." My great experience with Karsh's was complete when I went to pick up the cake and had the woman on duty ask me what ""Welcome to My Face"" meant. I told her exactly what I told you I think I have found my ""go to"" bakery!" It's rather sad to have to write a review like this."  the surly girl behind the counter took her time asking if she could help me. Our exchange proved that it was no joke. They could not help me. No yummy kosher flourless chocolate cake would be in my immediate future. They were kosher - just not for Passover. Lovely. I should've Googled ""kosher bakery Scottsdale.""" There is one exception at Karsh's. They make a wicked fine Challah. Everything else leaves me flat."  I loved those bagels." vaqmESluryt5i4Wbkb6KRA Go for the chocolate chip coffee ring; but don't take the last one vaqmESluryt5i4Wbkb6KRA Well...all are safely home except the Black and White Cookie...he didn't even make it all the way to Scottsdale...but he went down happy:)"  I thought.  It occurred to me to bring up my complaint about them because I so rarely enter their doors that what ever they thought didn't matter anyway.  It surprised me to learn that the management has brought in almost a whole new staff to replace the nasty ones. (I have to admit I looked and didn't see people I recognized from before. They were responding to continuing complaints.  I'll be going in again soon to get bread.  We'll see." A week later I went to buy some marbled rye bread there because didn't have the time to go to LaGrande Orange. Two people immediately asked to help me.  This place does something to my head.  I wish I could like the idea of going there.  I DON'T but do so for my friend only now." vaqmESluryt5i4Wbkb6KRA Now to go work it off.........."  I did like the service! The girl working there was friendly Only bad thing is that it's close enough that I can walk there."  it appears that my love and bewilderment towards Karsh's changes with the wind.  So ask me each time and we'll see what the review says this week?!"  and blueberry danishes. I'm still trying to finish the strawberry one. All 3 cost 5.30 which I don't think is too bad. It's a good size portion and just enough balance to be sweet I've gone here a few times since moving to AZ and will definitely be back.  Go for the rugelach or the onion rolls!" This is definitely a place to keep in mind "Great local bakery.  Has been a part of the valley for decades...have very fond childhood memories tied to this place and the wonderful pastries "I loved baked goods! Let's just start with that. This place satifys the craving every time. The basic white cupcake with white buttercream frosting is my favorite. Actually all of the cupcakes are delish. The brownies are great I think when my Mom comes to visit next month I will ask her to bring a couple of loaves of zebra bread. I may actually break my vow to never ever freeze bread (those of you with a Jewish Grandma might know why)..." "I popped in at 9:30am on a Sunday morning expecting a bustling bakery with fresh-baked everything. I brought 13 bagels to my students and we found them to be stale.  These bagels were in baskets behind the counter  but Karsh's made the BEST cakes.....I got one for my daughter's Bat Mitzvah.....and smaller cakes for birthdays and such.  Absolutely YUMMMMMMMMY.  Perfect cake  and a 3D Winnie the Pooh (complete with bees flying over the honey pot). I would much rather spend the little extra on Karsh's."  complete with chocolate pebbles that made up the bottom of the ocean. With an assortment of fillings to choose from (my favorite is the raspberry) Bummed they don't do any gluten free.  Got a couple cookies for my girls.  They thought they were just okay... and didn't finish them."  as long as you don't mind your 'adorable' baby shower cake looking like some Jacques Cousteau nature photograph out of a dusty old circa. 1960's textbook with some tiny Their butter cookies are melt in your mouth delicious and the rugelach and decos were delicious.  I was so happy to find an apple strudel like my great grandmother used to make So nice to have a real old school kosher bakery in the hood!" We did purchase an 2 eclairs - since that was the most exciting option - and can't say that it was a memorable birthday dessert that night." The cupcakes are always good." Today was the last straw. The rather rude employees actually made comments to each other about another customer as soon as that person left the store. I couldn't even FINISH some of what we bought today which really says something. Never in my life have I ever left a sweet treat unfinished! And my loaf of ""fresh sourdough"" was stale and completely tasteless. I have no clue how they've been in business so long  fresh and amazing selection. I always leave with 10 dessert items. Love this place!" "One of the last great bakeries in Phoenix....in Arizona for that matter.  No one compares to the Jewish bakery that has been operating in the valley for over 30 years.  Although the original owners are no longer running the operation  a staple in the Phoenix area for almost 50 years is closing it's doors tomorrow. There is no other bakery that even comes close to the quality and flavor that came from their shop. Karsh's will be missed."  the bread was always great. There is a bakery ran by a jewish family (galileo Bakery) in Scottsdale----great bread and pastries---but not KOSHER like Karsh was. The girl there said they would look into kosher if they get lots of requests. Go in and try them and PLEASE ask for Kosher."  in t-minus 5 minutes. Wish I could have visited them in their heyday." Rum Raisin!! ....'Nuf said!!!  ;-) Large Hot Coffee for only $1" I could go on and on...lolz."  especially in the summer. This one was being slammed with one person behind the counter. We were served in good time Mojo is wonderful but my FAV yogurt is Haagen Daz at the biltmore. But they only have 2 flavors: sugar free chocolate and vanilla. Thank god their chocolates are terrible because I have no willpower and since I live across the street: I would gain 10 pounds a week if their chocolates were as good as their ice cream and yogurt!!  I like getting my Haagen Dazs not out of a carton in the grocery store." It's expensive but it's sure delicious Great place to just go for desserts.  I would suggest you inform your employee he should endeavor to adjust his attitude towards paying customers if he intends to continue working with the public. Honestly I'm not sure what to make of the attached ""KC Fine Belgian Chocolates"" shop/case though..." Come on Sunday and then walk down to PetCo. (or is it Petsmart?) and visit the adoption dogs." "It was great to find a New York / Jewish style Deli in the middle of Phoenix on my last trip out there.  Miracle Mile doesn't hold back on their servings and prices albeit a tad high  but upon entering-go right for my favorite (the pastrami on french).   Other family members swear by the ""straw'.  I have been eating here for 30+ yrs. and the product has NEVER changed.  Truly amazing!  My husband  MM is a lot cleaner.  This cafeteria style deli is the best.  I always get the Pastrami.  The corned beef is good too." One thing that does sort of freak me out is when I get in line and it is my turn to order the guy taking the order always alerts his co-workers to look at me and they mutter in Spanish quickly and then smile and go back to business. It has happened every time I have been to this or any other location. I know why they are looking but they are so blatant it is strange. Oh and yeah some white guys understand Spanish too." I CAN'T wait to go back!   (Probably in between shopping 8 hrs at Last Chance)"  and a neighborhood following still holds strong after all these years.  Success clearly hasn't changed this family recipe."  it resembled a glorified cafeteria with plenty of seating YAY!! When it comes to deli you can't be a snob to decor - my true test is a pastrami and corned beef sandwich and they clearly received the thumbs up! While they only had potato knishes.....their selection of other goodies made up for it. I will be back. =0)"  just don't expect the Second Coming." What's good about this place is it has plenty of space the staff seems very attentive and it is clean and the sandwiches are delicious with pretty large portions. Not huge or anything but decent. I did think it was a little pricey considering I could get a bigger better sandwich at subway for about $3.00 cheaper. This place in not bad. Run of the mill a little pricey. But would not be opposed to going here again."  and centrally located makes this a great place to meet people for lunch.  My only complaint is it's very hard to find anything healthy and the price is a tad high for the quality/ambiance." fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg  yea once. I don't recommend it Bluck!"  big portions. Not sure about how healthy the food is - it seems a bit greasy / fatty. But there's definitely something here for everybody in your party 2FiNCj5rM3nF0qgaWf86Gg  try ""The New Yorker"".  It's similar to ""The Straw"" but with corned beef and coleslaw.  All sandwiches include fries and a pickle spear.  You can add everything from macaroni and cheese to steamed veggies on the side.  A typical lunch will set you back $10-$11  I go to Miracle Mile and order a straw sandwich on onion roll with a potato pancake and homemade apple sauce on the side.  It is a total guilty pleasure.   They've been in the Valley since 1949 and when I was a kid we used to go to the Christown location every weekend. My grandma used to always order the polish sausage  and my mom loved the hot brisket sandwich.  Even though it's not an authentic Jewish deli  or one of those 'other' meats you will walk away satisfied. I usually order the New Yorker on rye bread with a potato pancake and a Dr. Browns cream soda. Mmmmmm"  a ham sandwich on 2 day old bread and a fatten up you child kid's meal with milk and one adult small soda. Would have had a better sandwich and salad at Subway for a lot less. But I suppose if you try something else on the menu it might be worth the visit." fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg Since it is right near my office I fear I may be suckered into going here again "So I was reading an online discussion board about the best sandwiches in Phoenix and this place was suggested a few times.  I figured since it was pretty close to my hotel I'd give it a try for dinner one night.  I ordered a Veggie New Yorker.  My first mistake was ordering it on plain sourdough bread...you need a heavy duty roll to stand up to the sauce and the cole slaw they put on there.  I thought my sandwich was pretty tasty I have been coming to this Miracle Mile for tons of times..  Always love it.  It is clean My only dislike? The place looked and felt just like a school cafeteria. I'd rather not revisit jr high  I have to say I think my favorite thing might have been the pickle. For $11 bucks really  but you will certainly get a full stomach for around $10 The only redeeming factor in the meal was when I tried some of the Straw sandwich (pastrami  and its all pretty good. I'm a big fan of the matzo ball soup here and the sandwiches are all piled high with meat and cheese. It's a little pricey but worth it for the large selection. Is this a traditional back east deli? No MM has been notified and I am to receive a gift certificate for my 2.95. I was given the option of returning it but it's over a 40 min drive." my advice: go an extra mile to steer clear of this glorified cafeteria."  meaning potato pancakes are being cooked every weekend in every Polish church parking lot for miles around.  I've found a cure for my PA summertime homesickness: Miracle Mile Deli."  it was great. Service was fast. Price was average. I'd go again." It's also not particularly cheap.  My prison plate was $9.73 with the tax.  Not recommended."  so was happy to see a nice selection of salads to choose from. Ordered a grilled chicken salad that was simply divine. Large portions of chicken served over crisp lettuce and a balsamic dressing to die for. Very yummy and satisfying lunch. A great find in Phoenix!"  but $10 for a sandwich and drink definitely makes it not worth it. I would visit more often than 1 or 2 times a year if it were not so expensive. Yea The employees are always friendly and the place is always CLEAN!!! Whoever is doing the hiring there is doing an amazing job." fries.  the brisket was dry and the service was awful.  The ruben was awful." P.S. Make sure to check in on Foursquare..they've got tons of great specials for those who use the application!" http://www.facebook.com/miraclemiledeli"  provide the perfect marriage between great meat and great bread. Their brisket and pastrami sandwiches are so good that every time I bite into them Came here yesterday so I could get my car washed at Danny's while having lunch (this works out perfect to kill 2 birds with 1 stone).  I always get the New Yorker on rye and it never lets me down.  They have great coleslaw and thousand island dressing so the flavor with the pastrami and rye work out perfect.  I like that there are a thousand tables here and 2 lunch lines so they can really pump you through quickly.  You can tell the quality of the food is top notch and service is always great. "I've been eating at the Miracle Mile Delicatessens for over 45 yrs now. What makes these guys special is that the consistency is the same regardless the store or the decade. They are making the same fabulous Straw sandwiches & brisket of beef today that they were making in the 60's. Family owned & the pride shows. I'm looking forward to eating here for another 4 plus decades  and they have multiple valley locations.  yummy!" "Mmmmmm..a Combo please!  Pastrami and Corn beef together at last on a soft onion bun with Swiss cheese (or without)..best thing when you are craving MEAT! Yep fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg I am such a fan of this deli because they offer quality food at a very reasonable price. It has a real East Coast feel when you walk in and the staff is super friendly. I would recommend anything on the menu and don't forget the fries! I'm not going to run down everything I've eaten over the years; you know what deli's have to offer and this place is no exception.  Get your matzo/pastrami/corned beef/chicken soup on fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg  and the sandwich was just okay.  I say take your $13 and go to Texaz Grill!!!  WAY better food I was really impressed with the food here... I need to go back ASAP and get the stuffed Cabbage Rolls... Lots of great food to warm you up on these cold winter days." One of the best Delis in Phoenix !! "I've eaten the hot brisket of beef sandwiches on onion rolls at Miracle Mile for over thirty years. I no longer live in Phoenix but I must visit every vacation usually more than once. I first ate at Chris-Town and then Park Central and then Arrowhead and now Colonade. The brisket is as good today as it was in 1980.  I know the corned beef  so I can't comment on the rest of the menu but everything looks delicious here and I am sure it all is.  The pastrami and corned beef are amazing i've never had a bad experience here."  get it one an onion roll! This is a huge sandwich  this place is just an overpriced sandwich shop with bad service. Not sure what is special here  especially if you want an order to go. The sandwiches usually come with fires or sides like coleslaw or potato salad. Unfortunately  but I don't recall them serving it on a daily basis. Another excellent choice is their split pea soup. The nice thing about Miracle Mile is that they serve a specific menu of dinner entrees for each day of the week. Try their hot turkey dinner  airier feel than I remembered. But the service is just as fast  and the portions will leave you stuffed to the max!" Awesome food and great service.  Their reuben sandwich w/ fries is to die for!!! Best deli i have ever been to! Have been a loyal foodie fan since it's inception at the old christown mall. The newer location Rocks. Great food & Prices. The busers are awesome- you feel like you are being waited on by top notch servers and they arent even servers! just because its a deli doesnt mean the service experience is underrated.Please TIp  these awesome servers- they deserve it! It is my moms favorite deli also....we will continue to be loyal foodie fans of this awesome deli.FYI- Best Rueben Samy i have ever had! fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg "Miracle Mile is the best lunch in town!!!! I've been going here for 20 years. They put so much into each and every meal/sandwich. They will make any modification you want. Meatloaf Amazing sandwiches and probably the best servers/staff of any restaurant I've been to. Great choices and gourmet sandwiches available that comes with a handful of sides and a pickle. Condiments on every table and a tray of free water at the end of the counter. All smiles around. Such a great place. I can complain about the price but I just keep coming back anyway! It's that good! My favorite is the Pastrami and Swiss on marble rye and make sure you ask for the thousand island dressing!!!"  which were plenty.  The pricing was well within our budget.  I have been asked list them as ""keepers"" for future event catering.  We'll be seeing you again!" Had lunch here withRobyn N. and Rand H. I had the #1 straw  which consisted of pastrami on a bun with saurkruat and and mozzarella cheese and a potatoe pancake.well the potatoe pancake was only 3 stars and the sandwich was not bad but not as good as scotts generations. I like deli's and this one did not shine over the others I have been to.  with a smile and full of joy. Best place to come while dieting!"  most of the menu looks pretty appetizing. Since I live nearby now "Ate here as a kid when it was at Park Central Mall.  The sandwiches are just as good at this Collonade location.  I like the beef brisket and the fries are always yummy.  It's just good My only gripe is that the sandwich I ordered wasn't as requested the positive about this place is that your food is prepared VERY quickly. if you are looking for a quick lunch  but this place had a really extensive menu offering something for everyone.  I just stopped in for a snack I don't know how anyone could ever give this amazing place less than 5 Stars.  I had the New Yorker on an onion roll and potato pancakes.  I haven't been here for years because I live so far away but it is just as amazing as ever.  The pastrami was stacked high and the sweetness of the coleslaw and Thousand Island mixed with the fresh roll is absolute perfection.  The potato pancake was crispy on the outside and full of flavor!  The Restaurant is set up cafeteria style and they keep you moving.  The service and hospitality are quick and top notch. There is not much else to say - if you want cafeteria style deli and you want it done right - this is the place to get it."  soups and deserts to choose from.  I ordered the ""New Yorker"" Piled high with Hot Pastrami topped with homemade Cole slaw and Miracle Mile Dressing $9.79.  Sandwiches come with your choice of sides and a pickle. I cannot remember ever having better Pastrami.  Service was friendly as expected.  I will probably go back tomorrow.  :-)" Some thing are ok here. Some things sit in the heat bins way too long and get tough. Prices are a bit high for quality of food here. I guess this is probably one of the better delis in town if you can not make it to Cassellas in Scottsdale or NY Hero in Downtown Phoenix." wound be the first place I eat at." One of my favorite lunch locations"  all I can say is they have cabbage rolls !! There awesome ! Old school food nothing fancy just hearty classic stuff." The food was good but I just didn't like the atmosphere. It seems more like a cafeteria than a deli. Long live Miracle Mile Deli!"  whatever that is. Seemed to be the only thing my friends thought was. Missing. I didn't save room for dessert which I regret. That bread pudding and cheesecake looked fierce. When I go back (for more pickles) I will remedy that." Since I cannot have my mom's chicken soup when I am sick I will keep coming back." "Best pastrami sandwich in the valley. Go for the New Yorker. Enormous. Filling. Delicious. You will feel fantastic after this experience. Don't forget to get a Dr. Brown soda  if not the best in Phoenix." Unless you are fond of imitation cheese pass on the grill cheese sandwich. Everything else looked good."  unless someone takes me and orders something amazing for me." I recommend this place everyone and anyone! The best place to ever get a pastrami sandwich!" You don't stay in business as long as MM unless your doing something right."  and interior is going to fade away as the generation that supported it eventually passes on. If you're under 60 and not from the east coat  they actually solved the problem!  I love that.  Now they have some decent vegetarian items.   When I just get a gift certificate from some corporate PR flak  dessert and again service. They are always clean n friendly. I am in love with there turkey sandwich. They make it exactly how I want it . Sounds crazy but sometime restaurants over due the simplest things. All I can say is if you looking for a place to grab something savory this is the place to go. Did I mention the service? Lol"  the food was delicious and the place was clean. I would recommend this to family and friends." "WE LOVE MIRACLE MILE. Their hot pastrami sandwiches are the best. The fresh onion rolls are delicious with hot brisket. One of our favorite lunch outings. I would recommend to anyone who loves a good sandwich the best pastrami you'll find anywhere........another favorite of mine is their mac and cheese........I just wish they had a place closer to me again so I could go there more  and the bread is soft. They have awesome options. Best sandwiches ever! This is a must go to." OMG I haven't even been there yet and I love this place my husband Pete just won a year of free pastrami YUM! Plus it's right next to Last Chance. Double win."  or any deli-type fare. I have no idea what their fruit salad or their pancakes taste like and you shouldn't either. Order real deli food and I guarantee you will be satisfied!" Had the stuffed cabbage. delicious!!!!!!! Side of veggies and water. Will definitely be back. OH! And to Kyle S. Who has his taste buds set on Big Mac's and Dorito's. I am quite sure this fine establishment will be here way past your expiration date. So there is no need for you to return and ruin your youthful vibe to choke down a meal that was made in house instead of pressed and steamed at a factory overseas."  you just cannot beat a good deli and this place rocks. I was overwhelmed by the choices but the Rueben was calling. As you walk through he line you just point and ask and pick it up at the end. After biting into my sandwich I could understand why it was crowded. Good food and prices. Service is quick and with a smile. This is a must stop Make sure you have time for a wait as this place is always packed during lunch time.."  something new and great: chicken enchiladas! Never thought a deli could make such good chicken enchiladas Decided to stop in for lunch today since I wasn't totally sure what I was wanting and knew I'd find something here. I decided on 1/2 of a pastrami sandwich with mac & cheese (it was a special today) and fries since my 1/2 of my sandwich comes with two sides. It was still a bit to much food but that's ok. Service is always great and it is always very clean. The staff is always friendly as well. Will certainly keep this spot in mind again for lunch soon.  so I had an omelet.  You get 5 out of a too-short list of add-ins.  Wish there was more kinds of cheese.  But the ingredients were all fully mixed-in and quite tasty." I went in on a Friday around 10:45 and I was the only person in line.  So I guess I missed the lunch crowds everyone else is talking about!" Great place for lunch! Their pastrami sandwich on sour dough bread is one of the best in town.  it's creepy alright. Had the pastrami hash $10 for an infant sized portion. I don't know how this place is even around. It's a sad weird place frozen in time. Avoid at all costs. I've done the work for you now eat elsewhere."  and your memory of the hot pastrami on a kaiser roll will be the only thing worth remembering from your visit to Miracle Mile. You might also remember the time you assaulted that friendly New Yorker  always consistent! ! And...food looks like their pictures when served !!" "This is a place we visited after seeing it on Diners Drive Ins and Dives. It is a dive but the food was really good. I would suggest the pastrami sandwich Absolutely fantastic parking!" This place is legit! We ordered the New Yorker and the turkacado! Both were excellent! Not sure if they had a toasted bread option but that would be my only recommendation! This place knows what they are doing! Staff was friendly and service was so fast! We even checked in on yelp and got a free Mac and cheese which was delicious!! Definitely recommend this place!  I have been robbed. I was getting cat food at the adjacent store and tummy was rumbling so I stopped in to get a sandwich. I got the pastrami with slaw sans dressing on an onion bun with a side of mac and cheese. OMG! It was so delicious I actually called my husband at work to rave. Pastrami was super tender gratefully not completely stripped of the mandatory marbling I'm sure sets it apart from other pastrami I had historically steered clear of. Mac and cheese was the gooey traditional kind with a thick coat of cheese on top. Coleslaw was sweet "Plain sandwiches and too high a price. Maybe its because transplanted or formers new yorkers are used to paying 40 dollars for 3 average sized sandwiches and two fountain drinks. Maybe its the nostalgia of a delicatessen Huge portions but the food is amazing. My fav is the straw sandwich.  I sometimes get half sand w fries or fruit or pasta salad or  soup in the winter.  The veggie soup is amazing! So fresh w big chunks of veggies. fmuj7u1gflmEjW-h0v9bwg big portion and very satisfying. I also recommend the kaiser roll with your menu choice. We went with a crowd and everyone was satisfied." The place is packed at lunch and a little more expensive for a to-go sandwich than usual (about $10-12) but it's worth every penny." I am going to give them another try for lunch.  The owner was so helpful in his response.  Thanks." "They moved a few miles away. Good food. Not cheap. No parking and had to park on the street. It's a lot smaller than the other place  the service is superb. We're regulars now. Gotta try this place out!"  ownership that brings its people WITH when they move?  People like Gerardo who know u and remember u and Troy the manager who will help u do anything u need which would undoubtedly include cutting your meal if needed.  The food is amazing... Got to have good food AND service and they do.  Love us some Miracle Mile!" I have been to this restaurant several times with the last time being about 9 years ago. With that said I will say this place has definitely changed. I ate the stuffed cabbage and my wife ate the straw sandwich. The food was okay but not great as in the past. The new location on 16th street is small in comparison and parking is cramped. On busy days you will be hard pressed to get served in a timely fashion. Chances of me eating here again will be slim. "Hands down the best deli around!! I always get the brisket of beef on an onion bun. So tender and delicious!!! Now that I've written this  and the rumor on the grapevine is that although it's pretty good money  really?  There is a parking structure on the other side of Macy's.  Valet in Phoenix with easy parking situation = lame."  quality is suffering. Do I love that the menu is longer than the Bible? Or does it actually just drive me mad causing me to drive my salad fork into my forehead while perusing the ad-riddled pages? I'm always here for the comfort food. And I don't order those ridiculous salads  we had to ask for our drinks and appy's.  Had to ask the manager to find out what was going on with our waitstaff and order.  Hopefully  pizza and jambalaya. Everything was great!" I think I am done experimenting." PS - Please clean your bathroom more frequently. This might knoock you down a star." Otherwise---""Bone-That's-Petite!""" Not the kind of restaurant to whip out an engagement ring in (this is a Factory Our experience was amazing. simply amazing." Hepatitis schmepitiis..." I can't give 5 stars to a location that outsources its cheesecake I dig Cheesecake Factory. I've been here a bunch of times and never had a bad meal there. My last visit was for lunch with my friend and her 3 year old daughter. As soon as we were seated our server brought us bread and fruit for the kiddo. Portions are ginormous -- we had the Asian Chicken Salad and the fish tacos and went home with a full bellies and doggie bags.  The cheesecake rocks - I recommend the chocolate chip cookie dough. Yum!  with good service and good price points and more food than you haul in wheelbarrow!"  it just kind of fell apart and was stuffed with really thick slices of underipe tomato that was white in the middle. Fries were cold). We ordered the kids' pasta for my son and it was just that- a bowl of WAY too hot pasta (I just don't know why restaurants serve kids' meals at 1000 degrees). But that was it  because some how the next day I ended up with a cheesecake factory pint glass in my freezer...and I know I didn't get this at the novelty station. :) In any event I am giving this place 5 stars! I would suggest going there if you can for good spirits good times and good food."  after I was done with my Bang Bang Chicken. YUM. Seriously chicken curry at the cheesecake factory? Yup. you name it and they've probably got it. Just avoid the Chicken Curry Cheesecake (kidding). Bring your reading glasses and decide the base food you want: steak  though we did have a good time talking about all the changes in Phoenix and the Biltmore area."  Penny. I hope your salary on the show increases due to the heavy product placement fees that CF must be paying 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw  as I mulled the book of a menu over and over and kept sending him away and my 'wanting only dessert friend' now wanted some orange chicken too... and bread...and a side salad.. geesh.. how can a 90lb girl want so much food? ... I ended up with a chicken sandwiche and soup... none of which was earth shattering... but I loved the waiter... we had fun with the fact that the seemingly 'we never get out much' peeps next to us didnt know how to act in a restaurant...and he brought us a piece of decadent red velvet cheese cake and even wrote in cursive a cute little note for me and my friend.. and I will leave it at that:-) Score for the factory.. compliments of the waiter... Now if they can find a way to control the other diners and the out of control kids.. they may be on to something."  my friend poured down 4 cups during the visit.  The brownie sundae was very very good and very very sweet.  Too sweet that forced me to order the Tex Mex egg rolls to get the sweetness out of my mouth.  Loved the Tex Mex egg rolls!"  which gave 7 people each an adequate serving - it would provide more than enough for a party of 4. the food was good and i liked the variety. i am "You really can't ever go wrong with Cheesecake Factory  no matter what city you're in.  (Though I've found the one in Northern NJ and in Phoenix is better than Baltimore) Big menu The service was great but the cheesecake was par.  I would. I'm weary of chain places and this restaurant reminds me why - the service is often atrocious (or maybe we just got the worst waitress on the planet that night) and having to leaf through the extensive menu for 15 minutes only prolongs the wait for what will be a mediocre meal. That  but that price is just absolutely exorbitant for the poor service and lack luster food. This visit was most definitely my last visit to the Cheesecake Factory. And if you happen to be looking for dinner at the Biltmore  and their servings big. It's hard to argue with that."  but I'm sure this is the best one."  the service is over shadowed by the food!" I will never go to this restaurant again Better luck when seated at the bar Cheesecake Factory is on the top of my list for places to go and my favorite Happy Hour haunt." The food here is just ok. The menu is huge so it takes a while to choose what you want to eat. My mom wanted to go here for her birthday dinner and when we told them it was her birthday they offered her a free ice cream sundae. Umm...isn't this place called the CHEESECAKE Factory? I thought it was lame that they didn't offer her a free piece of cheesecake. till I found a dried piece of spinach stuck on my fork when I unwrapped the silverware Over all we had a good time. But for my meal costing me $30 and I didn't even have a cocktail Really can't go wrong at just about any Cheesecake Factory but this one is exceptionally reliable. We frequent this location once or twice a month and almost always have perfect service and great food.  it's a big whatever. Anything other than lunch is overpriced. In the end it's just overpriced ridiculously sized chain food . I don't understand why people love it so much. I hope for the rest of my life I never step foot in one again. I know I won't be missing much."  I really like this place because I can connect with their history. Small beginnings and look where the business is when you have vision. Gotta love the Overtons for that!" "My best choice restaurant for dessert. I tried the famous Chris Outrageous Chocolate Cake and found my new favorite dessert! It's so delicate and at the same time the chocolate is not too overpowering the flavor of coconut mousse. The calamari is great I love love love the chicken Cesar salads here and of course the Cheesecake. Service is always really fast and I am never disappointed.  point is; I don't need an encyclopedia of the world's cuisine on one menu.  I'm hungry and tell me what you serve and are your signature dish - that's all I want.  As you can see I'm not a big fan of restaurants with more on their menu than the number of mistresses of Tiger Woods (Ouch! Sorry Tiger you left yourself open for that one!).  Regardless "This place never fails my taste buds. There are so many delicious things to order off the pages and pages of menu. We started with the artichoke and it was scrumptious. Both of the dipping sauces were yummy and the artichoke was cooked perfectly. After we shared Evelyn's favorite pasta- it came with lots of veggies and good tasting sauce. We chose not to eat the cheesecake (this time)  and no one is in the mood for anything specific sort of place."  red velvet cake surrounded by layers of cheesecake. It also has a cream cheese frosting with what tastes like white chocolate shavings in the frosting. I came here yesterday with the excuse of validating my parking token (as my husband puts it  so we dealt with it the best way we could. Had the hostess we'd spoken to earlier in the day not said it wouldn't be a problem Got my usual Vanilla Bean Cheesecake to top off the visit!!!"  great drinks and excellent food!  Compared to the normal prices (which are pricey) happy hour is a great time to come in and get all the best appetizers for excellent deals!  Go and enjoy!" 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw  tangie - you made my night." "I will say this may not be a fair review as a drink was spilled on me in the first 5 minutes of me arriving and it may have been 50% my kids fault. The other drink spilled on me from my other kid was 100% her fault so I may be jaded  then go for their signature cakes. Simply amazing is the best way to describe their cheesecakes and other savory cakes. If I did have a complaint (besides the extensive menu which can be daunting to some) it would be that this place is usually a bit noisy Cheesecake Factory never disappoints  son and I always enjoy this location." "If you are looking a flavor explosion in your mouth.  Open wide here comes Cheescake Factory. Everything I have tried here is really good.  The tiramisu cheesecake is the best I have ever had.  Even if you do not like cheesecake you will love the tiramisu. The standouts for the appetizers are the buffalo blasts.  They are like shredded chicken deep fried with cheese around it dipped in buffalo sauce. Oh it's so so good. I also like the factory burger for my main dish. It's a hamburger in sour dough bread with onions with fries. Trust me it's really good. My wife and I always go on eachothers birthdays so the workers can sing to us. Great food Today I got the same great food and service! After glancing at the novel-sized menu and wrestling in my mind what to have... I had my usual: the shrimp and bacon club sandwich. I always order mine without the middle slice of bread. There are few reasons why I do this: 1. I can't fit the double decker sandwich in my mouth 2. it makes the sandwich more packed full of shrimp and bacon! 3. Less calories - which I guess makes up for the bacon and fries I had! All in all the sandwich was delish! They have a new nifty metal fry holder that kept my fries hot  both times unacceptably.  The ""crust"" is really bread stuffing on the outside and the miso glaze was a miso cream sauce I will say I've stopped by the carry out counter for cheesecake to go before and absolutely LOVE the Lemon Raspberry and will always consider it a ""go-to option to-go""!!!"  the complementary bread they brought out was actually better with the dip. For the main dish i got the Spicy Chicken Chipotle Pasta and it was awesome. The flavor and the crispy topping brought everything together. The veggies and the chicken were plentiful and covered in the sauce. I brought it home because i couldn't finish it all and it was just as good reheated. The wait staff was very polite and knowledgeable." The service is usually pretty good and we never really have any complaints. The staff are always friendly and helpful and always have positive things to say about the food we're ordering. They'll even go so far as to inform us of tasty new menu choices. Trust me...eat a meal here and you won't regret it." Amazing. I know how I say I hate reviewing franchises The service was fine.  I didn't care for the snarky comments from the waiter about the amount of water I drink."  but this location is always busy so it's not a good place to go if you don't have a couple hours to eat your meal. If they are busy Cheesecake is of course awesome- but I can count the number of times I've actually had room left in my stomach to order the cheesecake on one hand. Dulce De Leche has been my ""go to"" for years!"  I love you cheesecake factory and you have never failed me! MUAH!"  plus we got to go downtown. food was amazing and the desert was the best i have ever had." Food is average at best.  But last two times the service was terrible.  They need to retrain their servers in customer service.  The only reason for the 2 stars is that there is no denying that their cheesecake is excellent.  another waitress stepped on my sister's foot but refused to move in a timely manner. I'm going to have to pass on this one unless I need cheesecake in the near future. The validated parking is free with a two hour limit."  but was not a fan of the bread in the basket- the taste was bit off.  Our service was okay and the waiter checked on us throughout our meal.  I did try their cheesecake- nothing too different from any other one.  The only thing I could suggest to the restaurant is maybe increase the lighting just a bit more." It's ok. Desert is great. Italian pasta suck. Bread is good.  drinks are better and the cheese to die for!"  the gumbo. I'm not really sure how a kitchen can specialize in every cuisine known to man but they manage to pull it off somehow. If i have one complaint  no joke.  Service was pretty horrid as well." This location is a hot mess.  I love the Cheese Cake Factory but this locaton is not up to the standards that I accustomed to from this company.  Choose another location The waitress smelled like a pack of cigarettes.  So standing over me taking my order made my stomach turn.  Then my rice was undercooked.  When I told them it was undercooked they wanted to question me and say are you sure.  Im Asian I eat rice almost everyday.  There were Nat's flying around the food.  I won't be back to this location. Je veux manger mon cheesecake !!"  but expensive. Atmosphere is a little too casual to pay $70 including tip for 2 people. Felt like a Mimi's Cafe plunked down on Camelback. Also we look for a place where the bar isn't so much the focal point."  how to put this.. the veggies looked great but tasted like charcoal! upon further inspection of "" where is that burnt smell coming from"" ""is it your food"" (snif snif) nope... bam it was the veggies that are served in a lil black tray. they were hard and so black on the bottom and gooey The cheesecake guys are the best. The cheesecakes are so great. foods and drinks are even better. the big problem is that you have to always wait and I hate that. even during weekdays that are not over crowded they keep you waiting for at least 10 minutes unless you only come here for lunch. Food is always great.  I love the meatloaf sandwich.  The service is really hit or miss.  Sometimes I have great servers who are passionate about their work.  Other times service is just ok.  The ground is always super slick and sticky and it really takes away from the nice decor.  I have to say they di burgers as good as anyone else if not better! Kobe and chop house!!" good late night place to eat I would go back except that I know I will be tempted to try other restaurants in the area particularly the ones that aren't corporate-owned and have more interesting menus. That said I always have a pleasant experience when I go to Cheesecake Factory. The service is superb. Huge servings but the food is ridiculously overpriced. You're just paying for the ambiance. you can get better food elsewhere. We always like to come out here to have our favorite appetizer and dessert. We live 30 min away  yummy food. Sooo many choices for food." My initial review was much more detailed I had not been to a Cheesecake Factory in several years.  I went today for my birthday and had a great time and very kind and excellent service.  Great iced tea too.  it was more like apple juice and not cold at all. Their price for their 'small plates' is pricey for the portion that you get  and had wonderful service by Vince.  The smaller portion menu is great as well.  It is nice to get great customer service it is a real treat when so many companies could care less about it.  Vince does and it showed." I love coming here and always want to come right back to try something else on their huge menu." Their Chinese Chicken Salad and Oreo Cheesecake are to die for!! I always get sat immediately and get really fast service at this location. We sat in a booth that was like sitting on a bench. We noticed the other booths were well padded. I don't know if this was intentional but it was uncomfortable after about 30 minutes and we ended up getting our meals to go. That was a definite draw back."  it was stupendous.  I had the salmon special.  It was good but nondescript.  The Kentucky tea and the cherry cheesecake were real smooth and good for my taste palette.  You can't go wrong when you choose CF.  I'm so glad that hubby's eyes and taste buds have opened up to the CF way of eating."  but this place refused to answer my email complaint about the bad meal. At least answer and acknowledge you read it. Next time I'll just go down the road to Chili's. At least they try.." not impressed. My salad was $17 for lunch!! and also NOT WORTH IT. Very pricey for what you get. Slow service and table next to us stayed dirty the entire hour + we were there."  I hope it's because I was buried in a pile of the fried mac & cheese balls and I ate myself to death. No better way to go ................................................................................................"  even for seemingly simple dishes. The good thing is that most items (even salads and sandwiches) will get you multiple servings unless you're super hungry. I'm a fan of their rye bread. People think I'm weird when I compare other calamari to the one that's served here.  That said "This was my first time at a Cheesecake Factory and I was pleasantly surprised. I had this idea that I it was a burger joint  and they are willing to explain any item on the menu."  and I can't remember ever ordering a dish that I ended up disliking.  I wish the cheesecake was just a little bit more reasonably priced  the food is consistently good. Not great My only complaint is the menu is too big! Takes me forever to pick something 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw  the service n the food...since then I keep coming back to try n enjoy new dishes :)"  and I do think it's overpriced. I wouldn't mind eating here again but it'll be awhile before I do." This is the story me and my family where sited  outside we have waited 22 minutes to be exact and we did not get serves the beast part is that after 16 minutes I talked to the hostess and still no one showed up It's Cheesecake Factory.  It's a chain.  Can't expect some fine dining." RED VELVET CAKE IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!" Crazy at 7.00 pm lights automatically dimmed in entire restaurant and guests were eating by cell phone light" I do love cheesecake!  Those two words should not be combined to create a word to describe such deliciousness...but I will not allow such transgressions to distract from my indulgences!  The CF does such an excellent job...I should have ordered two to go.  The red velvet is superb...I'm now wearing it permanently on bum.  Yes...once on my lips and bam...there it is!!  since my hometown doesn't have one.  Everything ordered was cooked perfectly I prefer local eateries but I did enjoy my meal at the Cheesecake factory at Kierland commons. Our server Ashley is a sweetheart and great care of my dairy allergy. The steamed dumplings were delicious :) Always the best options!!!!! I get the louisiana chicken pasta every time!!!! I've only tried a couple other plates but this one is always my number one choose! I recommend it to any pasta lover!  Yuummmmmmm!!!!! 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw above and over the top !"  yes there's variety but not noteworthy. It has nothing on NY cheesecake or homemade. If you're called the cheesecake factory you better have damn good cheesecake."  and accomodating management." I sit at the bar and the staff is always talkative and friendly; offering area tips and must-sees."  I ordered the strawberry daiquiri and it was just...strong but so good! Rule of thumb for the drink: take some of the strawberry as you drink it! I made the mistake of dropping it in and smudging it to get more strawberry out of it "Took the family here tonight and had a very good dinner. Hibachi steak was cooked to a perfect medium and wife's salad was good quality with fresh greens.  Nothing over the top but always a good Good place for lunch or dinner. We'll keep going back."  being a server I can see how that can be a little annoying but we did leave him a 35% tip."  is my least favorite. I went in for dinner one night and had Michelle C as a server and it just seemed like she was in a bad mood and didn't want to be there that night. I'll take my business elsewhere thank you." Today was a group lunch for a friend who is leaving. The service was fantastic - our server's name was Jolynn. The food orders were executed flawlessly and we all had a great time.  but it's the CF. You don't go to be all dietetic and stingy. All in all it has become one of the best chain restaurants I have ever visited."  leaned over my food and beverage to deliver our check to the table before dessert even arrived!!"  yum!!! My glass was never empty and the food was delicious! I always make it a point to stop by here when I'm in the area." "Tonight my fianc and I took my parents to Cheesecake Factory to catch up over a slice of cheesecake and a cup of coffee (it was 5:30PM) We got our coffees right away  I may be back for a salad or salmon rolls." "The front desk girl a few different times wasn't friendly at all.  The food is good but portions are small.  If it weren't for the hostess that never smiles I would rate more stars.  Hostess should be welcoming  Gotta love the portion sizes! Bartender was cool as well" Went for lunch with a medium size group. 6 people. Service was great. Waitress was very attentive and smiled. Food was really good. 3 of the group had never been before to Cheesecake Factory .We wil be back! Great stuff ! My favorite restaurant. Upset they got rid of the eggplant sandwhich but it's not a big deal they still have plenty of other stuff for me to eat. The waiting time to sit isnt long and worth the wait! Great food with tons of choices and amazing service! I have never been to a cheesecake factory that i didnt like. Oh yeah they have a nice bar for those who drink.  Ahi tartar and the dumplings . Aria was our server and took care of us (even though we can tell she wasn't feeling well). She maintained the table's needs (refills 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw This review is just for the take out counter. Went in to get cheesecake that would not have nuts in it. Lovely staff were kind enough to walk me through the options. Ended up with a white chocolate blueberry cheesecake. Hit the spot. Ate here last night with couple friends food was o k....forgot to order my salad...so dark couldn't even see the menu! Of course the cheese cake was delicious!  I hope you give her a great big hug for me right now. You absolutely put the ""awe"" in Awesome!"   this tasked like a cheap version of orange chicken . It was extremely salty and deep fried. . I don't recall getting any cashews. We also ordered Asian salad. It was drenched with salad dressing which was too salty we had the jambalaya chicken and shrimp which we liked but they must have forgotten the sauce. I wanted to order cheese cake but was stuffed" First time eating dinner here and the shrimp and chicken gumbo was excellent.. The service was great and our server was polite and very attentive.. I would go back the menu had lost of endless choices to chose from. "The food is decent a little bit overpriced my real problem with this place is the service we experienced. We were sitting outside for about 20 minutes waiters kept going by we got up and we were ready to leave when a server approached us and asked if we had a server so we said no  and he went and found who our server was.  Elizabeth than came to our table and said I kept wondering why no server was  checking up on you guys  turns out I'm your server. She kept making excuse after excuse not once did she apologize. By the end of our dinner we were already so annoyed by her she tried to get us to have desert and kept  trying to force us to have desert and than made a stupid comment  ""are you guys gonna make me run around here like a chicken with their head cut off to get you guys to order desert"" which we still have yet to figure out what she meant  by it. The bill then came you would've thought that when two people are spending almost a hundred bucks for dinner and drinks it would've been nice to have something taken off the check. Nope you're wrong not with Elizabeth. Oh and once more she made an excuse for making us wait 20+ minutes when the restaurant wasn't even busy. This happened about 3 months ago and I'm still furious about leaving her a tip. We've been back since and always make sure we don't have Elizabeth." Now would I go here on a regular basis probably not but it's nice once in awhile to enjoy."  it was a huge portion. Finished about 1/4 of it and the rest was snacks for later. The clam chowder soup was also a hit.  Simple "We came here for my friends birthday and it was such a fiasco! We called ahead and stated we had 20 people and the host said we should be able to get a table no problem. Sure enough they had to scramble and find room for us outside saying they never take reservations and had no idea we were coming. The parking situation is horrible and you have to remember to get validated. I ordered the four cheese pasta with chicken and the noodles just weren't cooked right. In my opinion Our appetizer and main course came cold. Our server forgot about us for a good 20 minutes while we waited for the check. I've had great service here before but not today.  and ooooh what a happy hour it is. Probably the best happy hour I've encountered in a very long while. Everything that's normally well over $12 is $5 Food wasn't prepared properly and when I asked for them to prepare it again it was horrible! Very disappointed and won't return to this location!  herb encrusted salmon does not taste quite as good when you're throwing it up. Currently sitting in the doctors office waiting for meds over a bad case of food poisoning. Thanks Cheesecake Factory!" "Arrived there with a friend at 11:15 am for lunch. I order the same thing which is absolutely my favorite- fish & chips. I placed my order and about 20 mins later my server came by to tell me that it would be about 20 mins to prep the fish. My question is Great happy hour! Super busy and the service is mediocre.. Huuuuge menu.. I had the 5$ happy hour burger and it was good. John is the best bartender!!! Always has a great attitude  and gives great service. He can pretty much make any drink that you want. Best time to visit are his shifts Monday  thru Friday for those people who like to sit at the bar.  this place is hit and miss." My husband and I tried it for the very first time the food was amazing and the waiter James was amazing as well we will be going back there again and hopefully I can get James again his service was by far the best I have had in a long time so thank you James Parking is impossible so they provide Ameripark valet. No mention of cost. $7 for  a 45 minute lunch!  I found both Cheesecake Factory and Ameripark failed to openly and accurately describe this arrangement. I was deceived and ripped off. BEWARE!  creamy and moist it is truly the best. Service is fast "Love this location. The biltmore is a nice place to stop on my way home from work and I always stop in for at least a piece of cheesecake but the food is great here too. They have so many different options. Mexican   but when I ordered it I was told it was discontinued.  If you are going to discontinue something you would think you would remove it from the slide show and change the menu! So sad "I guess my husband and I have been lucky that we've always had a wonderful experience at this location since I've read some reviews that it's been hit and miss. We've always had outstanding service and the food has been delicious. I highly recommend trying the Chicken Madeira. Oh... and the Godiva Cheesecake Had the crusted salmon with mash potato and asparagus lunch.  All can say is mmm mmm good. This is my first time at a cheesecake factory and wont be my last. Having good company and a good appetite makes a perfect lunch.  The choices on the menu makes it so very hard to decide.  I also have a couple of friends that tell me you can not go wrong with anything on this menu. I would love to come back again maybe on a special occasion because it is special occasion kind of money you will spend. You do get complimentary bread and that is a plus because its not bad at all. I like the wheat one it seemed to be softer than the white.  I did not get the cheesecake maybe next visit. I love this restaurant! I come here often and each time that I have come I have had great food as well as great service. I will continue to visit here.  comes our long wait for our orders to be brought out. Georgina hasn't been back to our table for at least 15 minutes at this point. Another young man stopped and dropped one basket of bread and a small dish with 4 butter pats Mediocre food. I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and it was VERY SALTY. All I tasted was salt. I had to send it back after 2 bites! Very disappointing. It's the simplest dish. Our server was very friendly and had a great attitude so not a total loss. Valet parking now takes half the entire mall parking (all the restaurant side.)  paying for parking when the entire mall parking lot is 45% full rubs me wrong.  The food was good. This place never disappoints. Our most recent server Anne Marie was a delight!  just typical chain restaurant food. I usually get the Louisiana chicken pasta which always has a lot of flavor. Sometimes it comes like it's been sitting out for a while because all the sauce has settled to the bottom and left a greasy film on top. My beef with this chain is their portion sizes. They're insane. Like "I went in for dessert and coffee by myself. I couldn't decide between my top 4 picks for cheesecake (SO MANY OPTIONS. IT'S OVERWHELMING.) I listed my top 4 options Great service and our server Gregario was amazing.  We tried to stump him with items on the menu but he was able to give great detail about the items as well as page numbers.  my lunch mates got salmon- big and looked awesome!  I tasted the fettuccine  alfredo- much too garlicky  and I like garlic! I had the luau chicken- perfect and this time they had pineapple  upside  cheesecake We ordered for the chicken potstickers and flat bread for the appetizers and they were really good . Their bread basket has some of the best samplers around ! They have huge portions of everything and the menu in itself is like a booklet with whole lot of selections . Linda's cream cake and the lemon meringue cheesecake for deserts were divine ! With such good food and ambience the price has all the reasons to be on the higher side . Hello .. Whose complaining !! Way to go CCF! 5 stars." SO ""Louie"" the Mgr came  over and said Sorry..we are having trouble with the Kitchen Mgr and his ordering.. You guys Suck!" The service there is atrocious!!! Had to wait over 20 minutes for service and that was after two other tables who came in after our party were seated and waited on! Complained to the manager and he gave an paulty excuse which I know for a fact is totally untrue! Will not spend another dime at this establishment!  but made us both a little sick to our stomachs after a few bites. Not sure how any human being could consume a whole slice in one sitting. When I went home I looked up the calorie count out of curiousity- it was about 1 Wait is longer than indicated - no reservations. Hosts do not acknowledge or update you. 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw "I went here last night with a party of 23. They do not take reservations. When our group checked in we were told it would be about an hour before our table was ready. We ended up waiting 2 hours for our party to be seated and we had to split our party up in 2 groups and sat on opposite sides of the room. We got 2 complimentary orders of nachos for waiting so long. Service was horrible. They insisted on taking our order a certain way but when the food was delivered Went with my wife for the first time. I guess it's ok for a company franchise. The food was great and the service was better.  no room for cheesecake.  everything is really intense.  our server was nice enough Apparently this is the place teen girls want to go for thier birthday.  If you are ever stuck trying to figure out a gift idea I highly recommend this location and restaurant chain and don't forget to validate before leaving." "Just had dinner at The CheeseCake Factory and I can probably tell you it was the worst experience ever; from the nasty floors to the ROACH crawling along OUR the table - REALLY!! The waiter did his best to catch the Roach without success. The waitress apologizes for the floor and the roach. Eventually the manager came over and offered to waive our dessert that we didn't even order. So he wanted us to pay more money for an subpar experience. I can see why this restaurant has three start rating. The restaurant is subpar 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw  but all the other times have been pretty pleasant. Customer service is pretty good. When it got buys we waited a really long time to get our check  this dish can definitely be shared if you aren't super hungry.  I definitely recommend the sweet corn tamales for an appetizer. Parking here can get a little complicated but the staff and service more than makes up for any parking inconvenience." The snickers cheescake is heaven I love eating dinner here because the food is great and the customer service is what I look for in a good restaurant What is there not to like about this place? They have a menu for everyone! I love how they have all different types of food! The orange chicken is one of my favorite meals!! Must try! "Who doesn't love The Cheesecake?  You have 100 things to chose from. Portions are huge. I've never had a bad meal there. Tonight 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw  we were told we would have to wait because their systems were down and they couldn't close anyones bill out - so 20 minutes and no apologies or discount later  but he never came back. We finally gathered up our leftover and went to the front desk to get their assistance in retrieving our credit cards and receipts. This server experience will not keep me from returning to this restaurant because the food is awesome!" The nice thing is that even on a Friday night they will take reservations for large groups." 2r8jGeuYvMkyP2ik_X-Bxw All in all we waited longer than was necessary but we are OK with that as we were relaxing and enjoying each other's company. The waitress must of been having a bad day  but if they knock a few dollars off it would be even be better.  We ordered chips with guacamole dip and it was really good and fresh. I had the macaroni cheeseburger with fries. The place can use just a little more lighting "I come on in with my girlfriend it was  nice welcome then our server came over did not ask how are we or any thing did not give us his name he just came up and ask ""what can I get you"" in a really downward voice and then I ordered a beer and a long island I'm half way down with my beer and he take it without asking me if I was done and he never came to check up on us. I felt like he could have been more friendly and kind to me and my girlfriend he could have started by saying ""hello If I could do 2 1/2 I would but I can't so I'll go with a solid 2 stars. Food was decent. Good spices and the chicken was tender but more pasta then chicken. Two people spent $85 not all that I've been here many times but never cared for the service. But today it was great because of Brandon (the waiter). He was absolutely amazing!!! He made this day so much better. He has such great spirit. He went above and beyond. He's a valuable asset to the company!!! People like him make a difference. Thank you.  but none the less delicious! You have to try it!"  but ""meh"" just about describes the food experience. My friend had a pasta dish that should have had ""with shrimp"" in teeny tiny letters as those were in short supply. I had about the simplest thing on the menu--the Regina Special The cucumber lemonade is where it's at! They muddle fresh lime in it and it's absolutely delicious!!! Our server Marcella couldn't hear us though. And she brought chocolate milk out for my kid even though I distinctly said white. She tried All their deserts are amazing! I was very pleased with the service. "This place was pretty disappointing considering how many people I know can't stop ranting about it. We sat at a table in the bar area and waited nearly 20 mins to get service even tho it was the middle of the afternoon. The food was nothing to write home about either. I don't know about places that offer huge menus like that "Best place ever!! Great food great service. I highly recommended this place. First time I ate in this place I was so amaze how the waitress were on you  especially for a chain restaurant.  Anne Marie took exceptional care of us and earned a 25% gratuity for her extraordinary efforts. Thank you Cheesecake Factory!"  I doubt I'll be back anytime soon... but that's OK... I doubt they'll miss me..." Fresh yummy brunch with a nice atmosphere the waiter was timely and the restaurant was clean  the kitchen added lemon and capers to the Alfredo.  WRONG!  Again it went back and this time I got a reasonable facsimile of a piccata.  The next time I went in the bartender Chelsea ignored me for almost 20 minutes.  When she finally did come over she was rude and treated me like a second class subhuman piece of trash.  Today I went back and Chelsea was working again.  I had just returned from a hiking trip with friends and sat in the back of a Jeep for six hours.  I just wanted to have a drink and relax while I waited for an Uber to pick me up.  Unfortunately Chelsea's girlfriend was sitting at the bar and didn't shut up from the moment I walked in to the moment I left.  I'm not saying it's wrong to have friends come in when your working and everyone has the right to express themselves but there is a limit and boundaries need to be set.  Sorry Cheesecake Factory  the beef in the Samoas was well seasons and has a crisp bite that melted into your mouth. The beverage the strawberry creamsickle was not the greatest Who else is feeling positive this evening?"  but not a great waiter. After taking our order we advised that we were on a break from work so we would like the check immediately. We received our check last.  Our food arrived with 20 minutes to spare from our break. He said that he would bring to go boxes with our order. Not only did we never get a to go box Other than that food was great!" Be careful when you leave because there is a column by the door with a square bottom. I hit my knee on the corner and was lucky it didn't break the skin because it was chipped."  Vince and Chase. Sit in the bar area and you're set. Great atmosphere  even if you don't have room for it; take a slice home with you. But to my original surprise the first time I came to one of these Consistency consistancy wow what more can I say I've never had a bad meal at Cheesecake Factory I often wonder how do they do it with such a large menu the food is made quickly and fresh and always taste great. Always coming back to that fantastic place." "I've visited this location for lunch a few times with work associates and every time the food and service has been great. I love the strawberry lemonade they serve -- perfect balance of sweet and sour. Their beef dip sandwich vv1uvJRBUqi707TA5GuhCg So I thought I was getting a chocolate cake with Kahlua cream frosting.  Sounded good since we were having a luau.  Cut into the cake later that night to find that it was four layers of white cake with coffee/esspresso brushed on each layer then filled and covered with the awesome Kahlua cream frosting! Yum.  but these are experienced bakers who care about your satisfaction and who seem to enjoy a good challenge. They'll consult with you Let me start by saying yummy! Barb's did a fantastic job on my birthday cake! My sister ordered me a 4 layer magical marble cake with Grand Marnier filling and Butter cream frosting! It was sooooo moist and flavorful! In my opinion and several of my guests it was a much better tasting cake then Tammy Coe. It is less expensive as well. I also received a Red Velvet cupcake. It was the best red velvet cupcake ever!  and cookies should be!!  I give out their seasonal decorated cookies to friends and I always get props for being the the ""best friend ever""!"  so I'll be brief.  Barb's is such a great bakery.  Their cupcakes are eye candy and taste even better than they look.  If you're a fan of red velvet I would definitely come here again to get my dessert fix." Reason for 4 stars is I feel it's time to remodel or  spruce it up. Your interior doesn't need to look 38 years old." So I would definitely custom-order a fresh cake and not pick a cupcake out of the case. :-) The people there were all VERY helpful and friendly - the guy even carried the cake out to my car." I tried their chocolate cupcake with buttercream frosting and loved the cake but not the topping. I will certainly return though to try their other goodies! "Barb's takes me back to childhood memories of my father taking me to a couple of his favorite sweet spots which were great then but can't compare to the goodies that come from here. My favorite is the bear claw filled with sweet cinnimon and topped with a drizzle of white icing and almonds. My girlfriend's favorite is the rasberry and cheese danish. The pastry is a light buttery flavorful compliment to the fresh rasberry flavor. My mouth is waterying just describing it! Be sure to stop by on Saturday's before 9 a.m. at the latest to be able to choose from a wide selction of pastries  and I'll gladly return next time I'm Phoenix.  Maybe I'll try that tiramisu I was eyeing..." Ok so now Barb has 10 stars from me. We ordered a barbie cake with cookies and cupcakes. Everything was delicious. You cannot go wrong with Barbs. They are friendly and helpful. Reasonably priced and DELICIOUS! "Ive only been here for their donuts after a fellow employee brought some in.  If you want the freshest Ok cupcake.  Velvet topping is not soft We will definitely come here again!" Worth the drive from anywhere!!!"  and they nailed it. The cookies looked and tasted amazing! They wrapped them in individual bags and tied with a ribbon so it was easy for us to distribute them at the product launch. They even made us a few extras since the shape made them break fairly easily. They were such a hit They also took the extra time to write a message on the cake for me before I left."  no votes for the cheesecake. The mouse and tiramisu were phenomenal. My vote was for the tiramisu. Seriously. I could've used some alone time with it." I will definitely go back to Barb's. Great service The employees are so nice and helpful too!"  I'm officially adding Barb's Bakery to my list of sweet spots." vv1uvJRBUqi707TA5GuhCg But for the cake itself?.... SOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOD!" "Barb's Bakery...they epitomize what the local community feel is all about. It's like stopping by an old friend's house or having your childhood best friend's parents make you breakfast. They are extremely friendly i have ordered from Barb's for a few occasions and have always had good/fair results. My most recent order was for 2 dozen plain sugar cookies for a birthday party. We were having a cookie decorating table. They are quite pricey at Barb's and because they are closed on Sunday (the day of our party) we had to pick them up on Saturday. While they looked yummy and simple come saturday they were hard as rocks...blah..I dont know when they baked these but it couldnt have been on Saturday they wouldn't have been hard already...reallly?  YUMMY.....Awesome cupcakes.    Randy did a great job assisting us for our friends birthday treat.    Thanks for the recommendations on flavors.    Everyone enjoyed and our server at lunch was pleased to have such a great treat with the few that were left."  I would encourage all my sweet toothed brethren out there to not go Mon If you want happy cakes go here :)" "I hadn't been to Barb's in probably 10 years and decided to stop in on my way home from a morning outing--I am so glad I did; but I went a little crazy (thank goodness everything freezes well).  I am so impressed with the gourmet cupcakes and the muffins.  I have never tasted muffins as good as Barb's--especially the Morning Glory (carrot) and Bran.  The bran muffin is the best ever--most taste like cardboard; but not this one--it was delicious.  Everyone in the shop is friendly and so helpful--you can tell they care about their customers and appreciate your business.  Do stop in sometime "Barb's Bakery did a wonderful job on our wedding cakes. We ordered 6 traditional style cakes. Each was beautiful. I was a little disappointed that I was told that the cakes would easily fit on any normal sized cake plate with a dome. This was not the case and therefore the cakes did get mushed eventually. Also If you are looking for terrific customer service and good prices to go along with your cake "LOVE their decorated sugar cookies.  They are always colorful and festive for the appropriate season or holiday.  Most importantly I was so impressed with the cake we ordered for my mother's birthday. It was not only beautiful but absolutely delicious. We will definitely be ordering from them again. Only fools would go to a big chain supermarket for a cake with a place like Barbs in the area. Had a carrot cake and it was second to none the cake was moist filled with carrot and walnuts and iced with an o so delicious cream cheese frosting. That is all.  Carry on."  moist and kept everyone going for seconds. I also had a few of their cupcakes. Carrot cake cupcake is my favorite! Red Velvet and Pink Champagne are also delicious. I am now planning to be a regular customer at Barb's Bakery for all our events. I'll just have to be sure to call the day before to confirm my order." great bakery. always the highest quality.  the service has not been great and my pastries are usually dry and not that tasty." "One of my vendors uses this bakery a lot for gifts. I have had several of their sugar cookies and let me say First of all....many thanks to Angela for helping me through this process!  I have been planning my Grandma's birthday party in Phoenix although I live in San Diego. Angela has been so helpful and patient with me as I made changes and additions to the order up to a week ago. Today I picked up the order and while at the bakery decided to pick up a few cupcakes as an afternoon sweet treat for some visitors.  OMG!!!!!  So wonderful!!  We got a mix of cupcakes but the pink champagne takes the cake for me - pun intended.  I can't wait until tomorrow when we bring out the cakes and cupcakes for the party.  I will definitely come back here to cure my sweet tooth and recommend it to everyone I know in the area.  very cute!  This is MY all time favorite cupcake place in all of the metro Phoenix area  and left feeling comfortable that our cake would be exactly what we wanted. Their pricing is exceptionally reasonable - for $3.50/slice you have so many amazing options to choose from. Our cake was chocolate with a raspberry butter cream filling Barb's keep up the GREAT service and wonderful goods." Must try - Pink Champagne Cupcake I asked a few friends where I could get a cake for our daughters first birthday and almost everyone I spoke to recommended Barbs.  Now I know why!  The cake was delicious marble with a cream filling.  It was decorated just as we wanted it to be!  I only gave them a few days notice and they were able to take care of me.  We will use them for all our fancy cakes in the future! Simply the best in Phoenix.  Bought a German Chocolate Cake w/ Mocha filling for my Wife surprise Birthday Party and it was hit with everyone!  The female clerk also recommended I buy Red Roses for my Wife and White Roses for all the Ladies attending!  Score!!  can you give me a card with the address on it?"" He totally ignored me and started helping another customer. I got his attention and said I would like to try a cupcake to help choose a flavor and what would he recommend. He said the red velvet was popular The lady helping me was so nice and friendly and make some great suggestions. I even bought a sugar cookie (what they are super known for) ""for the road"" and it was de-lish. I definitely have a go-to place now for baked goods!" THANKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  and sometimes they run out of the stuff I like before I can get there." Thank you for making my boyfriends cake so perfect for his special day!" "I've been in love with Barb's since I had them create an amazing cake creation for Make-A-Wish Foundation's 20th birthday 13 years ago. Consistently over the years they have never failed to disappoint. The best cupcakes around... adorable and delicious sugar cookies and the pastries... to die for!  I was just there yesterday and bought some petit-fours... for me! And no "By far the best bakery I've been to!! I took some cupcakes and a couple of their cheesecakes to the office  it would be Barb's Bakery. The cupcakes are adorable and delicious! Everyone at work demands Barb's for meetings I've tried a few pastries and found them to be absolutely divine.  Can't go wrong with Barbs!"  best red velvet ever!! Just had two cupcakes. Cosmopolitan blew my mind and the raspberry one with white  choc DELISH!!!"  we were assured by the staff that they could deliver what we were asking for. When we picked it up we were extremely disappointed in the finished result - I could have easily done myself what we paid $70 for. When we cut into it  the manager rolled her eyes at me.  Started slamming things around and told me sharply I would have to WAIT for the refund.   So you forget my order Just my two cents!  Otherwise my little cake was perfect and my daughter thought it was beautiful barbs used to be the best . something happened there  they are beyond rude this business should be used as a last resort  LGO and the list goes on. Barb's Bakery is nothing short of amazing in my humble opinion. This was the best carrot cake I have ever eaten. Super moist  cupcakes and cookies in town. Will use for all future events. Thank you Barbs!" We highly recommend them and will continue to use them again and again."  sue"" written on it. I had no idea that it would be so beautiful. White with very  pretty roses that had a hint of chocolate coloring on them and a band of chocolate on the bottom and chocolate writing. And it tasted delicious. Exactly what I wanted.. Moist and flavorful. I could not have been happier a"  and walnuts to make it absolute perfection! I will definitely be going to Barbs for any future cake needs in the future!"  and when i went to order they told me that orders were closed for the weekend (this was on tuesday) due to being short staffed and overbooked. i was very sad. i stopped in on saturday just to check (and get something else since it is all great) and they just so happened to have an extra pink champagne cake! i was so happy I can only imagine how the cakes  Barbs bakery is one of the first places I turn. They're donuts are not too cakey and not too soft. I always try to eat just one but find myself eating way more than I should. When ordering a cake for a special occasion I always call Barbs. I've always had great service and they're decorator is very talented. I always get tons of compliment from my guests whenever I use Barbs for special events .  They're red velvet is my favorite in the valley. I would recommend getting there early if you're looking to buy muffins These cookies are not the white sugar and flour cut out cookies you get from the bakery at the local supermarket. These sugar cookies are absolutely delicious! Colorful  you are making me fat and elevating my blood sugar. But I love you. Your pink champagne cupcakes vv1uvJRBUqi707TA5GuhCg I am so grateful for this place! It a great locally owned bakery with fresh baked goodies and they do cakes and special orders. Still one of my favorite's in the valley. They did some last minute sugar cookies for a baby shower for me. I think they turned out beautiful  tender and so much better than the mass produced cupcakes you find nowadays." vv1uvJRBUqi707TA5GuhCg I dont get how this place has so many great reviews. Customer service was terrible.  I stopped in to discuss a cake for my housewarming.  I arrived about 45 minutes before closing time but felt like i had completely inconvenienced the woman by stepping through the door.  She seemed completely uninterested in listening to my ideas.  I had the distinct feeling that she just wanted me to leave and quit bothering her.  trying to salvation an unpleasant experience i bought a couple of cupcakes to take home.  They certainly didnt make up for rest of it.  Absolutely nothing special.  price was absolutely not worth it. Would not recommend."  whatever). For cakes they have just the right amount of options for both cake flavor and icing types. You pay more The taramisu was to die for." "I used Barb's bakery to order a wedding cake and 2 dozen cupcakes 2 days before my brother's elopement style wedding & reception. The staff at Barb's were really helpful and accommodating! The cake was gorgeous and delicious. The cupcakes were delicious and were a huge hit! We had the pink champagne cupcakes and the chocolate peanut butter cupcakes & both were expertly decorated! The price was completely reasonable! Thank you We're going with the Pink Champagne cake and I will post a picture once we pick it up." Yummy! I needed a cake last minute for my mother-jn-law's birthday and stopped in to this wonderful place for the first time! I picked up a pink champagne cake and some sugar cookies!! The cake was WONDERFUL!! It was a big hit with everyone! The cookies were really good. Not typical frosted sugar cookies- SO much better!! I would highly recommend to anyone!!! If you need a cake at a reasonable price I buy them at my local AJs and we pay over 3 dollars a cookie - thats how good they are! I will have to stop into barbs and check it out(:" Barb's Bakery is a nice bakery. They have a good selection of goodies that everyone will love. I had a friend who had her wedding cake made here and it was beautiful.  which others have already talked about.  I'm assuming they own the building..."  it fed 44 people. The ""7"" was chocolate and the ""5"" was white with buttercream frosting.... Cake was moist  they only have 1/3 of it prepared.  He was told to come back in an hour for the rest.  I was curious how they would whip up 50 individual cheesecakes in 1 hour.  When we had out celebration that afternoon Only caution is to be careful with the AZ heat.  We took the cake to a park in March and it started to melt." Thank you Barb's Bakery you made our cake and Champagne reception perfect!" Do yourself a favor and have cake.......cake  was it ever OVER-THE-TOP good.  Undoubtedly the best carrot cake I have ever eaten. However My company had about 100 of her cupcakes delivered to a recent lunch. Not only were the gourmet cupcakes gorgeous and uniquely made....they were delicious. Everyone was asking where they were purchased from. I enjoyed the carrot cake one first and later a strawberry one. I will go here next time I'm in the market for cupcakes for sure. Better than trendy sprinkles hands down!!!!  ""Flanders Fields""....classiest thing I've seen in Phoenix in 5 years..." Called around looking for a pecan pie to no avail.  Called Barb's and it was no problem!  Very good pie and nothing left of the evidence!  We ate every bit of it!  Thank you Barb's Bakery!!  as Lisa was still saying some stuff to us as we left the store in front of other customers. I decided to return the cake and was treated SO rude and was yelled at by both Lisa and the owners cousin who had been left in charge while the owner was on vacation. I asked to look at the original receipt to make sure all my credit card information was removed  so for his birthday I was searching the Phoenix area for the best cakes and Barb's caught my eye. I ordered an 8"" round white cake with vanilla buttercream frosting. The cake was good! The decorating was a little off. I asked for light blue writing and they did a turquoise. Also they did a color scheme of blue and black on the side Try them out- you won't be dissapointed. Protip- AJ's sells Barb's iced sugar cookies First time I heard about this little bakery was about 10 years ago and have loved this place from the start. I've bought several birthday cakes and yummy treats over many years. I will always come back even tho it's a little bit of a drive. They have always made my cake visions come true. Absolutely beautiful every time. Delicious delicious delicious! Reasonably priced. There are plenty of bakeries to choose from in the Valley  I love the petit fours at Barb's!" I stopped in this weekend for the first time and loved the extensive selection of cupcakes that were very reasonably priced too!  I ended up with a pink champagne cupcake and loved every bite of it - moist cake and creamy icing...perfection! "We tried to place an order via email on a Monday for a cake to be ready the following Saturday. We called twice in the following days during business hours and they did not pick up. They were unresponsive and rude when they finally did respond. They wanted our credit card number before they would give us a quote. They did not respond until Thursday evening and then lied about it. Since we are working people I called a few days before my arrival into Phoenix and Barb's bakery had no hesitation in creating a last minute cake for my husbands birthday.  I highly recommend one to check them out. The cake was deliciously made! The only complaint I have is that I did not have them create an additional cake. Thumbs up!! "I ordered a cake for my sister's birthday. It was a spice cake with pumpkin mousse filling "I am so disappointed in this place. I went in to order a cake for my son's birthday and the lady who helped me was so nice! I had a difficult request but she said they could work with me to come up with something good. So I ordered the cake and sent them pictures but when I went back in I was ""helped"" by a really grumpy man who said he couldn't do anything I had asked for. He was totally uninterested in working something out so I cancelled the order  the staff there are friendly and remember who you are. I love a great family-owned business that knows what good customer services is but that also makes great products. They recognize me now "THE best place to get an almond bearclaw!!! Honey bran muffins are huge Went in to get six cupcakes. Pink champagne. Strawberry cheesecake. And carrot cake. So delicious! Was in and out quickly and the lady that helped me was very friendly. Honestly I only came to this place's page to see if anyone could possibly think of something negative to say. Because how could you?  or cupcakes....all products are great and I love their history in Phoenix.    Donuts too!" "I would barely even give this place 1 star. I came to this place because it was highly recommend. I came in early this week and placed and order for some cookies I would like to have for a graduation party. I went over with both the male and female at the front of what I wanted as well as emailed them a picture and description. Today I went in to get my cookies and they were very disorganized and needless to say they forgot a portion of my order "Great bakery. I have lived here for more than 30 years and had never heard of Barb's Bakery so when I made a wrong turn and saw the sign I just had to stop "I tasted her pink champagne and it was just okay. Not overly flavorful. But oh my... The cheesecake cupcake was tasty. The cake texture and even flavor is average for a bakery I don't know that the cake was overly moist or flavorful  you's have to drive a good distance and pay a lot more for better. This place is our favorite neighborhood pizzaria hands down. Amazing that the chains like Dominoe's can even survive in our neighborhood with Slice of Sicily here. Give it a try!" "What more can you ask for when you walk into this family run joint?  The food is great and there are tons of regulars that it almost feels like a mini version of ""Cheers"".  The white pizza is particularly fantastic!" I hope this review is beyond satisfactory to those who take this site way way way too seriously.  I tried to write a few more paragraphs Bring in your favorite bottle of wine and they'll provide the glasses." j0Uc-GuOe-x9_N_IK1KPpA  and it's definitely family owned!  We'll definitely keep going - mostly for convenience and value..."  my dad and I eat here. We order the same thing... pizza wraps. they are good and fillng. iced tea hits the spot. Typical strip mall pizza."  the food is not that great to put up with the mood of this place. This isn't like the soup Nazi from Seinfeld. Sometimes the place is open and sometimes it is not which makes for crappy business."  I have forsaken pizza chains due to the superb quality of the food at Slice of Sicily." "I will give S.o.S. a 4 star rating for now for two reasons. I have only tried two items from their menu. The pizza and the cheese calzone. Definitely a solid pizza and an awesome calzone. The only downside is that it is a little bit small and fills up quick. It's not a problem if you're doing carry out but if you're on your lunch break and want to sit down and enjoy your meal it can be difficult at times. They have great lunch specials and all the typical dishes that you will find at a basic Italian joint. Although I can't say for sure  a fascinating destination for a cheap pizza lunch and an interesting experience." Donna definitely enhanced my visit.  She was sassy towards my bro-in-law considering he was outnumbered by the women surrounding him.  I liked that and so did he.  She gives it to ya straight.  Donna and my Mom hit it off.  I hope they become friends." I can't comment on the rest of the menu as I've only ordered the Chicken Parm. Yeah and you are hooked..." Great New York style pizza. I got slices to go which is so convenient! This is def my new fave pizza place.  it can make or break the experience ). The crust and cheese all blend and don't compete for flavors. I gotta tell you I've never ate in but the pizza is always ready on time and I enjoy the hostess/waitress a lot in person. She's a firecracker."  you save a little money on drinks.  Simply the best of Phoenix." dud for me :/ maybe ill get a chance to try it when it's actually open"  relaxed atmosphere and good food. What more could you ask for. The owners made sure to greet us and came out to the table to check on everything. I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the Phoenix area looking for some great NY style pizza!" Great pizza. We've been searching for a reliable standby since we moved to Phoenix. It hit the spot. Better than the others in the neighborhood. Donna and Bill know how to keep us happy with the best pizza and calzones around.  You will always feel like you have stepped back east for lunch or dinner when you go there.  Casual and friendly atmosphere. "We prefer Pizza A Metro now. Tastes great and catches you way off guard. But we'll return on occasion to Slice of Sicily. They still have a fun place and solid food. They know our neighborhood Delicious food and abusive service. Best of NY. Woo Hoo. Food - Its good.  Although I'm not sure if they are cooking everything from their frozen state... I once had their chicken parmasean and it tasted that way.  I've also had their spaghetti and ravioli Of course it means we do not get to see Donna and Bill in person One of the best white pizzas I have ever had! I can't believe I waited so long to try this place out! I love the owners! So nice and funny. They hung out with us at our table and shot the shit for awhile. I've been meaning to go back but my only grip about this place is their hours. I usually don't get home from work in time to get here before closing! But I will have to make time and go back soon for this awesome local restaurant. The hostess/lady who took my order was very polite and created brief and pleasant small talk. I ordered 2 cheese slices to go and my food was given to me within 5 minutes. The price was reasonable. The pizza was in my opinion slightly above average. The restaurant itself wasn't the most charming and the location wasn't the greatest but not the worst either. But for quick take out it was ok. Giving it 3 stars.  and Donna is a hoot plus provides great service. ate lunch regularly there when i worked on 44th street." "Was looking for some pizza while in Phoenix for business. I stumbled on this little place an wow!! The service I have to tell you when I think of Italian food I think of Slice of Sicily. Two of my favorites are the baked ziti and the manicotti. I like to visit here at least two times a month. Donna the owner never meets a stranger and makes sure your needs are met while you are there. You may want to try the garlic twists they are delicious but they go out the door fast. Bill cooks up some great dishes and Donna keeps the dining experience fun and treats everyone like family. They have both been in the business for so many years and know what they are doing." I would not come back here. It was middling at best and a bit depressing."  I just need a second visit to confirm the experience."  add all your favorite meats and tasty morsals...you'll be walking away feeling like you really ate something special." I should have walked out as soon as she said she had to see if they had any slices left.  I still can't understand how they could look at those burned slices and still put them into a box for a customer.  Never again.  The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1 is because the other pizza I saw while waiting for mine to be ready looked so good.  If they don't care about serving me a decent slice then I won't waste my time or money on them.  Sucks because I live right up the street." Why a 4 instead of a 5?  No beer; one can BYOB but I prefer to buy on premises  but I'm more into good food than good aesthetics. It's got a bit of a NYer attitude "talk about a place that puts the love into their food and cares about their customers They handed me the bag... a thin one that you could feel the unbearable to touch heat right through the bag.  Could they at least have double bagged it?  That would've been customer service.... and the bread was in a brown bag.  By the time I returned home   salad came out quick we ended up leaving after waiting 30 minutes for the rest of the order  salad & wings are all great!!! I'm really impressed and don't know how I've always lived here and never knew this place was here with so much to offer. My new go to!"  loaded with herbs and olive oil - just the way I like my late night pizza. Great sauce  so there are only a couple pizzerias I go to that I consider to fall into that category. Slice of Sicily is definitely top notch." "I called to order delivery and this adorable raspy voiced lady kept me chatting while she pulled someone's pie out of the oven and boxed it.  I ordered the 18"" meat lovers pizza Food tasted as good as stuff from back east. Owner and server Dona seems to have an attitude but its a sweetheart and serves great food. Best pizza we've had in a long time I definitely would go back. Really good pizza and 2 slice lunch special. I've definitely had better around PHX but not by much. Best pizza in Phoenix!! This obscure family-owned restaurant makes the some of the best pizza that I've ever had. The crust isn't thin nor is it super thick-- it's between the too. The ambiance is casual and co-owner/wife Donna keeps the customers hydrated and engaged in the front portion of the restaurant while her husband prepares each meal individually in the kitchen. This hidden gem is located behind Bosa donuts. Highly recommend!!  salad and Donna are amazing!  They are not that expensive but they have the  BEST pizza out there!!  I am so glad we found this place.  We frequent this place for lunch as it's pretty close to work.  You can't go wrong here!"  the meats and all. The last time I got it well-done and I couldn't stop making this-food-is-amazing sounds. And it's family-owned - 'nuf said."  I drive here at least monthly for a fix."  because I felt the superiority vibe of the place and figured they don't need me or my dollars.  The only item they offer that is unique is the english muffins.  Sorry not enough in my book to bother with."  the fondant had several tears in it - and it didn't taste all that great either.  The buttercream was fairly flavorless and overly greasy.  This was served to a room full of pregnant or lactating women and no one finished the piece of cake on their plate."  Sprinkles is the place to go.  i have yet to have a ""bad"" cupcake there.  their ingredients seem to be of a much better quality and the cupcakes literally melt in your mouth.  won't be eating tammie coe cupcakes again!"  a glass of wine and a cigarette and looked like she had died and gone to heaven. I don't remember if this location is like a caf. I don't think so. But she has a location on Roosevelt and 7th St. in downtown Phoenix and that one I believe does. All great cities need great desert shops if you really want to impress someone special with a cake  Tammie Coe is just way to sweet for me. Their frosting is heavier and their is just something in their cupcakes that makes me wonder what is that? As much as my coworkers enjoy both Tammie Coe and Sprinkles  I have no complaints there... their breads really impressed. I can't remember which CenPho restaurant I had my first taste of MJ bread The cake really turned out perfectly (see my photos) and my son was THRILLED.  It was pretty large and we ate it for a week (and it was surprisingly still moist).  The price was reasonable  flavorful and beautiful to look at. I'm looking forward to getting more of her treats in the future." I love Tammie Coe Cakes  Tammie Coe's are great to take or have at a party....or even have LGO deliver to your car on your way home from work. :)" We order these cakes every time it's someone's birthday and we have been happy every time. They look amazing and they taste delicious. I've also had the cupcakes....yum! Be sure to try the coconut cupcakes...they are the best!  but worth every penny. I've yet to find a bakery in the valley that is as wonderful as Tammie's delicious goodies. I'm from back east and have had some of the most amazing baked goods you can buy. I would definitely rank these among the best. I almost forgot Coupled with access to MJ Breads  they are delicious.  Don't miss the coconut or the red velvet cupcakes!  The regular cakes are a little too sweet for my taste oh red velvet.... love. yum."  Tammie Coe does it right.  Simply put- right combination of cake and icing.  Love them.  Don't ask/worry about the price  you need to buy your cupcakes at La Grange Orange Grocery (or LGO as the locals call it).  The service there was wonderful.  They even let me pick whatever color ooey gooey I wanted.  That being said Their cakes are expensive but are high quality." I went online to investigate Tammie's operation and found that just one cupcake was $5. Unless you have a whole lot of of disposable income  right? Even to very high-end bakers with huge followings and even huger price tags....right? Fast forward a few years to my sister's bridal shower. Sister's having a destination wedding in Switzerland Tammie Coe did not deliver."  1 star for price...because I have to commit to a star rating  so they won.  In the end the cake looked amazing.  It was a surprise for my hubby but he went with me to pick it up.  He was surprised and loved the decor.  Tammie was there when we picked it up and she seemed genuinely happy that he liked it.  Staff helped me load it in my car.  My guests loved the decor and taste of the cake.  I got chocolate cake with chocolate fudge filling.  It was pretty good- $300 dollars good-? not so much.  I did get the chance on a separate occasion to taste the coconut cake; WOW!  Very good!"  but have only had items of hers from Whole Foods or AJs.  I saw the sign and suggested Friend no. 2 and I walk over. The minute friend #2 and I walked in Tammie Coe's we were welcomed with open arms. We enter only to see not the regular bakery atmosphere Special event?  Tammy creates amazing cakes.  I have ordered twice.  Good stuff. They also have GORGEOUS custom cakes. They really have fondant mastered"  especially the chocolate ones and the apple cinnamon cookie. The apple cookie has real apples in it! Do yourself a favor and find a way to try some of Tammy Coe's delicious treats!" I had the privilege of meeting Ms. Tammie Coe on Sunday while out with my husband just peeking in the store. She was lovely and so kind - sharing lots of little samplings of her delicious baked goods with me. While 9 months pregnant it was a true treat to enjoy a few of her tasty delights :) I've purchased her cakes and breads many times before but after meeting her I'm completely SOLD on supporting her local and passionate talent. Doesn't get much better." "Excellent breads and cookies.  Free samples tend to cause you to buy more than you planned.  The regular reason for the 20 mile trip back to this locations is the Fruit and Nut breads.  Raisin bread was the standard  fellas. Well played." "Having Tammie Coe & MJ Bread move into my neighborhood truly changed our day-to-day.  Though the cakes are pretty and I'm sure the baked goods are great too (they always have samples so you can find out) it is the MJ Bread that rocks our world.  We buy delicious whole grain bread from our local baker - have it sliced and the PB&J's are a beautiful kind of new!  We love the Ciabatta  delicious feta yogurt dressing. Their soda sizes vary from an extreme small size to a large size cup that looks like a take-out-won-ton soup container. They have a great selection of iced teas and lemonade that make for great Arnold Palmers. Whenever I'm in Phoenix  I came to learn that there were a handful of good sandwich spots around that provided an excellent alternative to fast or cafeteria food. Back in AZ Hello???  Hot firemen and good sandwiches??  Yum yum yummie."  kind of sloppy and made with sub-standard quality ingredients.  I would actually rather get a sandwich from subway.  And it it way too loud to sit inside this place.  I wish it was better then it is because I can literally walk here from my house.  The salads are pretty good.  I'll give them that."  maybe noisy for some but I'd rather be in a place that feels busy and alive than the only one eating my sandwich. My  favorties are the Improv and the Gothic (warm sandwich). All sandwiches comes with a little cookies which is always pleasant I find. Only negative and I'll admit to ignoring the suggestion is that there is a sign by the owners that ask those who have ""regular"" sized cups to not refill. Not very customer friendly I think. But Go to Opa Grill next door instead." The sandwiches and salads make up for it I'll be inventing those napkin mittens before I come back to this place again."  I usually run to Subway where I can get a meal for almost half the price of Sacks."  that's one stellar way to sum up Sack's. Just shrug. Go on. Do it now. Shoulders up. Shoulders down. Yep. That's exactly how I feel about this place."  which takes some of the freshness away. Exotic flavors of iced tea like mango and pineapple green are a plus too If you like BLT's with avocado you MUST try the Jazz it is delightful!" My only dislike about Sacks is that is can get pretty loud at lunch.  It's usually crowded between 12-12:30 so I try to go early or after 1 pm.  And don't forget "Great place to get a sandwich. Oh  sprouts and stuffing! Probably defeats the healthy factor of ordering a turkey sandwich in the first place but well worth it! They also have a great Thai noodles salad side (just $1). They are fast and efficient but super popular. So be warned if you are in a hurry call ahead and place your order."  the high ceiling and sealed concrete floor can make it difficult to have a conversation in there when they are busy unless you are lucky enough to get a seat in the alcove.  They need some wall hangings in the rafters or sommat." "This is the one shop that comes to my mind when I want a sandwich. Quite possibly my favorite lunch...the Jazz My sandwich was tasty. It was ready soon after I ordered it. Pretty good. I'd go again.  very tasty stuff. They have a large variety of sandwiches with quirky little names. Oh and they throw in a cookie! Give it a try I'm sure you will enjoy it and want to go back for more."  as it reminds me of all of those peaceful afternoons spent sleeping during my Art History class." Note - during the lunch hour it can get busy and loud. We like to order ahead and skip the line by hitting up the ""to go"" counter." S8R5c7-plWe3NtmijYAJvg nice atmosphere& the drawings & it's convenient because it's on campus(: Sorry to say this folks but I went by Sacks (Indian School & 48th St) today and it is GONE! I can't find any info about the closing online so am hoping that the other locations are still up and running... Really liked this place too! New location is on Indian School Wish I could give zero stars" Get the encore sandwich!! Make sure to get it with the yogurt sauce!!  AMAZING!! Love love love..this place.. I try to eat here 2 times a week.. The jimmy buffet salad and mushroom soup are to die for..  but I usually take my lunch to go because the tables fill up quickly around the lunch rush.  If you haven't already "This place is just what I've been looking for in AZ- an amazing sandwich place!  I went to sacks for the first time yesterday and LOVED IT.  I built my own sandwich which is always a plus.  Im too picky to order sandwichs that are off the menu.  Huge sandwichs for a very reasonable price.  My sandwich was only 6 something.  I wouldve paid 10.  (Sacks  and if you have the same initials they put on the chalkboard that day - you get a free sandwich! My lunch date had the opposite of what was posted (D.S. instead of S.D) and the cashier gave us both free drinks. Super cool." There is something special about this combination of flavors.  Get one.  I dare ya."  the front counter guy is totally rude. I didn't come for two years after my last visit because of him and now I'm back. To my horror  and the acoustics rather loud. The restroom is really cute but could use seat covers and sweep & mop. If your initials match the predetermined ones on the chalkboard near the front door your sandwiches free. Just don't bother joking with the staff about their own chalkboard. They'll have no idea what you're talking about nor the sense of humor The bread is seriously the cheap kind you can get at the store. It comes with a cookie which doesn't taste like anything special. Lots of people like it here and I can't say anything really...negative happened. I just won't be back."  I admit it is Monday but I think even if it was Friday  non planet friendly sandwich shop and would not recommend it."  not fresh or nice tasting at all.  Just really not a very good place and not very good sandwiches.  The thing that really earks me and inspired me to write the review is their cocky name Sacks ""Art of Sandwicherie"".  There is NO art going on here 79MhROSJ1U8KBCupx7imRg Someone in class suggested this place and it was such a let down. A large group of us went and many people liked their sandwiches but my turkey cranberry w/ stuffing sandwich was awful. The stuffing looked like dog food and it tasted like cardboard and fennel. The cranberry sauce tasted like it came from a can and there was nothing special about the bread. The upside is we got our orders fairly quickly and the atmosphere was alright for a quick lunch spot.  not boring or bland.  I seriously can't get over all the haters on here who say they can make their own sandwich at home for less - you totally should!  The prices here are about $6.29 for a large sized sandwich  and bacon on wheat. Perfection. The employees are really nice as well. I like that I can get in and out quickly at this location (compared to the downtown location). I just wish there was a Sack's closer to home!"  but they were out of noodles that day. Why didn't they just call it chicken soup? Weird. It was still good. Call ahead to place your order because the wait can be a little long during the lunch rush!" I love almost any of the sandwhiches. Some of my favorites include the Encore  but I do plan on using that in the future when I can't get away to pick up or eat there.  Glad to have yet another reliable lunch option in the hood!" Very reasonable pricing! We'll be back!!!!!" Unimpressed and disappointed. There is nothing to these sandwiches. There are so many other places to get better sandwiches. Will not be returning. Not recommended.  We will never order from there again and we have 350 people in our office." "I have been going to Sacks for 10 years.  I typically go at least once per week.  The quality of the food has gone down hill in the past year and the customer service is marginal at best.  I really want to give 4+ stars  a good place to just pick up a sandwich or eat a sandwich or salad there. Great meat and cheese and fillings "Love this place but their hours on yelp is wrong. They close at 3 but yelp says 4pm  I rolled the dice and was more than happy with our meal. Ingredients were fresh and flavorful. Our large order was ready in only fifteen minutes. Big thumbs up to Sack's A vast menu.  Bring your friends and visit often."  and sometimes it's one of their creative daily specials. I've never been disappointed. Fresh ingredients and fantastic flavor Staff is super efficient." Best sandwich in town. Fresh baked bread and delish cookies! Great atmosphere and nice servers :)  and it too was amazing. Would recommend to my friends!" "My favorite thing here is the cajun chicken caesar salad! They have one of my favorite caesar salads in town.  They also have great sandwiches.  I'm pretty sure I have never had anything I don't like.  It can get busy at lunchtime  and mushrooms is amazing.  Always a friendly staff.  I wish they had one in Chandler." Extra: they give you a cookie with every sandwich. Not like a normal cookie. Like a chocolate chip cookie that has been cooked by Jesus. It's heavenly." "We go for the salads a-lot. The chicken and tuna salads are great. Simple and hearty. They always give you plenty to eat and the greens are always fresh. Sannies are good too. Not quite the same as the Duck & Decanter """The Remington""..... can't stay away from it! The others I have tried are delicious too. PLUS Great place for a quick lunch! They have quality sandwiches and daily specials that are always tasty. I love the location but the parking can be a bit tight during peak lunch times. The service is great and so is the atmosphere. I definitely recommend this place for a lunch spot!"  family-owned and operated sandwich and salad locale it is the ONLY choice for the best lunch in Arcadia. I have been ordering the Symphony (sans mayo - just a personal choice) toasted  cream cheese and mayo on 12 grain bread. I have been going to Sacks with my family since I was a little girl and literally ate it AT LEAST once a week when I was in high school. Another one of my favorites is their Mixed Chicken Salad with balsamic dressing. It is FABULOUS! I always recommend Sacks to anyone who is in the neighborhood and looking for a great lunch spot!"  the prices were decent and the food was excellent. I had a Chicken Salad which was great "Nothing special about these sandwiches.  Good I've been going to Sacks for close to 18 years. Always a great sandwich! My favorite is the symphony! Clean am friendly too.. love the new location. 