 all the procedure rooms and area were very clean as well. The only area I had trouble with the staff was the imaging- I tend to twitch a lot due to my injury and they were getting a bit upset that I wasn't laying still- had to explain a couple of times why then it went better. All in all tho it was a good experience. If you use a hoyer lift I find them to be extremely unorganized and just an overall unfriendly. I feel like no one helps each other. I was told to come a half hour early so that I could fill out paperwork. I spent 20 minutes just sitting waiting for the paperwork to be given to me because the lady in front forgot about me. I will never come here again. "The facility and staff are great. I had a much better experience last year though. The lady who did my MRI was so patient and friendly. The only gripe I have is the wait time to get in. I waited almost 2 hours in the lobby to have my MRI. That was not the case the first time so I'm not going to BASH them for that now. I understand things happen Friendly and professional staff. I would absolutely recommend them for your next procedure. "I have been to Insight Imaging four times and have always been pleased with my experience. The staff is helpful and concerned about making my MRI procedure comfortable for me.   My recent appointment was scheduled for 9:30 AM to fill out paperwork with a 10 AM MRI scheduled. I arrived at 9:30 and the paperwork and financial matters were taken care of before 10 and I was called in for my MRI at 10:10  a.m.  prepared & professional. Would recommend this location at Biltmore to others"  I would recommend Desert Valley. The staff was polite and professional and made me an uncomfortable experience almost pleasant." My boyfriend was in extreme pain and the customer service was atrocious. The front desk women had passive aggressive attitudes and not only did we wait an hour and a half because they messed up his insurance billing but he missed his doctors appointment. Plus they didn't even give him his paperwork to fill out until we called the doctors ourselves to get the correct information which took half the time it did for them. Very unorganized and not recommended if you have any other plans for the day or want to be heard. "I went in for a simple Ultrasound (to see if I'm pregnant) lol.  I got there about 15min early to fill out paperwork (as directed).  After I turned in my paperwork I was immediately called in.  The procedure was quick - I was complimented in that I was a perfect specimen for training/school because I ""show well"".  Sweet!  I was told 48 hour turnaround for the read and delivery to my doctor.  I got my shirt back on and walked straight out the door."  I went and had the actual MRI done. The guy running the MRI machine was AWESOME and super nice. He made sure I was comfortable and would be able to lay in that position flatly. He also stated that since the shoulder joint is close to the lungs 