 I met a guy from my highschool there and we are best-o-friends still. (15yrs later) We were the only ones there that were not drunk  but in reality its just another stunt by the government to rob people of their money and time. Most everyone assigned to this program cant even afford it which puts them in a even worse situation. The goverment pulls this crap cuz they know they can and piss people off more which in turn makes most situations worse. For the people who can relate for getting in ""trouble"" for the smallest thing and have to at least pay $1 I went to a different facility where they are professional and where they test every few months at their expense."  no ticket and now I have to jump through hoops to avoid a class 6 felony on my record.  FUCK AZ AND FUCK TASC"  MBI.  However any lawyer will  tell you TASC can do no wrong in the courts eyes. Their ""non profit"" status I'm  guessing. But as I said I had .2 of weed in my car. ($5) my option was either be tried with a class 6 felony or do this and have NOTHING on my record. Either pay the government 1000$ and have no record or be a felon with a record. Totally makes sense right? Government corruption at it's worst.  they will refuse service to you. That includes people who were required to test by the courts  they completely botched it.  The lazy ""dr"" or evaluator (whatever credentials they have to fill out forms that could possibly ruin lives) well she just filled in the blanks on someone else's form instead of starting a new one.  So half the info on there was someone else's.  I'm a 30 yr old white female w no kids and have been sober for quite some time.  The eval said I was a pregnant black male for starters.  Not to mention a bunch of resent drug abuse that was not true. This got sent to a judge which assumed I was the incompetent one and had to pay for a second eval somewhere else outta state! Ok great people make mistakes.  All down hill from there.  Rude staff and years after I took the classes needed for probation they call and say they never set my completed classes to my po.  Which could put me prison.  So I had to come down and fill out release forms for something that should have been handled.  Very disappointing our lives are left in the hands of people who only care about the $ and not rehabilitation.  If they cared about the people they would t have said to me ""if I don't send you to any classes  it is no surprise that they have so many repeat offenders - this program is nothing more than a formality and complete joke. They do not care about your recovery This location is way better than the new location and 32nd St. and Greenway. 32nd St. and Greenway location is wide open there's no barrier between you and the person and there was a crackhead talking the whole time and I just cannot P this idiot talking so for privacy reasons this location is way better and is way more comfortable  all the procedure rooms and area were very clean as well. The only area I had trouble with the staff was the imaging- I tend to twitch a lot due to my injury and they were getting a bit upset that I wasn't laying still- had to explain a couple of times why then it went better. All in all tho it was a good experience. If you use a hoyer lift I find them to be extremely unorganized and just an overall unfriendly. I feel like no one helps each other. I was told to come a half hour early so that I could fill out paperwork. I spent 20 minutes just sitting waiting for the paperwork to be given to me because the lady in front forgot about me. I will never come here again. "The facility and staff are great. I had a much better experience last year though. The lady who did my MRI was so patient and friendly. The only gripe I have is the wait time to get in. I waited almost 2 hours in the lobby to have my MRI. That was not the case the first time so I'm not going to BASH them for that now. I understand things happen Friendly and professional staff. I would absolutely recommend them for your next procedure. "I have been to Insight Imaging four times and have always been pleased with my experience. The staff is helpful and concerned about making my MRI procedure comfortable for me.   My recent appointment was scheduled for 9:30 AM to fill out paperwork with a 10 AM MRI scheduled. I arrived at 9:30 and the paperwork and financial matters were taken care of before 10 and I was called in for my MRI at 10:10  a.m.  prepared & professional. Would recommend this location at Biltmore to others"  I would recommend Desert Valley. The staff was polite and professional and made me an uncomfortable experience almost pleasant." My boyfriend was in extreme pain and the customer service was atrocious. The front desk women had passive aggressive attitudes and not only did we wait an hour and a half because they messed up his insurance billing but he missed his doctors appointment. Plus they didn't even give him his paperwork to fill out until we called the doctors ourselves to get the correct information which took half the time it did for them. Very unorganized and not recommended if you have any other plans for the day or want to be heard. "I went in for a simple Ultrasound (to see if I'm pregnant) lol.  I got there about 15min early to fill out paperwork (as directed).  After I turned in my paperwork I was immediately called in.  The procedure was quick - I was complimented in that I was a perfect specimen for training/school because I ""show well"".  Sweet!  I was told 48 hour turnaround for the read and delivery to my doctor.  I got my shirt back on and walked straight out the door."  I went and had the actual MRI done. The guy running the MRI machine was AWESOME and super nice. He made sure I was comfortable and would be able to lay in that position flatly. He also stated that since the shoulder joint is close to the lungs  because you just had to stand in line and wait.  This new process is fantastic!"  and she will call you to collect your lab slip and insurance card (usually an hour or so later after you sign in). Then you have to wait another 15- 25 minutes before they will call you back. The waiting room is super small and being confined with sick people coughing for an hour and a half will bring out anyone's inner hypochondriac. Out of frustration  in and out very quickly!" Also not this office takes a lunch break from 1:00pm to 2:00pm so the office is closed at this time."  and they forward test results quickly to the requesting physician. They do take walk-ins as a courtesy but give priority to & do not delay the patients with scheduled appointments. Keep up the good work SQL." Apparently this location is invisible because we drove around for 15 minutes trying to find it including calling. When you're nervous about blood work I don't need to try and find a hidden lab. -1 star because their lobby is small and their lovely flat-screen tv only loops mind-numbing healthcare ""infomercials""."  not sure if that a good or a bad thing.  Anyways it was much better than the one I had from Sonora Quest who left a bruise my arm and scar that lasted 2 weeks. Bastard!" "I've only been here a couple of times and I'm not planning on going back due the the rudeness at the front desk.  Make an appointment Extremely understaffed and they don't give a crap if your a fasting diabetic. Any health care place should be caring this place doesn't give a crap wish there were other options plan on being there at leat an hour or two "So slow...  We waited an hour and a half.  The staff were lovely Had a severe reaction after a blood draw. Called customer service and was advised the supervisor of this location received the email from customer service representative and would call me. No call. I waited 2 hours and 15 minutes to get a blood draw today. This location is way understaffed considering the traffic it receives. This is the third time I've been there in 2 months and I've never seen it run efficiently. It is just too understaffed. 