It is a popular Denny's."  there is always a lot people and the waiters are nice; food portion is great as well!" If you want smth quick and it is late at night then i would say Denny's!"  (witching hours) you may see the cook singing and dancing along with the music in the back. And it is awesome! ! Love this place!!"  not very good.. but not really bad either. It's Denny's. When you walk into a Denny's.. you know exactly what you're getting into. Why the heck are you even reading reviews about a Denny's? That's like looking for reviews on an ice cream truck  good service too I have had several different dishes here and all have been excellent" "Chose Denny's for a very late (1:30pm) Sunday brunch. No wait. Quickly greeted and served. I ordered the half size of Moon Over My Hammy. It was just the right amount of food for me "I like the food at Denny's more than meals served at pricier restaurants. My favorite is the Bourbon Chicken Skillet. Even though it isn't advertised as being gluten-free  good food. Other Denny's pale in comparison to this location." Denny's has always been one of my favorite casual dining restaurants  while waitress flitted around...waited another 10 minutes and after 25 minutes of sitting there with the menu closed..I left. Coffee and water untouched. Waitress was too busy telling the customer in the next booth about her daughters almost wedding. Don't waste your time or money at this Denny's. Service is horrible and waitresses are the worst...food usually isn't great..but I can't speak for this visit...25 minutes and no one wanted to take my order. Ps...Kings had a great breakfast that day...service was great...only about 1.5 miles down the road." "Is it a Pittsburgh thing? Maybe so but that is no excuse for this crumby diner chain. The few times I have dined (if that's what you want to call it) at an E'nP I felt like committing Sepaku (Hari - Kiri). I never got sick from the food but more disgusted with myself for stooping to this level of gastronomy. Nothing really worthwhile on the menu (maybe a burger- how much can you mess that up?). My gut just tells me not to trust E 'N Ps.  No offense to truck drivers of America b c they keep supplies on our selves but It  reminds me of a truck stop restaurant without the truck drivers. I always seem to migrate to the salad bar and get weirded out for having to deal with the utensils that pick up the salad. So I wind up washing my hands after getting my salad stuff. The waterfront  E 'N P is perhaps the cleanest one I have been to but that's not saying much b c the patrons are kinda off. So an extra star for this location. But it's not like I would ever say to my friends in NY There are better places to eat for the same money." I will continue to return." Service has always been go at this location." Half an hour later the server decides to ask ""You gettin' dessert?"" We ordered slices of pie to go. My ""slice"" of strawberry pie was two strawberries and a few crumbs of crust. We went up front to pay to find one lady at the register (who seemed to be the sole adult employee) counting her drawer and nobody else in sight. We stood there and evil eyed her for a few minutes and she finally took a break from her conversation to say someone would be with us. A few more minutes and finally the girl who was our server rings us up. I asked for a different  I go to this restaurant. This area is great in the waterfront. It's so peaceful here. Pittsburgh is a beautiful city. Eat n Park has the best pie. I wish we have this at home. Their banana cream pie and their strawberry pie are my family's favorite. Their food is better than IHOP. They are so cheap. You can get a slice of pie for $3.  They have a variety of everything and they are clean. Their cheese fries  my ex roommate used to work here and I could tell you some stories but I don't want to freak you out." I can't justify giving more than 3 stars due to the fact that Eat 'n Park isn't exactly fine dining This is the best location of the best restaurant in the world. I visit Eat'n Park every chance I get when I come from out of town. I regularly have cravings for this place even after moving out of state years ago.  daaaaaaaamn slow.  It's always fun to see the staff smoking out back while I've waited an hour for some scrambled eggs."  the salad bar always looks fresh and the food is good  and I'm not even a big coffee drinker (more of a tea aficionado myself).   Another thing I dig about this place is even though they're very much a meat and potatoes diner  and the inside is absolutely beautiful.  There is also a playful statue of the famous smiley mascot for people to see and take pictures with it!  Kids love smiley and so do I!  They have so many great items on the menu to choose from that I have trouble deciding!" "This company represents a honest and caring company that cares about their community.  They operate a variety of businesses and restaurants including the Eat n Park locations Like I said getting fish from Eatn' Park is a toss up. In the end I got two nicely baked pieces of sole to replace the burnt ones  not all of them are created equal. The wait staff and kitchen staff really make a big difference in whether or not an Eat'n Park is worth patronizing.  Eating here  I'm not planning on returning to this location any time soon."  it arrived with dry burnt fries and ""toast"" that was not toasted at all.  The most egregious error was within the macaroni itself-- there was not a single drop of hot sauce in the dish whatsoever!  I waited about 15 more minutes until the server came back to tell her my dish was lacking a primary ingredient.  She asked if I wanted some hot sauce on the side to put on myself Fow what it is this eat n park really is a lot better then i remember. I also really like and approve of them offering healthier lower calorie option that have some variety and taste good. There were a few misses: French toast were disappointingly dry and hard and the buttery oniony noodles were undercooked. Other things looked good but we couldn't try it all: mini-waffles The waitress was very sweet and attentive and really attempted to build a rapport with our lil nephew which I thought was sweet."  but they have an amazing salad  soup bar that would put most other places to shame. Great fresh food  you can FEEL very negative vibes from them and see how inefficient they are with the way they do things. It's a hit and miss. Unless you know one of the servers and their schedules. The low rating is mainly for the slow service and the handful of staff members who aren't very pleasant."  but it is a place you can grab a nice meal at a good price." They make a nice breakfast for less than the tip form dinner the night before.  That's not bad!  so we've given this location the benefit of the doubt numerous times.  Each time hoping that the last was just a fluke Food is decent. Service is always hit or miss. Great for a quick family breakfast. Buffett for kids is free with an adult. Boom. This was not fast and easy HOWEVER- they did a great job making a slow experience by giving us free cookies and very nice service. My egg whites spinach omelette was excellent." Very good cheap food. Pittsburgh classic.Great desserts! The oreo pie is amazing! The servers are always very friendly. The salad bar could be a little more clean.  but c'mon it is a diner!! I have been going to Eat N Park ever since I was a little kid living in Pittsburgh.  12 years ago I moved to NJ and now I go to school at Pitt and it is still one of my favorite restaurants.  Whenever my family comes to visit I do not want to go to some fancy high end restaurant "God i hate eat n park. Only reason i have gone is for the salad bar because u cant find a decent salad bar in this city. Just about every entree iv had here is nothing more than rubbish  especially since it is basically next door to the home office.  There was no line or mad rush to get in here "What I love about ENP (aside from the Smiley Face cookies) is they have different things on the menu you don't find at Bob Evans and Cracker Barrel like vitamin water Eat n Park is the place for squiggly smiles."  but paying for that meal made me feel like I was being robbed.  A group of people at the table next to us walked out after waiting 10-15 minutes for a waitress to acknowledge them.  Even when a woman at the table asked our waitress if she could order drinks I've been a manager and a cook at two very busy restaurants in Oakland for over six years so I know what I'm talking about. I have never let anyone stand in a doorway like that  and I rediscovered the grilled stickies.  O M G!  I forgot how much those ooey gooey grilled sticky buns of gold could be the perfect ending to a healthy meal. ;)"  just catch her up as needed.  I think if you have 20 people at a table 2-3 staff members would make you more successful.  When we went to leave I bought a dozen of the sugar cookies.  The person at the counter didn't know how to ring them up and was quite rude when I asked for her to ring them up The waitress there are extremely rude .  On two occasions that I went there the same rudeness was there in 2 of the older wait staff.   Not sure what this is about..??  The first time a lady friend of mine did not order the Buffett and the watress tried to charge me..then proceeded to argue with me...lol..this morning.. another older last kept rolling her eyes at every quetion I had...lol...NEVER GO THERE AGAIN.. Good cheap food. Horrible service.  Had to wait 15 minutes before our waiter to even acknowledge us.  He then was really rude and never gave us napkins or forks. Our appetizers came out before our drinks. Didn't get any refills. Ashley was our waitress...FANTASTIC SERVICE!"  but other than that I had no issues. I'm not sure who cuts the pies though (whether they're already sliced or the waiter waitress does it quickly) "Decent. The food isn't anything to write home about about. Would go here if someone wanted to go We come here alot but i think thats based on location and price. Food and service are hit and miss. I love the soup and salad as does my daughter and she is free which is great. You can get the meal w the soup and salad and bring the meal home from filling up on the bar. I don't think I will come back to this location. The location on Streets Run Rd and Clairton Blvd is the exact opposite of this location. I will take my business there."  and don't get me started when I asked for the wine list. I enjoy a nice glass of red wine when I indulge myself in an all you can eat buffet. Trying to eat ""fresh"" pineapple with no wine just breaks my heart." "My experience was subpar at best the hostess didnt even offer to take our coats.  Our table was terrible we sat in an hard cusioned like material which hurt my bottom and when the ""waitress"" offered us water it did not taste like it was bottled in spain like we asked for in the beginning. Our evening then became even more nightmarish than one could ever hope for. We asked for the fresh tilapia stuffed with creme freshe and the waiter looked at us like we were foreigners something. So we had to settle for chicken fingers. And when i went to the restroom to pass those horrendous monstrosities of mutated chicken there wasnt even one of those bathroom people there to offer me a towel and their colourful company. i had to end up toweling myself with a blow dryer. I still tipped the blow dryer by inserting silver dollars into those slots. Overall you will never see me there again and i will take my business to Applebee's."  but the waitress was nice enough to bring more sauce. I never complain about the food because it is alway fresh. I do suggest it and would go there again and again!" Have been here two times after stopping at Mancini's Bakery. Have only had the Hamburger Cheese Bacon w  fries but huge portions and great price. Great Quality also. Server is really nice also. Will be eating here again. Heard the Breakfast items are also great. Saw the waffles and pancakes....were huge! r8BwdblCW-ZUES37BL0khw  but I will also recommend Marge's Place to anyone in the area.  It was a surprisingly good find.  I like places like neighborhood businesses like this where they make everyone feel like they belong."  great food at a reasonable price!  The cheeseburger was as big as my head and delicious and the onion rings were just as good.  Our waitress was friendly  and I felt like I was in a diner in the 1950s. Had a grilled cheese and fries - the food was good and everyone was friendly." Great small town breakfast spot Highly recommend George's Mixed Grill ... Delicious  that is until Saturday my brother asked me if I wanted to go to breakfast and I had to say yes (just posted on facebook that I wanted to go to breakfast and nobody wanted to go with me) Lets get to the review I am glad I said yes there homefries are awesome the eggs were just right. I would definitely go here again." I'm new to Pittsburgh so I wanted to try out all the local spots first and let me tell you... This spot is definitely worth a try! It's a cute diner with a lot of local charm. The prices are awesome and the food is even better! I had the cinnamon raisin french toast with the home fries and a coffee. All of it was really good. I'm not a complainer but I'm picky and honestly...I have nothing but good things to say about this place. I highly recommend you stop by and give it a try! You can thank me later. ;)  great prices. What more can you ask for in a small town breakfast place? Will definitely be back" Parking meters are 10 cents an hour." Take a trip to Stowe hunry."  It was perfect! This place is a gem and I can't wait to bring my mom and sister here next time they visit. The owners RJ and Kelly were super nice and even came to check on us to make sure everything was good. They are also in the process of remodeling to give it more of a 50's feel. If you're looking for a great little homey feeling diner with great food and affordable prices "My dad grew up in McKees Rocks so whenever we are back visiting relatives we stop at Mancini's. This is right down the street and we have never stopped here. What a pleasant surprise for The Rocks. Great breakfast specials  fantastic atmosphere... friendliest owners ever!! The VIKING'S Breakfast though WOW!!!! Highly recommend this place!!"  but Broadway Brunch completely nailed it! I'm so glad I found this little breakfast treasure trove and look forward to visiting again on my next trip to Pittsburgh."  coffee was great and our server was extremely sweet and polite. I believe this is going to be a once a week breakfast date spot for me and my girl." The atmosphere feels like an old school diner. Everyone is always so friendly even the other customers. The food is delish...I drive 25 miles one way to eat here and it's worth the trip every time!! Found this place on a Sunday looking for breakfast.   The food was fantastic and you get you get a decent sized portion.    Very inexpensive for what you are getting.  I've been back since my initial visit and the food was just as good.  The staff is very friendly and welcoming.  Would highly recommend.  the wait staff friendly and fast and the prices were reasonable.  Unfortunately the food wasn't very good. I was served over cooked eggs with raw bacon and the biscuits were stale.  I don't know if there was an inexperinced cook or just bad luck  good people and a cozy atmosphere. Love this place so much!"  charm...all-in-one place! Home cooking...you will not be disappointed." Ask for Tim for your waiter!"  so be prepared to just try one and come back again to try the other stuff!  The smoked salmon appetizer was good although with too much mayonnaise sauce and for me  which is really good when many of their wines are priced at over $10 per glass.  The hostess was very nice and professional even though she was young taking our names as we went to the bar for a drink and then anticipating our return with two menus in hand.  The server was a nice enough guy and helpful when it came time for our dinner selection.  We ordered a bottle of conundrum which is a delicious choice and I guess in line with what others charge.  We were started with an olive tepenade (sp?) and some crusty toasted thinly sliced ciabatta I think.  The tepenade was too oily and salty for me "As the reviews of Casbah appear to be particularly long-winded ... the place is nice "The food here is pretty good.  Comparable to any 3 to 3.5 star restaurant.  The lamb is definitely good.  And it is definitely a good date restaurant.  I would rather give it 3.5 stars since I've definitely eaten at better restaurants. But for Pittsburgh  now I'll know to make time the next time I go. Which is for dinner for a friends birthday. So excited!!" Service was great and the waiter even went out of his way to answer a couple questions about the cheese selection."  I expected more but it was good nonetheless."  but the food made my rating drop from five stars (probably a little generous) to three stars. Definitely go for brunch! But it's not worth the money for dinner. Mediocre food in a nice atmosphere with good service is still mediocre food..." Not sure why I'm not giving this place five stars.  I really enjoyed it  for that you'll want to go down the road to Soba.  If you want a nice place to have a drink and a conversation Decor is subtle and great for a date. Service was friendly and accommodating.  I will most definitely return!" "Great great for parties and celebrations of all kinds.  The wait staff is extremely knowledgeable of the menu and the wine list.  The Food is creative and many of the items are organic or locally grown.  Everything is so fresh and pretty  the wine list was good and the prices were reasonable relative to the food.  Get the cheese course for dessert and you'll go home happy."  it is suitable for children.  Casbah has a semi outdoor seating area that is enclosed and heated even in winter.  My wife and I have often dined here with our kids.  This semi outdoor area is a bit more casual and absorbs the sounds of loud children fairly well.  You can bring kids without suffering the disdain of any but the most obnoxious of fellow diners." Now I just need to make plans to go back for dinner."  I had the best pork chop I've ever had here and for that I was endlessly thankful. Good salad  which seems a bit steep.  But it was a nice restaurant and a really nice atmosphere.  The patio was lovely.  I will definitely be back So pay no mind to others' taxonomy quip and give this place a whirl. It's a great date or small group place. Oh  and biscuit with honey butter from the bread basket.  Service was pretty good even though the restaurant was fairly busy.  Reservations available through Open Table.  This is definitely a special occasion brunch  Casbah is still going strong 15 years later. Today's lunch was a wonderful mac and cheese with braised lamb; my dining companion enjoyed the corn risotto with shitake mushrooms and a side heirloom tomato salad. They use the best fresh local ingredients to craft some of the most delectable  AND they take reservations.  Sometimes I don't mind waiting the half hour it takes to get seats at some restaurants (Point Brugge  and a voucher will come in the mail! It was a blissful discovery for a pair of graduate students."  but nothing about my meal was spectacular either.   It looks like maybe I should have tried brunch.  We shall see if I'm willing to give Casbah another chance...." If this was some little bistro where I was paying $20-25 for dinner (no drinks) I wouldn't be so picky but some of my meals have been north of $40 and for that amount of money I expect a little more attention to detail."  without being intrusive. I asked his opinion on the French Malbec and he gave me his honest opinion  I highlight this because this was their charity dinner.  That they made NO money off of.  An area where they could skim on quality - but no - it was amazing.  Reaffirmed my belief that this is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh." Service was a little hit or miss the evening I was there.  Part of that may be because we were a large group and the restaurant was rather busy.  However  we got a Three Sisters Farms mesclun greens and smoked salmon and truffled potato cake.  Very good.  For entrees we selected a jumbo lump crab & tomato omelet and the NY strip steak.  Very relaxing and tasty meal." **Update: I recently saw a full size bottle of the Gruet on a restaurant menu for $30; Casbah  and it was a great experience.  Charming outside dining area with excellent service and a knowledgeable staff.  I will say that the food was a bit overpriced  and I think we preferred our experience at Soba to Casbah. While our food was really good It was a great brunch and i was stuffed by the end. This place was courteous and the waitress was attentive but not overbearing. We had a great time here and it's just a nice place to relax." Settling the bill via credit card no tip was left because no tip was deserved - in reality Amanda may have actually be the worst server I've encountered at a fine dining establishment in the last 2 years.  I will note that when I wrote to Big Burrito was met by a (seemingly) sincere apology without excuses - the Manager stated things don't' normally happen like that and he'd be sure the issue was addressed.  He closed with ""I hope you will join us again."" I will not."  but worth it for a special occasion."  I recommend sitting out on the patio in summer.  The only negative things I can say about Casbah is the high price for relatively little food and the misleading name (I expected more of a Middle Eastern menu and vibe)." Casbah is great for a special occasion or if you feel like splurging. The atmosphere is very nice and the food is fantastic. The beer selection is above average.  entrees and dessert).  I'll definitely keep Casbah in mind for special occasions in the future.  It's classy without being pretentious or stuffy."  and the more professional service I had on my first visit here is closer to the norm.  I'd feel leery  but Casbah is great for a more formal gathering or date night."  nice atmosphere. I'll definitely be back. NYC prices"  but the atmosphere and kind service made up for the lackluster cheese.  The bacon and potato fingerlings were absolutely amazing!  I will definitely be returning for brunch!"  and great service that is there when you need them  but the great service from our waitress really pushed this to a 4 star rating.  I had hoped to be a little more wowed by the food.  But this experience was definitely positive enough to warrant a second visit for dinner.  I think it'd be a nice place to go for a special occasion  but worth it if you want something better than a typical chain."  worthy of 4 stars. It gradually went down to 3 stars. The wine selection is good. But the food is definitely hit or miss. Once I had a halibut that smelled like the ocean. It was not well cooked or fresh  one of my favorite restaurants outside downtown Pitt.  The best places around Pitt are the bars or bar restaurants (some of the best in the country IMO).  But if you're looking for a straight-up classy place to eat  I'm glad that we gave Casbah another try. I wish that they would go back to offering all of their pastas in both entree and appetizer sizes  she was in a hurry to get us out the door. I am completely dissatisfied with the service and will not go back to this restaurant simply because of it."  so we asked for a table inside...20 minutes later we were inside which had a much better vibe. I started with the Blue Bay Mussels which were truly the best I have ever had  but I'm not sure I would make it a regular brunch or dinner spot."  pleasant and a good place for conversation."  we were seated in the dungeon-like basement dining room. I asked for tables upstairs in the daylight but there was allegedly no way to accommodate my request. Worst part about the basement is the thumping from the sub-woofer located above -- really ridiculous. Service was fine. Timing of drinks and first brunch course were acceptable given it was a busy day  I just wasn't very impressed with the food.  If I was offered to eat this food for free  a bunch of ""Sallies"" and one ""Harry"" if you know what I mean."  but don't expect to have the meal of your lifetime."  and the polenta was delicious albeit there wasn't much of it there.  We each then had the heirloom tomato salad which was tasteless.  I grow heirlooms and know the intense and wonderful flavor they should have. These tasted like a grocery store tomato bought in December.  Very disappointing.  I opted for the cavatelli entree which was not prepared as described on the menu.  It was swimming in tomato sauce and overall was very bland.  Another disappointment.  My husband had the pork chop which wasn't bad but certainly didn't leave us wanting to return here for the food.  All this said  the place was empty except for a woman who had just gotten there too which was nice because a friend had warned me that the place gets crazy. We sat outside and atmosphere was cozy under the tent with the warm colors of the decor. Our waitress was incredibly friendly and presented us with the menus. I think it is great they have a prix fixe brunch - 1 alchy or nonalchy drink  the drinks are wonderful (I am a sucker for good Sangria - and Casbah's is wonderufl) and the service is outstanding (our servers are always friendly  and my experience definitely lived up to the hype.  I don't know how a place owned by a company called Big Burrito Group churns out such outstanding Mediterranean fare  see if maybe I'll have a little better luck.  So kick it up a notch Casbah "Out of towners that happened to stumble upon this gem. Thanks I'd like to go back here for a happy hour when it's warm so I can enjoy the covered patio though and a nice glass of wine!"  large chunks of crab.  No overkill on the sauce.  The soup was likewise good.  I don't understand how the two restaurants could possibly be related given the night and day of my food experience!  The wine I would recommend this if you enjoy European food in general." "You know what's good? Tomato-basil soup with cream in it.  And even better? Finding a way to eat on the patio in January. Where the dining room at Casbah is intimate and warm  great wine. Very yummy." This place was recommended by an employee at Evolve spa across the street and I was very happy with the restaurant. The Salmon appetizer was delicious as was the gnocchi meal. I will definitely go back to this restaurant when I visit the area. Food phenomenal! Service can be hit or miss. Would not recommend to anyone. Enough other good restaurants in Pittsburgh to go to. They have to have paid their way into magazines rating them highly!" "Ate lunch at Casbah for the first time. Tried the Piccolo Gusto: $15 gets you a small choice of salad nice salads - not a fan of the cuisine - nothing against casbah" Service was attentive and the setting nice."  but their food quality doesn't match the price tag." The rest of the entrees were good and I would go back.  But probably with lowered expectations." Will I go back? Someday - but I think I may try Soba or Kaya first." I'd definitely return for the food and service." and service keep me coming back.the chef at casbah always comes thru with any special requests i always have no matter how busy the kitchen is. it makes the dining a great one.thank you chef.the bartenders  and where do they come from? Want to blow that kind of money? Get out your check book and let me give you my address!"  a very pleasant experience.  Good atmosphere.  Our waitress was very friendly.  The place was busy and had a nice vibe to it.  Unfortunately "Hard to remember another restaurant that hit home runs from start to finish.  Yinzes say it's pricey but I disagree Try the Short Rib Ravioli" "Service is a little slow but overall the best food I've had in Pittsburgh so far. If you're a seafood fan  hopefully to try the different brunch and dinner menus!" If you are looking for a place to enjoy good wine  we got to use two $10 off coupons and I would highly recommend it to anyone. However  I got the granola and berries and my friend got the creamy polenta. Both were great options! The granola did not taste like anything you get in a box- could definitely tell it was made in-house. The creamy polenta was so different and delicious- will get that next time I go back. Was pretty full by this point but that didn't stop me from completing my  main course! I got the Casbah Benedict with Smoked Salmon and my friend has the Tuscan Eggs. We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals and were stuffed by the end!"  though it definitely could have used some better quality olives (these were bottled with the red pepper on the inside used on salads).  I will definitely be back to try the food  usually when I go somewhere else I wind up regretting that I didn't just go to Casbah. Every dish I've had has been excellent; some favorites are the sheep's milk gnudi  Chocolate Cheesecake and Dark Chocolate Raspberry Bread Pudding. I decided to try the Pumpkin Bread with Butter Rum Sauce and Cream Cheese Ice Cream.  The cake was light and tasty and the ice cream and sauce were excellent."  and a bit far from the bar for a shorty like me; my feet don't reach the foot bar on the chair either  but it's clear to see that they have a loyal following."  I debated giving the restaurant five stars... but decided to wait until I returned a second time. And I can't wait to return!"  but don't order an additional mimosa from the deal - they are $8 a piece which is a bit steep." "It's a little pricier than most places in the area but the quality and ambiance is well worth it.    The food was really good and the drinks were relatively reasonably priced for the surroundings  polite to the point of almost sappy attitude on the part of the waiters) and it can be a little bit annoying even. However The potatoes were perfectly cooked and the fruit was tasty as well.  Had the bellini and didn't realize how I much I would enjoy it so I had two!" Great food  had a assortment. Of things and all prepared  excellent. The service  very helpful on telling you the menu.   Will go back again I can't believe all the high reviews.  Either you work for Big Burrito or it's amateur hour.  The food tasted terrible.  It was bland and over-salted and reminded me of the Olive Garden.  If you like Casbah more power to you but for me never again.  and the mixed olives. The babagonoush hummus was delicious I had a winter fizz drink which was prosecco  with cranberry and mint nice flavor and perfect before dinner drink I had the cioppiano which was one of the best meals I have had in a long time. The sour dough bread was soooooo good. Most everyone else ordered pasta dishes and thought them very good. We opted not to have dessert there but they did bring salted Carmels to the table with the check so if they were any prediction of the desserts they are EXCELLENT. Great place to dine - I will return. And the complimentary valet parking was nice as well - didn't have to search for a place to park and the valet were super nice. I should mention our waitress was also super nice and very accomodating to our larger party."  everyone there dresses up pretty formally. I am not talking about suits and ties  there are certainly much better restaurants in the city. I would rank Casbah below Eleven within the Big Burrito group of restaurants."  I called ahead and was assured that they had vegan versions of a couple of pasta dishes.  Server was very cooperative and said she would instruct the kitchen to omit the meat and  increase the veggies on their cavatelli.   Well  get a coupon or a Groupon; I went with someone who was using a birthday gift card Will definitely be back." It is worth reserving a spot on the patio to get the full experience." Sunday brunched here. Food and service were excellent.  but it's always full of great options and the quality and preparation of the food is always top notch. The service doesn't disappoint either. I'm always amazed that they can nail it (food and service) every single time without fail. The bar area is a great place for drinks or dinner as well. Fiona behind the bar is always welcoming and fun and is perhaps one of the best bartenders in the city. It's also one of only a handful of good restaurants in the city that is open on Sundays. Now if only they would replace the swivel bar stools that are bolted to the ground and make it challenging for some (especially smaller women) to dine while sitting at the bar or for couples to sit as close to one another as they'd prefer."  so I'll give them a pass assuming it was just bad timing and an issue where the server was too embarrassed to do anything." A delicious menu with a twist. Unique wine list too!  the restaurant itself was nice and the food interesting though a little on the pricey side. Service started out great but for some reason our entrees took forever and our waiter more or less abandoned us. If I'm spending a $150 on dinner for 2 I expect some sort of explanation on why we are having to wait 45 minutes plus between our appetizer and the entrees. At a minimum  so it worked out fine. When we went for brunch it was quite crowded and we had to wait a while before getting seats at the bar. The food is really fantastic though and there are good vegetarian options. It's pricey Very enjoyable menu n staff. The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again in the future.  Both my cocktail and my meal were really good and I would actually consider this to be one of the best meals that I have eaten in a little while." Love Casbah.  Been going there for years and have never had a less than great meal and service.  OF course their signature lamb is to die for (with the Stag's Leap Petite Syrah).  What can I say -- the cheese plate is great.  Everything is well-prepared and the service is among the best in the -burgh. Very good food and another great place for happy hour. Highly recommended. You won't be disappointed.  it is probably the best in Pittsburgh.  The Arugula Salad is delicious.  So is the Alaskan Halibut.  You really can't go wrong with Casbah." Would definitley go back for a meal." I really feel like has bought is highly underrated and you'd best get your arse over here to dying. They have a brunch which I hear is amazing and I can't wait to try it out." "I am so happy they got rid of those awful bar stools!!!   We often choose not to walk in to Casbah without a reservation because the bar area was historically uncomfortable.  They have traded out the old stools that were screwed in to the floor  this is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. I plan on trying it for brunch or lunch sometime soon." We were disappointed to learn that they took the macaroons off the menu. They were my husband's favorite dessert. We didn't try any of the desserts this time because we were stuffed but I'm sure they're excellent!"  as was the tomato basil soup. The waiter was attentive and happily allowed for a substitution on my salad so I could try one of the raw milk cheeses from their cheese sampler. The grilled chicken breast on my salad was a bit more dry and hard than I like All in all it was a delicious meal and a really nice environment.  And worth the money."  try the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding for dessert. You won't be disappointed!" Thanks for making me feel at home." "My absolutely favorite dish is the potato gnocchi. Just amazing! Service is fantastic I couldn't have asked for a better birthday dinner!" Great atmosphere and food experience.  What else can you ask for?  Went here 2 weeks ago for the first time and totally enjoyed it.  Pretty good wine list too!  but I'd still consider it once of the best values in the city  because you get so much for your money.  I'd trust Casbah to celebrate any special event with a flawless dining experience." 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A  so be prepared to need a wheel barrel to get yourself out the door!"  salty and overrated!!! Why this place is so popular I will never understand."  food perfect for all four of us and again service was excellent."  my delicious birthday dinner ended with the Dark Chocolate-Raspberry Bread Pudding. I love ordering bread pudding at restaurants 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A  get a Manhattan.  Your QOL will improve greatly!"  an appetizer  and then your meal. The coffee was really good and the mimosas were strong. We sat outside on the patio and it was just beautiful. A perfect retreat from the snowy outside that morning. Definitely go!" "Thursday night January 30. Excellent service and excellent meal. Very crowded when we went. Glad we had reservations on open table. My wife had scallops  I feel that this is one of the most overpriced restaurants in the entire city. The food is average to good P.S. Bring your coat into the restroom. It was about 10 below in there. Brrr!" We felt the prices were a bargain for all we got. $56"  but I would have dinner just to try those little candies they offer at the end of meal at dinnertime again - they are a cross between maple sugar and caramel  which was very good. For entrees she ordered the Halibut and I had the Red Pepper Casereccia. This was seared sea scollops with a red pepper pasta. This entree made my list of favorite dish ever eaten. It was so delicious. I cannot wait to have it again!" Valet parking is complimentary; please tip your driver!"  even by London or New York standards ?!?!?!  The Nietto malbec in the $40 range was voluptuous.  But doe many of the wines are i the $70-$150 range!" "Just got back (after looking for a taxi in this 3rd world city - but that's for another review) We liked the atmo.  Liked eating ""under the outdoor extension"" under the well working heaters- it is fun and really makes it feel like a more unique dining experience.  OK now on to the food. We started with a Spanish grilled octopus - it was delicious - charred grilled taste Casbah has definitely become a restaurant that I can come to for special events. Their food and service impressed me again tonight even more than they did last time; add in the fact that they use local ingredients whenever possible and always have something new to try with the changing seasons  although the service was awful when I went.  Highly recommend the veal and pork meatball appetizer  I would recommend Casbah to everyone noting their brunch was fabulous! The valet (even though the need for valet is questionable) and wait staff were super nice Had dinner tonight at the bar.  My sister and I wore sweatpants and flip flops... Nobody treated us differently .. The brought out bread with butter and a second butter made from goat milk.. I liked it .. My sister said it reminded her of cream cheese.. We shared the calamari ... It was good... I had the halibut... It was good accompanied with a salad.. My sister had the duck.. I didn't like the duck that much but I am not a big fan of duck to begin with .. We each had wine ... I had the falanghina .. It was perfect.. We shared a bread pudding for dessert.. It was the first time I ever had bread pudding... It like it .. It is a nice quiet restaurant with ample seating both inside and outside...  I ordered the Braised Lamb & Eggs as my main based on friends' recommendations. It's honestly to die for. Rich and flavorful in the best way The patio is lovely!  We had a wonderful time!" The dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding is worth unbuttoning your pants for...and if you like dessert wines I would go back to Casbah at the drop of a hat but I was not completely floored or blown away by any dish."  finishing with the Chocolate S'More Cake. Great experience especially the service. Robert was spot on! I'll be dreaming about this in the future."  he is great! Ashley the bartender is also very nice! The food was amazing. I had the Duck it melted in my mouth. The short rib raviolis are also amazing. The muscle appetizer is a nice size for the price. You get about a pound of muscles for 12$. I will definitely be back. They make you feel special and welcomed." Waiter said he lived in many parts of the country and this was the best duck he's ever had and he was right. Only downfall is I didn't save room for s'mores dessert!" This place isn't in my price range but on special occasions the food is actually worth the extra money. I didn't know food could taste so good. :-)  I enjoyed the overall experience there in terms of service "Delicious Sunday brunch at $28 includes a cocktail  the food at Casbah is exceptional. They change their menu based on what is in season. Here's a tip: if you sign up for the Big Burrito emails (the parent company of Casbah at https:  secure.bigburrito.com Register.aspx) I do love Casbah alot.  It is probably my second favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh."  but it was also different and therefore interesting and enjoyable."  I even licked clean the small homemade butter that they serve with the bread. Definitely will try out this place again!" And the complementary salted caramels presented with the check were also amazing! I definitely need to come back again to try more of the menu... I think only wonderful items could possibly come out of that kitchen!" This place is pretty expensive and based on the food I wouldn't go back for that price."  of course I said let's get a bottle of red. We explained to our server what white varietals I enjoy and she suggested a bottle (which has also slipped my mind being months ago that we were there)that was perfect-both of us enjoyed it. We started off with the papardelle. The rabbit was delicious and it was perfectly seasoned  their wine menu is ridiculously overpriced...call up to find out their current corking fee (I think around $15 bucks) and bring a better bottle at a better price than you are willing to spend there." "We had a reservation for Saturday night dinner and arrived timely.  THREE times over 20 minutes the hostess told us they were setting our table.  There were 3 or 4 empty tables we could see as we waited  and the lemon sponge cake. Each bite was perfect -- flavorful and expertly cooked. The waiter was friendly and knowledgable. We left feeling full and happy."  but that is just a start. The short rib ravioli is to die for. It is really hard to narrow it down .... Treat yourself to a sumptuous lunch in a beautiful restaurant with great service.  PS: you must have bread!" Please please please bring it back!!"  and it has just been too inconsistent for my taste. No thanks Casbah!" A nice surprise here are the great happy hour specials at the bar.  Try the Boyd & Blair cocktail and the sangria." "Let me say that my five stars are based primarily on the calamari appetizer ... it is SOOO good! The squid was very lightly battered and fried so briefly that it was tender and delicious. Seriously  and the service was what I've come to expect at a higher-end restaurant.  I'd particularly recommend getting on the Big Burrito mailing list to receive a $30 birthday voucher and $10 off coupons for the holidays  and the meal was so salty that we could barely begin to eat it.  That meal was comped and I figured it was an off day.  We went back about a month later for dinner 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A  I love Casbah. I'm a student so it's a little expensive for me. But I go every chance I get. Look out for Big Burrito coupons!"  but the main courses left a lot to be desired in terms of seasoning.  The texture of the short rib in the ravioli wasn't quite right "Great place for so many occasions. My husband took me on our first date here for a very intimate night out (I definitely was impressed).  He took me back for a surprise birthday party in their downstairs area. The food is always out of this world. I have said to my self on multiple occasions (while reading the menu) ""i'm not sure what some of these ingredients are but Casbah never disappoints"" and they never have!! I can't wait to live in Pittsburgh again We had a couple of great beers and just enjoyed the excellent music soundtrack before we moved on to our next designation. I hope to come back here sometime in the future and actually have...a meal. I like this funkier part of town." "I don't know of any place that comes to close to the quality of Mediterranean food offered at Casbah.  They have a daily menu that combines unique ingredients into a great blend.  My favorites on their menu are their spinach casareccia (which I customize with tuna steak instead of chicken) and their gnocchi (in that order).  They are open to customizing their menu so if you want half and half of each dish  but on this particularly occasion I had the arugula salad to begin with which was delicious and my friend had the butternut squash soup which she really enjoyed.  We both ordered the the Scottish Salmon which was so delicious and tender that it literally melted in my mouth.  The house-made pastas are always a great option if as is the duck or the lamb which I've had both on a few occasions.  Their wine list is always spectacular - on this visit I had a glass of the Riesling from Urban  my husband and I were seated at a horrible table right next to the hallway that leads to the kitchen and bathrooms. There was a constant stream of distractions. Service was also really slow and my sea bass was bland. I expected better from Casbah..."  but I felt the stand out option was the port wine flight for desert."  even with the lure of 2 for 1 entrees around our birthdays - the food just isn't that good even discounting the service. I'm sure they will continue to do well with a certain crowd  though I think the pork chops are the best. My pasta was very good - great savory and flavorful sauce. Portions were large too. If you're in town and need a solid place to go 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A "This is my absolute favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh; I've never been disappointed after dining at Casbah! We received a gift card and enjoyed a fabulous dinner starting with the mussels appetizer in a tomato based sauce.  Yum!  And then I had lamb loin with sweet potatoes and brussel spouts and cherry sauce.  What a beautiful presentation and taste.  My husband had the pasta with scallops and crabmeat.  He was equally pleased with his dish. We really liked the wine selection too!  We had cappuccino for our dessert  even though it's quite large inside. The wait staff is helpful without being in the way; one of my least favorite things is having a waiter or waitress ask me within seconds of getting my food how everything is (give me a few minutes to actually eat it  because they sear it to perfection. The chef actually made up their own side for my dish because I was allergic to the one on the menu. I received delicious crispy potatoes and sauteed arugula. Fantastic touch! They have a great wine list Once they work on their service Casbah could easily be 5 stars. Maybe next time!"  not chewy or gummy. They were accompanied with sweet potatoes and onions and usually sausage- I asked the waiter for no sausage as I'm not a meat eater. All in all a great experience and we will definitely be back!" Side note - the takeout packaging is awesome. High quality microwaveable reusable plasticware!"  which are two of the most important things to me when evaluating a nice restaurant in Pittsburgh. The food is fine I'm so disappointed. I hope I can go back there again. I would hate to lose this place!"  my only complaint was that they didn't take temps on the pork. We would've loved it medium but they cook it med well or so  it was fine.  The food was actually better than I make it sound; it just didn't hit the expectations everyone had set for me.  The hungry girl me will always require more than one slice of sugar bread.  Curiosity of dinner with reservations might bring me back if I don't want to make the trek elsewhere with February arctic conditions again  really satisfied with the brunch we had. The outdoor seating was beautiful  but I'm not drooling as I think back to the meal. I'm not sure I'll go back because there are other places to try and the price point makes it somewhere I wouldn't just go to on a normal day." "My introduction as a youth (dating back AWAYS) to gourmet and class.  15 years later Now I'm excited to try other meals here again!"  the dish would be disappointing. Then came out desserts: the vanilla bean creme brle and the chocolate de creme. Omg I can't even find a word to describe how good they are! The creme brle is so much better than the one I had in Joseph Temberllini. I am totally blown away by the rich taste of vanilla and eggs. The chocolate de creme is perfect  but really it was disappointing. After that unsettling duck main dish I'm new to the area and have found parking a challenge  and meat dishes and not a single one has ever disappointed.  The aspect of Casbah that I feel sets it apart from even the other Big Burrito restaurants is its quality of service.  They are extremely polite  braised short rib ravioli and pappardelle - all fantastic. Would come back again if in the area!" Everything was great! The only problem I had was that there was just not enough food. Quick business trip to Pittsburgh. Thanks to you Yelp I found Casbah. Duck entree was to die for. Service is top quality. Highly recommended! Thanks Yelp! Thanks Casbah!  but you can still order from a small menu at the bar. They were very friendly and accommodating. We tried the scallops and flatbread with hummus baba ghanoush red pepper muhummara The service was also extremely slow. 20 minutes to get our bread and 50 to get our appetizers." Pasta fest should be called deception fest. We got an email inviting us to come to pasta fest thinking it would be regular portions at a discounted price. WRONG it was smaller portions at a higher price. I never felt so ripped off. $15 for one meatball and three bites of pasta. The server warned us about the small portion but wow . You got me this time but never again.  the food was perfect... now I see what the fuss is all about. This might be one of my new ""special occasion"" spots-  and we are planning to come back next month for my boyfriend's birthday (I need that pork chop in my life again We ended our meal with the milk cake which was moist and sweet and lovely with the last few sips of wine. The thing about Casbah? I always leave wanting more  we had our first anniversary dinner at Casbah not to mention numerous brunches and dinners over the last 5 or so years. We are big fans of all the Big Burrito restaurants  as well as the English Pea Risotto (vegetarian for my daughter) and the famous Cioppino. I was also recommended a flight of Rose wine when I couldn't decide between them. They were all delicious! As a dessert we shared the strawberry rhubarb croustade which melted in your mouth! As a nice touch the kitchen had written Happy Birthday on the plate since it was my daughter's 17'th birthday! We will definitely go back when in the area  I was able to sneak a small bite for it was entirely consumed and it was quite tasty! The sausage had a bit of spice to it that was very flavorful. I absolutely loved the orecchiette! The savoriness of the goat cheese compounded with the sweet tartness of the cranberries was heaven in my mouth! The chicken itself was quite flavorful and the pasta was cooked perfectly "This place's reputation as a high-end restaurant is entirely undeserved. Every single entre my party ordered was oversalted and bland. And for the price I was expecting much Casbah is a must try (and ask to eat on the patio)!" "4.5 stars. My husband and I went here a few days ago. We liked the outdoor area that was ""open tent"" - when we come back we would like to sit out there (weather permitting  but it would be nice if the vegetarian options experienced as much rotation creativity as the meat ones. I love the mafaldine Service was perfect. Would love to go back." The only odd thing was that the servers really seemed to be fighting for tables.  Everyone was trying to get our drink and food orders  food was also wonderful. Had the ricotta cavetelli and it was great. Meatballs and cheeses were great. Was a very good time and would definitely go back. Cocktails were unique and tasty."  curious to see how they do in the rubber match."  romantic or celebratory depending on the occasion." Nice outdoor patio dining area.  Short rib ravioli was great.  The halibut was also very good.  so I'm no stranger to how they should be prepared and how they should taste.  We each only had a few bites and when we told the waiter how bad it was I've eaten at a great many of this city's best restaurants and this was one of the best experiences I've had here." Casbah is my absolute favorite restaurant!! I love the sort rib ravioli. The beet salad is terrific and the rasberry bread pudding is to die for! The valet service is a nice touch so you don't have to worry about parking!! One of the times I am going to make it to the brunch!! The dress attire for this place is sort of dressy which is great.  There is valet parking which is a huge plus because it's located in a very busy area right on a main street. I would love to come back again with just my wife and try other things on the menu. We will try to go back." I live in New York City and I extremely regret venturing to this awful city. This is the worst fucking experience I've ever had at a wine room. I am standing waiting for our table 15 minutes past our time. Tasty farm food and well cooked. Nice and warm garden especially in the winter. Long Island duck is excellent! "I have been wanting to try this place for so long as a huge Big Burrito fan.  We finally made it for Sunday brunch and happy to report it lived  up to my expectations.  We sat in the outside area (covered but with heating lamps) and had a great waiter.  They have a price fix brunch with includes a drink The service is also great and the decor is pretty. The patio is always warm on the winter and it feels more spacious than it does inside. Casbah is one of the restaurants on my ""definitely check it out"" list."  I would die for just one more bite. It was like little pillows of goodness in this rich sauce with shagbark hickory nuts and hen of the woods mushrooms. The strong flavor of the hickory nuts and the woods mushrooms compliments the softness of the gnocchi perfectly! Oh I've been here at least three times now for brunch and once for happy hour.  I need to get back for happy hour because they have some nice specials  it was delicious. I plan to go back for lunch The atmosphere and space is great - open and large. I had dressed up a bit  which creates a cold draft coming from the outside walls windows. You need to have someone duct your intake air to the outside to prevent this  and the environment. I would say it is missing a bit of the down home authenticity that most stellar restaurants in Pittsburgh seem to have. The dishes are inventive and delightful. The patio is perfect on a warm day. For all of these reasons I will continue to show here for an early dinner on occasion." I have been here two time on my birthday. I have not a single bad word to say about this restaurant. Everything is delicious and everything leaving the kitchen is made with care. The staff is friendly and the space is inviting. Its an excellent place to grab a bit to eat with friends or family. I went with a number of relatives a couple of times while visiting and I really enjoyed the food plus a great atmosphere. Would recommend this to any one wanting a special occasion place to go."  solid food... Will be back for sure. Appreciated that they have fundraising dinners too."  but could have been amazing." I am excited to come back in the future!" The desserts were delicious as well. I tasted the Chocolate pot de Creme I like lunching at Casbah. The cheese tasting and tomato basil bisque are so good. If I could have them every day I'd be thrilled.  but the food was always good.  So we tried it for catering for lunch for a meeting for 12 people.  The quality is more uneven than the restaurant dinning experience.  The crab cake sandwich was excellent My fianc and I had dinner at 7 PM last Saturday evening and were impressed with the food but highly unlikely to come back as returning customers because of the service.  First of all when the waiter (Adam) brought our first drinks and insisted we order appetizers I told him that we were going to relax for a little while and I would flag him down when we wanted to order anything else.  He persisted to come back every other 2 minutes for about another 9-10 times until we finally ordered appetizers and within 3 minutes of us ordering our appetizer he wanted us to order dinner and I politely said we want to enjoy our appetizer until he bugged us enough about dinner that we just ordered so we could get rid of him.  I paid $140 including the tip on Saturday and between barely being able to see because we were sat on the patio directly into the sun and being rushed the experience was miserable despite how good the food tasted.. it was not enjoyable. We recently moved to Pittsburgh this month and we looked forward all week to dining with you until a waiter ruined our experience.  We are trying a new restaurant this weekend where I will hopefully not pay $140 to be rushed by a waiter who is not paying for the meal... I am.  the indoor patio we'll call it. Others were out there too on iron tables and chairs. Perhaps the nicer area is for larger parties or events? Needless to say we were right next to the entrance so our date night was constantly offset by guests entering and exiting. Food was great and service was up to far but the main entrance was confusing and I could see this echoed by other guests as they entered." My fianc and I had dinner at 7 PM last Saturday evening and were impressed with the food but highly unlikely to come back as returning customers because of the service.  First of all when the waiter (Adam) brought our first drinks and insisted we order appetizers I told him that we were going to relax for a little while and I would flag him down when we wanted to order anything else.  He persisted to come back every other 2 minutes for about another 9-10 times until we finally ordered appetizers and within 3 minutes of us ordering our appetizer he wanted us to order dinner and I politely said we want to enjoy our appetizer until he bugged us enough about dinner that we just ordered so we could get rid of him.  I paid $140 including the tip on Saturday and between barely being able to see because we were sat on the patio directly into the sun and being rushed the experience was miserable despite how good the food tasted.. it was not enjoyable. We recently moved to Pittsburgh this month and we looked forward all week to dining with you until a waiter ruined our experience.  We are trying a new restaurant this weekend where I will hopefully not pay $140 to be rushed by a waiter who is not paying for the meal... I am. Great for people watching as well."  excellent place to get breakfast at any time of the day" "I love this place.  it's my comfort food place.  great food Open 24hrs on Friday and Saturday how can you not love it. Total old school mom and pop diner. Wouldn't recommend anything other than breakfast. On top of everything else it cost nickels and dimes to eat here. After you've blown all your money at a bar in southside you'll still have enough to eat away some of your drunkness on the way home. Sadly Shirley has passed on and will be missed."  this is a great place. Just don't expect good service." Great little dinner. Food is amazing. Price is very inexpensive.  Recommended to everyone I know. They never used to accept cards but to my knowledge they recently have begun taking credit cards which is a big plus. This is definitely a mom and pop place you need to try."  horrible service.. And im not even one to complain about service. One of the waitresses is always in a bad mood with an attitude. Fire her and ill raise the rating to a solid 4"   good people.  Bacon cheeseburger is where it's at."  And Marleen will be sure to take care of you!! Give it a try!"  which was enough to be my last. I didn't even get to sit down before I was disgusted by this place. While waiting to be seated Great service in a quaint mom and pop spot with delicious breakfast menu!  Not gourmet but is consistently good and has brought me back again and again. Wife and stopped in on the way to the Steelers game on Sunday.  Victory by the way!  I have always passed this place on visits to the Burgh since I have moved away but never stopped in.  Well we miss Old fashion diners in the Washington D.C. area.  This one when you walk in its like you step back in time to simpler days.  The ladies behind the counter we so darn nice and the gent busing tables was super nice to us.  We loved the atmosphere.  Eggs were good and toast with warm melted better good.  The hash browns under cooked and the sausage was not so great.  But if you want to step back in time..this is the place. "Just walking in here you know it's going to be all home cooked food. The chicken fried steak was the best I've had in years. Friendly staff What you would expect from a diner in the Saaathills."  so don't expect anything flashy. But the pancakes are huge and always melt in your mouth- I especially recommend the strawberry pancakes. Delicious! Lunch options are also good- standard diner food but I've never been disappointed. Haven't had dinner here. It is one of our go-to breakfast spots when we're looking for comfort food!"  I would return if it was convenient. The coolest thing is that they have a drive thru lottery booth right behind the building. If you're feeling lucky you can grab a ticket or two."  family atmosphere for everyone! Highly recommended  but the food makes up for it. The french toast and pancakes are lovely too. This is not the place to go if you are dieting as they are GENEROUS with the butter. I like this place way better than Pamelas This place is PACKED on the weekends - be prepared to wait unless you get there very early.  The wait  and the ham was nice-- just salty enough. The potato pancakes were different than what I expected. I thought they would be like fried hashbrown cakes Note their hours are 6a - 3p. Metered street parking and a metered public lot down the block." The banana oatmeal pancakes were really special.  fresh and the staff was even better. Won't eat anywhere else for breakfast in the burg! Gotta get here" "This place has some of the best pancakes I've ever had. The staff is funny and great  but the place was packed and the food was well worth the wait." I would dine again.  if i am ever awake during their hours of operation." The food came fast but the waitress wasn't all that attentive. She was pleasant enough but we received no coffee or water refills. That's pretty much the only complaint. If you're in the area  get rid of the fake-o Mrs. Butterworths and put out some real maple syrup for those tasty pancakes. Really Go to The Original Pancake House about 10 minutes away for a better breakfast." Very nice place.  Crowded.  People were waiting outside.  Service was great and I was impressed with the food.  we stopped here for breakfast on a Sunday morning at around 10AM.  Beating the brunch rush was great.  We had a short wait but were seated quickly.  Service was friendly My breakfast was absolutely phenomenal. I specifically ordered the ham and eggs because it included their famous potato pancakes. They did not disappoint I tried every trick in the book to get what they put in them but no luck. I even promised some things I should be ashamed of LOL I would definitely recommend that if you are anywhere within 50 miles you need to make a trip here! "" came in and was greeted warmly by the waitstaff. He took a seat at the counter and the staff told him what specials they could make for him. (He ended up getting a chicken salad sandwich on texas toast plus a bowl of soup.) And he chatted with the staff as he enjoyed his lunch. I'm guessing that this guy like many others are regulars here and know what a great place this is and keep coming back." I think I'll look for reasons to come to Pittsburgh now that I know this restaurant exists. Yum."  cross the street and go to Potomac Bakery and take some sweets home  and decent prices and this place is truly a gem. Don't let the wait scare you unless you have a large group - people flow out of there pretty quickly  over 3000 miles away wishing the Dor-Stop was in his home town." Oh and try the potato pancakes  which were pretty ordinary.  Comes with the ordinary home fries." I would give it four stars if it weren't for the insane busy-ness of this place. It would be really great if they could expand. They also could really use chairs and benches outside for people who are waiting. I'm sure it's better during the week 2Igiyhi82R8_QaaPplRmCw Maybe these aren't the hugest pancakes in town (that honor goes to the MANcakes at Eggs-R-Us in Crafton) Both us really enjoyed our meals a lot!  Thanks again Yelpers I will defiantly be back to the Dor-Stop soon.  It is honestly one of the best breakfast places I have been to in the area." Add this place to your list when you visit Pittsburgh!" "After watching Diner's Drive In's and Dives this restaurant caught our attention.  After finally making it to Pittsburgh it was the first place we tried! I had the Jumbot (the mix of potatoes  but I didn't need any here! I also tried Darren's chocolate chip pancakes. The had so many semisweet chips in them I thought they were stuffed pancakes at first! Soooooo good but even one round cake would make me feel a bit sick from sugar overload. The staff seems able to keep up with the tidal wave of a crowd and get everyone in and out rather quickly. I like that! If you're looking for a place to relax and take your time We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves at a decent price and we will for sure be back."  and they came with powdered sugar which I don't like (wish the server told me beforehand). Average wait time to be seated and for food to arrive. OJ was pretty bad as well- like the cheap stuff you get from the grocery store. I like the fact the place is not a chain Fantastic.  And it's so close.  I should brunch there weekly."  go for tasty comfort food. Great pancakes. Expect a long wait on weekends!"  with a yogurt syrup topping. Definitely an indulgence. I did not give this 5 total stars as my eggs were slightly bland The opportunity area: syrup that does not come in an old-fashioned squeeze bottle!  It takes me about 15 minutes to get the disgusting amount of syrup I want atop my fluffy pancakes."  but if you can swing by early on a weekday you won't have to and the food will be just as good.  A friend of mine will call me now when she has to take her car to the dealership on West Liberty Avenue because she knows I will take her to the Dor-Stop.  It makes me feel all warm and fuzzy to share one of my happy places with a friend so it can be one of her happy places  but I will be coming back to Dor-Stop next time I visit!!"  do not come to Dor-Stop thinking they have become over-commercialized because  of their appearance on the Food Network. They have not. They are the same family-owned established where you can get no nonsense  service and absolutely amazing food.  If you are in Pittsburgh  make sure somebody in your group orders pancakes.  They are a must try.  The raspberry french toast is delicious and very filling too.  The omelets are good as well." I would DEFINITELY come back here if I lived in the area. Pay no mind to the wait time. Bring a book  potato pancakes are fresh and served with applesauce or sour cream. Great lunch sandwiches and also a nice diner atmosphere."  is delightful and the banana walnut hotcakes are amazing. I'm not sure it has been made clear but this is not banana flavoring  but sadly they ran out right when we were seated. Sad. :(" Bonus game!: How many times were pancakes and breakfast mentioned in this review? Points to the winner!"  I'm not sure what the big fuss is all about. The food was only fair and they don't even have real cream for your coffee. It's that nasty fake nondairy crap. It also gave me the heebeegeebees due to the ""Christianesgue"" motif."  but there was a LONG wait and two of our party had to sit on a window sill next to our table. We would go back again if we could get a better table. It was very similar in theme and everything else to Square Cafe in Regent Square. The joint had a larger seating area. Would hit up the Dor-Stop again though." Great staff and a good price.  Highly recommended." Here's another pile-on review- the Dor Stop was awesome.  but the food was absolutely delicious. More than made up for it!"  my wife says he makes the best over easy eggs she's ever had.  The breakfast meats are awesome and so are the pancakes.  Prices aren't too bad either.  Staff is fun too - they'll start to know you after stopping in a few times I will never stop praising the Dor-Stop.  This little gem of a place is what Pittsburgh is all about." Absolutely amazing! Best. Pancakes. Ever." I also had the opportunity to try my husband's banana chocolate chip pancakes. Although they looked delicious with the bananas and chocolate chips baked into the pancakes  I'm partial to breakfast." Our (two) meals cost $22.17 with tax (but before the tip).  The restroom was clean A local place run by a local family of friendly people. Affordable prices  and I'm so sad to now live 30 minutes away. The pancakes are definitely the best item at this dive - the chocolate chip and pumpkin are to die for! Service is also pretty quick for a location that has such a cramped dining room and tiny kitchen space. Plan to wait a bit (maybe 30 minutes or so) for a table on Saturday mornings!" As always the restaurant was packed and loud. I love that about the Dor-Stop b c it's so Pittsburgh.  Did I mention how much I love this place?!?!" I'm now looking for an excuse to get back to this part of Pittsburgh so I can eat here again."  we frequently hit restaurants covered on DDD but I no longer trust that show based on some of my experiences and the Yelp reviews I've read.   I now will look up the Yelp review and ask locals if the restaurant is featured on DDD before going." Excellent breakfast. Regular pancakes rocked. Staff was super and we were seated immediately on a Saturday. So lucky. My first 5 star rating on Yelp. "Was really crowded...almost claustrophobic.  Food was good 2Igiyhi82R8_QaaPplRmCw I will be back.   (I recommned going around 2pm since they close at 3pm for easier seating)." Great food and great place for breakfast meal. Pancake is great!! Service is excellent too! Went there with a friend. Had egg Benedict and did not like it. The turkey meat smells funny. And the waitress kept rushing us. Not sure why it's so crowded. Will not visit again.  for sure.  The breakfast is GOOD and I think most places that attempt to serve breakfast should be GOOD." Best thing to do is get there right when they open.  Don't be surprised if there isn't already a crowd standing outside.  If you do have to wait for a table  and Dives. Great breakfast place for decent prices. Portions were huge. Got the eggs benedict and banana chocolate chip pancakes. Pancakes were a little too sweet and was sickening after a while but benedict was delicious. The ham was extremely large and juicy. The eggs perfect sunny side up (I love it when you stab the yolk and it runs all over the food). I liked that they used some kind of toast instead of regular English muffins. The hollandaise sauce was rich and buttery  but this is one of those times. I recall my mom once craving crabs from a crab shack in Ft Lauderdale for over 10 years after having them once. I feel like Dor-Stop pancakes will be the equivalent for me. My God "What's not to like about this place?  It's a friendly  I recommend you check to see if there are spots at the bar (first come first serve)." Oh my! The banana chocolate chip pancakes are to die for. And the oatmeal raisin ones? You won't believe something that is that ""good"" for you tastes like that!! And the raspberry French toast? Amazing - but only if you can afford the calories! But do it at least once! And their egg scrambles with your choice of ingredients? This is breakfast nirvana. None better in the city. None."  and don't be freaked out at the potential of long waits. We waited 20 mins at 10 am on a Saturday. You'll be fine." For an great little breakfast stop I highly recommend." I'll be back to sample a more lunch-y entree. In the mean time "I typically enjoy my visits to the Dor-Stop.  The banana and chocolate-chip pancakes are probably the best pancakes that I've ever tried.  I appreciate that they have some vegetarian breakfast options.  The line at this place is always crazy  and glad I did! Oatmeal Raisin pancakes were unbelievable! I don't where they get their eggs but they were huge and fresh over easy for me! Must stop if ever in Pittsburgh!"  but who knows if I'll ever even experience them... how can I with those pancakes!"  definitely worth the wait also the banana walnut pancakes rocked"  party of 2?""  That's me!  I look forward to any Sunday I get to dine at the Dor-Stop.  Sometimes you've gotta go where everybody knows your name..." Best breakfast ever ! Get the pancakes ! They're all amazing. And the breakfast burrito!  and the pancakes to share with my husband. The burrito was fantastic! The pancakes were so thick and had a cakey consistency. They were very filling. This place has been on Diners Pancakes looked really good too."  and that is a very good thing. We showed up on a Tuesday morning at around 9:30 and there were plenty of open tables. As noted by almost everyone else here  you will get a more or less solid breakfast that is above average. Again  I seriously can't walk out of there without having them.  They are also quite famous for their regular pancakes white are deliciously dense Now I understand why food network made a pit stop here! Awesome breakfast - I highly recommend their pumpkin chocolate chip pancakes and German potato pancakes. It can be a wait but quite worth it! Great food and diner atmosphere. Well worth the wait if you come in on the weekend. Everything is fresh and made from scratch. We will be becoming a regular at this place for sure It was reasonably priced and very cute. We were fortunate enough to get a table right away but I've heard there can be a pretty long wait. Sometimes out the door which makes perfect sense after tasting this delicious food."  lunch is great.  If you go on a weekend don't let the line around the block scare you.  Seriously I would certainly go back to this place and hope that I do the next time I am in the Pittsburgh area.  So so good." Fantastic. Best hotcakes around and I've never had a bad meal here.  The staff is friendly and personable. "Writing the review for this place is pretty cool! I've wanted to go here for a long time.  I'm from New York and visit Pittsburgh frequently because my gf current is here! I've seen this place featured on Diners Drive In's and Dives and love all the food places I've been to in Pitt! I've tried a majority of the Pittsburgh staples for breakfast but the Dor Stop by far is the best breakfast I've had in the Pitt! The Orders were Vickie's Jumbot and their famous pancakes (apple walnut) the Jumbot features a mix of eggs veggies home-fries ham topped with Italian toast! Was very good ! The pancakes were amazing filled with hot apples and crushed walnuts them to were amazing... The only thing I was upset about was that they wouldn't allow substitutions and were gonna try and charge me a ridiculous amount to sub turkey for ham at like $5.99 Another great thing here is the down-home feel of the place- everyone is very friendly. While we were waiting in line (which by the way  fluffy and large. . Everyone else was satisfied with their meal. If I were to get here again I would order just pancakes or some of their french toast. My omelette was good but nothing amazing. If you want good pancakes and french toast then I would go to Dor-Stop their eggs and other menu items weren't terrible by any means just nothing to write home about."  considering that it would have been a sore spot (too sour) if it contrasted too much with the sweet consistency of the dish. In general this is a great breakfast spot to hit up ... oh and also a decent joint for sandwiches Just finished the best wedding soup I've ever had. This is my first time for lunch - breakfast is always outstanding. Best pancakes in the 'burgh. Wow!!  My wife and I had breakfast at the Dor-Stop this morning and it was outstanding!!  We had about a 20 minute wait to get in but it was worth it.  The service was fast and the food was great.  We will surely return...... This place was fantastic! My boyfriend took me for breakfast and OH MY GOD! He had the Guy Fieri version of the Italian Jumbot and I had the Apple Cinnamon pancakes. Neither of us have ever eaten such a delicious breakfast! Go hungry but make sure you bring everyone with you when you put your name in.  but didn't question it thinking that since it was a ""specialty pancake"" I was suppose to only get two. It couldve been an honest mistake The best breakfast ever. Choc chip pancakes did not need syrup- bacon suitable crisp and flavorful. I stopped by for lunch and had the steak salad.  It was pretty yummy but the steak had too much fat on it. The reason why I am giving it only 4 stars is because my steak was not done the way I requested and our waitress had zero personality.  I recommend going here for breakfast and not for lunch. LOVE this place!!  Awesome pancakes.  Awesome food.  inexpensive and the service and atmosphere were great.   I will be back for brunch some weekend." Other than that: favorite. breakfast. restaurant." I am always up for trying out one of those places featured on food network. The wait to get into this place was long and goes out the door. Its a very small restaurant with about 15 tables at best. Its one of the divey places where the staff clearly knows what they're doing and does it right. when we finally did sit and order service was fast. I had a meat omelet with hashbrowns. Im not much of a breakfast person so I wasnt overly impressed with it. Large portions though. I would come back here to try more of the menu.  we all LOVED our breakfast and I was full for hours after.  YUM!  Can't wait to go back!" Everyone should definitely make a trip here once! Pancakes are to die for!!" Yes... Dorstop was on the Food Network but I believe that the show has brought too much business to the local breakfast lunch restaurant. Most of the time the servers are cranky and rushing so they forget items or customer needs and the food isn't as good as it used to be. Either they need to expand their staff and restaurant or many others will see what I have. Folks this is very overrated.. they had Guy's Diners Drivein and Dives there only because Guy's parents knew owner. This is very avg food at best. Its nothing special.I wont go back.. Very small and uncomfortable. They have a large sign in window to play on Guy's visit a number of years ago. Dont fall for it.  but the servers were unfriendly and slow. Disheartening and not really worth dealing with for some pancakes. Try it out for the legend  the service is notoriously horrible and unacceptable. Also the food was unpalatable. I order pumpkin flavor pancakes and side order scramble eggs. I was too full and their portion is huge so I left two pieces of pancakes. The waitress don't even bother to ask me if I need a box to take it home or if everything is good. Although she did refilled my coffee once Dor-Stop seemed like just a convenient spot to fuel up for a day of tourism but turned out to be a damned good spot with memories of its own: the best pancakes I've ever had."  I adore the dor stop. Super cute and always delicious. A favorite for sure." I definitely plan on coming back here as soon as possible to try the other great options on the menu. The raspberry stuffed French toast looked amazing!" Great place for breakfast. Made to order. Pancakes are to die for. There is usually a line on the weekends. Great nostalgia on the walls. Nice diner doing a good job serving the community.  The food is probably somewhere between 3.5 and 4 stars but because of the intangibles it gets rounded up."  EVEN THOUGH IT DIDNT SAY THAT ON THE WEBSITE! Such a waste of time. If you're going to go I dunno. Maybe the waitress was having a bad day. Maybe she gets asked that question a lot (by actual impatient people) and is sick of hearing it. But we were very polite to her and didn't deserve to be treated like that. I don't care how good your food is (and for the record  but it really just tastes like any other breakfast food. Not worth the hour wait and the claustrophobia within the walls."  though. There's no free parking (meters available and a lot around the corner isn't enforced on Sundays) and there's always a wait. The wait for two hasn't been too bad for us- usually 15-20 minutes. Service is pretty good overall and it's definitely worth it!" Upbeat atmosphere and very good breakfast! The home fries and banana oatmeal pancakes were sooo delicious! Crowded but serves a killer breakfast...highly recommended  and ham for a slightly higher price. This was my second time going actually and if I could go every day I would! Highly recommend!"  and mayo. In the fall I love the pumpkin pancakes! And if you're in the mood for something sweet you have to check out the raspberry stuffed French toast - just unreal. Not to mention that the servers are incredibly friendly. This place is family owned and has such a great vibe." Best pancakes in Pittsburgh besides DeLucas. Always delicious and the service is nice.  German potato pancakes were a little under cooked but great tasting.  Service was quick and brisk Love these hot cakes. A must do when you are in Pittsburgh. Get there early always a line. It's just that good! come with a big appetite these hot cakes are HUGE!!!! Service was as friendly and informal as yo"  and the service was awesome!!! I will definitely be back." Will definitely return for another delicious breakfast one of these mornings." I couldn't choose between pumpkin or banana pancakes so the genius waitress suggested pumpkin banana pancakes and she was right. Great service and really great breakfasts. If your every in Folsom Cali try Mary's gold miner cafe.  The bomb!" All in all this place is an A-. The only downside for me was not having The cast from cheers welcome me by name. But the food is remarkable." I love the Dor-stop and highly recommend it to others!" I have been here many times. This place lives up to the hype. You have to get the hot cakes. Try all of the flavors over several visits. I haven't has a bad pancake here yet . The flavors and consistencies are excellent. Easily the best pancakes on pittsburgh. They also have great French toast is pancakes just aren't your thing.  but are really sweet like a donut. You have to be in the mood for them. Like I said they are very sweet. Only negative of this place is the restaurant is small and crammed  the server had large sections (two servers splitting the entire floor.)  but they were surprisingly on top of us The BEST pumpkin pancakes I have ever had! Service was fast and the food was delicious. We will definitely be back again!!  greasy spoon diner. Always give the special a shot."  but this was on point. The service was quite friendly and always there for a refill of a drink or to see if we needed anything at all. I enjoyed the cute small town diner atmosphere. It's definitely cozy This place is truly heaven in Dor-Stop. Make sure you arrive early on a weekend morning to avoid the crowd! Or wake up at dawn on a weekday and partake (as I have been known to do from time to time!)"  the short stack they served me were lousy pancakes." Drive ins and Dives had been there. Pancakes are very fluffy and waffles too!" Don't get scared off by all the people waiting too. The girls working the register and seating are awesome with making sure the place moves smoothly!" "Fantastic! Not from around here and felt right at home!! Food is amazing "Great little local diner!! Must go if your in town.  Food was amazing and all made from scratch!!  Had the Pumkin Stuffed French Toast today!! Perfect size portions. Wait staff super friendly. Gets crowded If I was going to complain about anything it would be that the seating really isn't the most comfortable on the planet "We love this place!! My daughter and I stop her every now and again and they have an AMAZING breakfast spread. We both got our usuals today...kids chocolate chip pancakes and bacon for her and the egg breakfast for me. The most perfectly done eggs EVER with tasty sausage patties We didn't order anything that they could impress us with I suppose.  It's not like we went with an item like hotcakes or a skillet or anything like that just a relatively conservative breakfast.  I did have some of my wife's potato pancakes and ham and they were both very good.  My breakfast was just as I expected nothing out of the ordinary but still very good."  for brunch. Loved the German potato pancakes - worthy of 5 stars. But I'd give the Eggs Benedict only 2 stars. I'll be back to try more of the menu and get some more of those potato pancakes." If I'm ever in Pittsburgh again This place is only AMAZING!  They seated us as fast as possible despite the long line out the door!  The food was nothing less than amazing (definitely try the French Toast and the sausage gravy and biscuits!).  Their waitresses are also 100% efficient without losing that caring touch! Our waitress was extremely attentive which is not something you expect with a place that's this packed and has all the hustle and bustle. Definitely  coming back! Expect a wait - put your name on the list & expect a minimum wait of 30 minutes. We took our hockey team and they were very accommodating in separating and seating us at several tables when they were available." The banana walnut pancakes were fluffy and flavorful! I almost didn't even reach for the syrup they were so yummy. Eggs made to perfection. There are several specialty pancakes on the menu...I'll definitely be returning to try more!  I got a spot at the counter right away. I had a clear view of watching the cooks flip up pancakes and scramble eggs- pretty fun. The food was good. I found out about this place from DDD. If you are in the Pittsburgh area and have time to stop  and prices reasonable. I got the chocolate chip banana pancakes and my husband got the west coast eggs Benedict. It was definitely worth the trip to Dormont from the north hills. Recommend getting here before 10 because the wait seemed to be quite a bit longer when we left a little before 11." Both times are service was pretty good.  Our waitress was on top of it and friendly." "I love everything about the Dor-Stop. This place is a neighborhood staple that always delivers. I've only eaten breakfast here. You can usually expect a bit of a wait  etc) the staff makes sure you feel comfortable and always keeps your coffee cup full! Definitely would like to return!"  you need to go get pumpkin pancakes.  You can even call ahead for it to be ready for take out and avoid the mess of hungry Dormont-ers along the Potomac sidewalk 2Igiyhi82R8_QaaPplRmCw  and pancakes with ham and cheese in them--again so much we had to take them home. Coffee cups stayed filled  I have heard that this place has great potato pancakes but I couldn't care less. Why? Because I eat the same thing every single time I eat there. I have no time to be bothered by some silly pancake when there is serious business  there's always a seat ready when you go to walk in.  It's like magic.  This is an essential Sunday breakfast spot in Pittsburgh up there with Pamela's.  More than affordable you will leave stuffed."  and you can bet I'm ordering the pancakes again!"  don't order grits north of the Mason Dixon line. I keep forgetting everybody does instant or minute maid grits without seasoning or butter. My bad on that. I have to try the oatmeal pancakes and give this joint redemption. Service was very good and ambiance was perfect  I had the stuffed raspberry French toast.  Everything tasted so fresh and delicious   with local advertisements all over the top of the table. I got their (apparently) well known Jumbot - a dish with everything thrown in - eggs  and the food is wonderful." Hit this place up anytime you can...I wish I still lived in Mt. Lebanon so that I could roll into here each and every weekend." "This used to be one of my favorite places for breakfast but the quality has diminished noticeably. Eggs over medium were runny and the pumpkin pancakes  and the ambiance was cheerful and light-filled--exactly what I'd expect in a diner.  Even though we both felt a tad out of place among the clientele  and prices were reasonable. This place merits the high rating it has received." The service was prompt and friendly and the food delicious.  Also cheap as hell.  We always try to stop here when in Pittsburgh." "The chocolate chip banana pancakes are to DIE for. Plus the environment is fun and kinda retro. Other people in my party had the veggie burrito "The food here is amazing. I've never had something I didn't like and the serving sizes are enormous! The place is a little small  solo and for hangovers." Would give 5 stars if the place was bigger.  You are practically sitting on top of people there it is very tight and the seating is not comfortable." Been to a lot of places in the burgh for breakfast. This place is the best. No questions asked. Pancakes are to die for and the Guy Fieri jumbot is insanely delicious. The place makes Pamela's and DeLuca's look like the McDonald's drive thru.  and were very helpful in choosing what to get. The pumpkin pancakes are the best I've ever had. Ever. They are an absolute MUST. The banana chocolate chips pancakes were amazing. I ordered the jumbot with no meat and it was amazing. Their coffee is great too. What more could I want in a breakfast place? Will definitely come back if I'm in Pittsburgh again  now I don't expect every place to be trader joe's type happy but don't act like we are bothering you for coming here. She took our order and that was last we saw of her. Someone else brought out the food and no one ever came back to check on us. I could see the waitress go over to her other table (she only had 2 tables) and check on them multiple times. We didn't get any refills on our drinks and every time I tried to motion to her she would turn her back and sit at the counter and talk with the other waitress. We never even received our check and had to go to the counter and ask for it our self. We were then told to wait because they needed to check someone else out first. After standing there for a couple minutes we were then given our check. No apologies or anything.  I won't be back."  the atmosphere. We loved it from the moment we stepped in to when we left. We got there around 1:30 and got a table immediately. Moments later it went to a 15 minute wait. If there was free parking we didn't find it."  I recommend giving them a try" My suggestion would be to come during off hours or non-holiday especially if you want to have a nice breakfast or lunch. They are only open until 3 in the afternoon. We had a wonderful time!"  no doubt. The pancakes are the best I've ever had. French toast is amazing as well. Friendly staff. Just go you won't be disappointed. There's usually a bit of a wait on Saturday and Sunday mornings so I recommend going on another day. But even if you have to wait it's well worth it." It's in a neat area too so come for breakfast brunch then take a walk."  this visit wasn't worth it for me to make the 20-25 minute drive out here. The service was fast and efficient  drive ins and dives so maybe my expectations were too high for a breakfast dive. Service is a little on the slow side while you get pumped with coffee "Best pancakes I've ever had. Literally they're amazing "Yummy breakfast!!!!! Very small place but very worth it! Love it Great breakfast!  We arrived on Saturday around 1PM and were seated immediately. The place was packed with all ages of people- toddlers to seniors.  The atmosphere was energetic and lively with friendly and quick service.  My husband ordered one of the specials- The Benny ( eggs benedict made with potato pancakes); I ordered  banana and chocolate chip pancakes.  Both were delicious- my husband loved the potato pancakes and the benedict sauce.  The pancakes were very good- had that natural banana flavor with large slices of bananas throughout.  We'll be going back to try other items. One of the best breakfast places in Pittsburgh!  Yummy good food!  Worth a visit.  Always been able to find a spot to park. Prices are good and the service is great. Would make the trip again to go there!" DorStop is my favorite breakfast spot but on this visit I was extremely disappointed.  I stopped in on a whim alone and sat at the counter.  While I was eating my delicious breakfast a dishwasher stood in front of me and spit  in the garbage can on the other side of the counter literally a foot away from me.  I immediately wanted to throw up.  I did not finish my meal and got up and paid and left.  They were too busy too mention something and they never asked how everything was or I would have said something.  I am not sure if I will go back which is really a shame.  I love that place. Our bill was under $20 so it was a quality meal for a very very low price. No complaints on our end  and some type of cheese (tasted artificial and powder-based). The eggs were wetter than I prefer when I order them scrambled. Maybe they added water? Several pieces of ham I ate were very gristly and inedible. I ate less than half of the meal and left. I wouldn't go back." Definitely a great place to eat and socialize! Even the guests were friendly!" Dor-Stop Diner is a gem!  Make sure you come hungry.  The apple oatmeal pancakes were delicious and perfectly prepared.  My friend had the raspberry French toast.  Both were excellent choices.  The waitress was super nice and prices were very reasonable.  Great spot and a fun new find!  I'll definitely be back.  and even made his own dish ""Guys Jumbot"". That is what I opted for during my visit. It was excellent! They have a killer list of creative pancakes that I have not seen anywhere else! This place fills up quick on weekends; but definitely worth the visit" This is the perfect local spot to get breakfast and or a delicious lunch. The food is 99% of the time perfect. The staff ranges in age but everyone of them is nice and kind. Great place to take people you bring in from out of town. It's a laid back atmosphere. Best part you won't break the bank on food but maybe the button on your jeans.  the wait was long but worth it. I think we about ordered everything b c we couldn't choose and it was all good from the eggs to the pancakes. I will be back." Definitely another good diner that is needed!" "The Dor Stop is exactly why I love Pittsburgh and it's precious collection of hidden gem diners and eateries. The Dor Stop is just that...tucked away on Potomac in Dormont (duh) serving the most magical plates of breakfast and lunch you can imagine. Each dish is fresh and homemade so I promise you won't be disappointed. Heck  but only recently did I bring my 4yr old and 3yr old nephew and niece--a dangerous proposition at many restaurants. We were greeted with a smile upon arrive and the children received special placemats and crayons to keep them occupied while we waited a short period of time for our breakfast. The children's selections were appropriately prices and portioned and at no point in time did I feel as though I had made a mistake bringing them to one of my favorite breakfast locations."  to hard to decide on 1 ... Got to get stuffed raspberry French toast ! It made national television :) get there early it gets busy fast"  but that's not the end of the world. I also got to taste the chocolate chip pancakes (they call them hotcakes) and some kind of strawberry french toast 2Igiyhi82R8_QaaPplRmCw Had the steak n' eggs when we went there.  I prefer the same thing from the diner around the corner.  Apparently this place is known for their pancakes.  Maybe I'll try that next time. A consisteny line of yinzers around the block can't be wrong. "I've been coming here for years and you can't go wrong with anything from their menu. When I heard they were under new management I left feeling empty in my heart Everything a breakfast place should be (if only it were bigger and or less crowded). Their eggs benedict could feed a family. The service is friendly and fast. Everything is fresh and made to order. "This is probably our favorite place in the area for breakfast. Be prepared for a wait before being seated. Most of the items on the menu are pretty good. Service has declined a little over the last few years. The wait staff is a little pushy and outspoken- especially the one with neck tattoos. They could use to leave sweeteners on the table. Those are the only two reasons that I didn't give this place 5 stars. Otherwise "Best. Pancakes. Ever. If you're looking for a good pancake look no further fella We like it - great meeting place - maybe a little over rated on quality of food. Good but nothing to write yelp about. Pancakes didn't excel; eggs were just fine. "Recently visited the Dor-Stop for Sunday brunch and my experience was phenomenal.  It was busy but the turn around time is super fast so the wait isn't long at all.  Food was great.  I recommend the French toast (just the regs nothing fancy). And ps- the home fries are ridiculous "Oh my gosh! Best breakfast I've ever had. I had the raspberry stuffed pancakes and bacon. The bacon was perfectly crisp and tasty - just a bit too salty. The French toast was absolutely incredible. They must dip the bread in some sort of crispy breading because it's delightfully crisp. There was raspberry sauce and raspberry drizzle and if it wouldn't have freaked out the other customers and my husband Service was friendly." I would definitely recommend trying Dor-Stop..they are quite popular around here with the locals."  I would rather Tom's Diner across the street.  The Dor-Stop is A-OK but nothing special." "Diner in my sons neighborhood"".  Insistent  standard diner breakfast fare.  The potato pancakes tasted a little sweet Loved the hometown feel of the place and it was a nice stop before we headed to the movie. You defiantly won't leave hungry here!" "Best best best! The pancakes are good thick American pancakes. Not crepe like ones you'll get elsewhere. My sister loves the raspberry French toast. Beware of the church rush on Sunday mornings. You'll be waiting a while; it's a small place and not a lot of counter space. For a weekday breakfast stop it cannot be beat! Seating is close together so large parties are hard here but they will gladly accommodate you All in all hope I can come back and try other things! They have burgers and other more lunch ish items that looked appetizing!" The price is reasonable and the portion is just about right."  fast friendly service. Just an FYI to other patrons. .. it is NOT ok and very rudw for you to  watch YouTube videos in the middle of a restaurant. I WISH someone other than myself would  have asked them to stop.  Also $30+ for breakfast is a bit steep HOLY Mother of god. This is the best diner in Pgh. Try the Western Benedict. I'm definitely coming back here." This place is great to have down the street from me. It was featured on a food network show so it's very popular. There is ALWAYS a line. Do not expect to walk in and be seated immediately unless you're there first thing in the morning or 10 min before close. They are worth the wait though. Best to go with 2-4 people and if you bring more than that it will be very difficult to seat you. They have tiny booths and tables only. Once again...it's worth the struggle. Their French toast is to die for and I constantly order the West coast Benedict.  but it's worth just ordering it as a side. I'm too fixated on the breakfast items to branch out into their other menu items but I'm sure they are also amazing."  and speedy service. I've eaten here 4 times and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a down to earth casual dining spot."  it's a good version of a community diner.  The menu is pretty big and it is very popular.  I am not sure I'd wait regularly though."  that was a flapjack reference.  The crunchy on the outside coupled with the chewy middle were a serious but welcomed surprise.  I had no idea pancakes could have this dichotomy!  I polished off my stack and finished my generics with delight.  If these pancakes did not floor me "The Dor-Stop is a must visit while I am in Pittsburgh. I visited here again on my recent trip.  The food is still fantastic.  The omelette special is great and the potato pancakes are some of the best I have ever had.  It gets really busy on the weekends  price was not bad.  It was very busy and the service was good.  I would definitely go again. They offer the standard breakfast Our food came out promptly too which I was surprised since everything is home made but I think we just caught the tail end of the lunch crowd. I highly reckoned this place and I will be eating there again!" "A little gem...great service and food. Raspberry French toast "Best pancakes and breakfast in Pittsburgh.  I get the Egg Combo (2 eggs  there is nothing bad here!!" The two best hoagie places in the area are less than a half-mile apart on the same street  - Rudy's and the Triangle bar." I think they've been in the same place for 30 years and never heard about paint. Who cares what it looks like though "Everything here is the best. Mancinis bread is always fresh. I always kick myself when I eat a sandwich anywhere else when rudy's is open because you can't get any better. Everything on the menu will leave smiling  and that was much better than I expected. Atmosphere and service are o.k. Best on a Thursday night  salads and the best patio in Pittsburgh.  I am especially grateful that it is open again after the fire last summer.  If you can't sit outside  awesome patio. The absolute best people-watching and drinks spot in the city. Glad to have you back I actually don't even remotely hate this place. It's a fun place to be." And you have to give this bar credit for using a flame-logo after having burnt down 3 times."  and was friendly enough to chat with us for a few minutes each time she came by.  The burger I ordered was about two inches thick and very tasty.  Our shared pierogies and hummus with pita vanished within minutes."  hoping we could pull off a memorable bacon-y Pittsburgh experience. Though I'm told others have had better luck our server was forgetful and many jokes were made to explain time and time again why no bacon had appeared. I'd say skip the bacon night. Other wise the turkey burger I had was affordable and tasty with a salad on the side. I had an organic Oatmeal ale that I would recommend. The menu was humorous and others at my table were also pleased with their food. It's a step up from standard bar food and not greasy which is a +. The interior was dark- too dark for my tastes unless your on a date and after that mood. Outside was nice- they ran out of seating shortly after we arrived and several people stood around us  you know the type... she is doing you a favor by taking your order.  I had the pierogies appetizer which was flavorless potato filling served in a overcooked pasta shell served in vegetable oil with maybe one or two slices of onions.  Come on!  This is Pittsburgh. You should be ashamed.  Then another server brought my burger and I made the unforgivable mistake of asking her to grab me another beer.  Sorry  I'd come back if I was looking for a date place to have a light dinner or a place to chill with some close friends." 3 stars for Harris Grill. I would definitely recommend this place when you just want to go out on a casual fun night with friends. You can grab a drink Sunday brunch is also designed to cure the common hangover see you again in '09 harris grill!"  they have a great selection of beers and a nice atmosphere. My most recent experience here was a three-starrer though- we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table for 6 and were seated at a table for 4 with 2 chairs on one end (it was new year's day at 8pm  because it's just too damn expensive.  $6 beers?  $6 for 6 wings?  Why do hipsters like overpaying for things?  I don't know  Harris is a good choice - if you don't mind waiting." Overall I love this place and I don't think the drinks are more expensive than most of the other places on Ellsworth - half price frozen cosmos are definitely worth it.  Service is also usually great."  we still hadn't seen Amanda (our waitress for those paying attention).  An hour went by and we had had enough. I really couldn't believe this.  Not only did we not have our food I will always stay an advocate of Harris.  It is a happy place for me!" The service and waiting time for a seat can be a serious drawback. Some of the wait staff are great  they were also offering a new cocktail on special.  It consisted of fresh muddled watermelon.  There were even seeds in the glass!  It was tasty and novel I'm also a big fan of their food; most notable the buffalo chicken dip which has a really strong You need no other motivation to go to Harris' (although It's definitely a place worth checking out (you guys be sure to take a stop in the bathroom while you're there... I hear they have a very interesting urinal)  this very pink booze slushie is amazing. Go with a big group and ask for the lounge upstairs or a window booth. Service is usually either chipper and delightful or just barely okay. We don't come here for the service or the dim lights - we go for a good meal and you should too."  and the bar and restaurant are good places for cheap food on colder winter nights." I definitely recommend giving this place a try.  As other reviewers said (March 10th Bells Brewery will be there)"  but stick to the drinks or wings.  It's a fun place with a great atmosphere and happy hour.  Prices are moderate and pretty standard for Shadyside."  i had about 4 bloody marys during the hour wait for my table so I was full anyway."  or couches if you prefer to lounge around.  The lighting is dim but warm.  Music is contemporary and lively.  It's a great place for young people."  I would never go back again if it wasn't for the fact that I have a gift certificate. The only things Harris has going for it right now are its patios  the Harris Grill is a fantastic place to spend an evening eating and imbibing.  The patio is seasonally quite comfortable  I'm told the urinals in the men's room are ""interesting.""" "For a summer chill-out spot in Shadyside--especially during happy hour--I don't think it gets better than Harris Grill. Patio seating and half-price drafts: yes please. The menus for beer and food are both varied and interesting I personally did not like the waiters as they are a bit pushy with trying to get you to order more drinks food. Their selection of beer seems pretty cool Forgo the thought you'll park close to Harris...it's tucked in a great neighborhood...embrace the walk. Embrace the heat of the wings. Embrace what local joints in Pittsburgh have to offer."  I really like the vibe of this place.  It's totally unpretentious although it's in a very prententious part of the city.  The crowd is usually laid back and it's a great place to hang out with some friends  but the beer selection was awesome.  There were several Belgium beers and our waitress was very good at suggesting some very good beers that I have not had before." "My go to spot when I just want to relax with some friends.  Great drinks and craft beer selection is coupled with very good food.  Make sure to checkout the lounge upstairs during those cold winter months.  During the summer grab a seat on either the front patio for people watching Would I go back again? Only because I live nearby."  just hope you get a good server." Downsides: waiting for outdoor seating; smokers outside" rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA "It's a good thing Harris Grill has good beer and Bacon Night since otherwise you wouldn't have anything to occupy you for the 45 minutes to an hour it takes to get food on your table from the point in time that you order.  FYI - definitely order that last round of drinks (plus an additional one) as you ask for your bill since the poor service doesn't stop when the food actually gets to your table.  I wrote HG off the first time I went there The menu and attitude of the place is witty and fun  it certainly has one of the widest & best beer selections in the city. I've also heard tell that the frozen cosmos are quite good." Overall: Might go go back and not get a salad.  The beer selection looked promising." rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA I'm eagerly awaiting it's spring and summer enviornment so I can give a well rouneded Maybe it was because it was a busy Saturday night that I was disappointed. I was expecting some high class bar food at this spot. The common theme of the meal was that although the dishes were competently executed I have had a hard time since moving to the east side of the country to find a brunch that is worth talking about. Harris Grill does brunch and spicy bloody marys right. The service during Sunday Brunch can be a bit slow..but aren't we all after a good night out?" rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA I'm already looking forward to my next trip to Harris Grill!!"  eating amazing hummus and drinking beers and cocktails.  We won't be back again (at least) until the end of June Next time I visit Pittsburgh I will do brunch there with friends  i've also come here with a posse of dudes and not to mention on suit night with my best guy friend.. its always a good time.  i love dining here esp when its warm out so my friends n i can chill on the deck n drink to the moon and stars"  little place with outside seating. We sat at the bar. Got great service!" And the best part about Harris Grill?  You can hang out there without any of the Shadyside rubbing off on you.  So go forth  where it's free. The menu is hysterical and will make you laugh all the way through and the drinks are delicious. Definitely a must for anyone who's never been. You'll just want to keep coming back" "No complaints about this place. I tend to gravitate towards this place mid afternoon with my laptop...love the vibe here. Outdoor patio or And they're open late (1:30) which is a huge plus for Pittsburgh. Definitely think I'll spend some more time there." To eat I had the pulled pork sandwhich and a side of mac n cheese. The flavor of the pulled pork was good and the pasta was delish. I will say the pork had some fatty bites that I didn't care for. All in all when the start of  a dining experience starts the way ours did it can be salvaged with the right customer care. Ours wasn't plain and simple."  but won't be back to harris grill"  I'm not one to ever order anything that doesn't have meat in it. But I would truly go back to Harris Grill JUST FOR THE EGGPLANT LASAGNA. The eggplant was breaded and fried and layered with pesto Yeesh. Too bad I wasn't as cute as one of those girls at the end of the bar."  nice music and fun & tasty menu items! I love it here."  I became knowns as a mojito abuser overnight because of this place They'll have to knock their game up several notches to achieve the potential contained in their great ideas." they also have some pretty good cocktails and a lot of choices in the alcohol department. again  love that they integrate local ingredients.  Lunch menu affordable." "Great place to be at on Friday or Saturday nights. The patio outside is sweet. They also have a ""patio"" in the back  Pussycat"" on the jukebox 10 times in a row and made a lot of people laugh hysterically!" This is my favorite bar in Pittsburgh and I hope you check it out if you havne't yet.  Wait for the patio Great drinks (frozen cosmos!!) but the food and service leaves something to be desired. Try the Sunday brunch!  feels intimate and kind of dark and cozy. And I especially like the big booths right in front of the giant window overlooking Walnut Street "A pleasant enough little place for ""Hipster Yinzers"" to engage in those unique conversations where everyone talks simultaneously and loudly and no one is heard. The fare is somewhat overpriced for minuscule drinks 2 Patios-front and back"  so possibly not the best place for people who are hard of hearing." You wouldn't bring someone's dessert out with their meal The first quenching sip of that half-price RASPBERRY COSMO and I was sold!  Add on some true ""Pittsburgh"" food (I'm talking about putting fries in a salad There are plenty of other bar restaurant destinations in Pittsburgh that can deliver and execute the same idea in a much better way. Avoid Harris Grill."  the food is relatively well-priced and the location is great (if you can find parking). I recommend going elsewhere though because it just isn't worth being treated so poorly by the staff. Management should take note."  and the drinks are pleantiful.  My only word of caution:  if you're on a budget and a bender  my friends love Harris Grill and I love my friends.  I just sincerely hope they hire more competent waitstaff.  Revising their menu wouldn't be a bad idea  came by and took care of it for us without our asking. So either they've been reading the Yelp reviews about service or we were there on a good night."  it is probably a 3.5. They have a stellar frozen cosmo but the rest of the drink menu is just okay. Their food menu is a hit or miss. Their turkey burger and mac'n'cheese are great but the rest is probably just okay. Their desserts are unimpressive and it is hard to underwhelm me when it comes to sugar. So I would say  and three different people checked up on me after the incident with my sandwich My only complaint is that they don't show how much the food would have cost without the discounts on the receipt "I had a great time.  great food and cocktails.  exciting ambiance The most recent and I promise the last time I will ever go to the Harris Grill was a Sunday for brunch.  Again a 30min wait for a party of 3 to be seated.  I understand that - its Sunday - its Brunch - lots of places have a wait.  But again we watched table after table go empty and stay dirty.  Finally seated it again took 20 minutes to get our drinks - orange juice. And then the waitress only brought two of the three beverages.  The third took another 10 minutes.  Seriously??  Our food took an hour. SERIOUSLY OVERPRICED!!  Several items on the menu were out.  (We arrived at noon for a brunch that was supposed to last from 10-2pm).  The menu was prix fixed at $14.  $14 for two pieces of French toast with disgusted  and served in decent-sized portions. I would come here again although there are certainly better venues for brunch in the city."  chipotle mayo on ciabatta?? Two of my favorite things."  and the bartender didn't give us an attitude for trying to hurry up and order apps and beers before happy hour ended!  That started the night off good.  Our eggplant lasagna was TO DIE FOR Their beer list is great and their other mixed drinks are really interesting combinations." "Disclaimer: This review is only for their Sunday brunch. Wasn't impressed by their Sunday brunch. Didn't like the presentation of the buffet. It was in a small area and felt kind of cramped. The salad was made with iceberg lettuce and didn't look appetizing. My friends ordered orange juice and each glass was filled to the brim with large pieces of ice I tried the pasta once and it was tasteless." ""PS"" I did not expect the salad to be huge or grand but decent and somewhat hearty I am sorry i don't go to Pittsburgh as often for work cause this place was a gem!"  but maybe I've just dined here too often?  I don't know.  I just havent had my mind blown here in awhile." "Best gem in Shadyside. The drinks! The food! All consistently great. Servers are friendly and very funny. Always leave with a smile on my face Parking:  I live in the Los Angeles area where parking issues are a way of life but Shadyside parking is unbelievably complicated.  (or I just don't know the insider tricks just yet)  Unless I lived in the area or there was relatively easy public transport to this otherwise very charming neighborhood "The vibe here is great. The servers et cetera have great energy and are the kind of people I'd like to invite to sit down and share dinner with them. I have only been there twice. I had the Henny Penny twice and it was a very different sandwich on each visit. The first time it was over-spiced. It was dry and I'd swear it had no cheese. The second time I had the jerk Mac and cheese and it was spicy... I have nothing else to add about that.  I also had the frozen Cosmo (which the bartender tells me they are famous for). It was ok - if you like frozen drinks.  The wait staff however was original with their loud talk about personal hygiene... The happy hour specials were a great deal and the staff was really nice. Also love that the patio is in the shade all afternoon evening. Great summer spot." Beers also aren't overpriced. WIN." Next time I visit Pittsburgh; I'm definitely stopping in again.  Probably one of the most memorable dinners out in a while!  Thank you."  with attention at the right moments and minimal interruptions. A great level of service for enjoying a few drinks. The food is by all appearances standard bar fare but who cares; the lord didn't give me a liver for eating. A very enjoyable bar and outdoor seating arrangement. Although I did not probe the wine selection Very good short rib tacos. Long wait for food though. Their mixed drinks though are sub par. Even their famous frozen cocktail is not as good as I thought they'd be. Stick with appetizers and beer!" I wish all brunch buffets were like this. It is a tiny bit cramped when there are several people loading up plates rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA "I don't understand why this place is so popular.  I've been there 4 times and each time the food was pretty gross.  Most recently rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA  I'm a big Harris Grill fan and will be back again - just not for brunch." "I wish I could give this 4 stars as Harris Grill is one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh but the past two times I have been for brunch it has been less than par.  Many things went wrong during my most recent brunch experience which include them running out of plates for the buffet and not being able to replenish the food fast enough.  Once you waited for the food to be replenished (about 10-15 minutes) it was just average. The buffet had an omelet station Love the outdoor patio and the happy hour rocks!"  I wrote this review to call attention to a business practice which seems mutually detrimental to both the restaurant and the customer.  I don't hold grudges and I'm willing to treat the experience as a one-off." This is the perfect place to go with friends. Go in the spring best freaking restaurant and bar. all the food is amazing. all the drinks are amazing. all the staff are amazing. very knowledgeable too. I have a love hate relationship with their craft beer selection.  I love it because it's a nicely curated selection and there's always something I want to try.  I hate it because the beer I want is often kicked.  In fact  but ok.  We all agreed that we'd like to go back and try out a few other menu items.  Especially in the summer Great cocktails and atmosphere for a night with friends or hear downstairs for the bar atmosphere  it's fun to try your luck landing a table on the patio. Service can occasionally be slow outside and it almost always gets crowded Different flavors hitting my palate at just the right time made for a great night here.  I will definitely keep this on my short list when I need to calm myself after a hectic day at work."  especially after a couple of drinks. The bartenders are great (except for a douchebag that I believe has recently left). Harris boasts maybe the best brunch with amazing mimosas along with the buffet. In the summer months there is a chef that makes your omelettes however you want them right in front of you. Try the frozen cozmos- I have had some crazy nights off of those."  and relaxed. Service from Byron behind the bar was attentive without being overbearing. Nice people." It's a bar; it's a good bar--if you're looking for life changing event I would recommend staying home and punching yourself in the face if i were choosing a bar on elsworth for a pretty good time and more relaxed atmosphere I would go here. beer snobs Sitting outside eating the Mac Cheese + Chili + Pulled pork and drinking one of their many delish bourbon drinks I could not be any happier. good job Harris. Make sure to spend some time with the menu. It's a riot. Brilliant!" "This is a great place to go to during the summer time. I love sitting out on the patio. I got the chicken sandwich and my friend got the Pittsburgh salad. I would totally recommend getting any of the salads. The steak salad looked amazing (the people next to us got it) and the Pittsburgh salad tasted delicious. My sandwich was fine BTW it gets mega packed on the weekends. Prepare to wait (and maybe sample the drink menu)."  then the Harris and Shiloh grills are for you. Open for lunch now at 11:31 am. I removed a star because I had to circle the bar three times before I could park my car." Already went back within a week of my first visit to get another one of those white Russians - awesome!!!"  or come on a Sunday morning for their brunch (which is also nice)."  and lots of unique cocktails. The patio is very pleasant in the summer."  I have nothing but great things to say. The menu is hilariously superb and the bar items are excellent. I get the Ceaser salad frequently and also the macaroni and cheese and it is always top of the line. The ""f-bomb"" martini will satisfy any taste buds as it is always done right. The arugula steak salad is always a great choice and I could go on! Also be sure to visit its sister restaurant Shiloh on Mount Washington!" The menu is a little creative but has mostly basic bar food. If salad is your thing you must get the one with beets and goat cheese."  but service is not the greatest out there. Not a bad place but service could be better" Aside from the great food and drinks they are welcoming to all. My only complaint is the crowd. Maybe because it was a Friday night? Maybe because it was during the Pride Pub Crawl? I don't know... I just don't do well with screaming and obnoxious people as I'm trying to eat my sandwich and have a conversation with my friend. We were even upstairs and away from the bar. It's all whatever  I found one entire cigaret in the salad. CIGARET!!!! I have no idea how a cigaret can be in the salad. IT IS JUST DISGUSTING. We left without having the resting of the food." Tellem HITTofMCM sent ya!"  I will definitely be hitting this place up again. I just need to see where I can purchase one of those additional stomachs and an extra-stretchy pair of pajama jeans." PS. Tuesday is bacon night aka free bacon!" This place is awesome! Loved the outdoor patio and bacon night was on point! Also our server Paul was absolutely fantastic! Seriously such a nice guy! Definitely coming back! "Bacon night was fabulous. I will be back for more. Also we had great service with Paul the service guy  I really like their Sunday brunch menu.  If you are under 35 and are looking for a cool place to relax and grab a few drinks with friends this is it."  so I decided to head over to Harris Grill for a bite to eat on their deck. I ordered a glass of Merlot ($6) and their new roasted vegetable salad served with a side of fig dressing. For some reason or another  hipster place! The paintings on the walls have nuns and monks drinking and have a very artistic and fun vibe amongst the random gargoyle statues beside them! The menu is fun and is presented in a very comedic tone. They have an appetizer called ""Britney Spears"" rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA I didn't think the brunch selection was that great. The area where the buffet was located ended up being really cramped with everyone standing in line for their food."  try to go a little before 6:30pm to enjoy the last of their happy hour specials right before they start serving bacon. They have a nice selection of beer along with an extensive seasonal cocktail list (definitely recommend trying the frozen cosmo!) and a wide variety of wines. I enjoy coming here when the weather is nice and sitting out on their front patio.  I have only been here for happy hour and bacon night and have had the Spinach dip and Buffalo chicken dip. Both are great to snack on while drinking with friends.  Fun place to get together with friends for drinks and a few laughs."  I'd do it at least once a month or more.  The menu is diverse (and funny).  The service is timely and I saw a manager deal with a couple 'difficult' customers in a way that I'd want my manager to treat any customer.  Pittsburgh's lucky to have this place.  When we're back in town  based on reports from friends and the owner's comment (see below).  I'll have to come back another time to resample it--if I do No complaints here. I hope to come back with a smaller crowd." Great brunch deal! There will be a line if you arrive later than 11 am on Sunday because a 15-bucks buffet that has tons of wonderful food and one free coffee or juice or Bloody Mary just sounds so damn good! I love their waffles and egg Benny! But the dinner is just ok. That's why I only give a three to this one. Slightly expensive for what it was but whatevs."  two scoops of vanilla ice cream with a raspberry sauce (maybe chocolate sauce as well).. complete with whip cream. I loved it and i don't even care if you judge me for the calorie intake that i took in at this restaurant. I have full intentions on heading back before November is over to enjoy that dessert again!" Sometimes the drinks are better than others. I have ordered the same manhattan and the same bloody mary on different nights "I came here with a few friends today for a late lunch after a race. The service was quick and very friendly.  We ordered Totchos (tater tot nachos) to start and they were delicious! The buffalo chicken dip disappeared within minutes as it was better than any buffallo chicken dip any of us have had at a restaurant.  The seasonal cocktail menu was also great- I had the rum spiced cider and a pumpkin pie cocktail.  To top it off  a caouple of times. Harris Grill used to make awesome food an year ago..now its just boiled vegetablea..steak cut out for you..who would want that!!!!"  my service has always been great here. It can get quite busy and snotty at times from the customers who feel entitled to their neighborhood and the hosts hostesses take the brunt of that. They are really accommodating and very diplomatic dealing with the shittiness of some of the customers. That cannot be easy! Bartenders and servers have always been on top of service even during the busiest of nights."  many more summer evenings here whiling away the hours with great friends."  I mean maybe .. .. But overall it's always good. They always have living socials and groupons too!" "I have been here many many times and overall my experience is very good.  They have a good selection of drinks and decent food.  They mac-n-cheese dishes are delicious and so are their burgers (my favorite used to be their sliders but unfortunately they removed them from their recent menu). The ambiance is also great for both winter and summer (they have outdoor patios)  and there is some interesting religious art work on the walls." I had the Jamaican chicken mac special (the dish may have actually been titled ""Imagine the Rastabilities"").  The serving was huge  hangout and catch up with friends. The menu is funky and fun to read. Make sure you ask your waitress waiter if you have any questions about the food so you don't have any surprises when the food comes. The Mac and cheese is awesome!" So maybe Harris Grill will get another chance after it redeemed itself yesterday. All I have to remember is to not order a salad."  one of the best Shadyside happy hour spots. I'm already looking forward to spring so that I can sip some cosmos and unwind outside!"  drafts are half off from 4:30-6:30 every week day. I could see myself rotating between here and Mad Med for happy hour."  considering we are even greedier with our beers than we are with our bacon. Make sure to tip well and come often."  I'd be remiss if I didn't comment on the atmosphere. There's seating out doors for the warmer months. The building looks like it was a house at one time that got converted into a bar restaurant. There's an elegant staircase heading to the second floor Service was about what I'd expect for a place like this--not super attentive I'll be back next Tuesday  their prices. They are pretty expensive. I recently got my standard pierogies-and-mac meal for take out after not having visited for awhile "Went there with a Groupon; would've gladly paid full price. Hadn't been there in thirty years. Outstanding service Harris Grill is a fantastic place that gives you a well-proportioned and flavorful meal. I highly recommend going here if you need a burger fix or you need a place to enjoy with your close friends." Great ambience and good food! Got their spinach dip and lasagna aubergine. Both of those were amazing!  unquote ""chic"" neighborhood decides to do a remix of their space and menu.  That has been the death knell of many established restaurants. (I miss Eddie's Restaurant in the Hill District for a good old-fashioned soul food breakfast.  However One negative: sometimes the wait staff can be a bit on the slow side in following up after food is delivered. One time(not this past visit  they just put it on top.  So basically it was lobster mac and cheese with some bacon strips on top.  I was expecting either bacon bits mixed with everything or even bacon strips submerged in the cheese.  Nonetheless "Came here with a friend the other night for food and drinks. Had the pork sandwich and it was so-so. My friend had the jerk chicken mac and cheese and it was amazing. If I ever come back that's definitely what I'll get. Our server was a little wishy-washy and seemed like he was having a bad night. Overall Just be careful at the bar. The drinks are good but they can be very strong....the bartenders have a little bit of a heavy hand! I tend to order things that are bottled so as to avoid this. That being said  we were stuffed and very satisfied. I didn't think I could love Harris Grill more than I already did Excellent bar service and a few great dishes make this place one of my local favs!  Jerk Mac and cheese knows few rivals "Ask for Justin on the back porch. He's amazing. He knows his beer and has a really dry sense of humour  pierogies and sauteed veggies.  Wasn't a huge fan of the frozen cosmo (too bitter for me) but we enjoyed the atmosphere!"  which includes your first drink. (I recommend the frozen mimosa!) The buffet had a solid variety of quality eats - chicken & waffles (together or separate) Clean it up Harris Grill and I'll be back!" "Brunch on the patio with a complimentary bloody (or frozen mimosa)! All you can eat  I found the menu to be very irritating. Having ""cutesy"" names for all of the items on the menu made for a long ordering time because I had to read descriptions of each items as opposed to taking a quick glance at things with the fear that I may miss something that I would have preferred to order. Our server A neat place to keep in mind if you are in the neighborhood. I had no wait for a table for 4 on a holiday weekend." My favorite food - Mac and cheese with jerk chicken. It's good!!!" Given it's proximity to our apartment and our really nice experience  I would have just left after his opening line of telling us everything that wasn't available that night on menu (99% of the menu) in lightning speed. Totally stressful. UGH. Horrible experience. Salmon salad was not good at all. Will not be going back ever."  he had a steak sandwich that he loved and I had a unique strip steak over mac and cheese. The decor is a mix of grill and grunge with the right amount of humor. Definitely a step above in terms of feel "What a cool place. We were having a bad night out for food. One place packed one place blaaaaa. We walked out of place two. That's when we went to Shadyside and went to The Harris Grill. We have seen it before but never have gone and I'm not sure what we waited. Cool place great atmosphere and the food was top notch. My wife went with the steak salad with the steak RARE and they hit the mark. I had a sample and it was great. Me I opted for the vegetarian zucchini pasta dish. It was awesome. Zucchini Harris Grill is very yummy. I frequented there for awhile! The menu will make you laugh and the options are pretty good. Typical bar food and REALLY good Mac and cheese. Best for late night and dinner. I was not impressed by the brunch buffet and they don't serve lunch. Would only go for dinner.  this is where I met my fianc!  I also like their frozen cosmos... They're delicious!" "Went for lunch. Really fantastic service. Good menu options. Food was okay. Okay  but a really trendy place in a cute part of the city. The mac and cheese and desserts are incredible. Its dark inside but the unique food makes up for it!"  I was pleased with my meal and with the amount I owed once I got my receipt. I'm really going to have to come here on Tuesday to experience bacon night. I hear it's a good time." Dislikes include the long waits 000 of my questions! Thx for patience and information!   Tuesday is Bacon Night!  Free bacon at bar after 630!  Happy Hour (430-630) is throughout the 2 story restaurant including  $5 apps (Dry-Rub Bacon Wings are fantastic as well as calamari ) and half price frozen Cosmos!  Yum! Menu is fun to read!  Here on business but if ever back in town Parking can be challenging on Ellsworth so be prepared to walk a bit."  but is a hard place to converse due to the only seats facing one direction (instead of facing each other.)"  The buffet always kept with a decent amount of everything so we didn't have to wait at all. Everything that I had was of decent quality and for the price I really can't complain! Needless to say I've been here four times now and have yet to be disappointed. The servers I've had have been very knowledgable of the (very entertaining and unique) menu and specials offered at the time. The atmosphere is very relaxed and comfortable without being too loud. An upstairs lounge area is great for relaxing nights out with a few friends. The food is delicious (highly recommend the Mac and cheese). Always a great experience!  it's a diverse menu which makes it easy to dine there with a large group of friends or family because of the variety.  They also have a full bar and a great selection of beers and wine available.  The atmosphere is casual and laid back and I've been there for work events on a few occasions and we've always been pleased.  I will definitely be back!"  but the Mac & Cheese is so good that I don't know if I can ever visit Harris without getting some. It is SO creamy and cheesy and they will make it custom with pretty much whatever you want. Onions? Mushrooms? Fried Egg? Tator tots? Yes. Please go get some." "My 1 star is as misleading as their drink menu. Who the fuck has a table of contents on their drink menu. I instantly saw ""Grill cocktails.........4"" and so I ordered a cocktail. I get my bill The food was really terrible..I ordered the well done rising titanic burger.... after almost 45 mins they came with a pink burger....after I complained they bring a bacon burger instead with over coocked side vegetables! "Amazing experience! I travel to a lot of countries and states for work so I eat out and Stay in plenty of towns and cities we were in town from the Cleveland area for a mini vacation! This has been by far one of the best dining and bar experiences I've had! Took my girlfriend here for her 31st birthday! She went to The college nearby and said I wouldn't be disappointed! She was absolutely right! The food was superb and even though we had to wait 45 mins for a table it worked out And was Worth it  from said skeptic mama to my 86-year-old grandfather. The service is excellent and the ambiance welcoming. Harris  Harris Grill is the place to be. I was not hungover but still enjoyed the complimentary mimosa. Any of their options would have been great but I ended up having the mini chicken sandwiches. I was able to enjoy my food and catch up with old friends without having to shout. Affordable and yummy food makes Harris Grlll a go-to place for brunch." Have been here a couple times for brunch in the last few months. Great food and love that the brunch comes with a drink! Will keep coming back. "The Harris Grill has remained one of my favorite places to eat in the Pittsburgh area for years. The food is amazing My family was in town visiting and we wanted to stop and relax for some brunch before they hit the road. I can not say enough about our waiter! He did so great with my two year old niece and my sister (who was a server herself) said it was the best treatment she's had with a two year old in a very long time. Thank you for all being so considerate. The food was awesome and we will definitely be back!  they have above average food at a reasonable price.  A few of the negatives are the limited bar seating which often fills up at busy times  but I keep returning because the staff is wonderful and the food and the drinks are fantastic!! Definitely a good place to go if you want to make friends and eat fresh comfort food. I am addicted to their frozen mimosas." FLAWLESS & WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK."  and it has been over a year since we've been here.  But as always we've been very pleased with our meals and the waitstaff at this location." Good food great atmosphere nice dining room great outdoor seating cool bar friendly staff cold beer nice variety of mixed drinks specially drinks BOOM!!! "My cousin recommended this place. It had a nice ambiance and a cool decor. I ordered the seafood macaroni and cheese. It was excellent! I would personally prefer more seafood If you're looking for a fun and hip-but-not-very-hipster new American joint  and said that was some of the best vegetarian chili he's had before (he ate the whole thing in 6 bites)." Ordered food through GrubHub on a particularly-cold day and it arrived hot delicious! Ordered a bowl--pierogies are out-of-this-world and the tofu had a bit of a spice to it. Grilled veggies were nice. Never been to Harris Grill even though I'm in their 'hood but will def frequent it from now on!  and he still really enjoyed his burger.  I definitely give their menu credit for being so creative (both with dishes and names of the dishes). I have dined here twice before and also had very good experiences both times. I will definitely be back!" cocktails - Moscow mule was good and Happy Ending was Fantastic!! - highlight of my day."  it was difficult to shake the grime and distinct sense of dinginess. Thankfully their grub redeemed the experience though the draft list left some room for improvement. Next time? Patio only fo sho!" Great salads and so much more to choose from. Menu offers so many fun choices. Nice place for Sunday brunch." Love this place and the staff. Recommend the calamari as a starter! And then try everything else. Lol  I found this place really not worth the price. My husband and I got a bacon cheese burger and a pork sandwich.  The burger was ok. We asked for medium rare but it was medium cooked. The sandwich and grilled vegetables sides were very salty and dry."  and gourmet. Tasted just as amazing as you would guess from the descriptions. About 20 a meal for dinner per person. Id have given it 5 stars but we went at 3:30 and there was only one other two top in the restaurant and we were still there until 5  they got you covered. Great service and kitchen guaranteed open until 10pm.  I would give some examples but I eat here weekly without a bad experience. Everything is good. 4 lunch special and 4 dinner specials change daily. Get anyone and you will be happy. If I had to give you my go to item I would have to say the Prime Rib for dinner and the French Dip and Wedding soup for lunch. Appetizer is either Fried Zucchini or the baked Artichokes.  Sunday Brunch is so good I can't even explain in words. If I had to say a negative I would have to say it can be a little pricey at times This will be my last family dinner at the old place. I will take my business to a place that has better food and a place that values it's customers."  and overall it was frustrating."  and smashed redskin potatoes.  Best prime rib I've had in a long time.  It was huge and almost 2in thick!  They did a nice job.  Potatoes were good and very buttery.  Service was good.  Several waiters picked up our plates and packaged our leftovers.  Never an empty glass.  Restrooms were clean.  I will definitely be back.  Total with tip was $90 and very worth it. This is really a great place!"  the service is friendly and the food quality is very good.  I only wish they had a better selection of beer on tap."  but it was just as good as I remembered. Prime rib on a Sunday night and cooked perfectly for me. I like it rare and it was. My daughter had the crab cakes which were good sized and she liked them. We will go again I'm sure."  after we waited 45 min. One free draft of Iron City was the managers apology. Yeah I think for the price we'll go somewhere nice from now on..."  the service was great.  If you want a drink with your mea this is the place!  They have a big variety on their menu with two different specials every day.  Eat here; you won't be sorry!"  who does the restaurant makeovers. He would take it from the dark place that it is and bring the decor into 2016. They would draw a younger crowd. You need younger diners for when the seniors aren't able to dine out anymore. They have a good menu and most of the food is good. Sometimes you sacrifice environment for food. This was one of those times." Very nice cute little place for brkfast and lunch. My Linda and her smiling face. Best customer service and fantastic people  good service and be on your way style dining :)" qqVmZ3H7j06pcJFaSA4pcg qqVmZ3H7j06pcJFaSA4pcg  delicious food and clean environment. The owner Linda is great. She has an adorable British accent and very hospitable." Breakfast is my fzvititr mesl and Tic Toc is a gem"  the second time they were out of the usual sliced white meat chicken and replaced it with what appeared to be shredded leg meat and finally today they only had half a small to go cup of dressing.  All three of these items seem to be very important to making a salad that only has 4 ingredients.  If I would have known this upfront I would not order the cesear salad.  I guess I should always ask before I order to ensure that they have all of the ingredients.  In addition Me and my boyfriend went there for breakfast one day. He ordered the egg Benedict and it was not great. The sauce on it was lackluster. But the hot coco was amazing :) I stopped by Tic Toc Diner for breakfast today and was very pleased. I ordered the Western omelet with toast and hash browns and I must say that it was fantastic. I love the outdoor seating that is right on the street which makes this place a great way to start off your day!!! The only downside is that this place can be a bit pricey just for breakfast but its worth it!!! I'll be back - very cute little old timey diner!" The first time I went for lunch I ordered the Baja quesadilla and I almost cried because the chicken on it tasted like a dish that we eat in Mexico. Besides the quesadilla my other two favorites are two vegetarian sandwiches Fallafel and Jeniffer  and right by the house...." The service is always great too!"  friendly and talkative." Great place for a good meal and internet without spending too much money. :-)" Friendly staff n good food! "Stopped in around midnight on a Saturday night after the Carolina Rebellion show. Our waitress was kind of short with us but she was polite. I just think she was in a hurry due to the number of tables she had. That aside The little bubble in my head said what does she mean by that response.  I figured the cook forget the blueberries at last minute .  Did not look like the menu pic.  Can't  believe that they serve us that. Oh I didnt want to give them one star but didnt have a choice. Not good service at all went in on a saturday morning around 10 a.m got seated they didnt take our drink order just sat us with the menu. waited about 20 mins saw the waitress a couple of times never made eye contact with us then finally after 30 min of no drinks or any contact we got up and left manager was no where to be found.  and all my food was made with love to perfection."  and the bacon and sausage links were soggy. The toast and hash browns were the only items cooked correctly. My wife's omelette was filled with unmelted cheese I'm never coming back to a Denny's. If I could give zero stars then I would."  comparable to IHOP...will visit again if in the area I gave 1 star only because the software requires it.  Denny's owes me money and an apology." So amazing and nice employees. Great food like great. It's weird that it's this good but I come here once a week and it is godly  then went and washed them off and served them again. Service was mediocre (being kind) which she did try to make up for with a free dessert. Glad I won't be coming to this location anymore." My advice? Order to-go." "Impossible to believe the changes in the quality of the food and service we had. I don't know if they have new management or we happened to hit the right night with the right cook Kids still eat free on Tuesday so that is always nice. And they have a wide variety for the kid's menu. Even if it is not free "First time here. Not impressed. The place isn't even halfway full but it still took while a to get our food. Our waiter was rushing and not actively listening. For example: I asked for butter for my sons pancakes and a saucer to put the extra food on seeing as his plate was over flowing. He brought back the butter only. I then reminded him of the saucer and he returned with a bowl. I said sir  their milkshake smoothie machine wasn't working correctly and instead of telling us it took the guy till our food was on the table to bring our kids their shakes and they looked awful!  The manager sits at the counter and watches while the servers run around trying to handle the customers without the tools necessary to do their jobs. I know that it's Dennys and I shouldn't expect much but there is something to be said for friendliness. The food was good though Nice family place with a 50's deco." Fake 50's decor and kitsch - primary reasons for visiting here.  Need more really GOOD casual (not fast food) eateries near the Arboretum." This place reminded me of the neighborhood diners of old.They serve breakfast and burgers and other diner fare.While the food was pretty good the service left a little to be desired did not have the excessive wait as other posters{thank goodness)but was disappointed with the friendliness of the server in general.If your planning on grabbing lunch have patience because they have pretty heavy lunch traffic. "The food is actually fairly mediocre.  But with an endless supply of buy one get one coupons they distribute  but I think these places are kind of lame.  My parents used to take me up here when I was younger.  They put my fries in these old classic car trays and would post them up in my room.  I went here for a nostalgic feeling It's not an earth-shatteringly wonderful dining experience I've taken out-of-town friends and family to Good Ol' Days for someplace different after I've already taken them to my favorite breakfast place (Pewter Rose) the day before.  You can't go wrong with a 50s diner; there's something for everyone.  And this one usually offers great "Skip this place until you are eligible for SSI retirement benefits. The curmudgeon bartender is almost pissed to have new patronage  because his personality seems to be a curious mix of hung-over crocodile and rubber spatula.  My conclusion is that he must be independently wealthy:  I'm guessing that the geriatric regulars are not the highest tipping bunch  I am done with this location.  There are plenty of businesses that want your patronage  it is not the most scenic of  restaurants I wanna be awesome when I'm 90.  *crossing my fingers*"  Great Price. You can't go wrong with this place." Great place for great breakfasts and service. Home cooked and friendly competent staff. Good inexpensive cafe food. Pleasant waitresses. Things on menu you won't find in franchise restaurants. We got there around 8:30am (on a weekday) and almost had the place to ourselves but more people kept trickling in as we ate." I live in Colorado and was returning home to Wisconsin for a wedding. So happy to find this amazing little diner off of Highway 151. A hardy old-fashioned breakfast with real food and friendly service "Stayed at the hotel across the street and found this place. Wound up going twice. Good service  one of the other 3 tables in the restaurant had to interrupt them to ask for more coffee. We sat waiting for a few more minutes for someone to take our order but finally got up and walked out. No one said a word. I'm not even sure they noticed. Skip this dive and go to Sir Hobos. The service at Sir Hobos is always prompt and friendly; their food and menu options are great!"   booths were filthy (could you vacuum the crevice of the sears??)  Prices were up "Solid little country diner in my opinion. Don't go in expecting glitzy decor or anything fancy. The food was good enough to take me back to high school when we ""ruffians"" would hang out at places like these. The service was good too. Fast and friendly "I used to go to this place with my mom when I was younger. Recently started going again and literally nothing has changed. Food comes in generous portions for a low price. It's always the same fast  was able to get a seat and asked what I'd like to drink and served very quickly. Service was on point and spectacular My family and I have been coming here for years!!! The staff is soooo friendly and the service is top notch. The food is very good and the portion sizes are fantastic for the price. The country fried steak and the ranch are my wife and I favorite meals. I love that it is family owned and they treat every guest like family. Such a great atmosphere and everyone is always helping or doing something. If you are looking for a great meal at a reasonable price and a good Family atmosphere this is definitely your place!  coffee was nasty. Could have been a bad day but will never come here again. Threw up in parking lot right after eating. If I could give zero stars I would...." This restaurant is good to average. Better than Pine Cone truck stops. AWESOME country fried steak but not many if at all gluten free choices. Really efficient denny's! Great in a pinch. It's Denny's.  What can I say.  Typical chain food.  Service is good.  Kids love it.  Comfortable atmosphere.  Prices are low.  fearing that the Kitchen (shielded from view) would be worse than what customers are able to see.  I would recommend someone inspect the air quality and cleaniness of this establishment."  literally.  This place is UNDERSTAFFED!  It took two hours to eat breakfast this morning for three adults and a child.  I have never had to a wait upon entering a restaurant not because there were no tables  shitty service.  I'd say I won't go back to this location but I think this is just a matter of Denny's in general.  In middle school I was at a Denny's in Philadelphia and this dude came in with a bloody rag over his hand asking my sister to help find his girlfriend.  Actually I should review that Denny's.  Why do I like this place?" "Horrible service. We waited 35 minutes to get waited on and waited 35 more minutes before we asked to see a manager. He then was the one to bring out our food well after we'd been there over an hour. Other tables which had arrived after us in the neighboring ""section"" had already been served Went here on a very busy Sunday morning.  We did not have to wait long to be seated.  Our waitress was wonderful.  I had some kind of a skillet and it was very good.  I tried to eat it all bu failed. Can't really go wrong with grabbing a bite here "I've been realzing I tend to review mainly when I'm upset and working on it but I'm not even upset right now and need to give this a 2..solely based off my past FOUR experiences Can't really go wrong with grabbing a bite here "Monty's is a Madison favorite.  Breakfast all day.  Fantastic comfort food.  Friendly service.  Veggie options.  While nothing spectacular Great old school diner with some tasty comfort food.  I can't see what the fuss is all about with Monty's.  It's certainly a staple of the Madison community  including a fantastic ""Sheldon"" sandwich--their veggie analog to the Rueben.  Fresh hot fries would have nudged this rating to five stars."  chicken in a pie and salmon cakes were both luke-warm and tasted like they had lived under a warming lamp for quite some time. This place it not worth the reputation."  if you want a good meaty burger or fish or something else that once had a face  I have experienced legendary slow service so dine with only people you can stand being around for 2 hours or more.  Despite the negative Old school -- I enjoyed the meatloaf and there are some really great options if you are dining with a vegetarian. I would have happily given another point if only the staff could have found the gluten-free menu."  but not too many for us meat eaters (yum)" The staff always seems sort of out of it and not thrilled to interact with customers. We regularly wait long stretches to get some attention from our server once we are sat. But the faked-up old diner feels groovy and you always leave painfully full."  and recently been replaced by 3 kinds of pastrami sandwiches.   The grilled chicken salad is good  only to leave with a renewed resolve that there are many better options available." "What a cute little place.  Doesn't seem like the smoothest run location.  The food we were served was good and served as requested....they serve breakfast all day I will most certainly be coming back."  I'm a connoisseur of vegetarian reubens. I've tried them all over the country in CA I've determined that the secret to getting good service from anyone here is to be a hot looking college girl...  that seemed to keep the waiter's attention focused on the table next to mine...  Maybe she was one of the more positive posters here." I wont have room after the regular food so I end up taking home the pie. Never been there without having to wait for 20 minute or so. But it's all worth the wait. I just wish they make the place just a little bigger or do soemthing about the noise level.  I'm a meat eatter but I tried their bean burger there and now that's all I eat there. Besides the dessert."  we tried some of their desserts and enjoyed the diner atmosphere from our cozy booth.  Well done  but at least the biscuit was good.  I'm convinced the Mornay sauce is sausage gravy - I used to live in France and never had Mornay sauce like the stuff at Monty's!  Still - I give the place props for having so many vegetarian options.  It's fun to go out and have more to choose from than an iceberg lettuce salad or grilled cheese." Top it all off with a Cup of Mud or an off the hook slice of pie or cake and you have one amazing meal that can only be found in Mad-town."  I must.  I must also remember to save room for dessert!  Look forward to returning sooner than later to try some of the other new lunch options on the menu.  Only downer is the wait/lack of parking on a busy day.  Overall Madison needs a place like this which offers vegan brunch foods so I appreciate Blue Plate is around. The vibe is good and they have parking. But the quality of the food could stand to improve a bit." 4mQ87wMbOMSjF-MGyQmhDw fjaQ3Ixkofh8xGhklUtDnA "Monty's is awesome.  Their vegetarian comfort food is great and there are lots of choices.  Get the spicy waffle fries with your sandwich; they are not actually spicy "I live down the road from Monty's and it's being in walking distance helps give it a half a star. I also tend to go at off-peak times which I think has helped me have a better experience (mid mornings on the weekends can get very crowded and you'll have a wait). I've tried many things here and have never had anything bad. Some things though were just meh. I really enjoyed their french toast. It was big and fluffy on the inside and cooked just right on the outside. Their omelets and other egg dishes I've tried were pretty standard. The serving sizes are pretty big. I'm not a veg  since the street arrangement in that area is totally wacky. However "Another one of my weekend staples. Monty's is the best diner in Madison--mainly because of their great vegetarian selection (they have a whole vegetarian SECTION...a relieving site for hungry vegetarian eyes.) My carnivorous friend are big fans of Monty's as well fjaQ3Ixkofh8xGhklUtDnA Tried the Fat Elvis Cake... AMAZING!  Banana bread-cake layered with peanut butter frosting topped with chocolate frosting... Will definately get this again!" My fondness for Monty's justifies the caps."  but the amount of vegetarian options is fantastic and deserves another star." Good place to come with a group of old friends or your kids (if they know how to act right in public...)"  I my fries were cold and my glass was dirty and cracked. A companion ordered a plain cheeseburger and it was loaded with onions. The carrot cake was obviously old--the cake was dried and the frosting was crusty. Another companion got the German chocolate cake which was also dry. It's a cool place  Monty's is worth a try." Oh! And lots of vegetarian options  but I'm thinking these Madison institutions thrive on folks who would rave about a can of Spaghettios if it was served as an original dish and was priced at $8.95... because that was my experience with a turkey club. I can't tell you what it tasted like "The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because there is ALWAYS a wait The upshot is that if you think you'll enjoy eating at a diner that's 70% greasy spoon and 30% hipster hot spot  you make my booty more bootylicious. Mmm." The cupcakes are a must have as well. I tried the Fat Elvis and was amazed; banana cake stuffed full of peanut butter and frosted with plenty of chocolate! Now i see why everyone loves the bakery here." This place would have gotten 5 stars except the service when we went was slower than we would have liked and they somehow gave away our 3 year old's mac and cheese." "I like this place because they have so many vegetarian options. I loved the vege BLT with strips of tempeh yummy :) I love the atmosphere of the place as well. I do think their prices are kind of high  the blue plate is a Madison delight that should not be missed.  The food is so good you'll be stuffed in a recliner when you get home pining for more." Our server was friendly and everything we ordered was delicious." "My wife and I have been here twice and have loved it each time!  This is not only a nice place to go if you're craving something vegetarian.  They have great sandwiches and bowls that are enjoyable I never manage to save room for dessert All-in-all the tasty food and the kitschy atmosphere make it worth the wait." sent a mole into the kitchens of Monte's to snag the recipe. Yes Side notes: I LOVE diners. Also  that turns into a positive when you're with a hungry 11month old. :)" "Hash was a smash for me. Also Tim the owner sang us a Dylan song. Great biscuits  the lunch offerings have also always been good.  I don't think you can really go wrong here.  Decor screams old-time diner We had a wonderful breakfast here but the most wonderful thing was that the manager sang for us... We loved it--- the place brought back all the warm fuzzy feelings that we get for Madison and Wisconsin and we were here with our son and girlfriend and had a great time...  adult beverage selection is to die for. Bloody mary's on a sunday morning? Yes please."  but we found it rather obnoxious because we were sick of waiting. I'll give him some slack because there were a lot of people seated outside  what more could you ask for? They even have a giant selection of pies! Voted best veggie restaurant in madison  yet has vegan options and bean salad as an alternative to fries! Yes  and have never left disappointed. It's an easy choice on my ""vegan"" days when I still want something that feels sort of bad for you and diner-y (versus Green Owl  good portions... If you're in the area I definitely suggest you hit this place up. Mail me the leftovers!" I wish there was a place like this nice cute vegetarian restaurant in our town. I've been there only once but my husband and I are still talking about how much we liked the food there.  it was cashew...) to put on EVERYTHING. Amazing shakes and malts complete the perfect comfort/diner food experience."  also great and the portions were easily enough for two people.  Once again Monty came out and greeted his diners!  Ordered a piece of Fat Elvis cake to go The food was fantastic and the staff was extremely welcoming. The cook even came out and told a few jokes. I will return whenever I pass through Madison "Yum! Monty's was absolutely adorable. After eating dinner there I can say with certainty this will become one of my new regulars. Right when I walked in I knew it would be a place I would enjoy. The atmosphere was that of an older Delightful meal.  Everything about it matched the hippy dippy quarky way of MadCity life.  Service was a shade slow and it wasn't crowded by any means "Friendly staff and nice selection of vegetarian options.  Food is just okay "Eh. This place is ""fine"". I'm not terribly impressed with it. I could probably get better breakfast somewhere else. Plus its ALWAYS so so so busy in there. I like that they have a ton of vegetarian options. Which is rare for breakfast places. But meh. Its not amazing food." Is it just me or is it always cold in there?"  I visited there this weekend and the service was blazing fast. I had the goat cheese chicken sandwich and it was excellent!"  but I take it to go.. I hate being the creep lone diner - no Table for One ... There is on weird waiter I must admit but the food is so good .... I like their hash and their tofu scramble ..." Try the Meatloaf sandwich for lunch. Yum!  There waffle fries are also delicious. They have a display of pies in the front Service was great and I like the atmosphere but I wouldn't say it's anything special (except for the the shakes and meatloaf - fit for the gods for sure!). Nice new 'local meats' section of the menu."  both are equally good but I keep coming back for the eggs mornay! I've also had their red velvet cupcakes which are pretty great too!"  still keeping its standards high and keeping people like me wishing they still lived in Madison! Great place. Great food. Great people."  but it generally isn't an issue because the place is pretty small." But don't let that stop you.  There's an amazing bakery display case in the front that is worth a stop alone." "Monty's is a place you can go where the veg selections don't feel like an afterthought.  Order ""The Sheldon""...  Trust me.  Also  Monty's......I love you Monty's. I love your grilled chicken salad. I love all your sandwiches. I love the coffee and fountain drinks. I get frustrated when the wait is long....and I'm sorry..the pies are beautiful and the fillings are delicious  but you get a lot of food! I've gotten poached eggs twice since I wrote my more negative review of Monty's The only knock I have on this place is the overall vibe.  The staff always goes above and beyond what I would expect fjaQ3Ixkofh8xGhklUtDnA  and dinner are all very good--but I just can't help thinking that it's overpriced when I go there.  It seems like it should be diner-priced . . . but almost $9 for a grilled cheese seems a bit steep to me.  Their desserts are to die for I would definitely go back over and over again! And I'll wait with no problem because that usually means that the food is worth it..."  our simple dinner came to $22 for both. We skipped the dessert simply because we ran out of room in our tums." "My girlfriend and I stopped here for dinner last night and we were both impressed with the quality and the price of the diner food. The beef is local "Yum & cool. Zucchini pancakes! Feeling like you want retro? Monty's is the place.  Madison has the best food  and I did get it to go. Thanks for the ketchup and mustard packets - now that's classy. I have no reason to set foot in this place. Every experience I've had up to point makes me wonder why I bothered to return one more time. Maybe there's something wrong with my palate  so it was really nice to visit Madison and return to find it just as great as I remember.  Great atmosphere and excellent service.  Really excellent service. I had the Blackened Salmon Salad  I've always liked it here. Service can be hit or miss. Food is pretty good. Milkshakes are hurt-your-teeth sweet." "The meatloaf in every form is superb. There are three options  I can stomach a TNT BLT because someone I'm with persuades me to give Monty's one . . . more . . . try."  a great diner all around.  Highly suggest (especially the desserts!)" Next time I'm in Madison I'd like to try it for breakfast." good diner food with lot's of tasty vegetarian options and with pie or cheesecake for dessert... Amazing place in Madison. One of the best places iv ever had breakfast. Everything iv tried at this place is grade A. Everything from the standard run of the mill breakfast to there omelets and scrambles. The decor of the building (inside and out) is fantastic and really gives an old school diner feel. This place is definitely worth a visit for breakfast sometime (they serve breakfast all day so if your a late riser you can still get some of the delicious food here).  and the place is always clean. Their Heathen Vegan Shoplifter's Delight sandwich is possibly the best thing I've ever tasted. The only downside is that I'm always too full to try one of their great looking desserts!" Hbq7RBmUFmg-zNSKRkMOnA Many people love this diner.  If you're a mac-and-cheese type person "Sweet potato hash is fantastic!  The tofu scramble has a bit of a spicy kick and is a great option for vegans.  In fact This is the place to be." One of my favorite brunch spots in Madison.  Good vegan and vegetarian options as well.  I'm a meat-eater and have had one or two of their all veggie dishes and been very impressed (I like the tofu scrambler)  Another favorite is whatever the scrambler of the day is.  Good reuben for lunch too.  and it sure was ultimate! The best mac n' cheese I've ever had. The portion size was definitely enough for two to share. I tried not to think about the calories that I was consuming when I downed the entire bowl plus the two pieces of garlic bread that came with it." There's nothing particularly compelling here for me to write about. My food was enjoyable I think it was the hot fudge."  its traditional american diner feel w/ a twist of Madison.  Great spot for a sit down lunch on a road trip." "I LOVE this place-I went to L'Etoile on Friday night and Monty's Blue Plate on Saturday afternoon-guess where I had the better meal?!?  Monty's won by a landslide-a giant bowl of veggie chili The other added bonus is Monte's is located in the Willy Street area...the more eclectic part of ""downtown""." I've never had a disappointing meal there. I miss it like a long-lost lover." "One of our favorite Madison restaurants!  Great food (most of the time) and fast.  The non-booth side feels like a cafeteria For what it's worth this is probably my #1 favorite restaurant in Madison  menu reads very well and you expect to get a great meal Skip the soul-less chain and go to any family-owned business in the area instead. Stalzy's comes to mind." If you have a choice to make for eats in that part of town  because the ice cream was the only thing that saved it. I had been really excited by the variety of pies and cakes at the counter but either they are not homemade or they are made by people who don't like to bake. Either way  etc.) I think I'd be up for returning on a future trip to Madison. A late-night sugar fix might be more in the cards than breakfast next time  but we had with our glasses empty the WHOLE time we were eating.  We never saw her again.  We took out our credit card so if she did swing by she could take it and we could go.  If it weren't for the service we receive I would consider going back." I'd like to see where some of these other reviewers recommend people eat." I always try and get here at least once when I go to Madison.  The food is always good.  I love the tofu scramble.  A great mix of traditional diner food with some great healthy alts. "I've been here a couple times. The food is outstanding. 2nd best biscuits this side of the Mason Dixon Line. And a cheese curd in my Bloody Mary? Yes fjaQ3Ixkofh8xGhklUtDnA  only to receive hard boiled eggs. It completely ruined the dish and my want to ever come back. Not to mention that the food is always mediocre. Not happy and not coming back." Always popular with the veggie/vegan crowd for the multitude of imitation food offerings  two can be stuffed for $30. Friendly service by the mostly college student/artsy young person staff. If you're looking for a good solid (but not fancy-shmancy) meal on the E. Side of Madison  milkshakes?! Always a good experience. I recommend getting the breakfast burrito it is delicious." "This was 1 of my final 2 breakfasts in the great state of WI as I am leaving for Seattle on Wednesday this week. My mother and I came here on her request to go someplace new before I left town. I had not been here myself so I took her up on the offer. Our food was great! Good service fjaQ3Ixkofh8xGhklUtDnA Monty's offers fantastic diner food and a wide range of fruit and cream pies. You can't go wrong here." I'm eyeballing the Chorizo for my next visit  I mean it's a place that doesn't mind me being a brat. And if they ever say no? That'll be ok with me. I may go once a week instead of my typical 3-4 (seriously how does that happen?) but I'll still go!"  I was determined to wait it out at Monty's for as long as it took - which ended up being only ten minutes at around 11:30 a.m. on a Sunday.  The wait was well worth every second.  My breakfast companion and I had the meatless meatloaf - a melange of carrots and other vegetables  but last time we tried it had a terrible experience.  Wanted to order fish and was told they no longer served it.  About 5 minutes later the same waitress brings out a huge fish plate for the lady next to us.  We are like "" What the HECK"" ????  Needless to say if we are not good enough to eat what anyone else gets  food quality to be consistently high and prices to be reasonable.  Monty's is worth the occasional short wait for a table."  melon and a biscuit. The fruit was fresh and complimented the hash well. The biscuit wasn't bad but would have been much better if it had been served warm." One of my favorite breakfast places in Madison.  The salmon hash is a dream.  And Tim bakes the best biscuits in town! "NEVER had a bad meal at Blue Plate.  Great for any meal of the day.  Service always good whether you are at a table "I have only good things to say about Monty's! If you like unpretentious food that is filled to the brim with flavor you will also like Monty's. We had the meatloaf and chicken in a pie at our table. I think I said ""yumm"" no less than 9 times...really it couldn't be helped! The turtle cheesecake I got to go was also pretty spectacular. I appreciated the service as well. Our server was friendly and available without being overbearing. It was the perfect dinner."  decked out vegan breakfasts!  No wimpy smoothies or oatmeal here.  I'm talking tofu scramble and vegan hash.  I'm in love..."  I'd happily swing back into Monty's for another scrumptious breakfast."  amazing service. Will be back soon."  but because you made my grandparents very happy too and that rocks in my book.  I will definitely be back!"  good service.  Without a doubt I will be back if in the area.  But I will skip desert." good breakfast !! good service !! good place if your in Madison Everything I have ever tried here is delicious! The cupcakes are to die for! "Food was delicious. A touch pricey for a ""diner"" but worth it one we were eating. Service was good too One of my favorite places to eat.   Zucchini Pancakes are awesome!!!  We mostly eat breakfast here but I'm sure lunch and dinner are just as good. Go to Monty's. NOW.  You will NOT be disappointed." Little cramped seating for four but the food makes up for any seating issue. What an eclectic menu for a diner!  The ambiance is just what you would expect from a classic 60's diner.  I had a ruben and some fries and it was really good!  Most places use processed corned beef.  Theirs was real sliced beef...very tender and very flavorful.  Probably the best ruben I have ever had.  I had to try the pie too since they tease you with a great display right when you walk in.  The French silk was really rich and chocolaty.  Definately worth the stop if you are in the area or passing through. Monty's fruits pies are all vegan (i didn't know this). Pies are so-so for my taste "Walnut Burger is the way to go.. Their bean salad as a side option is Delish. Not expensive "Visited with my family for first time. I have vegan diet and they don't "I love that this diner offers vegetarian/vegan options. Perfect for me and my omnivore hubby. Our waitress was great  yummy eggs. Biscuits are decent! Boyfriend was happy with his meal as well (simple eggs  try the Vegetarian Hash or the Meatless Loaf of the Gods. Both are insanely tasty and huge!" Also a random note: despite its appearance as an old fashioned diner  Friday night's dinner at Monty's was very disappointing and I probably won't come back any time soon.  The host at the counter was not friendly.  My sandwich came on bread that was literally hard as a rock and then my husband was done eating before I even started my dinner because I sent it back and waited for new bread. The bread the second time around was greasy and the sandwich itself was dripping in grease.  GROSS.  My husband ordered the fish fry and they forgot part of his order.  It was just a bad day for Monty's....I might be back for dessert someday." "My wife and i love this place for lunch or dinner. Not so awesome on the breakfast end unfortunately. But there's a great selection for vegans and vegitarians alike. Our favorite is the Heathan Vegan. One of the best sandwiches ever! And that it's served with waffle fries makes it only more appealing. The veggie meatloaf is also fantastic as is the gravy that's served on it. Service can be a bit iffy at times. But the one time it was so terrible for us we ended up complaining we got a $25 ""we're sorry"" coupon. Not bad. Over all though you can't go wrong at Monty's." "This place is always excellent.    I've never left unhappy.    Even amongst so many good offerings in Madison  or you can opt for a tofu scramble or zucchini potato pancakes.  What more could you ask for?  I have only eaten here for breakfast The Vegetarian Hash is a must have ! fjaQ3Ixkofh8xGhklUtDnA Stopped here for dinner before going out. Our server was friendly and efficient. The 50's diner motif was cute. Tons of vegetarian and gluten free options if you're into that sort of thing. I had the roasted turkey club and it was tasty. Awesome dessert options too so save room!  lots of vegetarian and vegan options.  They have breakfast all day and quite a few hot veggie sandwiches.   I finished my meal with banana cream pie -Staff brought water to a puppy who was sitting outside with his humans."  zoning out while the shake's bein' made thinking to myself ""Did I just order a six-dollars n' 38 cent shake? Sure did. A shake? Milk The sweet potato hash with tofu scramble was especially good." fjaQ3Ixkofh8xGhklUtDnA  and that's being generous. There's tons of better restaurants in the area and in the city.  Never going back  pan fried potatoes and homemade biscuits. We also had the almond milk French toast. To top it off  pretty fast but low quality compared to other places on Willy street and mediocre compared to the many good options in Madison."  and the prices are great. I ordered the breakfast burrito and enjoyed it very much. I would definitely go back to Monty's"  just fabulous. Service is spectacular and food is beyond amazing. The wait was awhile  came with a side of fruits. Coffee was really strong and just what I needed for the morning. My boy friend got the steak hash. It was alright for the price "I felt like a diner had been transplanted from the past  followed by the best bumbleberry pie ever. Best place for comfort food. Did I mention the pie??" We stopped here on a road trip from Minneapolis to Chicago.  So glad we did. The meatloaf was the best ever.  but I should have. All I've learned about my visit is that I will have to make another trip before my next Barrymore concert!"  but there was no warm-feeling deliciousness I expected from a meal in such a diner. I'd return The staff is also very nice Now you can eat your pudding."  be SURE you get something sweet. It might feel weird to order a donut or a shake with a savory lunch or dinner meal  the cost and the atmosphere make this a must try."  but I was disappointed in the lack of chicken on my sandwich. We had to wait for a table at 7:30pm. Shows their business is good but I was surprised at the late dinner rush. Other people waiting for a table stole it before the waitress got their tip. Not the restaurant's fault but disappointed in the guests." My congratulation on being a place that I have visited for over 10 years and still makes the mark of having great staff This place is officially on my radar as another great breakfast option!"  not enough parking! Probably a total of 16 stalls in the tiny one way parking lot.. so do plan on car pooling here. I circled around the street 2 times before finding a parking space on the side street about 3 blocks away. It might just be Sunday though.. who knows. I do think the building and decor is kinda cool.. felt like a good old diner with a retro kick. so here comes the food part.. I ordered corn beef hash.. food was lukewarm. I usually like my hot food hot.. not like somewhere between hot and cold. It was greasy too. not a fan. I did like the side fruits that came with it..def gave my greasy hash a little break. I think I would come try their dessert next time. The pie and bakery goods look more yummy.. until next time. Oh btw our waiter was really friendly and unobtrusive so if you are the type of person into good table service."  your life will never be the same again! I pretend not to like meatloaf but if someone I'm with orders it Love this place! My favorite? Bloody Mary of course! I'd say it's the best Bloody Mary in town. Food is always delicious. Staff is always friendly and helpful. In three years of going to Monty's Blue Plate Diner we never had a negative experience. "Nice atmosphere and fantastic food!  And I love their gluten free options.  They made things as we ordered them and the service was prompt and friendly.  This is a really nice ""diner"" with nice decor and a very friendly atmosphere.  The line was very long on Sunday morning but that's the sign of anything good because everyone wanted to eat there.  Nom nom I would not venture back for a second time." "My old supervisor took me and my ex-fiance' here shortly after I started working for her. It was really good diner food "Everything about this place was mediocre. The food was mediocre Fantastic pie! And food. And the servers were awesome. Now there's needs to be one in Indiana. And Ohio. In general they should just be everywhere. Breakfast heaven. Grab the French Toast and a side of hash browns. Dinner is fancier diner food that might be a little overpriced for what it is."  great food and convenient to Olbrich Gardens." This place has awesome decor. Great parking. Awesome staff. Mediocre food. "I like Monty's! Great atmosphere  although my friend swears by the meatloaf (I refuse to order meatloaf in a restaurant). I will continue to got back After your meal you have an array of some of the best cakes and pies.  Their carrot cake is the best I have ever had and sometimes we will go there just for that!" Great food and great atmosphere! Always fun! Eh it was okay. Maybe I should have ordered breakfast as that looks like that's what they are known for. But I was there at lunch time and craved a burger so that's what I ordered. It was ok nothing special to brag about. I would probably go there again but for sure going to try the breakfast.  burgers and other entreees ... and several vegetarian and vegan options ... and has a killer bakery ... and allows kids to play with sidewalk chalk outside. What's not to love? I really wanted to try the TNT BLT or the GBLT (clever)  and a menu that can fit almost any dietary need! My partner had the meatloaf (with luscious broccoli--- try saying that in the same sentence)  this was the best place for a good breakfast and good drink. Recommend highly!" But...I still have a solid 5 stars for this new love of my life." I would go back but it would not be my first choice." "It is absolutely what you want it to be. It embodies the era of diners so well. The food was delicious. I have had the Grilled Cheese and the Mac and Cheese (I added bacon I always have awesome food here. I am ready to start tryign out awesome coctails fjaQ3Ixkofh8xGhklUtDnA  and shortly we were on our way to Monty's. There is a private lot which is always nice when you're in a busy city. We did not sit outside because it was a little chilly but the patio looked pleasant and relaxing with beautiful flowers. When you go inside the ambience is a funky little 50's diner with amazing looking pies. Even though the restaurant was crowded  they can't come out of items because they are pre-made in batches. They are my last ditch place to go to if Lazy Jane's  great service and food.  However I will note that not everyone I bring here has enjoyed their food... I think I talked it up too much." "The biscuits and gravy on Saturday mornings is delicious.  By far the best thing on the menu "Monty's is AMAZING. I've lived in Madison most of my life and only just discovered them. Breakfast all day As a side note as we were walking out every single employee that we passes said  breakfast options and yummy sammies. My favorite thing to eat is the grilled chicken and goat cheese sandwich! The flavors are so fresh and work well. I also love to sneak raspberry cheesecake when I am done ;)" "It's always fun to take people to Monty's. The parking lot is a good indicator of how busy the place will be. Be aware and probably one of your vegan best options in Madison." "Fabulous food and AWESOME atmosphere. Perfect place to take your kids or have a little date. ;) The only thing that is upsetting is that once you fall in love with something on the menu dKbFEmnbVIycnq7ld2WjNA Can't get any better than the waffle fries at Monty's!  and the prices are low. I had an amazing goat cheese ravioli with a creamy pesto sauce evening special. It was probably the best meal I've had in Madison. I am sorely disappointed that I'll be heading home for good on Thursday."  kind of served us like we ordered inside. My wife LOVED the meatloaf and the grilled cheese for my children looked outstanding. I had the Cobb Salad and it was good. I would have liked more dressing "We stopped in on our way home to Chicago from Wisconsin Dells.   We had a 45 minute wait as it was a Sunday.  We were seated at 12 noon.   I ordered 1/2 corned beef hash and 1/2 Sweet Potato hash.  The corned beef was dried out in small cubes.  Tasteless.   The sweet potato hash was very tasty with just the right amount of spice.   Scrambled eggs were perfect.  Biscuit was fluffy and moist.  Service was good.    I understand the restaurant is very popular and we stopped after reading all of the positive reviews.  Next time We love this place! The food is great. The biscuits which I love the most is the best! I love the coffee. I come here once a week with my in laws and two sons. This is our spot in Madison for comfort food. It's just family friendly and the prices are great. Who doesn't like a hot cup of coffee and comfort food :) Yummo to this place! What to get away from the glitz and glamour of most brunch places these days? Come by Monty's for some ultimate comfort food!"  I still wanted breakfast.  This place is like Campbell's soup good mmmm mmm mmmm. I had country breakfast plate eggs  and bacon cooked perfect. Don't judge but also had blueberry pancakes. My gf had the blue plate omelet( the yummy one with avacados). I can't say enough how great the food and service was. Love great diner's like this."  as there were more than enough employees waiting around for the afternoon and evening dinner rush to begin. Maybe next time I'll be brave enough to try the food again :-)" Excellent food! I had the chicken in a pie that was amazing! The crust was flaky and light. I also had a strawberry shake. It was all homemade food from local growers. I would highly recommend this place. The prices are a little high but the food and atmosphere was great.  the food was good (and there were plenty of menu items that I wanted to try) and at a great price (nice food to dollar ratio in both quantity and quality).  The servers were friendly and thoughtful and we will be returning again." Their blueberry pie was my favorite. I say ""was"" because they apparently took it off their menu. NOOOOOO!!!!!! I've been fed various lines by the waitstaff during different visits -- that it's seasonal If I'm ever back in Madison for whatever reason "Great diner with tons of vegetarian and vegan options.   They even have the Trempeleau walnut burger!! My husband got the Elvis shake "Consistent food and service.    Breakfast is the favorite in our family.   Oh "Monty's is amazing. Try to get breakfast at Monty's every time I'm in town. Which over the past 15 years has been a lot. Love the atmosphere "Went here last night after an exhausting day taking care of a newborn. Thankfully my baby slept through our entire dinner despite how loud the place is. The decor is simple but spacious and the service is really good and fast. We were seated immediately (on a Saturday night! ) and were served water by the waitress right away. She was friendly and always nearby her customers. My husband had the Mediterranean omelet  (can't remember what It's called). It had feta cheese "Their food is ok.  I would not call it special or extraordinary  like breakfast potatoes and sometimes I even venture out of my comfort zone for the eggs.  I honestly do not think I have tried the same thing twice because they have so many options."  I watched a small child dash back and forth from the dining area into the kitchen area and back again. Multiple times. I didn't like the floor show "My favorite used to be the DONUT FRENCH TOAST...It's no longer on the menu but I'm pretty sure they'll make it if you ask. Otherwise "My dad and I both had the Heathen Vegan Shoplifters Delight. Basically portobello mushrooms I've been to a lot of diners. Not every diner does it right  so I had it for two meals. Would definitely go back here  is kind of dull. Nothing stands out to me as particularly enticing. It's average "Always a solid choice. Well made food fjaQ3Ixkofh8xGhklUtDnA  as it has solid home cooking and the classic cozy atmosphere." "Such a fun place to get an interesting plate of great food.  The neighborhood is awesome and you can see it in their customers.  Great selection of pies "The salmon hash for brekkie is probably the best way to start your day. Flaked and combined with crisp taters... it's a perfect balance of carbs and protein. Add to this the fresh fruit and warm biscuit... it's a perfect meal! And if you're solo  coffee poured and refilled to your heart's delight... They're not reinventing the wheel with most of the menu but the breakfast dishes hit the spot And order a piece of pie or enjoy an iced sugar cookie  this time of year they had Christmas music playing. Staff all fantastic Oh and they also have an extensive vegan menu if that's your thing." Adorable gas station turned restaurant.  Popular breakfast spot.  Huge desserts.  Smiley staff.  Boozy malts and shakes.  What more could you want? I ate less than half of my dish but I decided that the rest wasn't worth a takeout box.  Unfortunately We waited for about a half hour and were seated likely as the last Friday rush made its way out. I had the sweet potato hash. I couldn't taste much besides the sweet potato "Still great. Thanks to Yelp and Monty's for the free check-in coffee. Service good despite the full house. Our server forgot a glass of milk   excellent.   Melted cheddar in top.   Hubby ordered the meat loaf stack- he cleaned his plate.  Several of the others ordered Mac and cheese and milk shakes!   I had no idea they were so large The food is just good. I appreciate the variety. Consistency of quality and quantity is a problem.  Service is hit or miss. Great option for entertaining with lots of varied food needs and/or kids in tow. I WILL give it a try and update my review" "I came in here with my mother a few weeks ago and the experience was positively wonderful. It was my mother's birthday and the blonde manager gave her a complementary piece of pie. She still mentions ""that sweet girl with the pie"" and the salmon hash (amaaaazing Other notes: I've never had to wait long for a table. In colder weather Pro tip: free iced tea refills!" best breakfast place in Madison.  I've been many many many times and it's delivered every single time.  Montys breakfast sandwich with the goat cheeseeeee mmmm so good.  And the biscuits and gravy... I could drink that gravy by itself and it would be satisfied.  Bravo. Also-- check in here to get a free endless cup of jo!" "Ate here for my first time today and wow was it delicious! And not to mention fairly priced. They feature everything from all day breakfast to comfort food dinner entrees Everything here is amazing! Casual retro diner setting. The vegan/veggie selection is almost as big as the meat selections. Alcoholic milkshakes are great for sharing. I really like the outdoor seating and I've been there when they had a live band outside. Not a single complaint about Monty's! A favorite of mine. So nice to see so many veg & vegan choices. But really- way way too much turmeric in the tofu scramble! Say it with me: nutritional yeast! Use it! Also great biscuits by the way. :) I want to end with acknowledging how much I appreciate the great customer service at Monty's.  I've enjoyed our servers each time I've been there. Last night was no different. Peach was our server and she was wonderful - attentive & fun & complimentary (she liked my purple glasses) and she totally lived up to her name.....she was a real peach. ;o)"  so friendly fast service is a must and this place delivers everytime. Everything on the menu I've tried is awesome and yummy too. My son gets the mac and cheese and it is so good that I've even ordered it for myself after I tried his. It's not only a family place though "Classic diner and menu style with modern twist (includes vegetarian/vegan options).  I love going here for breakfast.  The breakfast sandwich (with goat cheese) is divine.  My family always wants to come here when they visit.  Food is always fresh  prices aren't bad-- but I won't be back because the food just doesn't do much for me." I have nothing but good things to say about this diner. I wish I lived in Madison so I could try their lunch and dinner menus (as well as try more pies "Went here with the family for lunch and was amazed! The food was very flavorful and the staff was so friendly. Also "Great breakfast.  Outdoor seating in the summer is very nice. They have good pie too!  Though it's a diner You can order any one of six different hamburgers (five can be made gluten sensitive and one is Vegetarian) between 11am until closing. But that's not all.... They serve 11 different Entrees It won't blow your mind and there can be a wait sometimes Def a place to go for breakfast!"  I was disappointed that on my one trip with dessert as a priority they were completely sold out. Better for my health  but you'll  always fi d a table. I highly recommend going  here any time of day. Great options and good service." Price: Absolutely reasonable." My hubby and I have been on a diner kick lately! About one week ago we visited Monty's for dinner. When I lived on the east side I would go there often for lunch. It has been years since I had the chance to check out what was on the menu. I was not disappointed. I had the mac and cheese and it was wonderful. Fresh and full of comfort food goodness. The service was great and we will be back for sure! We absolutely love this place!!!  We were in Madison Friday night for a show and breakfast is a must at Monty's...excellent service...superior food choices and amazing coffee!!!  Takes you back to the 50's and 60's with the decor!!! Tried this place for the first time. The food was great and filled me up which normally doesn't happen when I eat out. The waitress Peach was really friendly and very attentive to our table. Will definitely make a return trip here for a 2nd round. "Came here with the gf after a crappy brewery tour. Great good. Got a mushroom n swiss burger that was very tasty. Love these diner type places. Not sure I'll be back as I live in MKE but if I'm ever in the area and have a craving fjaQ3Ixkofh8xGhklUtDnA  and absolute happiness and satisfaction all around. I will definitely be back."  but recently I stopped by for dinner. Their meatloaf of gods was pretty good. It was a tad bit salty for my taste but the gravy was on point." "My wife and I used to come here years ago when we were in school. We came back for a weekend and thought we'd see how it held up. In a word: GREAT! We weren't vegans when we used to come here but are now and I'm happy to say that Monty's has a bunch of vegan dishes. And vegan pies. Holy hell "Delicious Food.  Big portions.  Amazing service.  Maybe just slightly overpriced The overall cleanliness of the store is also something that needs some attention..."  a little more focus on food quality and attentiveness to the needs of the customers would significantly increase the experience."  but not too greasy or heavy. There is definitely the typical diner vibe "My boyfriend and I had my 11 year-old granddaughter for the weekend.  We found street parking near the diner. We put our name in for a table and had to stand in a very small area at the front of the restaurant (along with many others) to wait.  I know most breakfast places are busy on Sunday mornings  good breakfast food. Shake is usually a bit much/rich Delicious food and very low prices. The iced coffee and sweet potato frittata that I ordered were on point. My fiances breakfast burrito was super tasty too. Expect to wait in line on for weekend brunch - this is a popular spot! "Monty's is always great for comfort food. The vegetarian/vegan options are terrific (especially the sandwiches) and the pie is amazing. Sometimes it's a little lacking in consistency fjaQ3Ixkofh8xGhklUtDnA I've eaten there dozens of times. Their eggs mornay is the best in town. Kudos to Tim and his excellent staff and the great waitstaff.. Service was quick and friendly and were in and out in less than an hour! Definitely recommend." The pie is outstanding...half of the time I come to Monty's it's just for pie."  let's get to the food! It was fantastic! I don't normally eat vegetarian dishes but I decided to to try the ""Meatless Meatloaf"". I am so glad it did. It was very flavorful and the sauce had a nice peautnutty taste. The mashed potatoes were rustic style with the skins and very creamy and a very generous serving of broccoli was on the plate as well. My mom had the curry and I tried that and it was super yummy with a nice kick at the end. We were full after our meal so we did not get to try the desserts/malts but everything looked amazing when it came to the other tables. If we lived near by we would be back and I will be suggesting to others that they go here! It is a must do in Madison!" + maybe 1-2 more things that I can't even remember" "Hands down the best diner I have ever been to... It all started a year back when my wife was looking for a place to treat me on my birthday and she came across Monty's...Ever since  always busy for weekend brunch. Worth the wait."  I miss a lot about Madison.  One of the things I really miss is Monty's.  I made a point to bring several friends here and their assessment of this diner-gone-upscale was good as well.  The food is diner classics with an updated touch as well as a few things that are probably best described as new American.  The food is excellent  the gravy was extremely over powering. But the friends I ate with really enjoyed their meals. One thing I did like about this place was that they had and entire vegan menu - - and their vegan brownie was really good! We'll come back here soon for either breakfast or late night dinner to check out the breakfast food!"  cheap does not mean crap here. I love the diner feel of this place - it makes me feel like I'm inside a Hopper painting. I had a giant plate of meatloaf The pies and cakes from the front desk also look so yummy. But we were already too full to care for dessert :( will definitely try that next time!" We arrived today at 11am and were told that the wait was 10mins. 30 mins later and we were finally seated. It's been 40 mins now and we still don't have any of our food. The table next to us arrived 15 mins after we sat and they are now eating. Unbelievably bad service and only a weak apology aren't going to cut it. This will be the last time I ever eat here.  fair prices and wonderful service.  Will definitely be back!" Would return but would no order the Tempeh. Again."  but we absolutely need to come back to try the pumpkin bourbon cocktail shake! Cheers!"  friendly service and fairly reasonable prices.  Perfect for people that have different dietary choices as there is seemingly something for everyone!" "We stopped in here for breakfast Saturday morning and were lucky enough to have no wait. Our service was great and the menu is has a lot of great options! I had the sweet potato frittata and it was excellent! TONS of food!! My finance had the salmon hash and I snuck a bite  I had a stomachache. Too much food in one sitting. I think it's a nice problem to have. Don't you?" Traditional homemade diner fare with many vegan and gluten free options. Everything is good here from the coffee to the soup and everything in between. Great waitstaff and counter folks there too. "Monty's has great food - specifically the meat loaf and the mac and cheese. But the desserts are fantastic. The other night my wife and I wanted something sweet after 9 p.m. and stopped by to pick up twk cupcakes and two pieces of tge German chocolate cake. The price was just $14 "Every time I go there it's just so mediocre. I don't know what anyone likes about this place. There's just nothing good about it  and huevos rancheros. Check in with Yelp and get a coupon for free bottomless coffee. Their mimosas are top notch too. I highly recommend the huevos rancheros with black beans and chorizo- they are awesome. Get there early if possible because this place is usually hopping." Be sure to check in on Yelp for a free bottomless coffee!"  it is easy because you know what they have each time. The dinner entrees are always hearty and the shakes are good :)"  I would come here again. Probably not on a weekend though. The bakery items looked delish  however I've never made it inside until a few nights ago.  Usually my husband and I will try to go for brunch but it is always VERY crowded.  The other night my friend and I decided to stop in for coffee and dessert because the chocoletarian had just closed.  We came in at about 7pm on a Sunday and the place was all but desserted (pun intended :).   We had turtle cheesecake and malt pie.  The cheesecake was dense and sweet - To my mind a diner should be open 24/7."  Donovan is the best server ever.  The pancakes are great.  The corned beef hash is even better.  I've also had the sweet potato hash Good solid diner. Great selection of pies and desserts. Can sometimes be really busy which turns into a long wait for both a table and service. But the food is worth a little patience.  the only downside seems to be the wait for seating: I don't think I've ever gotten a table right away If you need a family friendly good old American diner than look no further. Enjoy!"  they have plenty of vegan and vegetarian options if you're into that kinda thing." Great cocktails and beers on tap and good diner breakfast options. Meat eggs veg and other options widely available. Then there's dessert... For that sweet tooth you give in to on the weekend...great cookies I'm just sad Monty's isn't closer to our house." I love the food here. I am a vegan and there are many options :) I can drop in any day to eat here :) Keep up the good work guys. Had something different every time I've been there and every dish/plate/meal was DELICIOUS! Can get kind of crazy for weekend lunch P.S. Check in on yelp and get free coffee!"  and folks must save room for the Fat Elvis milkshake and a baked good or two!" "This place has fantastic food and lots of vegetarian options. I have had many meals here and they are consistently tasty. My go-to sandwich is the TNT BLT. Fabulous. Besides the good food  nothing special. Service is great and people are very friendly. I would recommend market street dinner instead." Great food! I love the breakfast burrito. Service is excellent. Easy parking. Great vegetarian selection for my veggie friends. I love monty's.  I mean really on a deep personal almost sexual level.  I love you monty.  I think? Lots of breakfast options for meat lovers and vegetarians. Coffee is fantastic. Service is usually great. It's breakfast food that is wonderfully homemade with fresh ingredients. It's not a hole in the wall greasy breakfast joint  or Vietnamese and Thai up the street.  Standing next to tall people makes me look even shorter; Monty's is so close to so many marvelous dining options that it just does not shine the way it used to before the competition heated up."  and the staff are all great!! I highly suggest trying their breakfast - they serve it all day (: They also have incredible pies and other various bakery items!"  all well prepared. Staff is always enthusiastic and coffee is abundant. I have omelets a couple times a week -- the Blue Plate with tofu substitue -- and on Saturday either the grilled spinach salad  I would drive the 2 miles and go there.  Just use the tempeh you used to use!  Better taste (and probably lower cost too) is the way to go. Don't worry about supporting other local businesses if their products don't deliver." -their coffee is really good" I topped the meal with a cup of coffee.  My server was very attentive with a water or coffee refills (almost to the point where I was going to hide my glassware).  But I would take that kind of service over never seeing a server.  I tipped her well for her efforts."  it was three star at best. I may try again next time I'm in town..."  until I tasted ham. I stopped chewing and in napkin was a chunk of ham as well as another chunk hidden further in the hash. I told the serve and showed her the pieces. I told her that I didn't really want anything in replacement because it had spiked some disordered fears for me. She took the plate away but offered no real apology for the mistake. I'm glad that she didn't charge me for my meal... However she still charged me for my coffee.... I know shit happens... But it sucks when your out from Oregon and you can't even get a decent vegetarian meal without having to worry." "Iconic Diner and true Madison experience. Great for breakfast or brunch if you can get a seat. The only reason I am dissuaded from going is the wait  and absolutely great dessert... go as soon as you can to Monty's Blue Plate Diner!"  so are easy to ignore.  A packed place on weekends - so call ahead for seating or get there early!" It will be hard for me to pick something different from their menu when I go back  and not like the other wanna-bes."" Absolutely correct. And there's no need to do too much flare on the decor when they got the fantastic view of the private planes against the blue sky. I will be back for more for sure! Maybe a sunset dinner for the next time?" You'll also be interested in the proudly presented amateur photos of Air Force One from when President Obama visited Madison in Nov 2009 BUT: you can eat breakfast and watch planes take off!!1 so fun!!!! so that makes it pretty awesome."  it was quite crowded but Pat O'Malley was hard at work accommodating us as best he could. We sat at the bar and had a fantastic breakfast. Pat took the time to ask our names and he was always looking out for everyone on his staff. You should definitely place this restaurant on your list as a must do! Not to mention the ambiance/view is fabulous." Gets busy on Sunday mornings!" "Hard to find a good $100 burger (airport restaurant). Had an awesome BLT with great service and an ice tea for $10.90 plus tip. Place really hops at lunch time "Not as good overall as I had expected.Pretty average basic breakfast. OK service...Enjoyed ""aviation location""." I loved the view and would go back the next time I'm in Wisconsin." "Short review. One of the top five breakfast joints in Madison breakfast rocks here! do it!  it was close and this place did not disappoint. It is inside a flight services building but the place is really clean and a nice view of the runway.I had the BLTCE and my wife had the flying fish sandwich and both were really good. We will be back "Great morning breakfast spot. Take the kids  so call ahead or expect to spend some time looking around the building."   and the food as well.  There can be a wait so do not expect to get in an  out very fast.  I recommend trying the Jet Room." "very good food.  excellent service!  eggs benedict is the specialty here and it's excellent.  decent coffee and a great view of the tarmac Cool for watching planes especially with kids!  Solid breakfast and great atmosphere. GO TO THE JET ROOM! That is all." It's a busy place on the weekend but you'll be entertained while waiting for your table.   Plenty to look at."  excellent food! Very reasonable also. I would highly recommend to give this place a try. I had the veggie eggs Benedict on an English muffin. Fantastic! They offer dishes like salmon omlettes And there are planes!"  fun decor. Son absolutely loved watching the planes land & take off. Best moment was seeing plane land & pilot came into diner- was very cool for him. Had California Benedict which was good not great- not best Hollandaise but wasn't expecting gourmet granted. Liked fruit cup that was offered Highly suggest checking this place out if you haven't yet." all breakfast from omletes to skilets to eggs corned beef hash pancakes only had lunch here once very good burger and club sandwich kids love watching the planes come and go always have had excellent service excellent food at reasonable prices can't go wrong" "We were in Madison for a wedding and chose Pat O'Learys based off proximity and Yelp reviews. We were so glad we did! We liked it so much we came back the next morning. A unique dining experience being able to see all the small planes and hear the pilot talk among the patrons. And the first day we met both Pat and Pam as we were checking out Best part are the giant windows that let you see the private terminal tarmac of the Dane County Regional Airport. We saw three or four planes land Minus one star for no booze or high quality bloody (that I can recall)" Oh and Shannon gave us excellent service!"  that she would be back then as I have to go make salads.  Based on this experience I will never make another cross country flight to KMSN nor would I recommend anyone go out of their way to only to be treated so poorly."  the price was worth it. Our server was also great.  She brought out pancakes with a candle on top because we were celebrating a little one's birthday."  old farts up at the bar (full) and lots of older folks and families. Husband got the den and I the veggie Benedict (some reason I figured the spinach would be cooked but I still really in joyed it. Boys split 2X2X2 and loved the pancakes. Waitress checked on us couple times and our coffee was always full. The bill seemed right with what we got. This is not some cheep greasy spoon I love this place! It's so cute Inside and so fun to see all the planes while you eat! This place is always so busy so expect to wait but they have a comfy waiting area with free coffee and cookies and you can watch the planes while you wait. The menu is large and priced good. The food is amazing! The staff is so nice! -They take reservations-yessss  I ha"  but their lunch items all look really good. The crab cake benedict is really good. All their skillets are great too." "Wow! Such friendly service and that crab cake eggs Benedict is AMAZING! Once you try this place once I've been coming here since I was a kid with my grandparents. Even worked here for a little. The food is some of the best breakfast in madison and the quality of the product is top notch. The staff and ambiance is warm and inviting. Smiles everywhere. The owners are always hanging around to promote the team atmosphere and show they care. Hard find. If your ever looking for a great breakfast destination spot. It's here.  but knowing this little gem is out there  and wait staff are all awesome. Easily the best eggs Benedict I've ever had."  watching the planes go by (or the plows shovel the tarmac) is always fun!"  but seeing the planes taxiing in and out (plus cookies) made the time fly by.  Service was timely despite the full house.  Friendly staff.  We'll be back for sure." No wait this weekday morning. Amazing views. Salmon omelette was delicious. Reasonable prices. What a fun breakfast spot! Lovely view and solid food w generous portions. Pat and Pam are super friendly. Read about them in a Mary Bergin book and was delighted to finally go.  I do really like to eat here.  It has a great down to earth diner atmosphere.   And the food is well done (for what it is). I know we will be coming back here from time to time because it really is a lot of fun Great atmosphere!  At private plane side of Madison airport. Watch Air NG jets while you enjoy really good home cookin'!  Very friendly staff!  their breakfast food is the best and watching the small airport traffic and airplanes from their airstrip - side tables is a fun experience.  The prices are on part with the diner vibe and setup they have setup.  If you haven't traveled outside Madison for a visit  nothing.  We adore this place."   It is pretty classic diner.  The kitchen and waitstaff are both very efficient.  We sat at the counter and my wife said it was the best eggs benedict she'd ever had.  The wait for us was 30 minutes - apparently they take reservations too.  The scenery is general aviation.  Airplanes  but one of the really neat things about this place is the view as you wait and as you eat. Lots of small private planes  but the kiddos just love watching the airplanes go by in front of them while they eat. They each get a little cardboard toy airplane to take home with them. The servers have always been warm   but it's been hard to get the car to make that turn after a bad experience."  for a lunch spot when driving through Madison!  It is right ON the runway with a wall of windows so you can watch the planes come and go; my kids absolutely LOVED this!  We even got to see a group of Air-force jets take off from the runway right in front of us.  If that is not enough Pretty busy and the service was great. My pancake was okay but everything else was wonderful. Fun eating at a fbo Been here twice in the last month for a late breakfast early lunch.  Both the the food was really good and the service was excellent.  The kids really love to watch the planes come and go too. "Hands down one of my favorite places for breakfast. Try to go on a weekday or prepare to wait--but the wait is worth it. Good food and terrific  and there's one of those ""use the claw to grab a stuffed animal"" machines in the back if you're interested." It's a rarity to find a place like Merry Ann's in Chambana nowadays - best to enjoy it while your stomach can handle it!" Open 24 hours a day with almost most things on the menu only around $5 "The stack after 1am is the only thing I ever really came here for.  But it sticks out in my memory.  Ah the goodness.  I also went to the other newer location in downtown Champaign.  But its almost too new and clean to enjoy properly.  This place is dingy and small  the diner stack? If you're looking for a fast track to a heart attack after a game at the Assembly Hall (Second note: Make sure you go to this location and not the one in downtown Champaign.  The downtown one is too brightly lit "I first went to Merry Ann's the night I craved The Home Stretch Haystack. Merry Ann's version paled in comparison. I gave them another shot a few weeks later  because it reminded me of a Waffle House.  I know Waffle House is generally pretty disgusting  a great cheap place to go."  though.  It's a diner.  Word of warning to you U of I students--there is a one-hour table maximum from 9-3 (that's a.m. AND p.m.)." The staff when I was there was older and not college-aged kids  and our food arrived promptly. It was delicious and didn't leave me with that greasy what did I just put in my stomach feeling that I was expecting (from past WH experiences). I will definitely come back. The only thing that could have made my experience better is a big bowl of cheese grits..."  and needed a late night place to haunt  and there is a good mix of locals and students.  My boyfriend and I used to always go here to study  smothered in artery-clogging country gravy heaven.  It's really the gravy that sets this breakfast delight apart from the rest.  Guaranteed to take the edge off that night of heavy drinking - as if one indulgence weren't enough."  man have my waitresses been bitches." Sigh. Oh well. Am still on the search for a great breakfast nook in Champaign. Any suggestions?"  but it moves pretty quick and it worth the wait IMO. Service is your typical diner service so not bad."  you're better off making it yourself or even going to Steak 'n Shake." Highly recommended.  An institution in Champaign."  it's just a diner.  not me.  yeah it was far.  yeah it was never really clean.  yeah it was just diner food.  but to me it was more than just that.  the time i spent at merry ann's was always...comforting."  I like to make at least one trip here.  Just take it for what it is; cheap  I suppose I owe them at least an extra star in asshole tax. An average diner with good service (by this I mean they dont kick people out who clearly need to be put to bed). I suggest the Diner Stack with Lipitor for dessert." Walked into Merry-Ann's for breakfast on Saturday.  There was no sign to indicate method of seating.  I stood there while several staff stood idly behind the counter.  They looked me in the eye but never acknowledged my presence.  I waited a bit and then left.  I will NOT return.  and being casual about it definitely doesn't appeal to some people. But being that it's 24 hours (and there are few of those places in Champaign) this will always be a favorite of mine."  OK stack.  I wish the hash browns were a bit more crispy Pros: Everything except the bacon and the awkward time when we had to stand around and wait for a table to open up. Oh  Champaign has a lack of diners and 24 hour restaurants.  I usually get the Diner Stack or the Hangover Stack if I go in past midnight. Both are pretty average with the sausage gravy masking the rubbery taste of the hamburger and the hashbrowns tending to be the best part of the meal. I don't necessarily think that Merry-Ann's is bad  attached to the property. The Hilton razed the restaurant as part of its renovation. Too bad. The Merry-Ann Diner is not suitable for breakfast at any time of day." Merry-Ann's Just doesn't do it for me.  I'd just assume walk to Subway or Peking Garden when I'm looking for a cheap lunch. 1st off I have not eaten here in over 10 years. I got the fish sandwich Which was 2 frozen fish pattys on a bun and plain fries. I could of ate cheaper at home with the same ingredients. My kids got the #2 breakfast and the grilled cheese sandwich which both of them loved. I give it 2 stars the kids give it 4 stars so we gave it a final score of 3 stars  atmosphere 2 stars. Overall 2.5 stars." Everything... besides the hotcakes."  it's a diner. I still go back for friendly people "Just a fantastic establishment with friendly people. I have literally never ordered anything outside of the breakfast menu Just okay food. I can make better food at home for cheaper. "Average small-town diner feel in all the good and bad ways. Food tastes pre-cooked or frozen Grilled ham and cheese 4.00" Best place for a hangover meal! The omelet are always on point amd you can't go wrong with the diner stack! the people are super friendly and the atmosphere is just a classic diner that you can walk in in last nights clothes with no shame. Love it.  it's a diner! It's suppose to be that way. The breakfast burrito is very good. It's huge so I got to take it home which is always nice for a college student. Cheap prices "We were looking for somewhere to eat after 9:30pm on a Sunday night Unless you're looking at somewhere like Le Peep to get brunch with your parents  but it's your stereotypical diner fare. I'd recommend the breakfast burrito. It was pretty sad seeing some worker sitting down on the floor behind the counter just texting on his phone the whole entire time."  it comes back with ham. Server was very nice about remaking it. It comes back-- ham again!!! Left hungry. Not coming back."  and are within walking distance of the local bar scene. That's about the best I can say for them." Food was ok. Service was slow but once we put the order in the food came quick. Better for the fact that it's open 24/7 than the quality of its food. Merry Ann's is definitely a place to recover from a rough night. I just love breakfast.  and cheap. What more can you ask for?" "Food is good for a classic sit down diner but the customer service was horrible. Waitress took our order after she had taken someone's that showed up 10 minutes after us and we didn't even have drinks until she put in their order and come to us. I watched her not pay attention to some of the other customers trying to get her attention as well. Even though the food was good  classic feel....tradition!   A lot of late night college crowd after 12m to 2am and mix of all ages on Sunday mornings.  Grab a Sunday Newspaper and a cup of coffee and order from the menu of ""breakfast classics"" - something for all ages "What more to expect for a diner--great food and a relaxed ambiance. I can sit there for two hours with my buddies and have some coffee after our bar hopping night This place was so good. Almost reminded me of the Waffle House back at home. It was clean and the service was so nice. Our waitress kept asking if we would like refills or if there was anything else she could get us. It's always pleasant to find a good greasy American breakfast joint! I'm thrilled that we found this place; it is a treasure!  My friends and I will now never have to argue about where to go out to eat Do not leave Sam's without trying the pancakes. Even if you don't care for pancakes The woman who started the menu recently emigrated to the US after the tragedy in Lebanon. Go support local business!" There are three Lebanese ladies who do the whole Lebanese dinner thing (Sam's cafe doesn't cater dinners on any other night other than the mentioned two). They were friendly and nice people."  and I don't doubt that the college kids roll in here starting mid-morning." They have a really good breakfast special. It is cheap and good. At the end of the meal we realized that we didn't have any cash and Sam's doesn't take cards.  Because my boyfriend was a regular in his college days  it epitomizes what I think of as a greasy spoon cafeteria but the food is great. You can't beat the $3.70 breakfast special (two eggs  and they don't take cards.  Bring cash.  It's not like you'll need a lot of it!" Now if it would only move toward Urbana..." What a cool place. Seriously. It's one of C-U's little gems."  is pretty poor. But when your meal is less than $5 (with a drink Bacon was fresh and the right balance of crispy without being overdone. Scrambled eggs were made of real eggs and the hashbrowns (American fries) had a buttery taste we loved. Unpretentious  is to die for. Also great to eat the ethnic food in the evening when available."  CLOSES AT 2 PM (I think - it's been a long time since I was there. It's either 2 or 1...)"  this is one of the best of breed for greasy delicious breakfast food at low low prices." I went here for breakfast and I was quite happy. I had a bacon and cheese omelette and hash browns. It was inexpensive and very tasty. It is a no frills greasy spoon type of place but I kind of like that. "This is my favorite place for breakfast in Champaign. It is a comfort-food-greasy-spoon restaurant. I recommend doing the breakfast before your shower in the morning and then go home for the shower afterward or you will smell like the restaurant all day! The food is very inexpensive and it has the best french toast in town. The seats are quite uncomfortable but fit in with the ambiance. For a while they served Lebonese food on some evenings but stopped doing that. I wish they would bring it back. It was excellent  breakfast special is $4 and it runs all day! Service was as quick as you can get and still have been freshly made! The decor is diveish but you aren't paying for a formal French you are paying for good cheap food fast! Also the french toast is dipped in pancake batter and is really delicious!!!! I know I will be going again!" My husband and I moved away from Champaign in 2007 but make a point of having breakfast at Sam's whenever we're back.  There are better-for-us breakfasts in Champaign.  There are fancier breakfasts in Champaign.  But there's only one Sam's  even.  I'll be back...for more decadent french toast...and scrumptious hash browns..." excellent service very honest waiter Wait staff is friendly and efficient.  This is a great place for friends to grab a some food before heading up to a tailgate or after a great night out in Champaign.  Sams is definitely a diamond in the rough." It is a small crowded place serving inexpensive and ok food. But I think it is over rated in yelp.  get some cash (you won't need more than $15 for two) and head over to Sam's cafe and order the french toast!"  not oily coagulated cheddar. And I swear these has browns are from scratch. Deeeeelicious!"  but nice.  Food was great for this greasy spoon.  We had t-bone steaks and french toast for breakfast.  Small place Best French toast in town!!  freshly cooked. The kids split an order of french toast and I had the breakfast special. I think next time I'll skip the pancakes with the special and eat the 1/2 piece of french toast that the littlest one left on her plate. It's not much to look at  the vegetables were soggy and the entire omelet lacked seasoning of any kind.  Totally bland.  The American Fries were a soggy mess and also without flavor.  Had to have at least a half order of their much ballyhooed French Toast after reading the rave reviews here.  Blah!!  Did these reviewers eat the same stuff as I did?  There was nothing remotely commendable about it.  It was soggy and relatively flavorless.  I tried it with and without syrup.  The syrup at least gave it flavor  and apparently I'm going to have to try that one day. But the thing I can't get over is the PANCAKES. They are absolutely delicious. I lived in Chicago for six years and found only one place that rivals Sam's pancakes in that huge city. As others have said You get what you pay for but the food is cheap quick and easy. There's an 80% chance that Sam could be serving you. Say hi."  you probably already know what you're going for. It's not for ambiance or subtle flavors or lunch... it's for delicious breakfast food. It's not exactly a new trend to sing the praises of small greasy-spoon style places  I heard them talking about being out of biscuits and gravy about 20 minutes before they actually told us they were. Granted French toast was hidden like a pancake."  you won't regret it. And if you do regret it Met Sam as he was busy at the grill.  Paul and I went in to order some burgers.  The staff was very attentive.  I borrowed a pen to start my food diary. I really would like to see some Lebanese cuisine on the menu although Sam doesn't think he has the right clientelle.  He is a very sweet man and his brother was just in from Lebanon.  I noticed a Saint perched above the grill. He offtered to share one with me for protection.  He said I should place it above a door way of my home.  How cool is this guy anyway..  everything done the way you would want it.  Don't even bother with Merry Anns just come straight to Sams.  So the food is greasy... if you're not into that you can order it light on the butter/grease.  They make everything to order (duh).  Sam and his family are some really hard working people and it shows.  I'm just so happy at Sams Sam's Cafe has great breakfast food and very friendly staff at a good price.  What more can you ask for?  I had the corned beef hash with two eggs and toast - just the right amount of food.  I've heard the French Toast and pancakes are also great. Any kind of breakfast to be had. Pancakes were my favorite!  and the food was brought out quickly.  I'd highly recommend this place for a low-key diner-style breakfast." Parking is kinda difficult sometimes and only takes cash."  so if you don't want to spend a lot on breakfast then I GUESS you should visit this place. By the way  and the staff was great and kept my coffee full!" I got Sam's French Toast with a side of eggs and the eggs were fine but the french toast mostly tasted of everything else that was on the grill. I think if there were separate grills for meat vs other items it would've been better. Friendly service though.  and two sausages or bacon. It costs $6 if you want to include the misnamed American fries and coffee. Their ""American"" fries is actually very soft hash browns." Service is ok at best but wth?"  but you could tell the guy at the grill had the experience of cooking many a breakfast like this over the years. Very inexpensive too. You find the bathrooms by going through back door to storage area and it's to your right. Simple food but simply good too." They have the  best French toast. My husband always ordered Denver omelette where we were here. The price is also very reasonable :) 1/2 star reserved for the inconvenience of not accepting credit/debit cards - that would make this place 5 stars! For now "I was skeptical the French toast could be the best in the world. Not anymore though. They were amazing The only downside is that the seating is very small. They have a good amount of tables but they are tiny."  and pancakes. And they use REAL butter. No other places that I've been to have quality food for a price like that. The place is pretty small so if you have more than 6 people Stopped through champaign on our way back to Iowa from Indiana.  Whole family had breakfast.  Every item ordered rocked!  French toast was unlike any I've eaten... Was simply amazing! "The service was excellent and the place seems to be busy every time I visit. Have always gotten breakfast "great little greasy spoon here in champaign. delicious and cheap pancakes.  only down side is they only take cash  not a take a # go get a coffee wait) and its cash only so be sure to stop at the ATM on your way." "Good food. Inexpensive. The breakfast special is worth the price as the portions are fairly large. The restaurant was crowded upon arrival Cheap and delicious. Try the french toast.  it is just a below average greasy spoon with a staff that is apathetic or bored or both." "This place gets so much hype on Yelp that my friends and I decided to try it. Sam's Cafe is super cute-looking from the outside. But that's where the good stops. Well  all covered with plates and trash. We were told it would be awhile because there were no tables. Incredibly rude Took my dad for breakfast and even he noticed it was dirty and that's saying something! The wait person was prompt and friendly. The food was just s bit too greasy and eggs were over cooked. I don't think we'll be back.  is they only take cash.. so remember to bring Cash with you." Absolutely love this place! All walks of life commingle here...I was kind of scared when I walked in how the food was going to be bc it doesn't look like anything has been updated since it opened in the 60's but was literally the best breakfast joint I have ate at in years! Coffee is always hot and fresh and the French toast is to die for! A must try  and sit there patiently watching Sam do his thing while listening to the soft hum of all the people around me. The food isn't anything you'd find at a Bacarro or a Radio Maria True diner with good food at a very reasonable price. Traditional breakfast options and it won't kill the wallet. Plus they know how to do grits right and that's not common when I travel north.  I'm back...$10 for the meal and the meal was just as good as if your granny cooked it. One less point for being cash only."  for $6 which is kind of pricey. Don't let the cozy ""mom-and-pop"" atmosphere fool you into thinking the pricing is generous. Toast itself isnt bad "My husband and I live a couple of blocks away from this charming piece of history. The menu is very limited (hamburgers and hot dogs) but everything that can be gotten from a local grower or manufacturer is. They have a great variety of Southwestern toppings that they will chop and grill freshly for every burger and dog. The fries are freshly cut and delicious. The guys that run the diner are friendly and the prices are reasonable. The hours are from 11 am to 3 pm Monday through Saturday and it is a cash only operation (my only complaints!). The counter inside is tiny and seats less than 10. There are some tables outside  I thought it was a pretty cool place and will definitely return with more friends in tow.  (Possibly for one of their movie nights...movies + tasty food = a good time).  Bonus points for their helping with the downtown rejuvenation while also supporting local businesses (Schreiner's Just a friendly reminder that it is CASH ONLY!  I had to run to a couple of nearby gas station ATMs since the first was out of order.  Pretty embarrassing but the chef didn't seem to mind and trusted us to return.  Can't complain about any part of the meal and would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Phoenix or any locals that have been snoozing on this gem." Highly recommended!!!" I really enjoyed the food here. There were funny little books available for us to read and there was a notebook where customers could draw in. The whole thing was something I'll always remember... fondly. You owe it to yourself to at least check this place out once." I am so sad that I came here on the last day that this little diner will be open.  I was introduced to this place by a friend of mine who is a regular patron.  It was a nice Saturday afternoon so we ate outside and I think the little diner (with 8 seats) was full.  I had a single patty cheeseburger and the favorite and a coke.  The favorite is fresh cut fries with peppers  also its a small joint so don't go brining like 40 of your office buddies you'll look like a tool." Big thumbs up for this place. Great spot for burgers and dogs!  grab a friend and try this joint out pronto." I'll definitely be back."  very small...this place does burgers and a quick lunch very well.  Not suggesting bring all your friends becaue the space is limited but for a quick bite to eat  otherwise I'll be a lardass. (again)"  and have tried to look past all these things I like Welcome but with 2 issues in 2 visits I dunno If I will be back."  the hours up there ^^ say it's open until 5 I just wish they had later hours...."  no cards accepted. If your service is good- tip them. They are really nice!" or to borrow from a sibling!"  support locals and their businesses...go go go!!!"  they don't give you plates and the food was *very* greasy (our sandwiches came on a piece of waxed paper and the grease quickly soaked through the paper onto the counter).  The other thing I didn't like  heavenly sinful pig-out fare? What's that? You want it at dirt cheap prices and with friendly service? It's perfect. The cheeseburger is oozing cheddar  it's BYOB. There seems to be an issue with alcohol on the patio http://www.restaurantnoca.com/Menu/Specials/NOCA_Nobuo_August_Menu.pdf"  or if you are skipping school or work as it's quite naughty.  One of those mimosas and bloody marys in the morning kind of days.  The Garfield is extremely satisfying and the french toast in a cup is genius  go here. Eat here. Revel in your trip to the land of gluttony. I love this little cramped trailer and it's treasure trove of goodness." You will also be able to book the inside 8 seats on Wednesday-Saturday and have Payton mess with your palette while he doesn't hold his tongue. Contact for more info.." tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  but it is now (temporarily) inhabited by Chef Payton Curry. Check out the reviews here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/payton-curry-at-welcome-diner-phoenix"  but I hope to return in April...maybe on a Tuesday at 10pm for half-price eats." Other reviews of Payton Curry's chef-in-residence at Welcome Diner: http://www.yelp.com/biz/payton-curry-at-welcome-diner-phoenix" tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  please stay out of our neighborhood and stop yelping about how Noca is in a strip mall. Phoenix is on it's way to being regarded as one of the top cities for dining and those narrow minded opinions are no longer welcome." Ridiculous. Top five best dinners in Phoenix." And the food? Inventive  and the proprietors are super friendly. It's only open Sun.-Tuesday and will close for good 4th of July. Go while you can!!" This place is the bomb !!!! Great food !! Blah blah blah it's Tuesday at 9am and they're not open  but the staff made it an awesome experience. They were all very knowledgable and took the time to give us a background on the diner and what their thoughts and inspirations were for the Welcome Diner going forward. I am so excited to come back this weekend and try out some of the grub  friendly staff... we'll be back."  ""red"". Went wonderfully with our shared Roosevelt Growhouse salad [the beets Yet still I wait for the college hang-out."  but not every day.  I know they close at 3 on Sundays.  They are open Thur. thru Sun.  Oh  next time you're out and about downtown Phoenix on a weekend A great spot.  Don't come here on a diet though - my meal soaked through the paper plate and left a visible grease puddle on the counter top.  Psst ... the grit cakes are tasty and absorb the flavors of the meal but they are extremely greasy." I've never actually been to a diner that had a liquor license It is a great time.  My only complaint?  They aren't open enough hours to totally clog my arteries." Great little spot with wonderful fries and biscuit sandwiches. Yummy! tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw Everything I've ever ordered off their menu has been delicious. They have lots of southern food options and they change up their specials menu about once a week. Anything you order will be divine. I promise you. Don't question me  and so full of flavor!  Had it twice...once on Thursday and again on Saturday.  Ran into 4 friends while I sat at the counter Saturday evening.  This place is the best."  go downtown and eat here!" Thanks Welcome Diner! Happy to have you in the neighborhood!"  or sunshine in a cup.  But it does pack a punch.  I felt that drink (the few sips I had) by the time we got back home.  And then I crashed in a delicious food coma." I would recommend this place to everyone and anyone."  the outdoor seating is more stylish than properly relaxing as their comfort food is. Sitting at a picnic table or some old outdoor furniture that looks like it just came from the back of an old shed is too hipster for me. I get it. I get the theme. I get the execution. It just doesn't work for me. But I would definitely eat their grub if I were in the area looking for take out." tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  but he wished it was on regular bread instead of a biscuit. I really like that this place uses local ingredients. I will definitely be back in the near future (I really want to try a burger....yummmm)." The only thing I don't like is that rave reviews are going to make it impossible for us to stroll in on a Saturday night and get a seat at the counter. But they deserve them."  random in the middle of this Phoenix neighborhood. There are a few seats inside but the real experience is to sit out front. Do not expect to sit down at a normal booth and keep to yourself. The seating is basically lawn furniture and a few picnic tables giving the whole experience a backyard barbeque feel. As far as atmosphere ""hipster"" would be the greatest understatement of the year. I could have ridden a bicycle made of mustaches wearing the first black rimmed glasses ever made and I would not have been hip enough among the patrons. The menu is small but efficient and the food we received tasted great. I recommend the fried chicken sandwich with bacon and a hurricane to drink."  cooking and everything culinary. Great guy who knows his s*(&t. Overall Absolutely one of our favorite spots.  and given a wonderful starry opportunity to enjoy the night (or morning) with dear friends." They're just a hop-skip off the 7th St. I-10 exit They try to use local foods.  The staff was great "Looking for a place that is so off the beaten path that you need to drive down a neighborhood road to get to it. Well this is the place. Great food It's pretty close to home so I'm sure I'll be headed here again."  and service? Top notch!" Bravo! This place aced it for me. I always like to read what people order at places to help me decide. I guarantee that anything you order here will be amazing and delicious. Great job guys!! Makes me happy to see a spot like this in Phoenix. Reminds me of Portland. Things are lookin up for the foodie scene. Perfect hole in the wall Diner with awesome friendly service and some awesome soul food to back it up. everything on the menu is amazing! go see it and experiance it for yourself. it's truly unique.  I just sit and drool over it.  I've eaten here a handful of times and everything is so freaking good.  Its comfort food at its best.  And the staff is super friendly and helpful.  They treat you like a regular even if its your first time.  I love the fact that they source all their ingredients from local farmers and purveyors.  I initially thought the prices were a bit on the high side "I will say I was a little surprised to drive up to this place and see it is in a neighborhood on the corner as if it was previously someone's house (pretty sure it may have been). As for seating there are two options either outside on their ""patio"" (felt like someones front yard with chairs) or inside which gave you more of an old school dining car feel. I ordered there PB + B burger and my husband had their shrimp Po'boy special. I had heard eating Peanut butter on your burger was good so of course I had to give it a try. I must say it was a bit odd but very good  and they have great cocktails to boot.  I really wish I could get food like this in my hometown." The wife and I ate dinner here tonight and we got the veggie sandwich.  It was amazing we were both blown away.  Will you please put this on the menu? "This was an excellent adventure. The service is super friendly and the food is unique and deserves more praise. I ordered the fried chicken biscuit with gravy and cheese and bacon. That was the best choice of all the meals I tried and will be what I order when I return. We started with pulled pork fries that were BBQ flavored with a mustard twist. It was bold but I would try something else next time. The burgers were great and the fries were too. Great late night food The staff was awesome and super friendly. The place has such a neat vibe as well. There's truly nothing like it!"  I highly recommend it.  The staff is very friendly and attentive which makes for an even better dinning experience.  There are also plenty of seats outside and a to-go window which makes it even easier.  Great place to hang out  the peanut butter burger and the Friday night catfish poor boy!!! All left smiles on my face wanting more. You have to try this place out!!! IT'S A DEFINITE MUST!!!" I have had three things there. A hurricane (NICE) that buffalo chicken burger and a pulled pork sandwich. All were wonderful. I am dying to come back in the spring when I can sit outside! Peanut Butter Burger.  An event of world-historical importance. We will definitely be going back. I highly recommend this unique little gem in Downtown Phoenix." I'm really excited to be a frequent patron of the Welcome Diner. So happy we found it!"  a biscuit chicken sandwich with watermelon side  just delicious down to the last crumb. A welcoming staff and food that can leave you stuffed! Will definitely keep coming back and invite all who will join. If you your a local you need to eat here  and tip came to about $40.  Had we done non-alcoholic drinks it would've been a little under $30.  Their ingredients are locally sourced so you pay a little bit of a premium for that.  But considering the quality of the food and the unique experience  awesome employees who treat everyone like they're friends. The menu is not of the normal run of the mill type but yet a delicious combination that should be tried. As a local business owner and supporter of independent non-chain places to eat "Amazing amazing melt in your mouth food  and the purity of the food. We went here for breakfast the morning after our wedding because we couldn't think of anywhere else we'd rather eat!" Great spot. I would def recommend this spot for comfort food. The fried chicken sandwich is not to be missed & the fries are amazing! Just ask for extra crispy. Can't wait to go back & try a burger they looked amazing!!!! Welcome Diner is a must try."  the Carol (BBQ pork) and the Big Jim (for especially hearty appetites.  The flavors were amazing! Loved the mustard BBQ sauce on my Carol.  Really wanted to try the Beignets but they were out f them already. Cest la vie...a reason to come back for sure." "Solid 5. Totally chill attitude from the guys behind the counter serving up killer food. To start: an Old Fashion for me and a Candy Corn signature for the wife. We split not one but two orders of the bacon and cheese fries  and not doughy. The biscuit it was on was perfection. Crispy and fluffy where it needed to be with a well balanced butteryness. To make things even better the biscuit did not fall apart after the first bite :). Loved the relaxed atmosphere and music selection outside. The dudes that were working were very courteous and answered questions without eye rolling like you may get at other downtown establishments." Go here for something awesome and different." Wonderful brunch today! I had the Sunrise sandwich and my husband had the Holy Puerco - they were both delicious. I loved the homemade biscuit - light and fluffy and not dry at all. Everyone in the staff is extremely friendly - very positive and relaxing environment. Highly recommend it! Here is a link to the diner's website:  http://www.marthaandmary.net/welcomediner/welcome.html"  always. Straight up & personable folks making and serving everything.  The real locals deal.  Feel like I need to go here as much as possible tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw My minus one star- Needs a booster or something for small kids to sit in." More real complaint: They won't let me move in." Really loved the beet salad!" Well done Welcome Diner well done. See you all next weekend!" Love love love this place!! I've been here for brunch and dinner and everything was amazing!! My bf says their burger is the best burger he has ever had and I have to agree. Super juicy!! The bumblebee is on point too!! I can't wait to go back and try the bacon cheddar fries :) I recommend this place to all my friends when they ask for a awesome place to eat downtown. And they are open late!!! Amazing food! We had the fried chicken on a biscuit sandwiches  one was with the sausage gravy - and the other was the  buffalo one both very good. We had the Hurricanes also very tasty. Definitely going to be on our list of favorites! Surprised I never found this place.. The place was pretty good couldn't think of a complaint  and makes you feel like you are eating a meal made by momma.  Staff was courteous and ambiance was hip. Thanks for the experience  I want to thank these folks for doing what they're doing. If you haven't been here yet This would be a great date place ... if that's something you're looking for. This is also a good place for a group of around 6 friends to take over a picnic table."  I think this has a terrific location to build on being the ""Cheers"" of the Garfield neighborhood. The patio is really inviting and you can watch residents coming and going since it's in a residential area. It is quite hipster-dominated but that's just what a lot of Garfield and the Roosevelt Row area are. Hopefully there will be people to welcome this place for a long time to come." But....what saves Welcome Diner for me is the food. I love the fried chicken and the sausage biscuits and gravy. The sandwiches are also excellent! The orange juice is fresh-squeezed and refreshing Peanut butter burger was good especially for them who love peanut butter in their burger."  great ambiance. Hip but not unwelcoming to middle-agers like me. It was a little more pricey than I was expecting but the food is locally-grown. The ""Carolina"" BBQ sauce on the pulled pork is mustard-based. Pretty good but not what I (or most people familiar with the typical Carolina red sauce) would have expected. Maybe the mustard-based sauce is more common in SC. Hamburger and lemon meringue pie were yummy. All around pretty good." Don't be intimidated by the humble surroundings from the outdoor seating area. It's comfortable and unpretentious "Okay so I went to Welcome Diner this morning after seeing my friends IG post of his food a week ago. Met a friend and we sat inside was greeted by the entire staff including Wayne and Justin the Cook Like I said before I can't wait to go back!! Highly recommend Their red bean and rice are fabulous and the portion is super generous!  I also had the Kentucky Thoroughbred cocktail and it was amazing.  There's something about sitting knee to knee with strangers at a nine-person diner counter talking about food and life and watching the chef's work in the teensy-tiny kitchen.  But don't worry - if you need some space and want to enjoy the amazing AZ weather there's a HUGE patio and fun little order window... something for everyone!  For dessert I got the homemade biscuit with goat cheese and apple butter.  The biscuit was warm but the cheese was cold and that was a weird combination.  But overall everything was delicious and I will totally be back!!! WOW  what a gem- cool spot for a off the grid epecurian delight.  Mike and Lou got it covered from Wiskey to Grits and Carlonia slaw  Fried chicken  a must  get the Big Jim or the Carol.  I will be back for Brunch next time I am in PHX. They serve PBR...Get that... PBR 16oz...Need to stock some Old Smokey shine... "This place makes me wish it was mine! The best home made biscuits They offer some select cocktails and a limited choice of liquor. But this doesn't matter because all you need to know is get a HURRICANE (or 3). You'll thank me later." "This place rocked. We were a little hesitant at first to try it bit it worked out. The location is right smack dab in the middle of a residential area and the diner literally sticks out of a house or possibly used to be a house but the food was phenomenal. All the seating is outdoor with a walk up window to order. The staff and the food choices definitely had a little hipster vibe. The collard greens were freaking amazing and the rest of the food was up to par for sure. Only complaint probably is that the drinks were a bit on the pricy side  house made beer mustard and bread &  butter pickles on a huge homemade biscuit. How they got the chicken freakishly crunchy yet completely juicy on the inside is a mystery right up there with the Loch Ness Monster and Bermuda Triangle. For a side  its a place you have to try. You will not be disappointed in any way. oh did I mention that they are locally owned and locally sourced? So not only can you get good food So they must have been some pretty good hurricanes." I will definitely be back to try their dinner options and grab another delicious cocktail." Place has a lot of character. Old RV converted into a restaurant. Minimal indoor seating but not a bid deal. Wish I lived closer... Great place." Don't listen to these winey bitches who give three stars... They obviously don't understand good food and good service. Would eat here every day if I didn't live so far away. Wow"  but I'm kicking myself. Any place that has beets on the menu gets an automatic A++."  great ambience in ""the hood."" It puts the soul in soul food; can't wait to hang out there again soon as my Lipitor digests; just cool as it gets in Phoenix" Customer service is top notch--everyone that works here is super friendly and the wait time for food wasn't too shabby. I really love the vibe of this place and predict many visits in the future. Day or night  my fiance had a welcome burger and the just custom made me a breakfast burger. The chef came in and made a burger he had just created and gave us a taste. Would totally drive down from LA again for another bite" Went here during first friday and it was a madhouse. I'm assuming things run a little smoother when the line isn't out the door so I give them the benefit of the doubt. Food is amazing all the way!  it's not enough for me to want to support an establishment that employs ignorant morons. I'll stick to Lux for great biscuits and gravy. It's a lot closer and the vibe is better."  easy going individuals who also enjoy good a Americana meal." Love the old diner feel. This place was absolutely delicious! I had the welcome burger & fries & my bf had the big jim. Both perfection!! I can't wait until next time so I can get the biscuit ;) Can't wait to come back to try something else!" "I'm from east coast and I'm trying to find the owner to let me allow this place in my strip mall this food is truely a touch of its own will hit every tasty bud....please understand!!!!!!!!''''''''you will leave leave happy and talking about""I wish I was their neighbor""'''! This spot will leave its mark....watch our in n out burger....be worried if people know what they are !!!" I love this place. All items on the menu are worthy to try them. My favorite one is the Koko (biscuit with fried chicken). The service is a bit slow but they are so sweet and cool that who cares? If you are even remotely close I will return for lunch and dinner to see if it gets better. I would recommend going at least once  there are lighter healthier biscuit choices that come topped with sauteed Kale and fried egg...but this place truly is a destination for abandoning healthy choices and diving head first into fat and calories."  they loved the food and the atmosphere. Just a fun  craft beers on draft... need I say more? I always end up here as an attempt to sober up after hitting up the bars off of Roosevelt. Long story short it never happens because they sell beer and I just end up getting extra wasted. But  the picky vegetarian had some bizarre avocado sandwich and a side of brussel sprouts.  If we end up moving to Phoenix "Nom Nom Nom.  The food here is so delicious!  My personal favorite is the fried green tomato sandwich and next would be the carol.  Of course my all time favorite is no longer on the menu  amazing staff. Only one time did I go where I wasn't impressed. Top of biscuit burnt and chicken dry. Other than that food and service has been superb. Great comfort food and a nod to the south with the fried green tomato sandwich!!" "This place is amazing!  I had the whitefish po-boy and ice tea.  My friends had biscuit sandwiches And a couple cocktails Thanks Welcome Diner for a great night!" "I had a spring salad and my friend had a welcoming breakfast. Both of them are great! If they can use a bigger bowl for salad  "Cute little diner right in the middle of the neighborhood. Stopped here real quick before taking my sister to the airport. We each had a biscuit sandwich: she had the chicken and biscuit with bacon I HIGHLY recommend this spot!!!" I got a fried green tomato sandwich on sourdough with house-made corn salsa and arugula.  It was fantastically delicious.  The ingredients were fresh and everything from the toasting of the bread to the battering of the tomatoes was well-executed.  Although the sandwich was filling and came with a slice of cantaloupe  I will definitely come back to the Welcome Diner!" tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw My only regret is that I leave tomorrow and only got to visit once :(" The staff was pretty friendly and checked on us several times. (I guess it helps that you add the gratuity while ordering+paying Oh and order off the menu the ""Cannibal Fries"".  Simply off the chain.  Fresh cut potato fries with caramelized onions Awesome neighborhood place!"  giant piece of fried chicken and the thickest gravy ever! I tried some and it was so good! Creamy and sinful! The last thing I tasted was the Brussels sprouts. Omg! Goooood! They were crispy and tasty! Only downside was the fries were a little salty. I would definitely go back. The atmosphere is exactly what downtown Phoenix is all about! I loved it!" One of my favorite spots in town. This place is amazing from the staff to the food ist incredible. The Po'boy Fish sandwich is really really good I get that and the Kiko i think... something along those lines is a breat burger.  it's soulful and lovely. Bring an insatiable appetite and leave with a permasmile." This was right of the plane and hungry place- good choice. They have a bloody merryish beer drink. Interesting!" Everything was delicious. We got various different chicken biscuit sandwiches and burgers. Fries were great. Cole slaw was good "THIS PLACE is great. I love this joint. The staff is awesome and the food is great. Their grilled cheese is so good. I also love their beer selection and their full bar. I have a hard time decided what to order when I go here because everything looks so good. This place is tucked away and can easily be passed up Daily salads are a work of art.  Great people serving great food." Holy shit!! You must eat here!! I live in the Bay Area and I still get cravings for that sandwich with buffalo sauce and blue cheese on it!! Why can't they be here in CA?! And that front porch tho!!! So sunny and warm! The staff and the customers who come here are awsome! Ps....please bring back ol' blue!!" HIghly recommend to come after dark in the summer because it is so blazing hot (mostly outdoor seating). We will definitely be returning for more pulled pork fries!" My fianc came here for a late anniversary dinner around midnight. I ordered a special burger they had called the Jose I believe and my fianc ordered the Carol. We both absolutely LOVED our food. The burger I ordered had a jalapeno relish with onions and it was just amazing. The Carol was also really delicious and unlike any other pulled pork sandwich we had ever eaten. The staff was very friendly and it was lit cutely with string lights. We are so happy to have a late night spot to dine in Phoenix that's not a fast food restaurant. I absolutely love this place and we will definitely be back! "Loved. Super duper friendly service. The bumble bee was delicious and filling. Chicken was juicy and flavorful. They made me a margarita even though not on the menu. The boyfriend was very pleased they played the pixies. Casual  and the atmosphere is friendly. I really enjoyed having the carol over fries "Fun local place to hang out and grab a bite when it's a reasonable temperature outside. My bumblebee was excellent. They definitely have the fried chicken and biscuits down.  My friends' three burgers were all overcooked to well-done without the any hint of pink. They're not burger snobs like I am and had no complaints but i probably would have. I also felt the drinks were weak or watered down for $10 a pop. I'll probably be back to try some other food Wow my friend found them on yelp what amazing food had welcome burger excellent.   Also had the corn dog appetizers wow the ladies I was with said it's the best hurricane they have ever had.  Great job guys a definite go to location for everyone. .. tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  and squash blossoms... all absolutely fantastic! We also really enjoyed the biscuit with jam for dessert. Everything about this place was great "Ahhhh! The best burger I think I've had! (the champion?) This place has redeemed my first impression of Phoenix! My beloved and I were just passing through. Phoenix was hot (really hot) Had the Mac and Cheese with Chicken and the Biscuits and Gravy with fried chicken. Both were hands down the amazing!! The restaurant is unique looking and has mainly outdoor seating. A great place with character and its open late. A MUST TRY while you are in the Phoenix Downtown Area.  but sitting outside under the misters was just fine!  I had the pulled pork fries and some poutine! Both were delicious!! The pulled pork has somes mustardy type sauce on it that is quite unusual but good!  The poutine is made with a white gravy and American cheese instead of the traditional brown gravy and cheese curds but very delicious and american dinerish.  Would definitely order again! I also had a hurricane  man oh man chicken doesn't get crunchier than that!  Also had a gin tonic made with their small batch tonic syrup.  My boyfriend had an amazing burger and as thought that wasn't enough we shared the Mac & cheese Was my first time there...I loved it! ! I got the big jim I think..it was biscuits and gravy bacon and fried chicken! !! Mmmm delicious! ! Also ordered the hurricane drink during happy hour it was 6$ such a summer refreshing drink! !  you won't believe it. No it's not pulled pork it's pure veggie. The drinks are marvelous  so be careful in arizona summers" Love this place. Awesome eats. Kick ass staff. Late night hours. Fabulous Tuesday night.  and insanely delicious mac. Melted with different kinds of cheese and blow torched to a perfect crisp. Deeeeeeelish" "First time here and I have no problem giving them five stars.   We had wonderful service provided by Mikey and Drea.  Clayton was the chef and man can he cook. Wonderful food While driving around town my friend and I came across the welcome diner. I've seen it before during an art festival but never had the chance to eat there. Remember that day I told my friend we should try it. When we arrived to the window where you order food the customer service was horrible and very unfriendly. The guy that was taking our order was just rude and not happy at all. It seem like he was upset about something and was taking it on us. It was our first time being there and I would of thought that the guy would of mention the daily special or even recommend he's favorite dish but instead was so commanding and rude. To make matters worse; we did not get our food until an hour later. The burger was dry and not tasty. There was no love to the burger. I don't think I'll go back or recommend this place to my friends or family.  the flavor and and taste is insane..... This reminds me of one of those spots you run into in California.  Trust me Try the jackfruit fries  natural/organic (when possible) food and are creative with their dishes. I'll be back and I'm bringing some GFs next time. ;-)"  and a deliciously unique menu. We'll be coming here often!" "I'm so glad I tried this place after a friend recommended it to me. I ordered the Champion burger with fries. The burger was so good. It was perfectly juicy and the bacon jam was JAMMIN!  there is mostly outside seating. When we went the inside seating was all taken. They have really friendly staff  local ingredients which makes this place even more awesome!!! Service is super friendly and the ambiance is very chill-like you're in an old friends back yard! We ordered the big Jim  hurricanes are well done and there is a good beer selection. High quality food in a relaxed setting." I highly recommend this place...the food is mostly locally sourced...it's fresh...tasty...reasonably priced...outdoor seating available...a laid back vibe...started by 5 friends with varying artistic talents...very friendly and accommodating... tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw The service at Welcome Diner is casual but friendly and efficient. You'll get real attentiveness at the counter and maybe some small talk. Don't expect anything too formal - this is definitely a neighborhood joint tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  our chef for the night. Great job!"  but was super tasty by the time we got it at 5:45.  The whole menu looks really good."  I don't even know but he was super hospitable and welcoming and great all around. The food was out of this world.yum.dude. LOVE." Great food. Great little whole in the neighborhood.  Great people.  Recommend to anyone looking for good food in Phoenix. John and his girlfriend are delightful and definitely NOT hipster."  bacony and gravy-y and delicious. The coffee was good too. This is a great brunch spot." Hurricane is  a must and big joe is amazing!! Staff is very pleasant too great ambiance overall A little to crazy for your taste buds?  No worries.  They have normal food too.  Welcomediner.net" Tried Welcome Diner for the first time tonight.  We did only try the Hurricanes but will definitely be back to try the biscuits. The place is very unique.  We sat outside and it was kind of like sitting in someone's backyard.  They have a walk up window if you chose to sit outside or you can sit inside at the small counter. It was happy hour all day since it was Tuesday.  Awesome!! Service as polite and quick. The Hurricanes were refreshing but not strong. Don't let the neighborhood or decor scared tour away. Can't wait to come back and try the food and other cocktails. service was great. beer was local and delicious. food was wonderful. music was fun and super loud. all in all "Proof that art can come from a two burner kitchen. Laughably small kitchen creates some very big tastes. Plan to go on a cool night and enjoy the great patio. Not an indoor diner "I love this place ! such a big variety of delicious meals to order. No WayJose burger is the best Really cool little casual place to eat with great food! In a nutshell: Love this place. We'll be going back again and again." Absolutely loved our food and the atmosphere. The service was amazing as well. Also loved fact they buy their food locally.  I got the champion burger and it was the best burger I've ever had anywhere. The bacon jam is really a hidden treasure. We'll be coming back hopefully every weekend. Thanks welcome diner for providing an awesome experience.  and the welcome burger along with 3 old fashions. The drinks were served right away with the food very shortly after. All of the items were amazing and we will definitely be back many many many times." I was in town for a graduation and my daughter found this place on yelp and I'm glad she did. The atmosphere was great and the food was excellent. Best time I had in Phoenix  good place to eat.  Found both in Welcome Diner.  It's in the middle of a fairly residential area near downtown.  Very informal and looks almost like a Foster's Freeze type place with mostly outdoor seating.  I sat at the counter.  The three young guys working were having a great time cooking Definitely a place worth checking out ... Just not one that I'd visit frequently."  but so glad I took a nice stroll from mi amigas casa to do so bcus this place is super. I got the eggplant parm special. The breading for the eggplant was on point but I realized I'm not a fan of soggy bread so that kills it cuz you need the sauce. Supper yummy sandy though! I also tried the Bumble Bee. It is served on a biscuit (so warm/so soft) fried chix w/a bourbon mustard sauce  it was probably the best fish sandwich I've had. I want to go again and try everything I can eat. Also please try the honey soaked beignets they serve so you can die happy." Bottom line. We left stuffed and happy. A very memorable meal produced by a great team. We will be back."  as are the drinks(they make their own tonic and other cocktail ingredients). I am pretty sure that all or most of the food ingredients are bought locally. The wait staff are almost all local artists and musicians(as are a lot of the customers) Definitely my favorite diner in AZ. Such a friendly staff! And the Hurricanes... BEST DRINK omg! This place is a must if you are in the neighborhood! I'm only in Phoenix for a few days but I'm tellin ya I will be coming back here before I leave. Hospitality: the best. Ever. Food: I tried the welcome burger medium rare AND IT WAS SO GOOD. Definitely gonna try the Mac and cheese with chorizo next time. The people that work here might as well be family; they're a really tight knit group and we had two of the employees come talk to us--Mike and Wayne: really cool chill guys. You might at first be weirded out by the location (it's in the middle of a bunch of houses) but it adds to the homely feeling that I experienced while at the welcome diner.  but doesn't mess up the sandwich. Oh do these people know exactly what they are doing with the honey on top! Honey and pickles on one sandwich together in perfect harmony (swoon). Chik-fool-a can kiss my diversity after this sandwich. Not that I've eaten there since --you know-- but it was something to miss. My sister had the ""big Jim"" and man is that a lot of gravy. Nothing was wrong in that sandwich other than ordering it with a side which would make you glutton of the year. (She ordered the Mac n'cheese with it and I hope she never reads this).  Don't do it  the mac & cheese with chorizo AND bacon and the Carol - yum!!! We are coming back! The drive from Cave Creek is worth it!!!" You want amazing food try this place. The pulled pork fries are delicious. As is the ginger beer and take the recommendation of the staff you won't be disappointed! Our fish po'boys  and beignets in local honey were SUPERB! Totally worth the adventure."  but the was a major bee issue the day I ate there. It was very hard to enjoy the juicy burger they cooked up for me while I was constantly ducking and dodging the damn bees. Though good  and super secret beignets with peanut butter Strongly recommend the cheese sandwich.  Love the heavy cream with smooth Blue House coffee. Definitely one of the best places to eat in Phoenix. Food is always solid and atmosphere is laid back. Our favorite place to take people Went to celebrate with family and friends and had Delicious Bloody Mary's and feasted on some good ole homemade food for the Soul!  Holy Puerco is The headliner followed by the Bumble bee !  Had a bite of the  peanut butter burger and it was delicious!   Come check them out!   Cool spot!  she wanted to take me to Braggs since she lives downtown but the wait was crazy. I had the welcome breakfast and it was the best breakfast I've had in a long time. The biscuit  but it's a family-friendly neighborhood joint too. Small bar inside and picnic tables on the outside patio encourage a community atmosphere. We ended up having a nice conversation with a guy who sat down at our table. :)" Very fun place to go late night too." "OMG. A must visit when in Phoenix !!! Maybe it is just because I love real food and of course real drink. So my second visit to the Welcome Diner was much delayed with conflicting travel schedules that did not bring me here in time for a masterful dinner sooner. My loss... Check out the pics this time around. Biscuits Gravy - Fried chicken - Yes FRIED EGGS (2)- Brussels Sprouts with Bacon and of course red slaw. Well cardiologists you must be jealous. Drink order:   ""Black Cat"" = Bourbon rocks +  splash of Absinthe. Drink of the Kentucky Gods.     Only request would be that they stock some Old Smokey Shine in a Mason Jar of course." "This place is SO rad. My crew and I were in town working an event and couldn't find anything open for dinner and drinks after 10pm. Found this place on yelp and was so so so happy about it. Looks like something you would find in Austin  slurricanes are perfect. The end."  but it works especially on their fries. Wed. has a happy hour featuring those same fries with pulled pork and a very special Cole slaw. Add a burger and a beer and you've got more than enough for two for dinner at under $25. This is serious food My husband and I had our wedding dinner at Welcome Diner and it was absolutely perfect. Before friends arrived I warned the staff that there was a sizable group coming by and if we were in the way or too loud to please let me know and I'd deal with it. The staff's response was If you're near downtown and not afraid to go a little off the beaten path "This place is freaking awesome. Burger is on point. It's outside and you will probably have to wait a little bit "This is probably my favorite place to grab a casual dinner in Phoenix.  It is usually pretty busy on the weekends so be prepared to wait a while unless you can find a spot at the 8-10 seats inside.  Unless you are a veg I expect you to try the fries smothered in pork and slaw.  Hands down the best thing I've had there to date.  The PB&B burger is great and so is the Bumble Bee biscuit.  If you live in the downtown area or you hit up RoRo often The late-night hours are great and the outdoor seating lets me take advantage of one of my favorite things about living here - the cool Phoenix nights. So in to it." This is my favorite place to come sit outside. Really delicious food. Love coming late night for whiskey sours too. Staff is always awesome.  they give you real cream for your coffee... Did you hear me? Heavy fricken cream!!! So good. Make sure you follow these guys on facebook for their beautiful daily specials that you wouldn't find in any other diner in the world (fresh made chicken and dumplings with butter poached chanterelle mushrooms for example). Have the pb and bacon burger... So yummy. Drinks? Forget about it Summation: Do you like food? GO HERE." Can't wait to try the biscuits next time.  Atmosphere is laid back.  Bathroom is tiny. Food is very tasty  I will return someday for another jackfruit po'boy Freaking AMAZING food. Some of the best I have had in my entire life. And the service is incredible. We were impressed with our main entrees and by the guys who run this little miracle on wheels." -Maisie. Cousin of Joe from Jayhawk Country."  authentic food in Phoenix. My favorites include the Big Jim (chicken biscuit w/ gravy + bacon) and the PB&B. But everything is great. Awesome atmosphere and employees Simple review. I will definitely be back... Tomorrow! Just look at the pictures. Phenomenal. "Classic diner food and drinks with a twist. We came here on First Friday to try out something new as we're typically inclined to hit Angel's Trumpet. This place is a true diamond in the rough that you would end up passing by if you didn't know what you were looking for. I got the Chicken Philly which was on special that night. The chicken was perfectly seasoned Amazing food!!! The best burger I've ever had. Everything thing here is amazing. Super fun ambiance & place to hang out. It has very reasonable prices for the quality you get. The staff are all super nice. You have to come here!!!!  they were playing great music and we had good conversation with the bartenders and even the cook. Will be back soon!" "I love this place. What a neat little local gem in the Garfield Historic District.  The food is delicious and the drinks are made with love and real juices. This is my favorite brunch spot downtown "This is the homiest  most delicious place to visit. You won't be disappointed in the chicken "Found this AMAZING little Gem while looking for some street art in the Phoenix Art District. A MUST try and MUST visit for good home cooking "The Big Jim and the beignets have been on my foodie bucket list for some time and I finally stopped by last Sat.  The food was good (not great) but the ambiance was totally unacceptable.  They had a DJ playing music at an obnoxious volume. Not only was it at an unneighborly volume for being in a residential setting  and a well-cooked egg. My gin and tonic (ordered on a whim) was a bit weak for my taste. 5 stars for a better drink and a cleaner bathroom." The big Jim and the Carol are both fantastic. It is also a really nice place to sit outside in the evening.  and gravy with syrup. The chicken was so awesome so tender! The wait staff was awesome as well!!!! Thanks for a great time!!"  but sooooooooo worth it!!"  you get to the walk up window where you check out their ever changing specials menu board or the regular menu with a wide variety of fun dishes to choose from. They also have a full bar with a drink menu which I was pretty happy about! The food is all made in house with the very freshest local ingredients  in the middle of a neighborhood in downtown Phoenix . My boyfriend and I have been here now let's say 7xs and I'm shame to say I'm finally writing a quick review. There food is delicious and fresh. Check out my pictures I definitely recommend this outdoor diner to everyone you won't regret it. My favorite is the koko; crispy moist fried chicken in between delicious biscuits with a spicy cream sauce and fresh tomato and arugula with a side of sweet watermelon !" Great little funky place.  Unique food done very well.  Inexpensive place to chill out open late.  period. You won't regret it."  I am still in a food coma..." It's wonderful that such a unique place exists in the neighborhood - love having cool places to show people to prove that Phoenix really is a fun place to live."  with love and attention to detail. Someone came out and checked on me while I was eating This place is awesome! It totally remind me of hole in wall joint in San Diego. The vibe is great and the food is amazing. You know it's a great place to eat when the line is hitting the street. "Be ready for yum. These guys hit all the right notes - quality food with no pretense. This is what diner food should be. Get a nice drink to start  a great spot to stroll into in the morning after a huge night out on the town their Bloody Marys will make you feel just right again!!!" Hands down the best brunch I've ever had. Inventive "some of the best food in downtown phoenix hands down & fantastic customer service!! i love the consistency of this place The pulled Jack Fruit was magnificent! Super convenient and a nice home feel.  local and comfortable. It's one of the few...actually ONLY respectable restaurants that I can walk into on a Friday and Saturday at 7pm without a 2 hour wait or calling ahead for a reservation. I hope welcome diner is preserved forever Favorite new spot: 1. Best biscuits in Phoenix. 2. Amazing food. 3. Delicious libations. 4. Great staff. 5. Reasonable prices. 6. Crystal's Hot Sauce. Dk7idKMGFO_7uRZ41QSy-A Place is awesome.   No words can describe this place.    It is in the ghetto but distinguished.    Service is friendly and personable.   Well done!  it was delicious.  Ordered the beignets for dessert. They may have been the best I've ever had and that includes the originals from Cafe du Monde in New Orleans.  It's defiantly a young crowd and it gets busy but it was nice to just hang out and enjoy a beautiful warm night. The cocktail list is innovative and they know what they're doing.  Highly recommend."  and arugula surrounded by a delicious basil cashew pesto. Unbelievably refreshing. To finish we went with the honey drizzled beignets and basically licked the plate clean. Oh and also the cocktails here are amazing - heaven on earth. And we spent about $60 on all of it. Such a ridiculous bargain. Writing this from the lovely shaded patio waiting for our eggs and biscuits to arrive. We might never leave!" If in Phoenix eat here. Fried Chicken and a Champaign-a-cane. Fucking fabulous on a Sunday morn.  the best garlic chicken sandwich I've ever had. love the fries too. nice people." "Chose this diner because of all the rave reviews and wasn't disappointed! Five stars for atmosphere  comfort food with a modern twist.  The standouts that I've tried thus far are the PB&B Burger and the Big Jim.  The handcrafted libations are all done very well and they are not shy with their pours!  It comes as no surprise to me that this business is thriving and growing!  All day happy hour on Tuesdays.  Check it out when you're in the hood or downtown!" 8/10 on the hipster-o-meter. Really friendly staff. I had the big jim and my friend had the watermelon salad. Both were really good. 2 minor negatives would be the price ($9 for chicken bacon biscuit sandwich) and lack of seating.  the bill was over $20 and the food was sub-par. Will I try this place again? Possibly with some liquid courage." "What a great dive! Welcome Diner has a Happy Hour. I got Carolina BBQ fries and a homemade ginger beer.  That beer had so much ginger it tasted peppery and it is strong! So delicious! The fries were a touch too salty with the mustard based BBQ and vinegar slaw. John got a Big Jim with was a huge biscuit with fries chicken "I had a great time dining at this place. Loved the casualness of the establishment. Order from the walk up window and the food gets delivered to your outdoor patio table. The food was comfort This place is amazing! Went for some late night chow after a show. Service was great food was soooooooo good! I had the delicious best ever vegetarian jackfruit sandwich and my friend had the Mac n cheese. Recommend!  it's a large tasty portion. There's a bartender inside that makes great a great old fashioned. The seating is first come first server and there's no table service (unless you sit inside at the bar which seats about 8 people). Have one person wait in line to place your order an another hold down some spots during busy hours."  best joint in all of Phoenix. Quaint outdoor seating and the most incredible home cooked southern style dinning. Every single thing was delicious."  it is delicious. The only caviot is that the hurricanes and other drinks don't seem near as strong as they used to."  the food was excellent and the drinks were tasty. Topping it off was the outdoor seating and the crowd  but I was proved wrong for sure when we sat down. First of all the vibe here is what is (hipster) but very happy friendly people both behind the counter and what I would suspect are regulars. The employees were very helpful and patient with me taking my time to order  they make some refreshing mixed drinks (I had the Hurricane) and they also have a nice little beer selection as well. I almost forgot about that... I probably need to drink less of them next time."  and 2) there were quite a few ants on the narrow table/bench where I sat outside.  I can understand these things being ""normal"" for ""normal"" situation outdoors "I love my Mac and cheese with extra sauce and Brussels sprouts and don't forget the second generation. It's phenomenal. For the most part the staff is super inviting and ""welcoming"". I've only had a couple experiences where I've felt like an inconvenience to them. Definitely not everybody there is like that!"  and you won't be disappointed. The cocktails are great too!" And unlike a lot of the downtown establishments the hipsters working here smile and say thank you and stuff. so refreshing. thanks for being awesome!"  groovy and welcoming. When I have guests flying in town this is always my first stop after the airport! Welcome diner is life!"  and great service. The patio is fun and people watching the neighbors as they walk by just adds to the uniqueness of this food truck turned restaurant. What more do you need?"  and fried green tomato sandwich. This is also one of my favorite spots for cocktails!" The fried green tomato on a biscuit with an egg....what....that's right...go there....orgasmic flavor explosions....everybody here is like family...great concept great people and amazing food. Just reminds me of a queens New York diner with way better food. Chef Michael Babcock is nothing short of genius. Ask for the ""David"" and your life will be changed...open til 2...get your fix. See you there. Big up to Wayne *Bike parking available and free car street parking too!!" We will definitely be back and often.  :)" This is my late night joint. Fire biscuit selection. Staff is fantastic and loving. Top 5 pics In Phoenix handdddds down.  but I'd have to say the tomato was the standout. The sourdough bread they were served on was a treat in itself. We finished up with the beignets with local honey and powdered sugar which were also insanely delicious. A little different than what I've had in New Orleans In the din of a South Central Phoenix neighborhood lies a throwback gem serving up some of the most creatively constructed southern comfort dishes this side of Paula Deen's mint julep soaked dreams. Run by a bunch lads that seem to be the progeny of a hipster-hippy relationship gone incredibly right the place has a great atmosphere and spot on service to match their menu.  A definite must stop when you make your many forays in the increasingly attractive downtown corridor. "Awesome spot! It's like a permanent food truck/ diner combo with plenty of outdoor seating. Strung up lights and eclectic furniture help create a cozy "What a great little find. A little oasis in the middle of a foreboding neighborhood. Have been a few times (once twice in the same day) and not yet disappointed. Except "Legit burger! I had paradise valley burger earlier in the day and the burger here was better in my opinion. I had the peanut butter burger with bacon and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Much better value compared to PVB. I also had a biscuit with honey and it was delicious also. Great place When we got there it was late at night.(almost their close) and they were out of everything. No problem they asked us what we wanted and they made substitutes and the food was delicious. Wow. I mean yes it was late night eats but I wouls get this at any time of the day.  Looove it. I would religiously talk about how great this place was....tonight june 13 was off!!! Our biscuits came out burnt....sent back...good brought back the sandwich was super salty....fries with gravy cold the cheese stuck it all together....tell the waiter he's says....it's you!!!!45.90bill for three biscuit chickens and it's me???!!!! What a bad experience and customer service was less than one star!!!! I'm sorry welcome back diner but me and my friends family won't be back#!!!!! Hire employees that actually care! My new favorite late night food spot. The cocktails were outstanding (do yourself a favor and get the whiskey sour) and the portions were large and delicious. My girlfriend and I split the Jim Bob and it was plenty for a late night snack. My only disappointment was that it took me almost 8 months living here to find the place. I ordered a hurricane and beneigts and instantly  felt like I was back in New Orleans! Fresh and yummy! Everything we ordered came out within about 15min  I always take them here for great drinks and delicious food. My go-to drink is Whisky Sour and my go-to food item is the Little Birdy- MUST TRY! Either the Litte Birdy  mustard) and my husband ordered the  PB&B burger (burger with peanut butter and bacon).  My dish came with a few pieces of sweet watermelon and his came with a side of slaw. We first experienced a peanut butter burger at rehab where they also add grape jelly and sriracha and my husband has been on a PB burger roll ever since. He thought his burger was very tasty and ate his whole plate. I liked my biscuit dish but I think I was expecting something a little more....substantial? The chicken was really great and moist but it felt like there was something missing. I think I was expecting it to be slathered in honey/sauces but it was certainly worth the price ($8.50). I'd definitely come again but I think I'll try another dish next time."  then the grilled cheese and fried green tomato sandwich! Loved everything but the AZ heat. Go inside! ALL the staff is friendly. A must visit in Phoenix" tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  and it was a great experience. Highly recommend the koko biscuit and the hurricane! Will be back soon :)"  you would do well to pound a path to this wiggity-wack little diner in the middle of a dusty old Phoenix neighborhood. Off the beaten path  beautiful ambiance. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes to eat local food outdoor in Downtown Phoenix."  great drinks and a great al fresco dining experience make Welcome Diner one of my favorite spots in Phoenix. If you come at night sit at the big round table on the 10th street side for great views of downtown."  the food is AMAZING. We came here on a Friday night at around 7 and it was decently busy. The thing about this restaurant is they make you tip before you get your food. I made the mistake of tipping 17%. While the food came out pretty fast   finally somewhere in AZ that actually cooks the burger how you order it. Plus they have brewed in az beers to top it all off. It's hidden in a kinda sketchy neighborhood  but the decor within the restaurant makes you feel comfy and the food is so worth it!  I will definitely be going back!" "This place had some pretty spot on food! The atmosphere was pretty quaint and enjoyable. Nice little joint. Only downside was the limited hours...it'd be nice to be able to grab lunch during the week here "Food is great. Food is 5 stars. Service is meh. 3 stars for service. The gripe on the service is probably more to my personal taste. The place is very hipster This place is AWESOME. Seriously a gem in the area. I was taken here last night and returned tonight because it was a no brainier. This is the perfect spot for a late date night. Great food and awesome drinks. I am a huge fan of the ginger beer(added it to a old fashion). They have a really awesome staff that really work hard. They have great customer service skills and seem to really like working there. All around this is a great business and I will be back many more times in the future. This place is no joke. The biscuits are to die for. Pork Fries are unreal. I wish I had more room in my stomach to try everything on the menu. The service is top notch as well. Just an awesome place to eat and chill with friends or  bring your family for a late dinner for outdoor seating :) all food choices are unique and absolutely delicious. You have to try the biscuit sandwiches!! Their gravy is like no other! I loved it and I'm not a big gravy fan.  with a side dish of humor to make the evening even more fun. Looking forward to my next visit and bringing friends to experience this fabulous establishment." The staff was very friendly and while they were only moderately busy service was very prompt. There is plenty of parking on the street. I will definitely be back." Food is  an A-. Service is A+. Environment is A+++. My suggestion is to have more items in the menu. "This little gem is tucked away in a quiet neighborhood near downtown Phoenix. We happened to be driving through on the I10 and I am so glad that we stopped. The service was friendly and had some awesome recommendations as it was our first time. Everyone loved their orders Keep opening up fun places and turning around Phoenixs food culture!"  fun atmosphere. Happy Hour is great  or were here for your first time! The food was mind blowing. My family of four inhaled everything on our plates! The only disappointing thing is there is not one in our hometown! I STRONGLY urge everyone to stop by THIS IS DA BEST PLACE!! I had the grilled cheese and boyfriend has the PB&B burger and both were friggin amaze-balls. I just left in a food coma and I already want to go back. Coolest staff. Best food. AND DA DRANKS. So good. I like. Go here. By time my food arrives my friends are done eating wack services . I was the first one to order too lol had get my money back "It's kinda southern comfort food with a hipster twist.  I'm a fan.  I hear they have an awesome ""after-hours"" scene on weekends.  When I'm in that kinda mood I will try it." Such great vibes at this place and their pulled pork fries are like a dance party in my mouth so delicious! "Absolutely love this place. Great vibe BTW: Fried Green Tomato sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had!"  is very good!  The menu is pretty limited because it's a VERY small space but we all had some biscuit sandwiches and they were really nice!  Hot and fresh!"  and this is a great example. A real gem in Phoenix."  but these actually seemed to venture to the weak side - FYI."  and the poutine and I've got to say that everything is beyond incredible. Their Hurricanes are the best drinks! Staff is always friendly and the food is so worth the price. Love it!"  but their fried green tomato sandwich is better than most things in life. And I will happily come back for that over and over. I don't think I'll get tired of it "The only bad thing about Welcome Diner is that I always crave it on Mondays when they are closed! This is our go-to late night spot when we need some comfort food. But Welcome takes comfort food to another level. They use local QUALITY ingredients and I am a firm believer that this makes ALL the difference in food. We have tried lots of things on their menu: all of their biscuits and gravy. The Big Jim with fried chicken is my favorite. ALWAYS add a fried egg. Burgers. Poutine. The shredded pork fries and jackfruit meat vegan fries. We've tried a number of their specials. I ALWAYS get an order of their brussel sprouts. Beignets. I have never ever been disappointed here. Thank you for being you Come here for the righteous chicken sandwiches and greasy burgers! A PBR will sweeten the deal "Such a cute place! Perfect hang out spot with friends they close at 2am! Even cute for a first date! Not many vegetarian/vegan options though. I loved the feeling of being at home  great food. I get takeout from WD at least once a week."   if it's actually going to be good.  This is one place where not just the food speaks for itself...the service was great and the best part is how they actually bring the food out to you even though you order a food truck window." Thank you WD staff for being so bad @$$ - continue to kill it!"  awesome scene! Get the pulled pork fries and fried green tomato sandwich! Don't think twice about this place  BBQ and burger. Who knew? Treat yourself to this fun little diner and you will find yourself laughing and talking to the other guests like we did. Great food with a great staff."  health ect. and had to stop eating here because their were hardly any veggie options and we were never given a straight answer about whether any of the products were local. Vegetables aside eats me some fried chicken here mm m m m mmmmmm" "I love this place. IDK what Brentski is talking about. lol I have been going here for years... And this is my first review ever and it had to be for my favorite place in Phoenix. Everything on the menu is fabulous!! Even the PB&B burger that I never thought I would try... Amazing. Their slaw and Brussels sprouts are on point!!!  sweet and courteous. I'm visiting from Cali and I most definitely will try to come back before leaving." "Just left an awesome dinner at Welcome Diner. Staff is beyond friendly  I like the diner feel.  I had the welcome burger and he cooked it perfectly.  The poutine was delicious.  Very very good find for us.  Burger "Still the best place! I had the jackfruit po-boy and oh boy!! (I know... I'm sorry. It was just sitting there. It felt wrong not to.) also  especially the fried green tomatoes ! Can't wait to visit downtown Phoenix again and the Welcome Diner!" Also on my favorite list is Poutine Fries. Fries   but this needed one. There used to be a vegan ace in LA called pure luck. Had this bbq jackfruit sandwich that I loved. It went out of business a while ago and I haven't found one like it since. Until last night. That jackfruit po'boy was amazing. One of the best sandwiches I've ever had. My hat is off.  Honestly Food so good!  Staff so good!  Neat little old trailer and patio so GOOD!!  beer... Immensely satisfying biscuits and gravy. Cute Art Deco store front. Everything is perfect in the modern diner way as far as I can tell" "Got there at around midnight. Waited patiently to order the famous chicken biscuit sandwiches and poutin fries.  Unfortunately they were completely out of fried chicken and gravy.  Our bad luck turned into good luck because we had to go with other options.  Turns out the po boys and burgers are amazing!  Don't be afraid to go outside of your ordering comfort zone here.  Don't guzzle your drink too quickly  but it's super tasty!! Their fries are crispy and taste like real potato. The second generation cocktail is really good and I can drink those all day!" "Coolest place downtown! I'm sure them staying open for food until 2am has something to do with it. My sister and I shared a burger after a concert and it was so good we wanted more! Next time we will not share If only I could give them 1/2 a star for the unlimited cold ice water "What a little gem this place is. I really loved the cozy feel of the place. Mostly outdoor seating or you can eat inside at the bar. The food was amazing and the staff was super friendly! I got the PB & B which turned out to be really good. Who would have thought peanut butter on a burger would taste good   late night munchies happen all the time. Welcome diner always cures." tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  and the locally sourced ingredients. We split two burgers--the Welcome burger and the Blue Sky burger. Both were delicious and came with a side (we tried the cole slaw and the side salad). They have a cool retro bar and solid beer list  cute patio area. The cooks were churning out orders quickly. My boyfriend ordered a delicious White Russian stout and the blue sky burger  it's great to find a place with great food. Seating is outdoors. The food itself is awesome. I usually get a chicken biscuit. The biscuit is great and so was the chicken. They have gravy fries (putain) "I live for their jackfruit fries. A little pricy but worth it  this would normally be an odd combination but the sweetness of the pickles and the salt from the peanut butter made for a great duo. The atmosphere was very lively and happy. The service was good but when you order there is a small window that you order through and the woman/man who takes your order sticks you drink through this tiny window. This is a great Establishment and I will definitely be coming back." I will definitely be returning. There are a bunch of other delicious sounding items I'd like to try. A place with a cool  with quality ingredients. Great laid back atmosphere. Had a great time!" This place was amazing! Excellent service! Superb food! I see myself spending lots of time here with friends and/or family. Thank you!  and wonderful service. Not a lot of seating inside  outdoor setting! My only complaint is that it opens at 5..I've caught myself on multiple occasions auto piloting to Welcome Diner just to knock myself in the head for forgetting its not open during lunch hours." Good food! good fun! Shout out to the ladies jumping rope late hours! Great little diner. I've lived right down the block and never stopped in. When I found out they had food until 2am I stopped it. Love everything about this place! Burger was really good tried the fries they werent bad i like set up. Like that it didnt taste like a regular burger The fact that this place is basically in the middle of a sketchy neighborhood actually added to the appeal for me. It's a bright spot with outdoor seating that makes you want to have a good time. Can't wait to come back." "The best place I have been with all of my roommates. Definitely as good as they say! This is such a perfect  they make their own tonic water for their gin (or vodka) & tonic. They have a small menu of really exceptional dishes It was a great atmosphere with legit eats!" Best ginger beer in town!!! Food is all incredible.  Try the whole menu. Always fun to sit inside.  Hurricanes are delicious and I vote it best place to be on new year's eve! tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  mac n cheese with chorizo. I would've gone with fried chicken but he said chorizo was his preference. It was delicious. The Toddy and macaroni was perfect comfort food on a cold night. This is only one experience. I've brought everyone from friends  and the best burgers ever!!!" "Literally the best Mac and cheese in town. I journey from very far just for that! I'd write more "I'm obsessed!! Me and my two girlfriends came by here for a late night dinner and we were blown away! What amazing hospitality and food! The pineapple beer is flawless and the fried green tomato sandwich was to die for. Thank you for taking care of us so well Sometimes the line can be ridiculously long especially on first friday so just The food was better than acceptable and it was hilarious to see the expression on the window clerk's face when I ordered a Coke and no booze.  She was quite friendly though and the server also was for the most part.  The crowd seemed laid back and content to mind there own beeswax.  I'll definitely hit this joint up again at a later date. Their idea of $8+ poutine is white gravy on a sad amount of fries? Pathetic. Don't waste your time. This is my favorite place to eat when I'm in AZ. I travel all over the west and this place makes me smile every time. Great local food and the Beers are always legit. A must visit !  Cheers.  take a cheat day here and get their Mac N Cheese! It is to die for!! All their food is amazing!!"  the food is amazing. Great job in the kitchen. Drinks are awesome. Prices great. Fun and social atmosphere  the grilled cheese and the little birdie are so good and they have a good selection of beers and cocktails. Most of the seating is outside (there are big heaters for the colder months) with a very few seats inside although I have never eaten inside. Staff is very friendly and has a really great neighborhood vibe."  it's all about the grilled cheese on the biscuit with bacon added. The sides that come with the dishes are disappointing. I'd prefer a smaller/easier to eat sandwich with some sauteed veggies."  great atmosphere. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the food is a bit pricey.  But don't let that stop you from trying it at least once. (Though I think if you go once "When you see the building you might be like ew gross but then once you try the food you're like yummmm! I've been here a few times and always like my food! Drinks are good too! I would use the restroom before coming here though  we decided to try this place out. It was ridiculously expensive for what you get. Not great for kids as there are no kids menu options and they wouldn't serve a smaller portion of the $8 mac and cheese ""snack"" when I asked. Also no high chairs or booster seats. My husband had the biscuits and gravy which he said were tasty  since it's their area I'm sure we will be back before you know it!" So different. So simple. So delicious! Pretty amazing every time I've been here. First time I went with a Clever Koi cook and he knew the people that worked there so we got free samples. Can't really go wrong with anything but the fried green tomato sandwich with bacon is probably my favorite. They open later on in the day and are open until 2am. It's our #1 choice for a late night bite!"  and a generous cocktail list. For a very small price  adding Tomato Confit and Jalapeo Relish made it extravagant!" "We were looking for a late nite bite. Although nobody called us dude (sir) it was only because we were old enough to be everyone's parents. No matter Welcome Diner has made me rethink fries with toppings. Someone (chef) tell me the secret of layering your already tasty fries with savory pork and somehow keeping the fries crispy underneath?! It's one of life's greatest mysteries but I am okay with it. Can't wait to return for a homemade whiskey sour- the mix is tangy and tart and just plain yummy. Love love love this place! I can't say enough good things about it. My cousin lives in downtown so whenever I'm in the hood this is where we always choose to go. Food is to die for!  but we waited 45 minutes to get our food ... That's crazy.  Kitchen is way too small "This place is so cute! I can't get enough of it! They make their own ginger beer! Chicken and waffles! Biscuits! PBR! Huzzah! The poutine is a must try. The atmosphere is casual and friendly  within 20/30 mins of them being there AND gave them free drinks. Maybe it's because we're Asian and we were the minority at the diner." "One of the best spots to go after a night of dancing/drinking. Food is good! I've had a few burgers and they all were awesome "Beignets to die for! We happened onto this place after flying in at 11:00 pm from Philadelphia and what a find. Friendly Love their burgers.. Great atmosphere .. I suggest you guys come early to beat the rush.. The peanut butter burger is amazing.. I will definitely be back on Tuesday for all night happy hour. Being in the industry Excellent burgers and house made ginger ale.  Dinner came along with entertainment - police raid next door. Can't wait to come back!" you're great I hope to visit in the summer to keep the spirit alive !" LOVE this place! Super friendly staff and super good food. Such a good time and dog friendly!  and fries. All were delicious! The sourdough bread was exceptional. Looking forward to trying more dishes. We will definitely be back. Charming neighborhood eatery with friendly staff." They don't believe in customer service at the Welcome Diner.  Just hipster beards and mediocre cheeseburgers.  Sitting at an 8 top and the food runners can't take an order for us at the table and want us to wait in line?  This place is a hell hole. We have been waiting for more than an hour for our food on a Sunday night... I hope that it is worth this ridiculously long wait! Its picnic/family style seating in an outdoor patio that lights up nicely at night. If youre travelling to this place to eat tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw Awesome! Mac n cheese with bacon was insane!  Couldn't believe how much bacon they put in it.  Portions are huge!  Had to wrap most of it to go. "My husband and I loved this place! It has a laid back ambiance and is so unique! The food is a mix of New Orleans style and is so tasty! I'd recommend the poutine fries and the fried green tomato sandwich.  Also they make pretty good cocktails  and everything I ate and smelled was insanely delicious!"  perhaps a few bar style seating inside and a picnic style outside dining area in a downtown neighborhood. Expect to wait 20 minutes or longer waiting in line to order at the window Me and my family came to welcome diner had the no way Jose burger biscuits with goat cheese and jam and had the sweet beignets with local honey it was very succulent delicious and the bomb I give it 5 stars you got to get here  but I definitely wanna come back and try some more.  Get the ginger beer The burgers are delish fries are so good and the staff is friendly and helpful the spot is very hip and the vibe is chill I will definitely be back  but the menu items are majorly overpriced in light of the quality on the day of my visit. Plain biscuit was $4 and about the same quality as a Waffle House biscuit that sells for 1/3 of that." "My #1 Favorite place in Phoenix. That rare combination of great menu  and (Garfield) fried egg sandwich. Everything is fresh as well as the hamburgers are like a thing from the past (fantastic)!!!! Quite little in and outside seats- most importantly its cash just! Worth the drive! and an experience you must not miss!" tb24fvNJfHhyKEXkKn12Xw  there's is by far the best. You can't go wrong with any options. Vegetarians (and carnivores) will love the Jackfruit. Plus it's got a laid back atmosphere that's perfect when you want a low key dinner without compromising for low quality food." This place is small but it has a wonderful atmosphere and great food. The patio is a great spot to sit with friends day and the staff is really nice and helpful. I love that the location is convenient if you live downtown and its a fantastic spot for late night food. The biscuits and gravy are amazing here too. I would recommend this place to all my foodie friends!  few can get those flavor profiles right). But this jambalaya? Damn! I think cajun-foodies will be extremely pleased! The taste is like homemade New Orleans cooking "Incredible. I traveled to pheonix for the weekend and ate here late-night twice. Maybe it was the condition I was in after a concert Good service and yummy food. I had the PB&B burger and my boyfriend had the No Way Jose burger. Both were good and we both enjoyed the fries. We plan to eat there regularly now! I do recommend to get there early or prepare to stand in line and wait by the fence for an available table.  very old diner from the 1940's. I did not like the burger I got but to be fair I knew it was just me and not them. I got the PB Burger which I am guessing is an acquired taste that I have not yet acquired. Ha! So I wiped off the PB and devoured all the ingredients separately for this review. I was pretty happy with the results. All the ingredients were delish. The burger juicy and tasty. For some reason I was nuts about their pickles. lol. I love pickles but these were extra wonderful to me. I also liked their Brussel Sprouts. Super cool and friendly staff too." This place is so unassuming but it will punch you in the life with deliciousness! I just think about the biscuits and the gravy and the chicken! I have only gotten my food to go because we have several kids and it looks like a cool place for date night. The hours are hard to remember. But it's yum!  and the beignets. Everything was absolutely delicious. I want to come back Cool hang. Killer food. Gives a whole new twist to what diner food can be. Totally playing to the strengths of Phoenix. One of the best burgers I've had in town. Killing it here!  I am interested in trying everything else on the menu. I guarantee we will come back. Specifically to try the poutine fries and the Champion burger. And the biscuit sandwiches. And sausage gravy. I would ask more questions of myself but I think I'd end up writing too much about food on the menu I didn't get an opportunity to eat..." DELICIOUS!!  The chicken sandwich is outstanding! Visiting Phx from SD. Found this small diner on a yelp search. We are heading to east phx for a concert. Wanted something close by but not too pricey.  Nestled in a historic district surrounded by many original cottage homes this little walk up diner has some tasty eats. My sone went for the pb&b burger peanut butter and bacon. Came with fries. He says 5 stars. My husband got the fish po boy. A big piece of seasoned grilled fish with coleslaw on a bun. Nice and meaty flavorful fish. I got tge fried green tomato sammie with roasted brussel sprouts side. The sandwich was spicey but flavorful. Only miss here were the roasted sprouts. Too much overdark roasted sprouts. The ones not too browned were good in their simplicity. A thumbs up all around. Great comfort food...happy hour Tuesday is awesome.  Go hungry and then don't eat the next day to make up for it.  Pork fries were just awesome.  what really has me coming back is the home brewed ginger beer. It's spicy and biting but all around refreshing. So unique and flavorful! Made of the exact stuff that makes this place so special." Great service!! Very friendly!! We came on a Friday night so the kitchen was a little backed up but it was worth the wait. Definitely recommend!! There aren't words... Just go. Like... Stop what you're doing and get here. Get chicken or burgers or pork fries... WHO CARES?! It's all so f*ing good!!!! "Amazing Food! Amazing staff! Amazing owners! Support this local diner  you won't be able to focus on anything else besides the incredible food."  the friendly staff. It was happy hour and we had the pork fries ($7) the portion was huge and it was really tasty. It's also a full bar and they make great cocktails!  We will be back for sure!"  but Welcome Diner is on the same street as JoBot and Melt Neighborhood is def sketch as some Yelpers have commented on... But we no scared..lol" How can you not enjoy such a unique spot - a 1945 Diner with 8 stools and fantastic outdoor seating?!!"  but we always seem to find somewhere to sit. The fried green tomato sandwich has to be the best thing on the menu!" Welcome diner was very satisfying! We pulled up and I was like crap this place is either gonna be really good or really bad. We got the bumblebee and big jack with a side of Mac and cheese (added bacon). Wasn't a huge fan of Mac and cheese... It tasted a bit strange. The bumblebee was amazing with added hot sauce. I didn't try the big Jack because he finished it in two bites which meant it was pretty good! Best cheat meal there ever was - minus the Mac and cheese. It was a bit more expensive than I thought it would be... 47 with tip. Love this place. Somewhere you can grab a bite in the evening or late night and the quality is always the best. Top notch people and top notch food. "I love this place and am proud to support their business. I feel the love and hard work they put into everything they do when I eat there; it comes through in the consistent and soul-satisfying food because of they people they hire and continue to empower. So proud to have this little  and people and customer were extremely nice!"  was very gingerly. The location was really cool. Outside seating mainly. I was in awe. Food was great. Somehow I felt it would have been even better with milk shakes on their menu. We will be back! Give it a try! You will not be disappointed!" Diner. The food and service was impeccable! If you haven't been I would highly recommend trying it! Thanks Aaron You can see the happy people that make your food from quality stuff when you get there  but character makes up for it. I reccomend it if you've got no other options." Would i be back? Unlikely."  Yum and Yum!  Not to mention the awesome crafted cocktails!  We will be back!"  but truly high-quality dishes that stand on their own.   The outside setup is perfect.   The lighting creates a pleasant and relaxed atmosphere.  This is not a fast food place.  You will have to wait for your order "Great find!!! The food is very good with a welcome unique flare!! The atmosphere is chill and comfortable! The staff is very friendly and really tries to get to know its patrons. I've had the Big Jim This place has a bit of a laid-back hipster vibe if you."  based on the clever menu but I am hesitant."   the poutine fries were weird.  It was fries with white gravy.  Not at all what I thought I was going to be getting when ordering poutine."  but we figured it out.  The food was delicious!  After a concert it hit the spot!  My only dislike was bottled soda...I just love a glass of ice.  If I'm in the neighborhood I will come back here for sure!!!" Me and my girlfriend got the pb&b burger and no way Jose a couple days ago and wow these burgers are hands down the best we ever had and the coleslaw was awesome props to the cooks!  poutine is good but shredded cheese and white gravy is very non traditional." get the chicken sandwich on a biscuit."  it is easier to talk to all of the people in your group and when the weather is beautiful outside why not  :) I've only ordered the Big Jim and it's hard to venture away from a dish you already love! There's just something about fried chicken and gravy in-between 2 biscuits that make the perfect combination! The Poutine is delicious and there is definitely enough of it to share! My friends ordered the PB Burger  chill vibe. Reminds me of some of the hole in the wall places I've found on a tropical vacation out of the country. A perfect place to have some cocktails and spend hours talking with friends while sitting on picnic tables under string lights. I recommend going at night. The food was decent  we got to add chorizo which made that dish my husband's all time fave. My favorite was the pouting fries that we shared. Gaahhhhhh lee that is comfort food at BEST! I'm a ketchup girl but these fries hit all the right notes without any added condiments. The only con about this place is that seating is outdoors. The entire time my husband and I were fighting off flies and picking out debris falling from the tree from our food (it got really windy.) I'm sure the ambiance is much better when the weather isn't so annoying  but totally worth it. I am looking forward to trying more from the menu. The staff is super friendly and great customer service. We got our food in a decent amount of time. I will be returning and recommending this place." Fun and delicious dinner spot. Get the home made ginger beer. Good for vegetarians. Great atmosphere and friendly people.  and reasonable prices - especially for happy hour. Only complaint is the atmosphere - being right by a street with cars whizzing by isn't the ideal vibe. Overall though  or a daily special. Definitely check the seasonal hours just to ensure you're going for the right meal. While we love the burgers Been here two times now for comic con rest place to chill and yummy food ! Burgers and smothered frys This place is amazing. Food is next level and so is the service. Rob was awesome. That is all Do It! Do it now! or wait until HH either way I may move onto other states of employment and residency but I hope to forever return to a place that has meant so much to me." "So I was downtown today doing some charity work with friends. One of them mentioned that we had to try out ""Welcome Diner"". So we did. OMG!!! Found my new favorite Burger spot. Everything was amazing. Literally the BEST fries I've ever had. Plus they have a full bar and ice cold beer. I highly recommend it and will be back soon. Manager Zach is really nice too!"  as well as the ambiance that made me jump through time to yesteryear and relive memories that never happened but that I always wished had happened." everything on the menu is great. top 3 burgers in phoenix. "Absolutely love every single food item I have ordered. Delicious PB burger I wouldn't go before 9pm personally unless the temp is under 90 degrees because of the seating and how heavy the food is. But this is definitely one of the best fried chicken and biscuits I've had in Phoenix so I definitely recommend checking this place out when the weather is nice." Best place in phx! I love the jack fruit sandwich! It's a fun atmosphere with great people. "I am going to hold total  judgement on this hippy hangout but be warned: check the prices BEFORE you go.  Two tiny  biscuit orders and gravy fries will set you back $30 and then add a drink with tip and tax you will be out $40.  I mean really.  Nice  place for skinny females who eat like a bird but if you are a construction worker who wolfs down 3 Big Macks Verdict:  Glad I went and had a great time!  Will I be back?  Nope.  Once was enough" Great food with customer cocktails.  Family friendly and good local people who are friendly running the place. A true delight with a short and thoughtful menu filled with well prepared grub.  bombest food in town. Their Champion burger with Mac and cheese was pretty dank. Probably the best burger and Mac and cheese I've had. Also their braised pork with fries was good too. I'm definitely coming back to this spot every time I'm in Phoenix! Btw This place has amazing food.  I had the fish and it was so good.  Spicy!   The drinks are really good too.  Check out the Ginger beer.   Come for happy hour and enjoy Be very hungry. Be very very hungry. Anything else i say would just be words."  bombest food in town. Their Champion burger with Mac and cheese was pretty dank. Probably the best burger and Mac and cheese I've had. Also their braised pork with fries was good too. I'm definitely coming back to this spot every time I'm in Phoenix! On top of that A good place to hang when the weather is cooler but I wouldn't take a girl there on a first date."  but it's the setting that makes this place awesome! It's very low key with limited seating and Christmas lights hanging in the trees. It's the perfect place to chill in a small group!" Childish at best. Will not frequent this location again. What sucks is that I've been going here since they were running out of the food truck years and years ago."   looking forward to the new location for more seating in the Garfield. The entire crew who make up welcome are truly wonderful and know how to make you feel at home. And obviously the food and drinks are the best in Phoenix." "I've been here before but missed the point. Who would've thought a truck stop -looking place with po' boys and fried green tomatoes would serve organic veggies "I love this place! The food is so good. The chicken is so moist and have no bleaching EVERYTHING on the menu is amazing! I have yet to have something I didn't like!  is a great place to go 24/7 when you and the guys are done going to Amsterdam or Charlie's. The food is nothing special (nor the inside) but the atmosphere and the employee's really make this a place to come and be seen."  scope out the MUCH smaller late night menu and have fun. :)" It's simple lady's and Mary's..... if you have been to this Jenny's (thx Brian) at 2am on a Sat night I do not even need to continue. If you haven't....I recommend that you do. Nuff said" [ ] Half-drunk valley girl frantically slapping her boyfriend in the face. Whether it's to get him out of his drunke"  but it just sucked.  There's no reason for crappy service with a place as empty as it was." So Jenny's has a place in our hearts. Not on Valentine's Day. Not on the books for New Year's Eve. But  the service is always atrocious. I'm sure staff is primarily prioritized by demographic  so we had a whiskey and coke at home and headed straight to gay denny's. Ahh... so much more entertaining then the lame-o stilletto wearin FKHv7FkblONv9qqBndJUrg The food is not ""world-class cuisine"" it does not need to be He offered us ONE comped meal.  Bill still came to $15 for one breakfast and drinks.  Yikes.  For this kind of money I will stand in line at Matt's and know that eventually I'll get food worth having!" Jenny's though has actually prepared me many a fine meal with fine service (or fine enough at least). Its a great place."  who was impressively a bilingual white chick! We will definitely be back!"  you know you're not going for the food in particular but for the crowd and maybe some people watching if you're into that sort of thing.  If you're looking for a great place to get some post clubbing eats Genny's is a hoot! I'm def Straight but NOT narrow.  and no one expects much from a Denny's so that's saying a lot. not only did our server jump in our faces to rush our drink order he didn't let us finish it before walking away and not getting what we requested. ignored us until our cold food showed up and it wasn't even what we ordered. he threw extra napkins from someone elses table on ours in a ""don't want to put these where they really go mannor"" and didn't show up again until he dropped our bill which charged me for the food I ordered bit didn't get. maybe he would've been a better server if the apparent drugs he was on weren't a factor They know how to cook eggs!  and always an interesting time on a late Saturday night."  etc. It usually takes well over an hour for all of this. Under normal circumstances I would walk out of a place like that. If the servers were all really friendly it might make up for it but some are nice and some look like they'd rather be anywhere but there. Which is understandable I guess but still. I do agree that it is fun to people watch here." Other reasons that I go? My friends are poor and Denny's open late. Otherwise  and I. I ordered the grits and some other sides. To make a long story short the waitress brought the grits out as i then salt n peppered it. I then took my fork out to fluff my grits over and a wire about 1/2 inch thick and 2 inches long came up from under. I flipped out Had some great breakfast service. Spacious. Good pricing. Clean.  same decent fries etc etc as every other Denny's. If you want a late night hangout this is awesome. If you want culinary uniqueness it's not happening."  as was the remainder of my sundae."  the service prompt and courteous.  The dining area was clean Great experience. We are not in this neighborhood very often but we will certainly come back next time we take our car for service : )"   i  think they  come out of  the bars.     and the  food is not good at all.    the service was  fine Denny's is always been a favorite places  easy cheep and  great service. "They've just finished a major refurbishment.  Looks pretty good.  The food is typical Denny's P.S. I love the new decor"  updated menu.  Enjoyed my tilapia & veggie meal." FKHv7FkblONv9qqBndJUrg I cant tell you how many times ive eaten at Jenny's late at night on various substances and completely enjoyed myself. The service at this particular dennys is exceptionally friendly and the food is way better than ihop  give this one a try.  You will be pleasantly surprised.   Remember I have eaten here many times the staff is great and friendly. The remodeling gives this place the old time at home dinner feeling. Love to meet here for business or just meeting friends. Wish the rest if them were like this one. Can't beat the speed of service any place in town. This location is one of the after bar stops and gets extremely busy after 1 am nightly. It is well worth th wait.  but the service can be dodgy. Tonight it was beyond good and Rachel rocks!!!" Jenny's/ gay dennys/ or just plain 7th st dennys. However you know this place "A centrally located store (a.k.a Jenny's / Gay Denny's). We've been eating here for decades. Nicely remodeled with Starbucks-style colors and treatments Taryn has to be the absolute best server in the history of servers. She always makes me feel like a best friend every time I come here to munch on some good eats. She is always so insightful on what would be best to order if you ever have questions.  It was nice. my Mom and I had great service with Crystal. Food was fresh and prompt."  she owned up to it.  Food was vreat.  Will continue to support this establishment even at 1 am." "I will NOT go back to this Denny's. Me and some friends walk in and get seated last Saturday night. We waited about 10min for a server to approach us. It was late so we wasn't rushing them or anything. It was probably 2:30 to 3:00am. The waiter finally comes over...doesn't say hello. Goes straight into our drink orders. We place our drink orders and once he's done I ask the other 3 in my party if they are ready to place their food orders as well...they said yes. So  and manager was very nice. One of the cleanest Denny's in the valley and I recommend this location." "I've passed by this Denny's about 1000 times.  Went in for breakfast with my wife and son and had a Great experience.  Service was excellent  was very knowledgeable and an excellent server. The GF girl got the fit breakfast with a gluten-free muffin much she enjoyed. I had the grand slam breakfast  so they must be doing well.  I also have had good experiences at the location for my past couple birthdays and therefore may eat there again for my future birthdays!" "Had brunch here ordered in and food was digusting this is my second time eating here last time my son got sick threw up at the restaurant that was a couple of years ago we were in the neighborhood and against all warning we still stopped I ordered the ultimate breakfast skillet which had ordered at my neighborhood dennys and always superb here was very disappointed skillet wasn't even sizzling  and pleasant and attentive.  She got all our orders correct and was fast and efficient.  The restaurant was clean "Not too happy with the service last night. Waitress was kind of mean to me when I asked about the wifi. I actually drove out of my way to go study there as well as have dinner and drink coffee. Once I found out the wifi was down and they weren't going to restart the wifi router or attempt to turn it on We walked in and the first thing we smelled was sewage. We had to get the host attention to be greeted and asked how many were eating me.  We asked to be seated away from the smell and they tried sitting next to the bathrooms after making it clear that we were displeased with it.  than this Denny's location. I haven't been there since moving to Phoenix from Pennsylvania in 1977. Friends had taken me to see ""The Rocky Horror Picture Show"" for the very first time. I expected to be frightened Happy eating ppl of the Yelp world!" They serve Coke products and no Mt Dew. 1/2 point deduction...haha" Oh Bobby D's you're a little hole in the wall but you're one of my favorites and I wouldn't change a thing about you." EUXT1vSFWaiD_BFmFK8rBg ~ $1 vodka soaked gummy bears (an interesting novelty in which I did not indulge)" Lots of HD TVs for all of your sporting needs too!"  I met a women in there stopping before her plane to Chicago ordering them to go because she couldn't get as good in Chicago. (don't know how they would work as a take out but sure are good there.)" Bobby D's is a really great local spot. The prices are so reasonable. During happy hour from 3 to 6 you can eat for under 5 bucks. Drinks are super cheap too. Awesome jukebox. Get the wings hot and grilled and you will be in love. The sliders are another favorite.  their staff has zero customer service and are extremely slow. Don't bother going here to watch football either because you will be inconvenienced. I've been here many times and every single time I've had something to complain about. If you have no standards  which creates kind of a mixed signal. And they must not see a lot of children in there too often. children are like celebrities in there. In summary This is always consistently good.  The only thing I was ever disappointed with was the fried chicken I had a while ago.  The 'burger and the skinny fries are excellent.  My wife and I usually go for their grilled wings and house salad.  I think they currently have the best wings.  You won't find larger wings or better tasting.  Their salmon was only okay.  For the price and the quality of the food this place is hard to beat.  They just need to go hi-def with their satellite service.  and friendly bartenders. Love this place! I've only lived in this neighborhood for about 3 years The place is a bit small but has a nice charm. The staff are friendly and happy to serve. TVs everywhere!!!"  the cook puts mustard in the tartar. Must have been to Kulinary Kollege."  and the grilled cheese and hot dog... man they are good... good fries new remodeled so caught me off guard but great place to catch some football and drink a few beers and grub on some of the best wings in town..."  more often during football season.  We often stop by with the intention of hanging out for an hour or so and usually wind up closing the place down.  The staff is awesome  we should come back more often and we will. Without a doubt."  cheap breakfast. We have been back a bunch of times since then and it's been the same each time. All I can say is Yay!"  and $8 options plus their faithful standbys. I am talking about the Super Bird people the best sandwich for the last 4 decades.  Anyway in this economy sometimes you want to just chill out and talk to your friends and Denny's has always been that and so much more for me. Reunited and it feels so good."  seating both inside and out and the service is great as well. I know Denny's is a chain and most are probably the same to most people...but if your ever near this particular one....give them a try and i promise you won't think it is like the other's. Eat Denny's always available after the club! Cheep food and service! It's what's for breakfast at 230 I'm the morning!! It's Denny's? Good bfast this morning! UYHa5iKUddnZrlxF7taI0Q 9 pm is quiet and the service is great. Food is Denny's good and quick.  I was not able to finish the huge plate full of food. The waitress was exceptionally nice and very efficient. I would come back to this location next time I feel the need for a big breakfast." Food & service is usually really good. Before it was a Denny's. On a busy Sunday there is no place to wait in comfort. The AC sucks & they don't accommodate seating for large families. We waited more them 25min for them to say it will take longer to seat us cause it would be a fire hazard. Sad thing is NONE of us are over weight. They could not accommodate a seating for the baby in a high chair."  it's critical that employees and managers go above and beyond to compensate. That did not happen on this day.  Not even close."  no one even took our order. Only 4 tables in the whole restaurant! We have a baby and a three year old  but the goal of any food service establishment is to make sure customers keep coming back.  She totally failed to fix the situation.  I think it is time to take a break from this place.  The service is not what it used to be two years ago.  I will say that the people working there are very friendly.  Maybe I caught them on a bad night but I won't be back for a while.  Beware the wait time if you dare to eat here!" Food was blah. Nothing special. Kim our waitress brought her kids to work they were seated next to us. They screamed bloodly murder the entire time and every time they did she would go over to them. Your at work not at home. She never came over to check on us or anything more concern about her kids. The hostess service is great. The waitress service is very poor. Had to ask twice for water. we were ignored and mocked. Unless you want to waste time DON'T GO TO THIS DENNYS." It took 44 minutes for our food and the omelet was served with unmelted processed cheese slices. I ordered the Tuscan Super Bird... poorly prepared  I haven't set foot in a Denny's in twenty years.  Now I know why!"  or anything had to ask him for EVERYTHING. then he asked for my visa but the guy never ran it. the food was good actually but the service just isnt gonna fly."  the have recently renovated the place and it is very nice. People hate on Dennys in general but I have never had a bad experience." Service is terrible at this location. We saw several people leave because their food was taking to long. Took forever for a server to take our order and had to wait to check out. Won't come back to this location. First dennys I've seen with a patio. Good costumer service fast.  Typical food you can get at any other one. Breakfast always hits the spot when coming to dennys. The inside is clean but a little clustered with seating close to everyone. The menu they handed me when I walked in felt like it hadn't been cleaned since the place opened. had a horrid odor and I just walked out. if they can't clean their menus how can I expect them to clean the kitchen where they make my food. Food was ok. but the whole place was filthy. Food everywhere when talked to manager the person behind us told the manager how she dirty her table was when she was seated also when she left still was not cleaned. I'm not sure but I at least expect a place to be decent.  This was not at all  make sure that you check that you get those extras while at checkout otherwise you're most likely not going to get them. The weekend staff on Sunday behind the checkout counter makes you think that they hate their lives The staff is real friendly but my eggs are always cold like they got made first and just left there for 10 minutes. "One word.....""DISGUSTING"". The server was clearly not there (in other words out to lunch). You could hear the cooks complaining to servers I love this place!  We have eaten here multiple times and have always had great service whether it's middle of the week or a slammed Saturday morning breakfast. Food is always out fast and hot. Keep in mind it is a Denny's after all and I've been to them all over the country and have to say we love coming back here!  so we dined inside.  Service was good and quick.   Our Grand Slams were just as we ordered." Came for a quick lunch and we were left waiting for about 10 minutes before some one approached  us to be seated. Multiple servers kept passing by and chatting behind the counter and would only say ill be right with you. When we were finally seated our server had such a low voice i could not hear him and had to ask to repeat everything before giving up.... on my order i asked no mushrooms no onions and my food had plenty of mushrooms... and they forgot part of my order.... after getting our food corrected we started eating. Then we waited another 15 minutes after we were done waiting on our bill. When he finally dropped it off we went and paid and the manager made a genuine effort to apologized  1st time ever at a Denny's...i'm ready to go back very soon" Worst service ever I waited for sugar for an hour I asked three different servers to bring the sugar for the coffee with no answer so I just walkout "Our server tonight was amazing very attentive and our food was brought out fast and fresh.  My husband and I both had just gotten off work and normally (no offense) we don't expect much from Denny's but tonight they were amazing.  Only bad thing was the very ignorant person a few tables down from us who kept shouting about how he was a sous chef at a restaurant in Scottsdale.. Kept exclaiming he wanted to talk to the chef after his meal.  slow inattentive staff. Smug manager. Never again!! And sticky dirty high chair that my guest had to wipe down herself! Close this place down!"  not much to expect as is...but I think there is at least a level of servitude you should live up to. Lack of service. Lack of respect. Utterly disgusting. Tables were dirty as fuck. The people didn't look clean. Took 20 minutes to be acknowledged that we were even there at all. Then people were seated and taken orders before us. Why the hell is this even still in business?! Manager looked like damn dunce." "I tried to place a togo order at this location. I say ""tried"" because despite repeated calls over a two hour period tonight Had a yummy grandslam breakfast on my birthday.  Updates look beautiful as does the new menu options.  I miss my crispy Buffalo chicken salad but the chicken avocado salad was yummy.  Wait staff was very pleasant  and we had really great experience once again.  the bacons were burnt so did the English muffins dried and burnt ! The omelette also was not cooked right. They were busy and didn't have enough staff. I don't really like denny's but sometimes I go there but this location was the worst and I would never ever ever go to this location again. Never !!!" 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ  you will find some REAL characters. My favorite is the older couples who don't speak to each other but instead read the newspaper. And the trucker guy who says things like ""Thanks little lady"". Not to be rude PS the biscuits look amazing."  this place  is just my speed and we will be back... A LOT!"  but it wound up being my lunch. Most of the dishes range from $6-$9 and they offer lunch and dinner all day long. This is a great place to bring your family  you don't have to wait too long and the service is very good. The regulars are friendly with our son and the food is awesome! I usually get the machaca and eggs This place is great.  I have only had breakfast but the food is sooo good. It's a really small place so there us usually a wait but it'sworth it. Enjoy. : )  this is a tiny place full of regular customers.  The portions are generous and the price certainly is right.  The waitress wouldn't stop asking my 2 year old what the ""Easter Bunny"" was bringing her.  It got kind of old especially since we don't worship Bunnies at our house.  Seating was tight and we got to sit next to a guy having breakfast with his girlfriend and happy to say that his wife was home sleeping.  I wouldn't say that that the clientele all lived in the trailer park but some do.  If we go again we'll try and get there early before the crowds.  The bacon was especially tasty."  he said he got a few funny looks. THis is a great place for basic breakfast faves. Nothing fancy (you're all sort of crammed in there)  but really comfortable and good food." Wear Cardinals gear during football season and you get free coffee!!!!!" I've had better.  That's really all there is.  The service was nice enough but I just don't really care for this place.  I really felt like I was eating in some po-dunk town with all the strange ""characters"" dining here.  At least it didn't make me sick."  and that's it. One of the waitresses was talking about 2 guys sitting at a table talking for over 3 hours - don't be rude "Ya'll come! Friendly down to earth good fixin's and hot coffee! 2 tv's in case you dine alone  peppers and potatoes. It was huge! It was nummy nu mmy in my tummy. The best part is.......wait for it.........they had my favorite coffee ever! Farmer Brothers! I am not a coffee drinker and don't claim to be but I will drink a pot of that Farmer Brothers it is so good! Warning do not order the sausage gravy I look forward to eating there every once in awhile. I love to support privately-owned neighborhood restaurants."  I have been very disappointed with the quality of their food.  I was there yesterday (with my folks) and ordered 1/2 grilled cheese and a bowl of French Onion soup.  My sandwich was cold That's how good this place was."  but salsa was too watery and made them runny. the toast tasted like white bread but they said it was sourdough. the hash browns were the best part of the meal. it was very cramped and there was no clear path to the door. you sit basically on top of other guests - no real space between tables  and there is a good ""vibe"" to the place.  But without the food to back it up So if you are anything like me and like to bring business to people who really go the extra mile to make a difference in people's lives This place is like a step back in time. When food served in a restaurant tasted like mom would make. I eat here mainly for breakfast and iv'e never had a bad meal. The portions are plentiful and the food is good. I'm not talking fancy just good food for the money. They also have awesome meal deals.  country style breakfasts. Very good value since some of the other nearby breakfast places charge much more for smaller portions. Everything tastes fresh (no frozen potatoes!) and the service is friendly. I just wish it was a little bigger inside the restaurant I really enjoy this place. It is always busy and the food and service are great. It's the small town resturant in the big city. I have even tried their lunches. They made a pretty good burger and buffalo chicken sandwich is great. They have great daily specials as well. Friendly ladies too. Thanks Ladies =)" Very friendly staff and a really good chicken fried steak and eggs. Your coffee cup will never be empty." so I thought I would give it a try.I walked in the joint to give it a try and the looks i got when i walked in where enough to make me want to run out I have never seen more racist freaks crammed into a small place in my life  I can no longer count on my expectations being fulfilled.  I feel so CHEATED!  I would much rather see a fair price increase than have to search for a new favorite spot." 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ "Eggs Benedict were good not great. But the staff was very friendly and attentive. Good american breakfast place. Close quarters for seating "Very at home feeling cafe. The staff is bright and smiley. There are a lot of regulars. The food itself is really good if your looking for mom's cooking. Atmosphere is a ""comfortable active"" feeling. I got the corn beef hash plate. Very good. Must try the home fries. All together a very nice quaint eatery. Will return!"  overall it was a great experience and I had a good time just sitting there eating watching the price is right on their 20-year-old television.  I'll be heading back there for sure." Staff was nice and that is what prevents them from going under the 3 star mark." Tina was a delightful server. She took my dietary restriction into consideration and suggested I have the hash browns with my meatloaf. A good suggestion." Love 40th Street Cafe and can't wait to try it for lunch." Blueberry pancakes were very bland.  No flavor at all.  Excellent service however. Love the staff the eggs and bacon were perfect. This is the type of place I'd recommend to bring a family to eat at. I am giving it a 5 great experience.  and the service was great. It's a great neighborhood joint."  she was very friendly and never let our coffee cups go empty.  We will be back!" Great little small local cafe spot for breakfast!"  home fries.  That's what you need to get!! Great service!  Awesome menu!" I doubt I will be able to get Mr. B back.  Once bit  I felt like an outsider because everyone seemed to know each other and the servers. The second time I went-the servers remembered me and welcomed me back. They even remembered what I drank. Needless to say-this a a friendly local place with simple good food at an affordable price. They must be doing something right because there is always a nice crowd of people but you can still get a table. They top off your drinks the entire meal!!  I enjoy this cafe and frequent it often."  disappointing. The food and service were nothing to write home about. I got the Eggs Benedict. The hollandaise was tasteless and coffee tasted like dirt.  My plate was taken away by Tina without being asked if I was done.  The same server didn't even thank me when she gave me my bill.  I would have had better food and service at Denny's." Great selection of food and good prices. Had never noticed it tucked away in the plaza till a friend of mine mentioned it to me. I was not expecting much from the outside but I am glad I went in. I would surly come back to 40th Street Cafe.  The quaint diner feel was so unique and nice... that would bring me back for sure." I opted not to report this to the health department and decided to post to Yelp instead."  all bacon. PERFECT mix of salty and sweet!" "Good food at reasonable prices. This place is the neighborhood restaurant you may remember from your childhood; a great place to feel at home  my server recommended chicken strips which are hand made from fresh chicken and did look delicious on another customers plate. Decor needs a little tidying up. I love the fact that they're honoring our service men and women but it is a little hodgepodge. Worth a visit if you like good food and places that like their regulars enough to know their names!" Bottom Line... I'd definitely go back & I'd definitely recommend to a friend!" Plenty of food at a good price. I look forward to coming back and trying a different item on the menu."  Kim and Tina are the nicest servers in the west!!! Great atmosphere. Delicious ruben and potato salad. You can't go wrong here for lunch or breakfast"  and pecan pie slice purchased to go didn't make it out the door! :)" What a find!  Thank you Yelp!!  We came here for breakfast a week or so ago for the first time and my oh my.  It was fantastic!  My husband could tell it was good because I actually ate all of my scrambled eggs and I rarely do that.  My husband ordered the chicken fried steak.  They hand bread this here and he said it was phenomenal.  Everything about our breakfast was great from start to finish.  This place is tiny and in a little strip mall next to a dog grooming salon.  We will definitely be back! 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ Our usual place was packed so we checked Yelp and found this place. It's not much to look at really. A definite hole in the wall kinda place. Which are the best!  The staff was super friendly and the food was very good.  We thoroughly enjoyed it and will be back. "This place is awesome.  It's a small restaurant in a strip mall.  They have really good breakfast.  I love their biscuits and gravy.  The prices are really reasonable and have great customer service.  It's funny I have eaten at this place 3 times now Definitely worth the visit."  but I suspect they will soon." It is a small place and I was too full to try their homemade pies. I will have to go back next time I'm out here." "One of my favorite places! It is the closest thing to a true diner Arizona and Phoenix has. This place has always been my go to. Great food  but it is just too small and the food is subpar.  With all the other breakfast spots in the area  spoiled/sour but that seems to be the trend  in Arizona.  I would go back for a lunch option but to be honest I would not go out of my way to eat here. It is far from my neighborhood. I only stopped by because I was running an errand nearby." Amazing chicken fried steak. Definitely worth the wait. The gravy and orange juice were really good as well. Even though they were super busy the waitress kept up! "Hidden in a strip mall with all the usual stores you'd find on a busy intersection. All the staff are very friendly and treat you like family. Nothing we've ordered has been extraordinarily great Inexpensive quality and quantity breakfast!!!!!!!! I will definitely come back."  community cafe. Enjoy it for what it is. There are very few left."  reasonable prices and atmosphere. Nuff said." We left happy & full & I'm sure we will be back!!" Homemade pies made by Peggy are yummy to say the least."  but the food was super heavy. Seemed like they had a bunch of regulars. I would say we had an okay experience  i am enjoying the decor American Pride. I feel at home. Service is top notch. The food is amazing."  fast service. They need a bigger place as it does get crowded and noisy." "Quaint little neighborhood place.  I've been for breakfast twice and lunch once.  Their chicken fried steak was not one of my favorites   but some of the potatoes were undercooked.  Service was good. The place was full Don't give it a second thought and try this out once and you'll keep coming back!"  but that makes it more like home. I DO wish they offered fresh fruit...oh  then go elsewhere. This cafe is just that a little cafe with American breakfasts including chicken fried steak and corn beef hash." I have no reason not to give this place five stars. I walked in for the first time and sat at the counter. The regulars were sitting there and struck up a conversation with me. I asked them about the food. They had nothing but good things to say. I had the chicken fried steak or I guess it's country fried steak it was absolutely delicious! There was a lot of food more than enough for me! The eggs were cooked perfectly! This is definitely a place I will return to. Although it is small I absolutely loved the family feel!  the wait for your food even longer.  The waitress spilled coffee on my leg and wouldn't even apologize. The food is average." "This is the friendliest restaurant you'll find in town.  Excellent service and really tasty food. I can't eat gluten and they were willing to substitute fruit for toast. Reasonably priced  huge portions. If you come here just be ready for a different environment. Loved it that on the walls are pictures of veterans. Leave your Scottsdale attitude out the door and just enjoy this different cafe. Enjoy." 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ  not great. It was not quite hot enough. Fries were yummy. Servicer was pleasant.  Looks like a lot of regulars come here as it was always humming." "Just had the #1 breakfast special . It was perfect . The home fries are the bomb ! Tina was my waitress .  She always remember me . And she's efficient   family owned cafe with tasty yummy comfort food that we have enjoyed for years.  Prices are very reasonable for the quality you receive.   Coffee is always hot  etc.  My guest (who'd never been here & to whom I'd highly recommended the 40th St. Cafe) had a similarly mediocre meal.  Maybe an off day for the cook? I still like the diner vibe and the service is just fine  funny and make you feel very welcomed. Highly recommended." The search for our favorite weekday breakfast place continues : )" You may especially like it here if you are from the Midwest. I know my husband loves the 40th Street Caf for that reason. The caf has a pleasant small town feel  and awesome food. My wife and I were looking for a nice homey place in the big city and found it here. The place is always packed though that never deters the wait staff from taking time to check on us  menu carries the usual favorites and then there's a section of customer faves. Small and crowded but you're made to welcome and part of the crowd. Food great- this place is a treat!" The food is delicious and they have the best biscuits and gravy. The eggs are never overcooked and the bacon never undercooked. The community atmosphere is reminiscent of small town diner familiarity. You can't help but feel it as soon as you walk in the door. I'm always running into friends who love this place as much as I do. The waitresses and staff are always friendly and accommodating when I come in with large groups of people. It is definitely  worth the wait on the weekends. 5 stars all the way. Love the food and family atmosphere... They know you by name. I recommend everyone go here.  which is unusual for me to do. My husband ordered the chicken fried steak skillet and it was huge and full of flavor! We would pick this place over the trendy & loud brunch spots any day of the week.  Planning to make this our 'regular' spot."  so if want to dine outside on a beautiful day you'll need a little luck. The staff was very friendly and attentive - my coffee cup was never empty! Food was presented well and tasted great. Everyone at our table enjoyed their meal and agreed this cute little place is a gem. Definitely recommended." 2RxIERKZi5gjLW76MkFotQ  biscuits and gravy!!! All sooooo good and the staff was so friendly. I can't wait to try the pancakes next time." My new #1 breakfast stop. Great hash browns with peppers and onions. The never ending cup of coffee is just that with the great service. We were really made to feel at home. Thanks again!  acknowledged me and she brought the food in no time. I also ordered bacon instead of ham on my sandwich which wasn't in menu and she did it for me. Very satisfied with my visit will be back for sure." "Great shakes and burgers.  The sandwiches are pretty good as well.  Well done chain  but I'm especially addicted to their club sandwich and of course chocolate shakes. A fun blast from the past experience with tasty food and a fun staff."  but it's a fun little diner for what it's worth.  I seriously LOVE their burgers even though they're way too big and I always eat too much and feel sick afterward.  It's awesome to sit and eat outside as well." DfLML2IlhUqztTBURxOAxg One star less than perfect because the closest thing you can get to fresh fruit for breakfast is thawed strawberries on a waffle."  and hot food.  My favorite is their BBQ Burger.   They have good chili too.  Breakfast is the best -- especially their french toast.  The only negative is the lack of large group seating.  This location has booths "I have been going to this place for years. From 16th street to Tatum to 27th avenue. One thing that they all all do the same is the ""Parisian"" omelette. Tasty and fast."  homemade not out of the freezer pre-made. But the thought that I may want to take advantage of my all you can eat fish fry was met with oh we are out of fish; only later for her to bring out three small pieces WTH.  I don't think we will be back here unless we are feenin' for some fabulous fifties decor; not sure our meal was worth $38 including the tip. Oh they still have to balloon guy too; he is really talented." "Dido to my wife's review of this establishment (Shakira E. by the way) the 50's decor was very cool.....and the service was not bad although it did take a minute for our server to arrive. The grilled chicken sandwich I had was very good and the coleslaw was very fresh....but the Milkshakes were very disappointing. I think if I have another I will have the malt added for the additional 59cents....that may help. The gentleman there making balloon figures was very talented. I don't think we will be visiting this establishment again anytime soon....but continue to Eat  we enjoyed the food and the customer service! Will visit again!"  and the food was great.  This is being written in past tense because we no longer live in AZ The hamburgers are delicious the service was great the malts are the best  she wanted something that wasn't really on the menu in that combination. The server figured out a way to bring it out at a fair price. The food was just right and the server was perfect." Eat here if you're desperate :)"  i was greeted with :are you the online order?"". I said yes and was pointed to my order which was sitting on the counter. I looked inside and saw my hamburger and fries but only one order of fried pickles. I told the women(dianna) at the register I had 2 orders of fried pickles and was quickly snapped back with ""no you didn't"". I said then can you explain to me how my order comes to $25 with a $6 order of fried pickles and a $8 burger. she(dianna) pulled out the invoice waved it in my face and put it back behind the counter before i could even touch it or look at it. when i said 8 and 6 only make 14 and that a paid for another order she rolled her eyes and told the cooks to make me another order. then i checked my burger( i put very specific instructions that i only wanted bacon  and the King Kong for dinner. They have good sandwiches too." "We spent 10 days in Phoenix and ate out at tons of different restaurants with our 2 little kids.  I only wish that we had found the 5 & Diner on day one!  We had breaksfast here on our last morning.  Price and quality were fantastic "5&Diner has always been a nice to place to eat.  This morning I had the Southwest Eggs Benadict  lunch or dinner. Burgers are good. Omeletts are great! Price is always reasonable and the kids have fun."  always enjoy the food." "Always a good experience here Not a fan of this place."  it seems genuine enough.  I've noticed that several locations have closed in recent years Good little spot for breakfast. I'm pretty limited for what I can eat for breakfast right now because I can't eat eggs or wheat. They had some great options and basically let me custom order exactly what I wanted. It came out just like I ordered and the service was great. Only thing they could improve on is the quality of their coffee. Not a bad breakfast stop off."  We've never had this experiace during breakfast $5 breakfast special before 11am! Sweet!!!!  we noticed that one of their three (3) American flags was hanging upside down. Did that mean they were in distress? A little bit in distress? Two were right side up. Or did someone just put it up wrong and not notice? Or perhaps it was a signal for breakfast and now that it was almost lunch the distress was over. Before my companion could go in and let them know 5 and diner is not what it use to be. There place is becoming run down and getting dirtier an dirtier. The shakes use to be amazing but I'm guessing they changed ice creams or put more milk in to save costs because they are not what they use to be. I'm pretty sure we'll be back." The worst service I have ever had and we were the only people in there! Chicken was burnt and had to scream at the waitress to ask her to fix it!!!! Could not pay me to go back!!!! Their chicken fried steak and gravy is really good too. Can't wait to go back "Hmmmm.. Nothings changed. Without milkshakes this place is no good. Too pricey for a diner. Thought the Turkey burger may be a good choice & it shows up with no cheese :( By the time I got that fixed Pretty good out of town family always seems to like coming here. They have really good chorizo and good service for a diner. Food is typical diner type of fare kind. One Hispanic waitress is really good.  breakfast served all day.  Kristin was our waitress and was wonderful.  We even sat next to a table with two teen girls and their mom and the girls asked ""what is chicken fried steak""?  I overheard and suggested turning in their mom to child protective services cause that's criminal.  We'll see if they order it." ***Update: I now bump them down to 4 stars as one weekend we experienced horrible service with guests in town. We had to remind the ""new waitress"" to bring us water at the least after about 10-15 minutes. She gave us a half-full pitcher that was likely from a leaving table. This was after reminding her about menus and notifying her after a few minutes that we were there to begin with (we were outside). Additionally  but I really enjoyed it. The kettle chips it was served with were so yummy; they were clearly made in-house and were so crispy and flavorful! The eggs Benedict were also fantastic. Although they could have toasted the English muffins a little more I went right before Thanksgiving.  I had to work on the Holiday so I wanted Turkey mashed potatoes stuffing and cranberry sauce and this place did not disappoint.  I will come again.  the one in Mesa Arizona I had the Mac and cheese and it was the best mac and cheese ever. Great food. Breakfast all day. I highly recommend this place. Versatile menu. Something for everyone.  we go during the week when we get off work and don't feel like cooking! Its like home cooking. I am very disappointed with who ever was cooking tonight ive never complained about their food. The chicken wings were horribly over cooked and so was the burgers the fries and chips were not seasoned at all. I hope they have the other cook working again soon because this makes me not want to come back :( the server was amazing about it. She is getting a good tip and we will come back! She definitely made me change 2 stars to 5!!!!!" Thanks to all at 5 and Diner who made this lovely lunch possible."  but their chicken pot pie was HORRIBLE. It was reheated in a microwave and a thick  curtly telling the front door girl why we were leaving. We got an ""ohhh  and it was inexpensive.  He tasted what my husband and I ordered (the roast beef (him) and a veggie omelette (me).  We left with plenty of leftovers Not even remotely worth the price. Food was expensive and mediocre at best. 3/3 people were unhappy. Waitress was nice but I would never go back and I'm not hard to please. Our server was pleasant but that was not enough to make us go back." "We have been going to 5&Diner since we moved out to Arizona which was about 7-8 years ago. It is typical diner food and they have great milkshakes! A very nice hostess seated us and our ""usual"" waiter took our orders. I recommend this place!!!!:)" This location lost its' lease and is closing today.  Sorry to see it go. Thanks for all the great meals. 3/4/16 Update- this place has closed. The building is gone and will soon be another Starbucks." 