 I want to make a side comment at how ridiculously long this post is... just for a Walmart! Crazy. That's what happens when you get a procrastinating writer on Yelp."  some of them are already dirty so don't buy clothes please. The check out counters are located in some dingy wear house looking room but oh well  unkept Walmart I have ever been in. It felt like I was in a liquidators store - having to dig through piles of stuff. The lighting was dim and very difficult to find what I needed. There were employees walking around but no one was putting things on shelves.  Needless to say I left without getting most of what I needed because I couldn't find it.  The produce department was disgusting - moldy food  but I do expect to be treated with respect. Treating your customers with respect entails making them feel welcome and being efficient."  and I get our prescriptions filled at a very reasonable price." I did enjoy that this Walmart reminded me of the old one we had in a city I used to live in before they upgraded to the Super Walmart. However Guess I'm headed to target! After wasting 2 hours of my day off" In any event like I said if you want cheap stuff and can deal with the tumbleweeds and dust balls blowing across the isle the venomous packs of cockroach rats and non English speaking staff then Big Lots is for you. On another note this is the best place to by cheap disposable holiday goods i.e. Halloween Really? Is sweeping too much to ask? Listen  but now that I know what they have to offer  that seemed reasonably priced. I never thought of Big Lots for patio furniture... So I shop around looking for discounted prices on items I usually buy elsewhere and am always happily surprised at what I find. Yup- I'll be back." "Big Lots is a Big Lots is a Big Lots.  Not sure why everyone was so disgusted by it  when you go here you end up buying things that you don't even want/need because you are certain that everything you buy is a deal." "I truly appreciate what this store has to offer customers. The staff is friendly and helpful and the store carries almost every item you could think of without looking ridiculous. The prices on most items are insanely low "It works.  I found some picture frames at a cheap price.  Yes they were dusty Terible costumer service from the manager! I found a set of pots and pans that clearly said it was on sale but the guy was a total jerk and refused to give me the discount.  but I'm able to get what I need with ease."  same as any other Big Lots.  They all seem pretty consistent.  Bit of a ""desperation & despair"" feeling in there from the employees and clientele Cheap.. Hit or miss but cmon.. It's that kind of store . Always have the dog bagels that my pup has to have.. People are friendly.. I have never been to this location before. I used to go to the 1 on 67th ave & Cactus because it was in the same complex as my hubby's office & I would have to pick him up sometimes. I went there so much I would buy shit I didn't need so I stopped that habbit & haven't been to 1 for like 3 years or so. Well this trip was not a cheap 1 like I had hoped. We saw tons of cool lights & decorations for the house & ended up spending $130 all on Christmas stuff! I don't think I would have come here just to shop randomly though  but this one was a pleasant surprise.  I will drive out of my way to go to this store.  I hope they keep it nice.  I never know when I may need some fabuloso or some other random stuff." "Prices here are crazy high for being a big lots. I'll give them that the store inside looks nice and they have many things to choose from compare to other big lots  now that's what i'm talking about. I've been to the stores in Tempe and Scottsdale. I prefer the Scottsdale location because it seems to have more variety  and tacky decor galore. Plus one time my roommate bought a whole box of beer shampoo. Sadly there was no matching beer conditioner. We also used to do something called Adventure Snacking where we'd go to Big Lots or the local dollar store and buy the weirdest edible things we could find. We're still alive  but not a bad stop off if you are in the area already!" 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH" Love this Big Lot store. Have been to many others and this one is staffed with friendly people and have a great selection. Good job guys! Been shopping here for years. Weird they switched location space. It's good still. Excellent service and some workers have been there for years. Thanks for the service. Stocking was great. Not rushed towards end of working hours. Thanks. 000 and more. Don't let these furniture places try and tell you how great their stuff is and why they are justified charging three times as much. If you pay attention to what you're buying Been shopping here for years. Weird they switched location space. It's good still. Excellent device and some riders have been there for years. Thanks for the service. Stocking was great. Not rushed towards end of working hours. Thanks.  Big Lots is like a sport.  The competition is how good a deal you can get.  If you're willing to take a sticky bottle They carried out the furniture and loaded it up and to top it all off we had a 20% off coupon for the whole order so cheap became damn cheap... sweet!"  and the have a furniture section to boot. Sign up for their email list and get the inside scoop on special deals and promotions." Give it a try! You may be surprised and your wallet will sure thank you!" Great customer service.  Great location." "I was really surprised at how much good stuff they had at Christmas. I was looking for gigantic bows and I found them there and more! The gal that stocks the place really takes pride to make sure everything is where it should be and knows it like the back of her hand. You ask "I love Big Lots! They have some great deals on food. We have a toddler and we get fruit pouches for a fraction of the cost here. Most of the products are not the best quality  did I mention that the stuff is cheap? There really shouldn't be any reason to lower the stars for a Big Lots being a Big Lots. I hate a lot of things  and it is in dire need of a remodel but you can tell they try. The staff is pleasant and the selection is good."  but the employees are very helpful and typically have great attitudes. There is always too much conditioner and too little shampoo 