They freshly squeeze the oranges and grapefruits in front of you for your Screwdrivers and Greyhounds so you don't have to worry about nasty impurities from the fruit juice ruining your cocktail.  Why make your liver work harder than it already has to." "My personal favorite Pittsburgh bar. Notorious for fresh juice and strong drinks. For the first few years I lived in pgh this was our standard last stop before heading home. Not once did I remember leaving the bar. Things have slowed down a bit since then  wait for it........ a mrs. packman machine."  this is your neighborhood bar.  If you need to meet someone for a drink and just talk it out - this is the place.  A good friend of mine always points out the ugly carpet.  Yep  and bar seating. One time I came with a group of people (~12) and the regulars looked quite disgruntled to have their seats and environment overrun by social beings. Generally it's just one person behind the bar and if multiple people finish their drink at the same time  and listen to buckets of rain by dylan and your night is complete"  smoky and dark.  That pretty much sums up this little bar."  a lounge (in the very best sense of the word) masquerading (appropriately enough) as a bar.  I wish I could turn down a heretofore unseen alley - or walk through a wardrobe - in Chicago and find myself sitting at the bar." I lived across the street from Mardi Gras for a year.  It was a pleasure I can't begin to describe. "Weird mix of local drunks and school crowd. Drink specials were nice. Had a pint of Brooklyn stout that was only $2.50. Pretty good deal compared to the Miller Light only type specials in other local bars. No tabs or credit cards They don't serve food here either so plan on getting messed up if you don't eat anything before you go. The bar is very dark but a lot of my friends love this place and whenever alumni came back TIPebazlAGJsp8zAwhNkcw  and may even do magic tricks for you."  giving you a window in the mind of the owners' vision for the gruff no-nonsense watering hole they have created right off of Pittsburgh's most fashionable shopping area. Drinks are poured very generously  but thoroughly enjoy every time I do. I came here alone to watch the superbowl earlier this year If you want a place to listen to some good music TIPebazlAGJsp8zAwhNkcw P.S. - It was cash only last time I checked."  if that weird looking guy next to you won't. It's a great escape from the bro-scene that is most of Walnut St. and they have booths which themselves would be enough to make me love this place. I've had many sloppy nights here and made many stranger friends. Order a greyhound and watch the bartender squeeze fresh juice into your drink and kick it with strangers at the bar."  and you can't go wrong if you're in the mood for a strong drink."  this place is full of smoke.  It's likely the least sexy bar in all of pgh but its one of my favorites." One of my friends that I was with knew the bartender there and helped us with different recommendations. Drinks are defiantly on the strong side which is ok with me. We grabbed a booth off to the side and enjoyed the rest of the night. I loved the dark 60's music atmosphere there  you can even smoke cigars here. Total throwback This is without a doubt the best alcoholic's bar in Shadyside. Smoking permitted. Extremely strong cocktails. The downside is that its a bit pricey but you are compensated well in alcohol. The bartenders are good people. Downsides: poorly lit - on weekends it can get a bit packed - so packed that you have to stand and in such a small space that's a bit uncomfortable. "Wondered into this place looking for some mixed drinks.  The bartender told us they were known for they fruity drinks  but you're better off bringing money so you don't have to deal with the surcharge."  available to order is a vodka drink made with fresh squeezed fruit." You must try this place"  dark ominous ambiance and lively patrons. According to Le Mardi Gras' website they've also hosted a variety of celebrities including Rocky Marciano I think I had an atypical experience. I would return under the condition that there was a special event occurring." "I moved to California ~2 years ago and miss Mardi Gras more than anything else. Richie and crew provided a home for all "Super super strong drinks. Very smoky and small On the weekends it gets crowded...and smokey. Smoke doesn't generally bother me I just can't do more than three stars. I have a feeling I'll be back here in the future though (my friend loves it)  talking to Brose and listening to good blues on the jukebox. I can't say enough about how great the Mardi Gras is." "Slightly pricier than other bars in the area but you get what you pay for. Any time I get a mixed drink it's 98% alcohol and 2% mixer. I don't think I've ever had more than 2 drinks here because that's really all you need. Great music selection in an old school juke box. The only downside for us nonsmokers is that it is a poorly ventilated smoking bar I know I've been here a few times and yet I have no memory of the experience.  That says it all.  wasn't crowded at all. Bartender was super attentive from the moment we walked in. My girlfriend ordered a Manhattan and I got an Old Fashioned. Both were poured with a heavy hand I hate the smoke - you can smell it in your clothes and hair the next day and it's just gross. Just a heads up in case you're new to Pittsburgh and its insanely lax smoking laws." See you there on a Sunday at last call."  perhaps - where only those in the know appreciate it for what it is.  I definitely recommend you stop by next time you're in the area "Bartender needs to tighten up his false sense of righteousness. Otherwise The only downside to this place is that it is pretty smoky if you are a non-smoker. Otherwise ..we need to head back though." TIPebazlAGJsp8zAwhNkcw "Mardi Gras is a fun place. Its definitely got a different vibe from most of the other places in the Walnut Street area. The drinks are reasonably priced and the bar service is good. It is definitely the most ""dive-y"" place in the neighborhood  but adds some of the best live funk and soul music to be found in the midwest.  Also check out Wednesday nights for the open jam session they have weekly.   Best beer on tap? Moose Drool hands down." Unpretentious Wisconsin-y hangout with good live music.  there are plenty of white-washed established to frequent for the faint of heart. As for the crap tap beer-order a bottle. I for one am thankful that shit-holes like this exist." It's not that bad of a place if you go in at the right time (8 PM).  But be careful you will get hit with a Sublime cover band.  Food is regular bar food and nothing special.  Drinks are cheap and the bar is long there are plenty of places to sit.  There is a pool table and video poker (All Fruit Bonus).  Very Sconnie however a little seedy for the faint of heart.  it is a cool place to check out next door for a drink."  but the free live music is what pulls me in! Drinks are reasonably priced too." "Karaoke on Tuesday night is so fun! i love this unpretentious -4PHmmCt_RmAfaE3sDKW_g  drop your high expectations at the door and you'll be fine. Met some old friends here the other night for karaoke and a birthday celebration for one of us; I hadn't realized they even did karaoke there. The clientele that evening ranged from decidedly shady to incredibly adorable  entertaining and Wanda the bar tender is the best one there (she works Monday Wednesday and Fridays  although I'm told they have an ATM inside (although I didn't see it or go hunting for it the economy has hit this place a little rough..so if you see this review. check out the place. bars like this cannot go under. they need our support. go in and say ""hi"" to Frank. he's cool as hell. Sarah still cute as ever. Save Hannys!!!"  you can order from a plethora of restaurants that deliver here. And Hanratty's will even provide the silverware!"  real darts (the kind that you can kill someone with)" "It is easy to be a regular here if you show up twice. Hanratty's is the picture perfect neighborhood dive bar.  You can usually pick what ever you want to hear from the Online Jukebox.  The bar staff are personable.  It is too bad the owner doesn't put much effort in marketing or keeping up the place.  It is usually dead on most nights.  So if you are looking for a relaxed place to have a drink with some locals super strong drinks. super cheap. super random crowd  I have been hard pressed to find a quintessential ""Cheers like"" bar  and met the fairly new owner as well. I wish I had more time to spend in here in order to get the full experience. There will be a next time  there's a fine line between strong and just disproportionate. If you're mixing drinks  but I didn't notice one...maybe I accepted one too many free bud lights from the bartender?  Either way - a quality place with great service and really cheap drinks right in my 'hood that is worth visiting again.  Oh yeah  that's a compliment." "I have been wanting to come here for years! Unfortunately I picked a Saturday night around 9pm and the place was pretty much deserted. The servers were friendly though Cool place to check out some football on a weekend - good beer on draft and friendly service! "Everything you expect it to be! A great hangout kinda joint. Great jukebox plus pool tables and darts. Hanratty's has a really laid-back atmosphere & is a great place to start your evening. The happy hour specials feature a nice variety (usually a coupla liquors and shots)  available pool tables and ample seating (it was dead from 9 to 1130p on a Saturday). Minuses- lonely and uninspired inside."  and I hear they have steel tip darts. How can you go wrong there? I'll have to make a few return runs up here  but it was a Monday so I didn't really expect a big party. It was nice to be able to play pool without having to wait or worry about bumping people with your cue stick  this is the place. There is nothing hoity toity about this place. I sponsored an event here last week with my co-workers  i think maybe like five others who were in our age group(20's) were in attendance.  Mostly locals probably  there's the gay Denny's across the street. Best people watching ever."  darts and other games. The bartenders are usually friendly and the clientele seem nice enough. I've been here a few times and I've never had a great time but never had a bad time either. I don't see myself ever being a regular here but there are worse places to go....like Wineburger." "I love Hanratty's -- it strikes a balance between dive bar and neighborhood watering hole. Nothing fancy  is the food. I have only tried one thing and that is the mozzarela sticks so do not try them." Ac3PRDUZyzn4kHImdzt0Zg "Great dive/down home option for midtown-downtown Phoenix area. Sat on the outside pation drinking cheap beer to watch the cars Sitting at the bar as we speak. I always tell people how much I miss all the dive bars San Diego has to offer. Problem solved at HB Hanratty's. A dive bar after my own heart. Thanks HB! "If you're looking for a small town bar in Phoenix this is the place!  The owner Steve as well as the bartenders are very friendly and accommodating.  Where else can you find great service and $.50 pool tables in Phoenix.  Plus  so can't really vouch for that." On the other hand I can't think of one ""hook"" that would get me to return there. With all the options in a city this side there has to be something that separates a place from another. I just never found that ""something"" here."  and there are several TVs and plenty of adult video games. It's also a great place to just sit and have drinks I would have given this place 4 stars if the bartender hadn't of almost shorted me five bucks. :/ She even had the nerve to doubt me as I showed her the change she had just given me. Lame."  yeah one more thing to say - the men's room has the most genuine and foul urine smell my nostrils have been abused by since I made a bad decision at the Coachella festival that one time." "If you are looking for a good dive bar this is the place. Dave says it has a ""family atmosphere"". Ryan says we saw marshawn lynch."  Terri and Mikey are the best bartenders around and they drinks are strong. Parking on the weekend can be tough  and had $883 taken from my account today. I wonder if there's a connection."  once upon a time I would have given it 5 stars. Nice for pool if you are out with friends and don't want any competition. I just want my dive bars to have some life. Average drink prices these days Needless to say I will be back and I'm not sure why it took me 12 years to get there." This place would fit nicely on n.  high street"  the bartender was very nice and did a great job with how fast she was able to get us our drinks. They have pool tables and some other games so you can pass time while hanging out with friends. TV's are playing the sport games going on. Only downside is the music playing in the background is really quiet." Good music and pinball too! Laid back spot for sure!"  it was surprisingly busy! Good looking crowd too. There were two bartenders both of which were attentive and friendly. Really enjoyed the billiards and watching the Rousey fight. However  which when you're deep in that jukebox game is always appreciated! They have three pool tables and two real dart boards and you usually don't have to wait to get either. Good The bearded bartender stole my money when I knew what I'm paying for.  He's an asshole liar.  Won't admit to anything.  Won't go back there . Great beer specials and the bartender was easy to get along with and comical. Def check it out for a small town feel in the big city."  as it has become the unofficial reunion bar for Phoenix natives that have since migrated to other parts of the country and world. The rest of the year it is easy to find seats at the bar or one of the tables So the role reversal always sends me for a loop  you'll notice that my second home is the crappiest dive I can find. Pomeroy's is no exception. I started coming here because my friends live within walking distance and is where they like to go. To be fair The only downside is that the place smells like farts. It's not overwhelming Not horrible but I doubt I'll be back."  they have this crazy satellite juke box which allows my grumpy Brit friends who are in town to pretty much select anything they can possibly think of to play (Blackalicious anyone...?) Plus Someone at my table just referred to a whole other table as ""plan b."" Nice." I really wish Yelp had half stars because for a dive bar  because no amount of salty bar patrons will stand between me and my $2.75 Amber Bocks Love is a battlefield. Hell is for children. Don't stop believin'." I hate this place.  When can we go back? I am not exactly hot and I get great service - tableside even!  I think it helps if you are nice...so be nice to the people who work there  the other name for a kitty kat ... it's quite tasty" I guess that's the dilemma: When I think of going to Pomeroy's I am as excited about the 15 beers on tap and cheap cocktails as I am about the food! I've thought about going to Pomeroy's for lunch on a weekday - without even the intention of sneaking a brew in the middle of the work day! How about we call it a dive restaurant... compromise?"  or at least have no reason to hate it.  I have a hard time refraining from hating things I started out hating.  Good thing I don't hate too many things."  it's a divebar. But had a great time! And the service was great- thanks Charlie!"  but it just adds to the overall atmosphere."  another awesome win is that Pomeroy's is right down the street from my fave 'bertos. But hey  it's not. Don't you dare let my review that includes a 1/2 assed bar fight dissuade you from coming here. I'm still planning on coming back here  I just might shove my glass down your throat to shut your ignorant rude tasteless heifer ass up. Ps. those guys you were hanging all over weren't even interested in you either. They were just too drunk to care. One of these days that nasty look you throw people for no reason will result in a heap of shit coming your way _GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q "Great neighborhood place that's been there forever! The staff is friendly and attentive and they pour a decent drink. The food is standard (can't go wrong with a grilled cheese though). Pool tables  usually a bar stool.  Dougie makes a badass chicken Philly cheesesteak with jalapenos." Only thing I don't like is that you have to go to the bar to order your food and drinks.  I waited at my table for 10 minutes before I finally decided to call in my order.  From my booth." Pomeroy's should definitely be on your rotation of places to be in Phoenix." _GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q WOOOHOOO you guys get five stars!!! AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My gay neighbor took me here for afternoon cocktails on a Sat. This place sucks! The bartender was unfriendly and the bloody mary had no alcohol. Wont return again. It also smells like cigarette smoke from before they banned smoking in the bars. Gross! better dive bars to be had A good casual place to just hang out - Pomeroy's holds a special place in my heart and always delivers a good time.  Sometimes a headache too We drank and ate and were merry. It was a good time. I've passed by the place in the day and it looks completely different then how it did that night."  not Pomeroy's.  They hand you two picture perfect ice frosted mugs filled with your favorite brew and you realize this place isn't for amateurs." They have that old golf arcade game too." Extremely high prices with a staff that seem to be angry because you are there bothering them. Nice bar with a shitty owner and run by shitty relatives of the shitty owner i.e. day shift.  when I ask for water don't tell me ""we only have bottled water"" and charge me $2. Not true and not cool." I got food poisoning from a bacon burger. I thought the meet tasted bad but by then I had already ate half. Puked my guts all night and runs the next day. I informed them and all I got was sorry. _GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q "If you are ""drunk and annoying"" do not come here! I was told this by the bartender while trying to order some food and a drink. Un-professional. Go across the street to the yard! They are friendly and willing to accommodate all." "Pomeroy's needs an update badly (booths and bar seats are falling apart and for god sakes stop writing on the bathroom stalls what are we 12). Other than the decor  our tab was $93.00!!!!! Even if we were drinking top shelf our tab would have not reached that ridiculous amount. After making a comment about the tab This place is not a local dive bar. The employees do not care about anyone who lives in the neighborhood. They only care about money. Wish I never tipped Nadia who particularly doesn't do anything for her money. The Sizzle Inn is a much better dive bar in the area. Wish the management worked here because the propriety has potential!  the place looked like a cool place to hang out but we won't be back. Unless there is another and nicer bartender on duty."  good bad-for-you food and great service from the guy bartender. The only things we weren't  by thrilled were the female bartender (tight blonde curls and SUPER rude to everyone in our party) & the ranch was pure buttermilk with no flavor. Regardless  Drew likes to know how ""hot"" you like them.  Friends had the chicken with salad and the pastrami Reuben - and they loved it.  Its a nice little neighborhood bar with some good food." Again..... Ask for Drew!!!!!!"  but definitely a cool little spot to kick it."  like you have flies...there was a fly in my pint of blue moon...gross!"  friendly and caring. Good tunes. All kinds of games and great people to boot!"  so was disappointed when I suggested it to my boyfriend and came here for a second time. I ordered an IPA and could tell the lines had not been cleaned in a while (I'm also a bartender). They were cool about me getting a bottled beer instead  and the house favorite sandwiches have received awards and are available through the night till 11pm. Did I mention they pour some of the coldest beer in the desert? Yes  first and last time going there. Would give negative stars if I could. My friends and family spoke so highly of this bar and it's been around forever so I figured it would be great. A big group of friends took me there for my 21st birthday at midnight. The second the clock turned midnight I took out my ID and ordered a drink. The bartender was the biggest cunt of a woman I have ever met in my life. She was questioning my ID and thinking it was a fake and being a bitch about what time it was. Like she didn't know that when its midnight Both times we went there the same bartenders were working. A tattooed chick with black hair and a guy. Both were friendly and attentive  and a pretty large seating area. Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that the bartenders were downright rude to my friends and I one night a few years ago. The dozens of other times we've been there service has been great; it is never too empty or too crowded. Make sure to try the patty melt or grilled cheese. Definitely a local PHX crowd." 