I hired Jaburg & Wilks from a recommendation through my banker.  I was going to short sale my home (which closed 11/13/10) and I did not want to lose any of my assets in the process or be liable for anything down the road.  I met with David Allen and he spend an hour with me and asked me questions about my situation and it felt good having an attorney tell me that things will be OK (from someone that actually knows).  This firm does all the foreclosures for Wells Fargo so they represent banks all the time.  I cant think of anyone that would know about what I am risking more than the guys that would sue me for sticking it to them.  The consultation cost me $300 and I feel it was worth every penny.  Not everyone situation is the same so if you need piece of mind I highly recommend getting a consultation with them.  There are about 30 attorney's at this location in Central Phoenix and they take the entire 21st floor of one of our downtown buildings. I have had the pleasure of using this law firm now for 6 years Maria Speth has been an exceptional lawyer handle multiple cases for us and I would highly recommend their services especially Maria to anybody that asks and needs a quality law firm... "I have had the opportunity to use Jaburg and Wilk - the work was done on time and to  specification Matt Anderson at Jaburg Wilk has always been fantastic to work with. He has performed corporate litigation defense work for my company for 5 years now and has been a tremendous asset to the team and an excellent advocate. I highly recommend him personally and the Jaburg Wilk firm. their profession. I am living proof HIred MItch Reishman to handle my divorce at the recommendation of a friend.  My friend told me Mitch is like a surgeon and cuts through the garbage to build his case.  The only surgery done by Mitch Reishman was on my wallet that was made over a hundred thousand dollars lighter..  I paid through the nose for his services and received subpar performance results in my trial  The is proof that you can pay a lot and still not get the desired results.  I still shake my head at the hours billed and wondered how such abysmal results could come about with such high billable hours.  Mitch gets Top Lawyer status but not sure why.  He failed to win very basic things in my case and I was taken to the cleaners by my ex's attorney.  I'd look elsewhere.   I was not provided the level of expertise I expected and I am not a happy fan.  Buyer beware. My husband had used them for family situations and they are an excellent firm. Very established in downtown Phoenix and wonderful people who work there. Helped resolve many issues and recommendations for this firm is very high.  and shame on Mr. Blais for validating his clients illegal actions by exuberantly harassing in an attempt to strong-arm two upstanding citizens with threats  were absolutely a pleasure to work with. They handled my situation quickly and provided me with so much stress relief. I now have a lifelong loyalty to them and am so grateful to have worked with them. Thank you so much David and Kim. I can't thank you enough for being so amazing "From the time we walked into the door the staff was friendly and considerate.  After checking in we were offered water or soda and shown the location of the bathroom.   The lawyers we meet with were very professional  understand and are very knowledgeable and up to date with the legal system or trust matters.  I use them for all my legal needs  his staff is nice and are waiting for give you bottled water or coffee.  I had certain expectations on how Mr. Brown conducts himself in court vX9CfSkN-L94l9ToLskgAA "Stereotypical unethical lawyer who took advantage an old lady and her inheritance. Untrustworthy 