 not doctors.  Was then told that they don't have any opening so it was Bethel Park or nothing.  Can't say much for an office that is managed this way.  The lack of empathy was even more disturbing." The doctors were knowledgeable but the staff at the call center was rude and not accommodating. It was also not convenient to get an appointment. I waited an hour and a half to be seen when I was the only patient in the office. The drug reps came with food so I guess patients don't matter. "Someone named Teresa erroneously gave this practice my cell phone number.  The staff from this practice repeatedly called my cell phone over the course is a week to ask for this person "There is something about sitting across from Dr. Rectenwald that makes you feel as if you went back in time - to a time when doctors spent time REALLY listening to your problem "He's the best Doc I have ever visited. Very experienced I have terrible foot pain and can barely walk. I was told to come in 5 weeks.  In the past I have seen this doctor for minor foot problems. Very disappointed that I can not be seen sooner. Would only recommend this doctor for toenail trims or  minor problems. Do not believe he cares about his patients. Dissatisfied patient It is a shame after so many years to have to start over with a new doctor due to the office staff alone-      future clientele beware"  addresses all my needs and makes sure my medications are up to date. If there appears to be anything questionable or suspicious then she will send me to the appropriate place for further testing. So far I've been pleased with the services they offer as well as being convenient to home."  before I had a magnified prescription that made everything BIGGER. My poor little blind self I have an astingamstism in both eyes. Two years ago I got good lens with nice frames but in 2012  I got shit lens with an okay frame.  I don't plan on returning to America's Best  We were so disgusted with our experience here. We called the corporate office (something I never do) afterward and told them that when are contacts arrive we will not go back to this location. The people at the corporate office were actually really nice and had them shipped to the North Hills location instead. When we went to pick out our contacts at North Hills the staff was very pleasant  Ohio for my glasses needs. But I've moved to Pittsburgh and needed some place economical . I booked my appt online the night before but showed up late.... I didn't know there was a marathon going on . I just wanted to get an exam so I could buy glasses online . The staff was nice and rescheduled me for the next slot. Everyone was nice including the doctor .  Although I didn't initially want glasses 2 pair for 100 bucks and a free eye exam is a great deal. Especially considering I usually spend 300 on glasses after insurance is said and done. My only complaint is the selection wasn't amazing but what so you expect for such cheap prices." From the previous reviews that I read I know exactly who people are talking about.  I rarely give a one or two stars. The customer service here is horrible.  I feel like everything I say is wrong.  I felt rushed when selecting my frames.  They changed me $10 more than what the price was marked on the frame.  When I pointed that out I got an attitude.  even for a defective product. I got a set of eyeglasses here which have reflections all across the field of vision. They're barely usable due to this. If I sit near a bright window  grabbed his foreceps and was done with it before I had a chance to throw up. I also go to AB for the aforementioned glasses and have always been welcomed with a huge smile by one of their friendly staff members as well as a quick and efficient appointment.  I can't say enough about this staff or this doctor.  Don't let the big chain name fool you - America's Best provides good service at a great price."  being an international student. I am writing this comment to save other people." "I will never purchase anything from this office again! I had to call my insurance to file a grievance against this provider. I went to this office on the 27th of january with my prescription to pick out a pair of frames. I gave them all the necessary information. They told me it would take 7-10 business days for them to arrive. I later called and spoke with the optician and asked whether they could be mailed to my address in NY. It is the 24th of February and I still don't have my glasses!! They kept telling me that they sent to the NY address when I know that they didn't. These people are very unprofessional and rude. They reordered the glasses for me because I have warranty on the lenses. They called me when it arrived in the office  impatient and a poor listener. He then try's to push his optomtetrist . His staff is embarrassed." After this current surgery I'm finding another gynecological oncologist." zRIG4znrwIOp8mG4ZxtVMQ  but for a mandatory yearly ritual it was quite enjoyable.  Dr. Karner was very attentive and really listened to my input and opinions about my treatment.  So since I have to spend 1-2 hour of my life every year getting pointlessly getting checked out  honest and kind. I feel that she respects me and I cannot say that about the two guys I saw  I have been very happy with Dr. Karner and my Mother is as well  before examining me. One time I had a serious health problem and she helped get me into CMC quickly for some tests Dr. Wanda Robinson is one of my favorite people in the world:-) Never had a doctor that genuinely cares for her patients and is not afraid show it. I know she gets sick of me(proclaiming to be a dr in my own mind) self diagnosing myself by way of the internet.......please forgive me:-) The office is conveniently located uptown in the BB&T center and I've never had a problem getting in for a last minute appointment or if there is an emergency.  Dr. Robinson has No appointments available for sometimes 6-8 weeks.  The staff encourages me to go to her Nurse Practitioner or another available doctor.  I say no I want to see my doctor.  I guess when you get your quota of patients you are assigned a Nurse Practitioner.  I don't know?  You build up a familiarity  with your doctor and a history of all of your tests  from the lady at the front desk (Rita) to Anna in phlebotomy.  Nurse Mira was pleasant and kind as well.  Dr. Pierce seemed very organized with her examination.  She exuded a genuine concern for my well being and health.  Plus  yet they split-coded it as a separate visit discussion than my annual.  $150.  I thought the purpose of my annual was to talk about stuff like that.  This practice and the associated hospital are there to make a $.  No customer service.  When I went in to discuss  doctor was great and the support staff was equally impressive.  I'll be back for sure." The doctor prescribed me medication that I am allergic to. It was in my chart and I told her about my allergy in person. I ended up in the emergency room. The practice manager does not seem to care about the issue and their whole staff is awful. The Uptown office provides free parking in the deck beneath the building so I have continued to be seen at this location although I no longer work in the area.  MMG has offices throughout the area so once you decide on a location  a fan of this practice!  Would recommend it!"  not my usual doctor that I have always seen and who is my primary care provider. I made sure after my first appointment with my doctor that I would always be scheduled with her and put that in my paperwork  so I'd always see her. Again Stepped off a curb and twisted my ankle. Woke up the next morning and it looked like a ballon. Made an appt to see my doctor. Went on the visit and nothing was done.(in regards to x-ray or examining the ankle) I was told to ice and take aleve. Called back in 2 weeks because I was still in pain and had swelling. I was advised it may take another week or 2 keep icing and taking aleve. I went with my gut and went to a podiatrist and found out I have torn ligaments in my ankle. They are lazy ass hell! Don't waste your money or time. Find another place where the doctors care. I hate to say that I have almost no ability to get an appointment with my doctor at MMG uptown Dr. Wanda Robinson. I don't know what is happening to medicine patients appointments etc. all I know is I can almost always call when I'm in need and not be able to see my Dr.  Robinson of over 20 years. It makes me very unhappy. So at this time I cannot  any longer recommend any doctor at MMG uptown because if you get one of them you won't be able to get into see them so you will become frustrated and will be looking for new doctors after you've built a long history with your doctor. This saddens me to say. So now if someone has a very good primary doctor I am in need of One at this time.too.   If you could give me some heads up I sure would appreciate it thank you. "Horrible.  Come here only if you have plenty of time on your hands and nothing you really need attention for.  Also if you enjoy being promised ""we will call you right back"" and never hearing anything from them.  There is a reason this location has such bad reviews.  They have so many appointments from uptown residents they would rather get rid of patients than see them.  My last doctor just disappeared.. No notice of anything.  I had to spend a week just trying to re-explain the little progress we had made.  Apparently the emails I had been sending to my doctor were being redirected to someone else and they never even thought to tell me the doctor had moved on.  The front desk staff is the worst I've ever encountered.  There is only one girl who I've ever talked to there who seemed legitimately friendly on the phone.  Everyone else obviously hates their job and could care less about your medical problems.  Avoid uptown at all costs." Plan to be overbilled and plan to be a counselor to your provider that will spend the majority of your visit you're paying $$$ for to complain about the ACA and the coding reform." Because 0 isn't an option.   to let them know I was going to be running a few minutes late for my appointment due to the severity of the injury of my foot and my inability to walk fast enough to get there in time. I limped all the way inside and said I was there for my appointment but unfortunately Dr. Dare could not see me. Extremely poor customer service. Now I will go wait at the hospital for a couple hours and hope to be seen." My friend has used Dr. Voci in the past for other procedures and was very pleased with the results. I met Dr. Voci before and after the procedure today and I really enjoyed meeting him. It is very apparent that he cares about his patients." Dr. Voci is a caring and competent surgeon. Patient safety is top on his list along with individualized patient care. The facility operates under the highest standards to insure positive outcomes. His staff members are well trained and exhibit expertise and professionalism.  I finally have mustered up the courage and of course saved up the money to attempt to revise this butcher's (Voci) work. It will cost me $13000 to have my revision. My nose looks like it was broken as one side of it is completely pulled up and crooked. It is so important to have this type of surgery done with a board certified surgeon who specializes in surgery of the face. Even then Rhinoplasty is a specialty within the realm of facial plastic surgery. Do your homework. What angers me I have been to Dr. Voci for a breast augmentation and have referred 2 others there for the same procedure and we are all extremely happy with our results!  Dr. Voci is extremely nice and really listens to his patients.  I recently went back to him for some facial filler (17 years later) and he is just as sweet as I remembered.  The entire staff was very accommodating and I will definitely be going back!  not least of all because I don't know actually who I'm speaking with. I'm still not entirely clear on how someone can be so rude to a scared patient  having previously had my charts from another physician sent over to help Dr Stephens understand what exactly is going on with my health... I would expect her to READ them. I was scheduled for a procedure I DIDNT need to have due to her not reading  the other records that I had sent over... and after all that   it's in my records...."" she cut me off acting like she knew exactly what pill I was taking.  Unbelievably angry. Do not go here  there aren't 20 doctors so you always know who you will see and who will deliver your baby!!!" Well after everything I came out a healthy mom to a healthy baby boy "Went today for the first time because of a referral by a friend. The facility is really nice and the personnel we're all extremely nice. Getting a ""physical"" is never a fun experience but doctor Yavorski was super quick and very gentle. She was very nice and asked thorough questions. I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a new OBGYN!!" Kudos to everyone at Rankin Women's Center for standing above the rest!"  left the practice and I never got a notification. If seeking an office that cares (even just a little bit) I had been referred to Dr. Svendsen at Rankins Women's Center several years ago by a friend. I am so happy that I decided to switch to this practice and specifically to Dr. Svendsen. He is the only medical doctor that I have every been to who actually sits down and listens to your concerns and addresses each and every one before you leave.  Although there is often a wait time I'm confident it is because Dr. Svendsen is being as thorough as he can be with each and every patient which everyone deserves. To try to bypass the wait I try to make my appointments in the mornings when I can.  The receptionists and the nurses have always been very nice to me and very helpful and responsive when I have had questions about health insurance and coverage.  I am due March 2015 and very confident that I am receiving the best care possible. Now that my husband has met Dr. Svendsen he agrees that there are not many doctors out there that truly care like he does. I would recommend Dr. Svendsen to anyone looking for a new OBGYN. Very poor customer service in the contact lens department. Rude front desk staff. Will  not go back.  they will take good care of you!" The doctors that work here and the staff joke around with the kids and make them relaxed and try to relieve any anxiety that they might have.  They have a great bed side manner about them." The building is very clean and nice and all of the facilities (at least in Audiology) were new and state-of-the-art." THIS PLACE WAS AWFUL TO ME. I came in to get a scar on my nose fixed and the doctor told me he would take care of it but needed to do another surgery first. He screwed up the major surgery and I had to come in for a second surgery that I had to pay for. My scar ended up being WORSE than before I even came to them for help. They did NOTHING to correct this. Terrible. Really pleased with my experience here.  My doc is extremely helpful and nice and the staff and nurses are great as well!  the doctor finally saw me and he tells me I have hearing loss. He looks into my aching ear and bluntly tells me I have no infection but rather TMJ which really  was very disappointing.  The appointment was for my Mother who was previously told she could undergo a specific eye surgery and then upon arriving and pre-op review  travel with ease... its a miracle :)" Dr. Hoover is very personable and knowledgable and his staff members are very nice. The wait time is really challenging for a toddler...an hour past appointment time. I know wait time comes with specialists but this was a bit much. I plan on returning for a follow up with my daughter and have high hopes that it was just an off day. Billing sucks. We have been over paying for hearing aids for our daughter.  She got them in 2009 and both our insurance company and myself have paid more than the cost of the hearing aids and I just found out that they filed a collection. Noone at Ceenta can explain  the bill. We looking for a new Dr.  because they didn't think there was anything they could do to help. My frustration is that I waited a week for an appointment that was scheduled with the wrong doctor with a possibly serious medical condition for which I will now have to wait even longer to be seen for. When it comes to something which has already caused me so much anxiety and my desperate need for some answers My appointment was at 9. It's now 10 and I'm still waiting.  :-   everyone around me was here when I got here and are still waiting as well...  I would not return based on the lack or respect for my time.  When I finally got to see the dr at 10:30 she spent all of 4 minutes on me.  because they didn't think there was anything they could do to help. My frustration is that I waited a week for an appointment that was scheduled with the WRONG doctor with a possibly serious medical condition for which I will now have to wait even longer to be seen for. When it comes to something which has already caused me so much anxiety and my desperate need for some answers  and intense stomach pain. Now I am $100 plus down the drain from something that could have been prevented if I was given that simple information or a freaking laxative DAY 1. The nurse at the hospital told me I wasn't the only patient from there that has come to the hospital with the same exact symptoms due to the lack of information to the patient.THEY ARE MONEY HUNGRY!! THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT THE PATIENT.THEY CHARGED ME ANOTHER CO PAY FOR MY CT RESULTS! and another $25 to sign my Disability PAPERWORK. ( When they told me before if I filed it myself I wouldn't have to pay)  ARE YOU SERIOUS?!" Went back to CEENTA and they refused to refund my money. That is stealing!" Waited for 35 mins past appointment time. No respect for patients time. And still waiting. I gave these guys a one because I can't go below. Dr. Lovejoy promise to fix my nose with a septoplasty. My insurance was billed $28000 whereas the common cost of the procedure usually runs up to about six thousand. I am not pleased with the outcome as I continue to have nose bleeds and he keeps saying that it's normal after an entire year of surgery. The guy doesn't know what he is doing. I come here to get my annual eye exam and staff is so wonderful and helpful. I love all the convenient locations that they have. The selection of glasses to choose from is average but I always find a pair that I like. I would recommend making an appointment in a week or two advance because they fill up quickly. "Front receptionist was kind. After filling out new patient forms my son waited only five minutes to be seen by nurse. Nurse was friendly and kind. We waited for less than ten minutes to see doctor. The doctor took time to find out any concerns my son might have about school grades  stay away from this place. If they forgot to document something as simple as an eye exam The patient is not seen as an equal partner. Dr. Wyrick does not understand that she is employed by the parent and believes somehow that the parent must obey her commands. Three of my acquaintances feel the same about this woman. Dr. Hull is great but not great enough to overcome the poor treatment from the business office.  Don't ask for anything out of the ordinary like calling in a mail order script.  They are a well oiled machine and you are truly just a number there. I think she's the greatest MD I've ever had :)"  diagnose or prescribe things to me. I feel that the doctor I've been seeing is more than capable of doing those things. but I also believe that with healthcare providers there should be a certain level of warmth and care that goes along with the medical proficiency. And based upon my visits  friendly staff and techs . Dr. Olulade is da bomb! Nice to have a primary that actually cares about you and makes you feel comfy ."  I feel like I am viewed as a ""necessary evil"" for them to collect their money.  Don't go here - you will regret it." Don't waste your time at this office." siixOX00BhEkUlKg3n06tA "As a first time patient I was able to get a next day appointment. The wait was short siixOX00BhEkUlKg3n06tA  they feel that I should be obligated to pay a $170.00 bill for the doctor not doing anything. My thing is why can't they just admit that it was a misdiagnosis and remove the bill from my account.  But because they chose to make this difficult I have contacted the News station and my attorney." "I've been going to this office for 9 years. Today I saw my 4th doctor at the practice. They have all been amazing. Dr. Hull is fantastic! However  count me out - there's plenty of other places to get healthcare in this town." "Everyone has always been nice to me when i come here.  I have always been in and out very quickly Maybe it was just an off day for them.  I hope so."  but today had a wonderful experience. I called with a bit of a panic and dr.roginsky med assistant called me back after hours and quickly gave me the feedback and the info I needed!!! Thank you!!!"  at least some sort of social skills would be nice instead of a robot.  That bummed  me out for weeks...I wanted to wait until after I  had my  child and make sure  I still felt the same and not hormonal. I  recommend getting a sonogram  else where especially  since you pay for it it should  be a happy  time. Overall I like the doctors  but the office is run so coldly and needs a desperate  revamp and clean of office staff." "I do not go to the blakeny office but I have dr walker over at the monroe office.  I have to say they are absolutely anazing... I could not have found a better dr or nurse like penny if I seached high and low....theu are personable I had my first visit today with Dr. Roginsky and arrived very early to my appointment by mistake (completely my fault) but ended up have to wait a while in the room as well. As soon as Dr. Roginsky came in she apologized for the delay. She is very sweet and made me feel super comfortable as a new patient. I set up a web portal through their online system while I was there and within a few hours after my appointment received a message on the portal from Dr. Roginsky to personally apologize again for the delay. Would definitely recommend Dr. Roginsky to anyone!! I love this practice!" "Can I start by saying I waited a month to see Dr. Mock for my annual exam and when I met her I understood why. Staff is amazing everyone from the front desk to the nurses. I was brought back immediately (another rare thing for most doctors)nurse pre screened me and soon after I met Dr. Mock  too.  Doctor appointments are usually last-minute things for me (because I'm dying or something) and they can always get me in when it's convenient for ME.  I appreciate that and that says a lot about their service." R-ff6qTsHb6HC7wQ2Wl5bg "I'm leaving Charlotte and dreading finding a new doctor because Dr. Larsen has been a fantastic doctor for the past 2 years. Making an appointment is easy Fantasic and very friendly staff! The best in Charlotte hands down! staff is friendly enough..drs are quick and dont really listen or ask any questions... ive changed drs since my last visit and am very happy. i had an appt that i had rescheduled here and they keep sending and will not stop sending a letter asking me to pay for a missed visit when i called to cancel a week before. found a way better dr...little better to drive but at least i feel like im getting the customer service i deserve... His office is 20 minutes from my home and 45 minutes from my work.  I gladly drive there and will continue to do so." "Northwest Family Physicians is the best!  I have been going there for about 10 years or more. Incredible service all around.   Dr. Larsen is my favorite physician ever. He is very personable Amazing staff and doctor.  I've been seeing Dr. Larsen for years and trust his diagnosis.  I was very thankful that I gave this practice a try and will continue to go back!"  asked me if I wanted an additional test for strep (versus just giving me one) and provided me with the appropriate medication. Being new to the area they also gave me a great doctor referral for a general practitioner. I am well on my way to recovery and never had such a great experience (if that is possible) at an urgent care in California or North Carolina. I would not recommend anywhere else "Nurses at the front counter are a little spacey and slow but otherwise this urgent care is just wonderful. I asked the front nurse for some tips on preventing an infection I keep dealing with and she just looked at me blank and said she didn't know. I'm sorry but you're a nurse Awful awful awful!!!!  I have never experienced such RUDE nurses or doctor in my life. I will never go back here again. I'm not sure how they have received positive reviews. "If I could give zero stars I would.  Waited almost a half hour for my number to be called to even be registered  but unfortunately my experience with the nurse means I will not return to that particular urgent care  I asked any and every mommy I came across who their pediatrician was and I consistently heard great things about Arboretum Peds.  I have been very pleased working with them!  They fit us in when our daughter was only two days old for her first appointment and we've never had trouble getting appointments.  Our doctor is knowledgeable "Best Pediatricians in Charlotte.  My children have been going here since we moved to Charlotte 20 years ago. Always wonderful  taking into account the amount of time we still spend in California. We are thrilled to have found such a wonderful practice to take our son to. I wish I could give them 10 stars. It is clear they have my son's best interest in mind. They're all so caring Absolutely over the moon for this practice and so thankful for everything they have done for our son. Happy customers here." Read more: http:  www.drugs.com cdi tussionex-pennkinetic-extended-release-suspension.html"  which is nice for the times when you decide you need to get checked out right away but still want to go somewhere familiar." Takes three times (at least) if you leave a message asking for a call back.  and his bed side manner is superb. I'd never want to trust anyone else with my care." What really upsets me is I was told they charge a normal dr co pay. I now have two bills one for 350 from the first dr. And one for 750 from the second. Same practice same reason double the amount. I don't get it." "We love Dr. Gunter and Dr. Lakin as well as some of the others we've seen. I hate the location though...nurses are always friendly. We moved since my daughter was born 8 years ago  i recomwmd University Pedatrics. The nurses are all ways friendly. We are regualrs for Dr.White and she is fantastic. ALWAYS very helpfull with answers we may have.  Tamara is always really nice when we take our little one in.  The rest of the staff are great as well..with checking and and checking out. Even the after hours staff are extrwmly helpfull. Keep up the AWSOME WORK." Changed practices due to poor care and dysfunctional scheduling. Dr. White was to rough with my child when checking her for a sick appointment. Would not recommend! Don't expect great results no matter how much money you spend.  Kim will only try to talk you in to more treatments and when you get little results there is always an excuse.  There are several places in the Madison area that offer similar services and actually spend time with you versus allocating the smallest amount of time possible in order to make the most money.  It's similar to an assembly line.  I recommend that you shop around.  when I complained I was informed that this was actually my fault for not following their recommended skin care regimen.  6 months later I went to a dermatologist who prescribed triluma.  1 10th the cost  and that's exactly what happened.  The results exceeded my expectations and I'm very happy with it.  The worst of the dark spots are completely gone.  I still have some lighter brown spots So.. As wonderful as the NP and the doctor are.. I want to feel comfortable and excited to walk into an office. And it just doesn't do it for me there." Moral of my review: They have done an excellent job handling a high-matainance *update--I called to see why they hadn't called me back to schedule my ultrasound and they acted like I was dumb--saying that they gave me the order to schedule it somewhere else. They basically lost my order and are going to research my situation and see what happened. I HAVE A LUMP ON MY BREAST and this is how they treat situations like this. I'm very disappointed." I would definitely recommend Dr. Johnstone and her practice to anyone.  It is true sometimes they run behind and you need to wait to be taken back for your appointment a little late.  I am not put off by this as I worked for Social Security for approximately 8 years and I understand what it's like to fall behind when giving your full time and attention to each individual as they deserve.  Also I never imagined my labor experience would be so amazing. For that  but I decided to give her the benefit of the doubt because maybe she was having a bad day. After making my appointment I received a call a few days later that it needed to be rescheduled because the doctor was taking that day off. The lady on the phone was not apologetic about the inconvenience as I had already planned to take the day we had arranged off from work. I had an appointment scheduled at 5:30 pm however due to bad traffic I was running late. I called to let them know and no one answered so I left a message. When I arrived the receptionist at the desk was rude again and told me that because I was  little late the doctor could not see me. I tried to explain that when I called no one answered and she again was rude and unapologetic. I am currently looking for another OBGYN." "Not going to lie...my first trip here I was not impressed. I didn't like the medical assistants because they were not very friendly with you as well as the front desk. But when you get back with Dr.Johnstone you are good (: My first trip was for a new patient consult. My second and more enjoyable experience was for my well woman exam. Dr. Johstone is AMAZING. She makes you feel welcome  she is kind and asks questions about my family just to get to know me. I feel very comfortable going here and I would recommend it to anyone."  she was just taking notes on the Patient info sheet I filled out.  She breezed through a low quality ultrasound and I had to ask her for pics which were blurry and barely even worth printing when I saw them.  She explained that I would be going to a different facility in 2 weeks for the ultrasound and then go back to their office for the check up which I wasn't happy about having to go to multiple places but understood.  When she finished I had to ask her about the results of the UA since I told her I felt like I may have a UTI  ever have I been so appalled. A woman calls and says she has breast pain and isn't sure if she should come in and this is how the front desk responds!! I'm outraged and waiting for someone to call me back from the office. I think Dr. Johnstone has the right to know how the front desk is treating her patients." I rescheduled but after this I plan to never go back.  Most unpleasant service from the beginning and from the reviews  I admit it is very difficult to find doctors with great bed-side manners out here in Phoenix.  I can't pinpoint why doctors out in the west seem so irritated until I met Dr. Sharon Thompson.  She is down to earth I'm sad to say that the experience I mentioned in my review here at Central Phoenix was not the only one I had. Any time I called to make appt's or ask a question I was greeted with rudeness and uneducated answers. I don't think the staff here was equipped to answer medical questions nor had any idea who to direct the call to. They once billed an appointment to the wrong doctor and made me write a letter to my insurance to try and clear it up. Another time I asked to speak with someone regarding a medical question and the girl refused to let me talk with anyone. So glad this nightmare is behind me."  Dr. Thompson ran over and gave me a big hug and both her and Dr. Dern came over to comfort and reassure me. It was seriously the best experience at a doctor I've ever had I was assigned to a new doctor.  The lady that took over for her seemed nowhere near as caring and was more concerned with training the young lady observing her in the room than with answering my questions and taking care of me.  Keep in mind I highly suggest him to anyone looking for a new doctor. He is routinely listed in Phoenix magazine's ""Top Docs"" issue and always has surpassed my expectations." "I can say nothing but good things about dr. Dedinksky and his staff. They are like no other dr that you normally go to. Their service is excellent. Easy to get appointments "I have been a patient of Dr Dedinsky for over 3 years now.  I really like the time he takes during physicals and visits.  He is thorough and practical in his approach.  His office staff are competent I have been a patient for over three years and have never been so satisfied with the service and care given to me. This is by far the best change a person could make regarding their health. Can you say 'COMPLETE' physical?? There's no greater comfort than knowing your health is in good hands and your Doctor has your back. Thanks Doc!!! "I have been a patient of Dr. Dedinsky's since 1997.  I wouldn't think of going anywhere else.  I told him that he can't ever retire!  He listens.  He remembers.  He cares.  And his diagnoses are always right on target.  I love his office staff (Tracy and Imelda).  Both are always so cheerful and helpful when I call in.  If I need to see Dr. Dedinsky immediately "I started visiting this place in summer of 2008. Folks are always professional and friendly. I never feel rushed at this place. I've been working with Dr. David Drewitz and he always greets with a smile  I receive a dang near $200 bill (after insurance pays their part and note how quickly THAT arrived vs. how slow the follow up was) and after paying $350 out of pocket for a CT scan. So $550 of my hard-earned- and- not- easily- come- by savings later "I made my first visit here in November 2013. I found the front desk staff to be friendly and accommodating. I was very happy with my visit with Dr. Mills. I can tell that he thinks critically about all the information I provide This place works with another doctor service (A2ZHome) and they made the appointment without any knowledge to my father (an 81 year old very sick man).  We got a nice little bill in the mail for $25 because we had no knowledge of this appointment only the robot call the day before that I then called the answering service and told them to leave a message that we would NOT be there.  My father was just to weak and sick to leave the home.  But I guess that doesn't matter.  I have been in the medical profession for 20 year and NEVER got a bill for a no show.  I guess they need lunch money.  Not quite sure how they are as doctors but I know they are not the ones we will ever see.  or clinic in town. If you need Cardio services this is where you should go."  walk this way"" walked so fast I had no Idea where she even went then came out of a room and says "" I said this way!"" Then she starts talking to me about my health problems while we were still in the hall... I almost felt like she was on drugs... The Doctor finally came into the room.  He had the worst bedside manner I have ever seen! He did not want to hear any of my symptoms. He wanted to run all sorts of test... how did he now what i needed? He was suppose to be one of the "" top docs' at the institute...  When we were done  one who actually listens and has the courtesy to at least wait until I leave to snort and laugh about whether or not you can believe this chick.  I would never ever return to this place  and getting yelled at later when you want your test results sent to your primary care doctor  reflux in the vein and blood clots.  Dr. Ravi was professional and took great care of me.  His entire staff was helpful and professional.  My wait times were never long.  I hope to never have these issues again but if it occurs I will be going back to the heart institute to be take care of." Wake up Dr. Moffitt..it's 2012 almost 2013!  I was surprised you were open to having an african american as a receptionist.  Very progressive!!" I went through IVF with Dr Moffitt at ARMS. He was Amazing! I got OHSS after my egg retrieval and Dr Moffitt called me every few hours on the weekend to check on me. We ended up waiting to do the transfer till the OHSS cleared. The transfer work on the first try and we are now 24 weeks pregnant with boy/girl Twins! I can not tell you how grateful we are to Dr Moffitt and the staff of ARMS "I found this provider on my BCBS of IL website where it showed he specialized in andrology (male hormone & infertility).  I called his office and his staff stated that he primarily treats women and couples "Dr. Ladin listened to my feedback and admitted to an initial misunderstanding of my situation.  He apologized several times (remarkable for a doctor).  Far to early to evaluate results or longer term care but he obviously knows his subject.  I am looking ahead with some  confidence.  Understandably I cannot expect a ""cure"" but only management which makes his work seem less successful."  and is an uncaring person. I had to go to ANOTHER doctor for treatment! He told me nothing was wrong with me. Then I read his dictation and I HAVE A HERNIATED DISC! But he hid it for a large corporation. Apparently that's what he does. They pay him to keep silent. I NEVER asked for pain medication yet was treated poorly. I would NEVER recommend ANYONE go here for help with their pain. This man cares NOTHING about your pain. Show up crying and telling him your symptoms. He speaks to you for 3 min (after you waited for an hour in the waiting room). He's all about charging your insurance to make a buck. He --DOES NOT-- care about the patients WHATSOEVER. DO NOT GO HERE!!!!! I would give him NO stars!" It's always funny when you're at a clinic or something and hear someone screaming in pain.  A guy down the hall was having some stitches taken out and was cussing up a storm.  :)  He walked out before me "Very friendly guy and great bedside manner.  Staff was nice...but never called me back about scheduling surgery.  That was probably a good thing since it pissed me off and I found someone else...and that doc told me what my real problem was...that I had foot deformities.  Dr. Harlan just chimed in with the same old thing podiatrists have been telling me since I was a pre-teen.  So "I am surprised by the reviews.  Dr. Harlan and his then partner saved my badly damaged ankle in 2006.  After recovery and until now I am pain free.  I have been back to see him on a couple of foot issues and after following his advice r1sLMV2DfDfJZ8HJMzKhow They have quality therapy people and many good and solid people working there that have a genuine concern and compassion for the clientele they serve. The problem is that it is not adaquetely staffed in numbers in the units. NURSES are more concerned with having power and control because they can rather than help. The administration is more concerned in the financial matrix rather than support their staff and that is both Nurses and Techs as well. Sadly there is a minority number of people on staff that are basically lacking of social skills and professionalism that bring down the quality of the work environment. I do not enjoy giving this rating and the caution to NOT work there but for the small minority that bring it down I have to give this low score. I hope that soon it can become a place that is a recommend work environment to work in. When I was released I looked like a totally different person. Like a beggar. I ran out of there as quick as possible. They tried to get me to fill out a survey but words cannot describe or a survey cannot say what a horrible experience I had in this place." Always had something condescending to say. He was arrogant as well and spoke down to every patient. He has NO business working with mentally ill patients. I am only brushing the surface here with this guy. I will never ever go back to this horrible place." Take the good with the bad.  A great doctor who will listen and take the time to get to know you personally...and the less than helpful staff."  professional.  And his Medical Assistant Kara is the perfect compliment.  Staff always helpful and considerate..." After some research we found Dr. Garn at the Dobson Location! All I can say is that we love him and we actually look forward to seeing him for our 6 month check ups. He spends a lot of quality time with us making sure we know exactly what the latest update is on Heather. He seems very thourough and doesn't want to just go in and do a ""heart cath"" which we are grateful for! Staff is great and wait times are minimal compared to otehr places."  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Dr. Stock.  We have the utmost confidence in him." "Good experience.  The dr was very detailed.  I wasn't 100% comfortable with the sonographer "Ditto on the sonographer!  She seemed super irritated because my 6 month old son was crying and upset the whole time.  We were all super nervous and uncomfortable and she did not help the situation at all.  The actual doctor and nurse (Kristy I think) were great but the sonographer lady really rubbed me the wrong way.  He's a baby with no shirt on laying in a cold room with a stranger messing with him!  Of course he's going to cry!  Learn some bedside manner and help console him not say things like ""can't you give him a binky or somethin?"" NO!  He doesn't take a binky!" Dr Stock is AMAZING! We are so glad that he branched out on his own so we don't have to pay the ridiculous faculty fees anymore. I have 100% confidence with him for my daughters cardiac care. He is so patient answering all my questions. You couldn't ask for a better cardiologist for your child. My only complaint is that I wish he could be my cardiologist too! "Dr. Stevens is a fantastic surgeon.  He has performed over 400 spinal surgeries and came highly recommended by volunteers and staff at Scottsdale Healthcare - Dr. Stevens corrected my 62 degree scoliosis curve.  The surgery was further complicated by the fact that I had severe osteoporosis in my lumbar spine.  If Dr. Stevens was not as experienced and knowledgeable as he is Dr Stevens is arrogant:   i was extremely ill when I had a consultation with him. I had quite a few questions to ask about my situation.  Dr. Stevens kept writing and wouldn't look me in the eye when he deigned to answer my questions.  He kept looking at his notepad.  Damn it:  stop writing  and disrespectful.  Her direct quotation when I asked about arthritis was "" the only way to stop arthritis is to die"".  I am a very experienced health care provider and she acted annoyed with my questions JTiqc8D0MJpYbnObHuNA9w It's $22 people. Think customer service." I've been mis-diagnosed many times by Dr. Austin. The wait is ALWAYS an hour or two and you have to keep calling the office to get results. If you are looking for a great doctor  she's an amazing caring Dr. Only see her a couple times a year but it's always a pleasant visit. Thank you Dr. Austin!" "Dr Austin is wonderful! i'm so glad i found her and that she diagnosed my ""anxiety"" as me being thyrotoxic and saved me from what could've been a very scary situation"  takes her time and doesn't rush you out the door but at the same time doesn't keep you waiting in the waiting room. She's courteous and kind but professional and knowledgeable at the same time. She's always willing to look things up when she isn't sure and not just make  snap judgments and stick to them  she takes the time to listen and does not rush you out the door.  I would and have recommended her practice to others.  She truly cares about her patients." One small complaint...they take the whole thanksgiving weekend off. Although there is someone always on call Excellent group of physicians!  they had me wait an hour to get the shot and then tell me I should have peed in a cup (nobody told me that???). I go to pee in a cup and then have me wait another 20 minutes to make sure I'm not a leper. Get it together!" There is no way I would let someone who can't even take the time to make sure basic documents are completed properly deliver my child.  An expectant mother needs someone who pays attention to details. If this is how they handle the little parts of pregnancy then I don't even want to think about how they handle the bigger parts. I urge ALL mothers to reflect upon this information when considering Southwest Women's Care as their OB of choice."  care or follow up and I am really unhappy that it did not work and if I want to try it again I have to pay another 3400. They should charge half so you can have it done twice just in case and they should let you rest after instead of okay your done get out." The quality of the care at SWCWC is unparalleled. I highly recommend this practice." Love this group of practitioners and the care provided. Can't imagine actually being sick or super preggo and dealing with these types of issues!  Thus "After taking the glucose test I was recently diagnosed with gestational diabetes.  The day I found out I had missed a call from the office on my cell phone.  They had not left a message so I was curious and called back.  I was transferred to the triage nurse because my doctor and assistant were not available to speak.  The triage nurse informed me that I had gestational diabetes and needed to go to a class..  I asked if I could speak with a doctor regarding the results because I was very upset.  I was informed a doctor would call me back.. The doctor never called My appointment was at 3:30 pm. I've arrived at 3 pm. Now its 3:53 pm and they are busy. I wouldnt consider this a horrible place. The place is clean and they have enough admins to clear the guest area for paperwork but its going slow today.  and explained everything that was going on. I don't know why nobody at Southwest could do this for me. feel much more comfortable and confident in my new OBGYN's care. My new OBGYN informed me that I did have other options  and took her time in explaining what I needed and wanted to know. I was initially skeptical about not seeing an actual MD at first It has been almost three years and I am still haunted by the awful experience I had with this group. Please please please consider looking elsewhere." I love love love my doctor! This a great clinic! Dr. Wilson is the BEST!! He sits down and really listens to you and cares about each person! He sees a lot of cousins and my sister in law as well and we all LOVE him! Happy with the care received. Nice clean office. Nice friendly staff. They allow kids in the visits which was great for me.  both during my pregnancy and hysterectomy. I am still a patient and recommend others to Southwest as well."  it was like I was being talked at. I had a lot of questions because this was my first pregnancy and she made me feel stupid. On top of that she was very insensitive. I was given two completely different answers which made me not trust these people. A few days later I miscarried. I never used more than 2 pads in a day "This is seriously the best experience I've had coming to a new doctor in a long time! The front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The environment of the office was very nice and comfortable. Once the nurse practitioner came in "I love this doctor.  He was so thorough.  He took his time and asked all kinds of questions. He diagnosed my problem and solved my issues when my regular doctor could not.   His office is old school.  Charts are paper  no credit/debit cards (and the receptionist may or may not tell you when you make your first appointment). Everything is on paper  takes whatever time the patient needs.  He never seem to be in a hurry to move on to the next patient if YOU need more time or explanation.  He is available for questions  but am now no longer exited. I gave them a memory stick of thousands of pages of records and waited 3 weeks for them to review and help my very ill partner. I dragged him in there and sat down to see the nurse practitioner who didn't know how to open the files and after wasting an hour of our time she says. "" I need one of the drs to look at this and that was over a week ago and still no word. It really really sucks that there is no urgency in healthcare for all the money on the planet and that's very sad and disturbing." Why hire someone to work your front desk when they're 1) Rude 2) Don't know anything about insurance?!?" "Dr. Harry S. Tamm is my FAVORITE doctor. He got to the root of my mysterious headaches by really listening to me. He gave me time to ask questions and he answered them in detail with patience and friendly wit. I knew I had been repeatedly misdiagnosed (FYI - I am a former front office receptionist in a doctor's office.)" "I love these people. I see Stacy the physicians assistant most of the time. She is wonderful and is a great listener. I do not have insurance and they give generous discounts for self pay patience. The staff is wonderful . And the man who takes my money at the end makes me feel good about it "My husband and I visited them recently because he was experiencing chest pains.  It felt great to speak with someone who listened patiently and not make us feel like they're ready to bolt out the door the second they walk in the room.  We felt like we were important.  And all are questions were answered to a satisfaction.  Now Good job Pulmonary Associates !" "My husband had an appointment for 10:40 am for a shape test. We waited for over an hour before he finally was called!! He asked what was going on after 45 minutes and was told"" you know you are here for only a breathing test."" What did that have to do with anything.??? When he finally got called after we were ready to leave  if nothing more than for the hair dryer and anti fungal powder tip.  I don't believe my hemorrhoids will ever be so out of control painful that I'll need surgery again." AAazGTDRjpQubRQlgn2q7g  professional & efficient! The doctor that performed my surgery was amazing. I had issues with my deductible & they worked out a payment plan with me with no issues. My nurse Lauren was amazing! I hope I never have to go here again lol but if the situation ever arises I would not hesitate to contact them! Keep up the great work!!!!" Visited the Mesa location. Dr Nguyen was great but his staff not so much. The nurse had to mention to my son that his sister was his half sister. That did not have to be stated at all! That's irrelevant. Now I have to explain to an 8 year old how and why his sister is a half sister. That is really unacceptable!!! My son has seen Dr Ritchey since birth. Everyday we are thankful that he came into our life.  We are confident with his abilities and consistently have seen his extraordinary care and dedication (to patients and parents as well!).  He honestly changed our lives!  and that has been planned out for a future date. I'm not looking forward to it TxbagW2dooKp_MIMQEAmpA  has been completely unresponsive to my requests to speak with her. I have been calling about once a week for a month and even tried and a fax and letter via snail mail but have yet to get any kind of response to my billing question. Unfortunately this experience has soured my overall view of the practice." Travis is very nice and helpful Won't recommend this place to anyone." Dr. Salyer was my doctor and he was great!  He took the time to explain why I was having shoulder problems.  I had x-rays and the x-ray techs were nice and friendly.  I had two cortisone injections and it fixed me right up.  I would recommend Dr. Salyer for anyone looking for a good orthopedic doctor. He is a specialist.  Very professional & in my case it  wasn't easy to fix me but he does not give up.  I used two other Urologist's plus the Mayo Clinic.  I do remember Dr. Swanson from the Mayo Clinic but for me he was a joke.  Nothing like The  Expertise of Dr. Brito.  I use to go to downtown Phoenix & North Scottsdale to see Dr. Brito.  I live in Queen Creek.  If I need him again I will drive far it doesn't matter when you find a great Doctor.  would recommend him to anyone."  and told that if I needed to talk with her or the Doctor I'd need to make an appointment...Needless to say after being treated so badly by the staff  I'm following her. She's the best Crotch Doctor I've ever had!"  I was hoping to establish a relationship with an OBGYN here in the Valley so that I already have a trusting relationship with a doctor when my husband and I decide to have a baby. I was a happy patient of my last doctor for 12 years.  I scheduled my first appointment at this practice as a new patient and was seen by Whitney Padgett. It has always been my understanding that standards of care require doctors to actually see a patient if it is his or her first time going to a specialist. I was a bit shocked that I was seen only by Whitney and never a doctor at all  and told me i probably have a pituitary tumor!!!!!! WTF!!! who does that?? she hadnt even done a routine exam at that point. and then told me i didnt know what i was talking about. such a rude rude rude woman. they more interested in doing more labs to make money than anything. so after my horrible experience with that hag i had to deal with the car dealer finance lady who decided to then charge me new patient prices which is more than existing and more than what was agreed upon on the phone. they new and admitted they told me one thing and then made me pay another . they really are rotten people and i hate when people get into any kind of health care knowing people are ailing but they dont have the temperment to deal with it long term so they walk around like a bunch of grumpy sourpusses in the office and make patients coming in with issues feel like we're a burden! isn't that what they signed up for??? try to be a little kinder rude ladies  I think I want to have a baby with Dr. Cyr now. Wait.. that's not quite what I meant... anyway  etc. Whitney did the bare minimum for my history and exam.  I was seen for a preventative exam and also had a small issue at the time. When I was billed it was for a comprehensive preventative exam as well as a level 4 visit. I didn't think one little test and prescription constituted a high-level office visit. When I called to get clarification "I feel like this place doesn't have as good of reviews as it should so I figured I would add in my two cents. I love Central Phx Women's Health. More specifically The building is not well-marked from the Osborn side so go a bit early the 1st time." My sister was treated so rude. I called the front desk in a very professional manner to address the issue and see what was going on and how to resolve it.  Instead of her treating me like a human being she decided to be VERY rude and unprofessional with me as well. Every question I would ask she would say she's not gonna argue to me. I didn't think we were arguing. She was so rude that I had to ask if I could speak to someone else who could speak with me professionally (I thought this was automatic at a business. Why did I have to ask?) There was NO MANAGER available until Monday so I guess until then they can treat people however they want. I've never been to the office but the way I was treated only over the phone is a good enough reason for me to never step foot in this office. If you want to be treated disrespectfully and not like a  human being then go there. Otherwise go somewhere else. I still can't believe there was no manager to speak with. I would give zero stars if given the option. Whitney is by far the best I have every had as far as doctors go. She answered all my questions and made what is usually an awkward visit seem comfortable and quick. The office staff are very nice. I would recommend them to anyone looking for an obgyn . I wouldn't trust anyone else in Pho with my gyn needs"   since the office gets busy.  Dr. Cyr  booked my follow-up appointment next month over her lunch so that I don't have to take another day off of work (school holiday).  Seriously  all of the staff were very friendly and professional.  I never had a bad experience there!" 4/5/2016- I'd like to add an update: The ""Office Manager"" called me after my loss and told me that my insurance would cover my procedure. I explained to her that Arizona State law does not allow ANY insurance provider to cover a D & E procedure under any circumstance  they create one with the rudeness. Its happened one too many times and we are now looking for new OBGYN. Somebody needs to talk some sense into the staff(front desk  she's a wonderful gynecologist. She makes you feel comfortable in a not so comfortable situation. She's very knowledgeable and helpful. I would definitely recommend her. Glad to have found someone who I can count on for years to come!" This place is so great! The staff is very knowledgeable and super friendly. Dr. Gibson is honestly one of the best doctors I have ever encountered. She is really personable and genuinely cares about you and your baby. I can't express how much I truly have enjoyed my experience at this establishment. Oh and have a question about billing? No problem. Just walk down the hall and talk to someone face to face and get a thorough explanation and help with any of your questions. Love it! Can't wait to meet my little boy! Thank you everyone at Central Phoenix Women's Healthcare... "I moved to the area at about 25 weeks pregnant and starting looking for a new OB right away. My first appointment at a different clinic wasn't exactly what I wanted. A friend of a friend raved about Dr Cyr and I made an appointment to get in the very next day and have loved going there ever since! The billing department has been great to work with me during my insurance complications. Dr Cyr is exactly what I wanted in an OB I definitely recommend this walk-in clinic and plan to return and see Dr. Corrigan as my primary care physician."  and gets right to the point. Although sometimes it can get annoying with his medical students." 7Y5HNCtQGCIP_28QfjfihA Today i went to visit Dr. Corrigan as he is my family dr and was surprised when i got there and saw the building completely empty ... upon investigation i was told that the dr either retired or just simply quit practicing ... there was a merger with East Valley Family Practice and all of Dr. Corrigans patients files were sent to the 3rd st and Earle location ... when i called there i was told this info was correct and the gentleman i spoke with was very helpful in setting up an appt for me at a new location ...  neither the doc or the anesthesiologist came to see how I was in the recovery room. I felt like they rushed me out so they could use the bed for someone else and they didn't have my pain level under control.  I will never go here again. I'd switch doctors if I had to before using this facility ever again. If i ever need surgery again  our co-pay should have only been $327. Biltmore refuses to refund us the difference and has even denied a request from Blue Cross Blue Shield to refund the difference. This place is a financial RIPOFF and I would not recommend anyone to go there."  our co-pay should have only been $327. Biltmore refuses to refund us the difference and has even denied a request from Blue Cross Blue Shield to refund the difference. This place is a financial RIPOFF and I would not recommend anyone to go there. Five months after they tried to over bill Blue Cross Blue Shield with incorrect medical codes to receive more money than they entitled to  when I got pregnant with my second baby  she just wanted to butcher me for her financial sake. As if she had a ballon payment due & I could've been her ticket. It's been 5 months since she & her hospital team threatened I would die. Makes me wonder how many others she has victimized." Both Dr. Doris and his wife (who is also a doc there) were educated in Britain and take their time with each patient instead of rushing them in and out in five minutes like a lot of doctors.  They're part of the John C. Lincoln Hospital network...if they take your insurance I would recommend them."  shouldn't I be informed to keep the rest of the world uninfected??"  and BTW probably the  first time  I haven't gotten a  huge bruise  in my  life!  I saw the  negative reviews  on Yelp but  I am going  to  give  them 5 stars and could not be more pleased with my new  doctor. I tend to only write reviews  if  I really like a. business. The  negative  reviews on this clinic could  have made  me choose another doctor  so  I am going to  highly recommend this office." "Dr. Bowey is fabulous and makes you feel like you are her only patient. The downside is that if you don't have an appt first thing in the AM or right after their lunch break I was looking for a new doctor and came across Arcadia Family Clinic. I called to make my appointment on a Monday. They verified my insurance while I was on the phone and I was excited to hear there was an open appointment the next day! When I went for my appointment I had my insurance card and ID ready as they had asked the day before. When I was called up to the desk ( 10 min after arriving) I was told immediately that they don't take my insurance! I told the woman at the desk that they had just verified it the day before. She looked in a folder and said sorry we don't take this. I don't understand how I can sit on a phone call for 7 minutes the day before and be told to come in only to be turned away immediately! I wasted my time at this clinic and they weren't even apologetic about the situation. I hope the next doctor I try is at least compassionate! Too bad I can't give less than 1 star for this specific doctor" I called for an appointment at 8am and was told it was a walk in basis today. So I walk in at 10:50 and there were four other people here 5 more walked in after me. Everyone has been back to see the Doctor but I am still here. I asked if everyone had an appointment and was told no they were all walk ins. So be prepared to sit and watch the walk ins walk right in while you continue to sit. This isn't the first time I have had to wait. My first visit I had an appointment and I waited for over an hour. As I sit here 3 more people have walked in. Let's see if they all go in before me. Urgent care would be a better option if you need to see the dr. I don't recommend this place and after today I am pretty sure I am going to find a new doctor. He's got a very down to earth demeanor (maybe a midwestern thing?) as well as a very friendly and personable assistant.  I've referred many a friend and family member to him. Children are in my future and they'll be his patients as well."  he has open wireless in his office for the convenience of waiting patients who need to work while waiting."  but he does care and he does take the time to talk to you about your medical concerns and issues. I feel extremely comfortable and confident in his abilities to ascertain and diagnose accurately. He is honest  not something you see much anymore.  He always has a student along with him and his manner of teaching combined with his dry sense of humor is refreshing.  The only reason I did not give him a 5 star review is because he usually is running behind quite a bit  I will not be returning to Dr. Kramer. If you simply want to give your money away I suggest an organization like PAWS (pets are worth saving) because Dr. Kramer ripped me off and had the nerve to try to do it a second time."  she has a rude tone and makes you feel like you are annoying her.  I only cone here cus I'm leaving in a couple months but lawd this place needs a new crew not to mention dr. Kramer can be a rude one! I can tell he got irritated when he knew I had to be refered out..... read riviews in the end we make him business and his staff gets paid because we the patients bring business.... hmmm maybe they should think about this"  his eyes were. glued to the computer screen and I think he only glanced my way f or a second.  after rhe entered some stuff into the computer and asked me a few questions  from taking three weeks to send me to a specialist (I had to fax the manager the list of specialists taking my insurance  and show up in the office to get an appointment) to not calling me for test results after the doctor warned me that I could be diabetic."  2014 and within 2 weeks was walking with a cane and after week 3 was walking fine by myself and actively working.  His office staff is friendly and communicates well.  He is a great surgeon that is proud of his work and is concerned with your health..  I highly recommend this Doctor!" The actual office was very nice though. Zero stars for the ""doctor"" but one for the nice office."  if you are scheduled for an Ime with him get your lawyer to change it . HE gets paid by the insurance company to lie. He did one on me and said my shoulder was stable and I ended up having surgery for a torn rotator cuff. He's rude and had me wait in a cold room for an hour and read my report during that time without saying a word. Had to go back a second ime a year later and  basically did the same thing but was even ruder. He would not give me a copy of the papers I brought in and even changed what I wrote down and answered himsel. He Dawgs other doctors and thinks he's the only one who is right because he's getting paid to lie for insurance companies to go against you." I needed to find a great surgeon and I believe I found him. I will need shoulder surgery soon and possibly knee surgery in a decade or so."  though Dr Smith the most.  My girlfriend thinks it's awesome to actually have a young black female doctor as it makes her feel so much more relatable.  I love that they are so informative  I didn't have to go to another level of the building to receive my blood work." Without a doubt I recommend Dr. Bauer and her assistant 110%."  as the problem seemed to be with the muscles and bones of my ribcage.  Dr. Mansfield prescribed some low-key meds (ibuprofen and a muscle relaxer) and referred me to an awesome chiropractor right next door.  I got the best night's sleep in recent memory p.s. Dr. Collins doesn't accept new patients but if you call and ask her medical assistant they usually can fit you in..."  Mountain View is home to several doctors so we should always be able to get in the same day or the day after we get sick. The waiting room felt clean and comfortable too  making time to talk to you about all your concerns.  I can't say enough about her and highly recommend her!"  but are missing the most important part." I love this place!! I moved here 7 months ago and made an apt with Dr. Mansfield. She is awesome and so is her assistant!!  She's easy to talk to and will do anything to help! I've been a few times and will return again and again!  and they've all been great. The front desk staff is very friendly and quick with processing people through. You never have to wait long with an appointment and they have a streamlined process to get people through to a doc quick I love this doctors office.  Dr. Mansfield is always willing to listen and is very compassionate.  She is genuinely concerned about her patients and their health.  Whenever you have an urgent matter the office goes above and beyond to make sure you get to see a doctor immediately.  I've been a patient here for about three years and am so glad to have found this doctor.  and what she wanted to 'discuss' with me was................................................ nothing.  The ultrasounds were all  normal and everything looked fine and dandy.  What?!  Why did I have to come in for that???  So I can pay another office visit fee?  I was really disappointed Dr. Bauer and the staff are great and I hope when and if I need anything more serious I can prove them right even further as to how good they are. Hopefully that's not the case but I can already tell they will be awesome." I highly recommend her and Mountain View as a solid PCP/Home Physician office."  anywhere else.  The homeless guy on the corner would probably give you better care. He'd be cheaper thats for sure!"  then you should defiantly trust dr Mansfield to give you the care you deserve." The office itself is ok.  I've had them mess up my appointments a few times which is frustrating but the dr. has always made sure I can still get in to see him."   he took his time and paid attention to every detail. He gave me great alternatives to medications and other options to think about. They also give you a online patient portal to access your medications "Dr. Mansfield is amazing. She listens and provides valuable feedback and resources. I just moved t the area Good luck if you decide to go with them.  I'm sure all the doctors are fine...that's really all that should matter... but I just can't take the hassle of their slow office."  but I believe it was worth it for the treatment I received! Wonderful staff that was very friendly and concerned with everything I mentioned. Dr. Bell was amazing. He really explained everything too me. I didn't feel lost once!" Over $100 out of pocket later I returned for my check up.  Not sure if it is a racket they usually pull to get you to come more than once but I don't trust them. On the positive side the staff was friendly and both appointments were on time.  Cindy is a wonderful doctor's assistant."  but having said that the office operation is not good. Last year they called me said it was my time for a yearly exam. Went in late after work about 4:30 appointment. The waiting room was nearly empty. They called me in I waited in the exam room for 50 minutes it's 1/4 to 6. The noise in the hallway outside the room is dying down. I come out and ask around find hardly anyone except one person up in the front office. She is very surprised to see me I'm fairly sure they forgot I was even in there. I was getting upset I told her I can't wait around for an hour in a room. She didn't know what to say to me I could tell they knew darn well what happened. They ran around and I told her I was leaving and Dr bell came out said he would take care of me in a few minutes. The exam was about 10 minutes listen to my heart and said sounds okay. He asked me If I need to have a finger up my butt I laughed but was thinking to my self what a strange thing to say to a patent. I told him forget it had to go. I wasted 3 hours it was the last time I went there."  but the doctor put on his latex glove and felt my glands and wrote me a refill? Really? No blood work? I have not had my thryoid levels checked in over a year. Okay After another appointment I am still so happy with this staff! They are more then happy help you in anyway that they can. Still love Dr. Bell!  she takes her time to get to know you and to teach you about your disease process and explains all medications she prescribes. She encourages you to ask questions. Other docs in the practice also give the same quality care if my doctor can't see me. Minimal wait times "I love Dr. Mansfield and her nurse Cindy! They made me feel so welcomed on my first visit and they actually CARE. They were very professional  I give this place a solid gold 5-stars.  Great people.  I think I have finally found a doctor and staff I can live with." Dr.Bell is the best pcp I've ever seen. He takes his time with you and explains why it is or is not a particular diagnosis. The only reason I don't want to sing praises for him is because I don't want to make it harder to get in to see him! He's wonderful and I very much appreciate his bedside manners. yS6tXY9skBQ4eLZLQaDlEg Note: they are opthalmologists not optometrists." "When I unexpectedly began feeling pain in my right eye a friend recommended that I go see Dr. Bob Bollington.  Dr. Bollington is an amazing ophthalmologist.   He is knowledgeable  I am going back to them from now on.  Please don't tell too many people.  I have looked very long and hard for a trustworthy and accomplished eye doctor.  Go see for yourself dr Villarreal is awesome. if you want a full assessment and every detail examined go see her. she's awesome and will refer out if you need additional services. I recommend this place. Specially doctor Bullington."  performs all the exams himself and he has a fabulous bed side manner. You do not find physicians like Dr. Bob anymore. I trust him implicitly. I have referred several people to him and they all have had a great experience at Biltmore Ophthamology. I would not trust my eyes to anyone else! A rare find indeed!" I see Dr. Bob and he is great! Everyone is very friendly and this place was recommended by a friend. Highly recommend. Thank you for wasting my time today Dr. Chasby." His office and surgical staff compliment Dr Sacks professional practice." "Do your homework people - Dr. Chasby Sacks is NOT a Board Certified Plastic Surgeon.  ""Board Certified Cosmetic Surgeon"" - there is no such specialty as far as the American Medical Board is concerned. So beware. American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery is a body that is NOT recognized by the ABMS. There are many wonderful BC Plastic surgeons in this town - spend the extra few bucks and go to one of them.  If there is a complication or a further ""tweak"" is needed Everything from start to finish was great. I love his method and experience. He gave me good input and advice about getting my breast enlarged. I am very happy with my results. Dr. Sacks and staff were very professional and caring through the whole process. I would definitely recommend him to any of my friends." Please spend the extra money on an actual plastic surgeon. Sacs will damage your body and not give it a second thought." S6xbqP4m7s5zgxX8souN4w "I had gone to see Dr. Sacks for larger implants in 1998 and then he redid them in 2010.  He is the best boob guy out there and I've seen some of my friend's after surgery.  I haven't used him for anything else  if you are in need of a new Doctor I highly recommend Dr. Riley.  I think they also take most insurances as well!"  when he didn't just tell me I could pick up my prescription at the counter on my way out.  He actually TALKED with me.  He asked questions.  He didn't make a mad dash for the door!  Miraculous!!  And the good news is that this has not changed in all these years.  I don't have insurance His office is small and you can usually get an appointment the same day or next."  competent doctor - I can't imagine going to any other medical practices.  His staff is very nice and really good about working with your schedule to get you in as soon as possible.   I really appreciate all he has done for our family.  And I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a great doctor!"  and was turned down. Receptionist said they take one new patient a day and as of 6/14 they are already booked until July. What? No sense of urgency."  the ladies facilitating his office are kind and friendly; and have been very helpful during my past two visits." I have been going to DR. Riley for a couple years and I would recommend him to anyone that wants a doctor that is very handles on. He is always the one that sees you unlike some offices that have PA ect. he always takes time to call me about my lab results. I have always had great service and experience  nothing had been called in.  I followed up and was again told it was called in.  Went to the pharmacy (verified location) and they had received nothing.  I went back a few months later for stomach virus symptoms.  The initial visit and mishap was totally disregarded and not even ""remembered"" for that matter.  I had to pay another visit shortly after because my symptoms were not getting better.  Nothing was done Thank You To Dr Riley and all the staff at Biltmore healthcare!!!" Been seeing Dr Riley for years. He recently moved to Banner Healthcare. I like him. He has called me at home a couple of times to check on me. I was pretty ill but how often have you had that happen?!  He is a great doctor and a compassionate human being. And he loves fly fishing!  great listener and keeps current on medical trends. Very well read and has an incredible bedside manner. I would recommend him to anyone." "Highly recommend Dr. Riley. He's very knowledgeable Dr. Riley himself only kept me waiting for maybe two minutes before opening a dialogue with me. He has an excellent way of communicating symptoms and issues. I'm very glad I decided to go."  competent doctor - I can't imagine going to any other practices.  His staff is very nice and really good about working with your schedule & theirs to get you in as soon as possible.   I really appreciate all he has done for us.  And would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a great doctor!" This practice is all about money!!" An unexpected bonus Dr. Wilson and Deborah don't just provide generic specialist referrals either.  They provide exceptional specialist recommendations.  Which I discovered when I had breast cancer and then again when I needed arthroscopic knee surgery."  he is the first one to make that recommendation.  There is no ""ego"" involved.  I think the most telling thing I can share with you is a memory of something that happened in his waiting room when I happened to be there - many years ago.  The waiting room was full.  He was running late.  Suddenly the door opened  so I highly recommend giving this office a call if you're ""apple a day"" isn't enough to keep the doctor away!"  but when people are going to the doctor which can be emotional for some people depending on what's going on  understanding staff coupled with incredibly smart doctors. They make you want to be a better patient. I look forward to my follow-up visit.  Who ever says they like going to the doctor's office.  I do now!  I feel like my life is in good hands with Dr. Tamara Lieberman." Literally my whole family goes to see her so absolutely we would recommend her to those closest to us." I went to see Dr Cherkuri for an initial visit. I found him to be knowledgeable and empathetic. They looked busy but not rushed. The staff was overall very friendly and seemed to want genuinely talk to you. Overall it was a good experience. gVEtYzzezWoy1Jfvtv3ZLg  but would do it by making sure we had the information needed to make sure the proposed choice was a good one with some additional blood tests.  She knew about the medication I wanted to switch to and provided me with well rounded information.  Unlike previous practices This post is probably more about the billing dept Exceptional doctors that are extremely personable and take plenty of time to discuss your issues... Highly recommend Family Practice Specialists!  it's like a credit card annual fee.  This year 2012 it's $60.  I'm not one to pay annual fees at my bank  we still get pretty gnarly notices on bright yellow paper threatening to kick us out of the practice if they're not paid immediately.  Dr. Wyse is the best doctor I have ever had  etc. processing.  Really?  even couldn't be grandfathered in after i complained for being a long standing patient.  he moved from 40th & bell to camelback and i continued to see him.  i didn't ask him for more gas??!!!  i continued to make the much longer trip & nvr complained.  this took the cake.  a drs. office charging an adm fee?  argh! i have since gotten a very nice doctor around the corner i'm happy with but decided since apparently i'm still good enough for their email list and had a yelp link I also want to note that Carmen his Nurse/P.A. Is wonderful and give the same quality service as Dr. Wyse."  including Women's care issues.  Which will turn out to be very convenient in the future. I recommend!" I will finding another Doctor that is not so judgmental. If I were you Our Dr. is great but the administration fee is completely inappropriate.  They charged my wife an annual 49 fee and myself a 49 fee.  We are not going to pay $98 a year to be seen at this facility when they collect our co pay and bill our insurance company.  We will find another provider.  honest and informative.  I am never rushed and he answers all of my questions.  He is a Dr. that takes his time and listens to you.  I highly recommend him."  2/23/2013- I changed Drs because of the admin fee and the office is still trying to charge another ""administration fee"".  Soooo that pretty much means there is a bi-annual admin fee charged.  Was forced to pay the first fee because I was a patient  friendly and helpful staff... Worth the admin fee every day of the week!"  but from the feedback that I get I never have any reservation in recommending Dr. Wyse and his team of doctors and staff to any patient looking for a new PCP that doesn't treat you like a number and takes his/her time to address all your concerns."  EMR and Patient Portal cost.  I'm not sure what Lab they are referring to because every time I have blood drawn they send it off to some place called LabCorp.  Isn't this the cost of doing business?  So should I start deducting a set amount for the employees that work for me for the cost of internet and the payroll system we use?  I don't think so." "Did new sign/graphic install here and the people were very friendly and accessible. The office was busy the day we were there for this install  is not one of them. I find it very arrogant when anyone feels their time is more important than yours."  I've had to contact them several times to have the correctly coded for insurance.  The biggest problem for us was not getting refills on our medication and our medication being held hostage for regular visits every 3 to 4 months whether we are ill or not.  Most people only get 3 sick visits per year with their insurance  you want me to pay $49 a month so you can send me infomercial voicemails to spend more money at your practice?!?!  I am generally a healthy person and maybe visit the doctor once or twice a year.  They already bill my insurance up the wazoo and also charge me a co-pay every visit  intuitive and really takes the time to listen to your complaints.  I really appreciated how much time he took with me.  I've had doctors that took a rushed 5 minuted to ""listen"" to my concerns and then just wrote me a script and sent me on my way.  Dr. Francyk was different.  He looked me in the eye when I spoke to him and I knew he was really hearing me.  He spent quite a bit of time explaining possible treatment options and I finally feel like I have a doctor that cares and knows what he's doing!!!  I've seen a lot of complaints about the admin fee of $49/year....but if I need to pay a small fee to have a great doctor and staff on my side I have been to different doctors in the past and I have to say I am so pleased that I have found Jennifer Francyk P.a. She takes the time to listen and find out what's wrong. You can tell her and the other P.a. and Physicians are passionate about their jobs and they care about their patients. I have had doctors that don't follow up with me and see how I am feeling. But Jennifer cares and she will follow up with me even when she is not at the office. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Jennifer and the people at her office. I promise u wont be disappointed with them and their practice. "This office charges an annual FEE of approximately  $50 to all of their patients.  Insurance companies do not pay the fee.  It is paid by the patient.  Some at this office have tried to compare it to and equating the $50 yearly fee to a ""gym membership"" when it is really nothing but pure Greed.  I also know of one Doctor in this office who has bad mouthed other doctors within the same office.  Wonder if they have any kind of ""code of ethics?""  I highly suggest you find a different medical/doctor's office." She just wasn't pleasant at all and I would never see her again. They also charge an annual fee for having you in their system that isnt covered by insurance. There are so many better practices out there I don't think Ill be going back to this one."  telling me I haven't paid my bill!  I have spoken to the office to no avail. The calls are more like I would think a collection agency would make  I should have too. I won't mention the other doctors I saw because I never had a negative experience with them. Great doctors. I moved to Florida last May and called them in September to have my medical records faxed over. Then they decide to charge me the annual patient fee!? I'm not even a patient anymore and I am being charge for a fax? Very upset that the practice charges a ridiculous fee." This place is garbage and their doctors are garbage too. Two different doctors haven't been able to do anything for me but send me huge bills...thieves. I have read that many patients now use online tools to explore treatments because they don't feel that physicians explain all aspects of treatment. Dr. Tyler Southwell goes above and beyond by explaining the diagnosis  Dr. Southwell. He is the most understanding and kind doctor I think I have ever met. He listens and doesn't judge me for the meds and conditions that I have. He doesn't belittle me because of my age and has honestly changed my life by helping me improve more than i thought possible. My family couldn't be more grateful for what he's done and everyone has seen a difference in my health and emotional well being. The other doctor that is so per sweet and nice is Dr. Wyse. He's kind gentle and understanding and listens to his patients. I only have this place 4 stars because of the other doctors in the practice. I won't give specific names but there are 2 other doctors and a nurse practitioner that I have seen that are rude "I see Dr Clark and Dr Corcoran here as my primary physicians and have since high school. They're both very efficient and warm people - ideal doctors.  It's an older neighborhood near their office so I'm usually a LOT younger than the patients waiting Additionally the staff there act as if they are doing you a favor by taking your money. I have never witnessed such nonchalant behavior at a doctors office. Ridiculous" 5 stars for the doctors but not happy about the 1-2+ hour wait time EVERY. SINGLE. VISIT. Finding a new doctor because of this unfortunately. So disappointing! I was very disappointed and won't be sending any of my friends to this doctor." I'm surprised to see so many negative reviews.  I've never had a bad experience here-  Not that I'm here often.  But I've gone in for an annual checkup and follow up.  The office staff was friendly.  Dr Corcoran was quite personable.  The team that did blood work was friendly.  They have an app that lets you view your results and helped me register.  You can also schedule your visit from the app.  The whole process was pretty efficient. What a great Plastic Surgeon!!!!  Dr Meger and his staff are the best!!! Family like atmosphere!!! I wouldn't go anywhere else "I absolutely loved everything about my experience with Dr. Meger. I was very nervous about my surgery and he answered every last question I had- he even let me come in for a second consultation so I felt comfortable. His staff is super professional and friendly- Jovita is amazing! Not only is the care top notch but I felt his prices were very reasonable  Dr. Meger and his amazing staff provided me with the best care possible! If you are looking for the best you should call them now!! Prepare to have amazing results  I think this practice has a knowledgeable staff and I really felt at ease and that I was in good hands. I am very pleased with my experience and plan to use them in the future if I need another procedure."  Dr. Meger and the staff are very professional and they treat you with personal care and service.  The procedure was quick and my healing only lasted a few days I highly recommend Dr. Meger and his staff to take amazing care of your needs." "He has now done both of breast augmentations surgeries.  I have traveled to him from out of state for both.  His contour and breast shape is hands down top of the line.  They are supportive and answer all questions  but I felt the need to write my first online review due to this negative experience."  I felt loved and well taken care of. Dr Meger was so thorough and the outcome has been excellent. (I had 15 yr old implants changed.) I have already recommended Dr Meger to a few friends. One of whom had a procedure and was also ecstatic. If you're on this site looking to make the right decision on a surgeon  he would not respond to my letters or phone calls. He wouldn't even do the right thing! Maybe he just needs to stick with breasts! Don't let him touch your face!!! Even if he's received one good review Everytime I go to Dr Meger's office I feel like I am among my friends. It's hard to tell someone your insecure and then what you need help with. This is a group of people that are 100% professional all while being your best friend! I highly recommend that you set up a consult and you will be impressed like I was. Great staff and Dr. Merger does excellent work. So happy with my results and I felt comfortable the whole time. My wife is absolutely tickled pink and while I have always thought her beautiful Absolutely amazing! From the moment I walked into the door for my consultation to my post op appointments they have been awesome! My mommy makeover results are fabulous and I'm only a few weeks post op. I am constantly getting compliments on how good I look already and Minot even close to being completely healed yet! highly recommend them to everyone!  professionalism and  amazing customer service. I have finally made my decision and will have Dr. Meger do my Mommy Makeover. I'm scheduled to have my procedure done in July 2016 and I can't wait." Dr. Meger does a great job with whatever you might need. He and his staff are very friendly and take great care of each patient. I will update my post after my surgery." "Dr. Meger was recommended by a friend and I'm so glad she did!   I am impressed and LOVE the results from my surgery on 5/31.  Everyone in the office is professional and caring. After my procedure Terrible place where the people make you feel like sh*t about yourself. But then again it's a place run by the church. They weren't supportive and almost made things worse with lies filled with fear. Not recommended at all. This place is AWESOME! They really help women! I felt all my questions were answered. I didn't have any insurance and this was affordable. "Life Choices is always my choice for my well woman check. I have referred them to my friends and clients. The staff is always friendly and have given me great referrals for other services. I chose Life Choices because their fees were less than half the cost of my Previous Doctor but they are not just affordable  I have a huge issue with divulging ""why I'm here"" at the front window while there are other present. I don't appreciate that I fill out a lengthly form and still have to announce why I'm here. That's personal information. So improvements are: Ensure staff are there because they care and not just for a job and don't ask me what I'm there for in the open. Otherwise this clinic is clean "If I could give less than 1 star I would. I went to Dr. Kwark for the first 5 months of my first pregnancy and it was probably the worst experience of my life. As I said it is my FIRST pregnancy so... maybe for people on baby 3 or 4 she might be a good choice but for me it was awful. She never explained ANYTHING that was happening or that she was doing to me. I never even got information on what I could eat! I had a really really rough start and she never tried to work out what was wrong or help me in any way. She would make vague statements about things being abnormal or odd and I should see this or that specialist and set me to panicking  but I can tell you that what she had is definitely not normal. I and several people I know go to this doctor and she's absolutely wonderful." Its a blissful visits always .. very good at giving suggestions and time to new moms and dads Doctor was nice and staff is nice but I would have taken the wait a lot better if they just said - hey the Doctor is running late."  calming my fears and helping us understand everything that was going on.  He helped us make choices about the pregnancy and how we wished to deliver.  He listened to my concerns and made me feel like he was taking me seriously "I saw Dr. Kaufman for my first 2 pregnancies. He's very understanding & even talked with me about struggles outside of pregnancy "I've been in health care for a decade and THIS is the only pediatrician office I know of that is open 6 days a week year round and 7 days a week during the cold/flu season! Not only was my kid's appointment honored ON TIME but I was in and out in half an hour! Oh  not to mention my son was given unnecessary x rays of his brain and prescribed harsh mrsa antibiotics he never needed  they're open on the weekends! Who does that? I feel 100% confident about recommending them." "I feel very lucky to have found Pediatric Associates. I've heard horror stories from other friends about experiences with their pediatricians so I know how rough finding the right doctor can be. A friend recommended Dr. Padrez so I decided to give him a shot. From our first visit I have felt nothing but confidence in him. He has a great demeanor with my son and I have so far had a very healthy little boy. What I like most about the office is how efficiently they get you in and out on time. There is no need to get there more than fifteen minutes prior to your appointment. Having waited over an hour at other doctor's offices  kind and willing to answer any questions. I've never had a bad experience here and that says something because I am very picky with Dr.'s offices especially if they are caring for my daughter."  false promises to send to referral dr.s and finally a decision Dr Lersch would not support a referral to a speech therapist even though he diagnosed him as tongue tied. What a run around!" "We have been going to Dr. Lersch for 12 years and we love him.  I don't love the PA they have there.  She has been rude and not very helpful every time I have seen her.  The first time I saw her was the first time my baby was sick enough to bring her to the doctor   she would have to see another dr. Because he was always booked. My daughters 16 months and she's seen her dr. Only about 3 times out of the 10 she's been to the drs. Not to mention everytime they have another dr look at her it was another 76 patient establishment charge I had to pay.  That was ridiculous.  When I called in to ask if I should bring my daughter in asap  but apparently this office believes so. Without being offered a reasonable explanation I can only assume that this office enjoys a nice financial backslapping arrangement with the hospitals that refer the patient whom they are accepting." I am never returning and would advise if your child is really sick Doctor Lococo is Great... secretaries are pretty unfriendly :( they should hire friendlier staff Office is pleasant and organized. Great experience with new doc - Dr. Joshua Millstein. He took the time to listen and explain things. I love Dr. Millstein! He is the best! He is very kind and compassionate. When I'm sick and feel vulnerable and upset it helps to know that I'm in good hands with my doctor. The ladies at the front are very sweet as well. Dr. Joshua Millstein is AMAZING! He is a wonderful doctor and a kind man. He is the kind of doctor that legitimately cares. If you want a great doctor he is the one!  he actually listens to what you have to say.  He follows up on his patient's. He saved my husband's life. If it were not for Dr Millstein _SZwP-ddcBpw7aZsCQKSww please contact me! Lawyers too! This man must account for his actions and inactions and must be stopped!"  please help me (and all of us affected)!"  ""How is your day?"" or ""How have you been?"" Worst patient treatment. They never seem to keep things on record for the life of them. I came with my mom only for a referral for a skin doctor and have already waited 20 mins to get taken back "worst doctor's office I have ever been too. They let the  answering machine answer calls for days on end and never call back! Left 5 messages. Prescribed me a medicine my insurance doesnt cover and 3 weeks later still have not changed it  for anyone out there looking for a podiatrist Thank you yelp. Thank you Gabi. For this foot friendly find!"  so I took a chance and went to see him.  I was impressed with his courteous staff and knowledgeable nurses.  I went to see him because I had an ingrown toenail.  I was nervous because I would soon be going on vacation and wanted to make sure it wouldn't hinder my ability to walk.  He did an excellent job and I was back walking in a day with no problems afterwards.  Not only are his skills superb Dr. Lowry was awesome. Great bedsides manner and more than willing to answer any question I had. He worked wonders with my foot Spurs. Wouldn't recommend anyone else!  this time to treat an ingrown toenail.  I really like Dr. Lowy and the procedure went very smoothly. My only complaint : I had the procedure right before a long weekend the night of my procedure was the hardest because when the numbing wore off it did burn. but I woke i love you the next morning with absolutely no pain! I had one day off and back to work the next and I've been wearing my nikes and everything has been great. I'm so glad I got this done. please go to Dr. Lowy if you have foot and ankle problems. you will be taken care of and you will be problem free afterwards. if you are getting something done like me or need this done I would not recommend this office to anyone. I have met several other pregnant women who have also switched doctors after visiting them." I will say that the nurses I've experienced there are a little short and lacking personality  how I felt and to answer my questions.  His nurse is a doll and she always takes the time to get to know me and where I am at emotionally on the process.  This office is dedicated to the goals of the patient and focused on real care.  While there is a bit of a wait nEaJwY77drRqQkJqcd9LRg  and I will now have to wait until my next menstruation to discover more information about my ovarian cysts and polyps due to their oversight."  but that doctor basically beat around the bush to tell me I was miscarrying instead of telling me flat out.  My husband literally played 20 questions with that doc to get a simple answer.  It was ridiculous.  Also in Novemeber I had the office call me on two different ocassions to reschedule because they made a ""scheduling error"".  As far as I'm concerned thats something they should fix since people take time off to make appts in the first place.  Fast forward to today  has always made me feel comfortable during an uncomfortable moment. Sometimes the wait is really really long which makes it tough for work. Stick with early AM appts and the wait shouldn't be too long."  who also enjoy seeing her. Two thumbs up to Julie and the staff at Camelback Women's Health!"  he managed to get her out and keep me calm at the same time. He genuinely cares about seeing the baby and having ultrasounds. Unlike many other doctors he doesn't hold back on ultrasounds This place is a mess.  Expect to wait an hour after your appointment time.  The front office personnel is incompetent.  Very disappointing. Over all this place is extremely unprofessional and is not a good choice for a first time mom or any mom. They obviously do not have the bedside manner to deal with a difficult pregnancy or with a woman who has to deal with a difficult decision." nEaJwY77drRqQkJqcd9LRg I would recommend Dr. Nelson and the Camelback Women's Health group to women of all ages.  My experience there was 5 star and Dr. Nelson is my doctor from here on out!  Dr. Nelson rocks!" I went into labor at the hospital at 8pm and dilated until about 4 am that morning. Dr. O'sullivan didn't show up until almost 6am. My daughter sat in the birth canal so long that when she was born she was not breathing. My heart dropped when I didn't hear my baby crying. What did the doctor do? Nothing! Absolutely nothing. She stood there looking so confused. The nurses ran the baby over to the table and called a code. Other nurses literally ran in and revived my daughter getting her to breathe. Dr . O'sullivan did not even touch my daughter once while all that happened she just watched. If it wasnt for the amazing staff at good Sam my daughter would not be here or may have had long term effects. Even worse is that the same thing happened to my cousin. Dr O'sullivan was her OB and took a very long time to show up at the hospital as well. My cousin had already had two children so she knew the risks of waiting and told the hospital she's not waiting anymore so go get the doctor on staff. The dr at the hospital delivered her baby with no problems but just imagine if she had waited for Dr. O'sullivan to show up what could have happened." As pleased as punch I had a very negative experience with my first health care center but now I could not be more pleased. Dr. Nelson is Amazing and so kind. I started coming here on the recommendation of a good Friend. Everything is handled in a completely professional manner. Only one time did I have an extra long wait time but it was explained to me when I checked in. the entire staff is professional and warm. they remember you ever time you return and are always smiling. I would recommend this office to any of my friends!!!!  she just wanted to butcher me for her financial sake. As if she had a ballon payment due & I could've been her ticket. It's been 5 months since she & her hospital team threatened I would die. Makes me wonder how many others she has victimized."  even though I was extremely clear about what I was coming in for. I demanded my copay be refunded and left. I do not recommend this practice at all!" Dr. Nelson is awesome! I strongly recommend him. He's very direct and to the point which I'm sure some people don't like but that's my kind of doctor. I had my daughter in January and now he is my go to gyno. I was very pleased with him. I am a first time mom so I had lots of questions and he always answered them. "This place will make u upset every time u come because the wait times are excruciatingly long and nobody here gives a crap about it. The front desk is defensive and rude from the start. I have come here multiple times and waited upwards of two hours. Not exaggerating Lousy! You're a file number.  but she is extremely knowledgable and takes excellent care of her patients. The MA's and all of the N.P's are wonderful as well. I can say that everyone I encountered throughout my pregnancy and postpartum time truly enjoyed their job."  but am torn between letting it go and moving on. At least I can warn others to make a better decision about their healthcare. She is too busy for you at the very least and incompetent at best. Please consider my story in your decision. Thank you."  I finally am seeing a high risk specialist and after the treatment I   received I would recommend that pregnant women find a different office it will save you a lot of stress." Another amazing delivery by Dr. Nelson. I feel blessed to have had such a great Dr. deliver my two babies. I will be back for number three.  Lisa nurse)but the all the staff are just so unprofessional and not here to help. Hope the staff get there stuff together."  ""I already waited four hours and took two trips to see you and you're very unprofessional I was told to leave when I was on time for my appointment but you can make me wait for four hours and two trips for a referral.  That is so self-fish and uncaring!  I called to tell him it would be great for wasting my time and disrespecting a single mom whom gets NO child support or government help that since he wasted fours hours of my time at Christmas he could waive the $75.00 co pay since my insurance paid him.  He can't remember.  Well....guess what!  I do!  He also said when my results came since my tumors in my uterus were so bad he would call as soon as he received results.  HE NEVER CALLED EITHER!  DO NOT GO HERE!  BEWARE!"  and you're ruining it because you wouldn't listen to his instructions. It's your fault you had a C-section and I don't think it's right that it's going to reflect badly on him. "" She said something along those lines and left. Her only intention for coming into our room was to spite my wife. I don't think I've ever experienced anything as rude or unprofessional as the actions of Dr. O'Sullivan that night. It was awful." I think working in the medical field is increasingly challenging.  I am grateful for the high quality care we receive in this country.  It's such a better experience if you feel someone actually cares about you.  You will have to do some work to consistently find that experience here."  so they go and have sex with some guy whose slept with 300+ women while you've (she's) been married all those years. And they end up with herpes."" And then she follows that lovely story by telling me ""The only people who are dumber than my teenagers are the 40-something divorced women."" I'm pretty much in shock at this point. So she goes on to say ""... So just be sure and protect yourself and use a condom when you're out there sowing your wild oats"". I could not believe my ears. My family life is falling apart  she recommended I get an ultrasound for my heavy cycles and cramping her office called me and said I needed a biopsy and to make an appointment. I said I was not going to make an appointment for something that serious until I A) know the results of my ultrasound and B) I speak to Erin 0'Sullivan. They proceeded to tell me that she would speak to me at my appointment.  What...?? I've have never been treated that way by a doctor ever. I think the courtesy of a call from her was warranted. I have moved on to Mayo Clinic and I am so happy! There was no need for a biopsy! And "This is a horrible clinic with unscrupulous doctors and impolite staff. I was lucky enough that I found out how terrible Dr. Kathleen Schwartz was before my delivery. They are extremely unethical  the receptionist was talking to someone else in the background and not paying attention to me. She was short and rude. I get you are busy but this is the type of place where you want to feel important especially because this will be my first pregnancy. If I can't even get through now Wanted to go here because it's so convenient location wise but definitely worth the drive to find a staff that still treats their patients with courtesy and respect." I will continue to stay with this practice because of the great care from the physicians and NPs I am forever grateful for Dr Schwartz being so respected in the hospital and so knowledgeable. I truly believe that my delivery would have been high risk if it wasn't for her. I will never go to another doctor."  horrible acne and horrible mood swings). She also wanted to argue with me on this one. My primary back home for eight years has NEVER done this or made me feel inept at choosing my birth control. She certainly did not deny me the option to be on it. I needed to schedule a follow-up appointment (it took them a day to call me back) and I scheduled this. I asked if prior to that appointment (in two weeks) if I could come get on some form of birth control. To my surprise  and kind. I came in for my yearly pap and to discuss birth control. Britney and Jen were amazing! The woman at the front desk was also very sweet and clear in her directions. After having a really bad experience at my first OBGYN that I found after moving to Phoenix ZcaBYLRDDY4ecAPDGWBQzA ZcaBYLRDDY4ecAPDGWBQzA  but now I wish I was completely done with them. The nurses are rude and complain about actually doing their jobs. They find filling out maternity paperwork to be a hassle and don't fill it out correctly. When your company calls you to inform you of this the nurse becomes even ruder to you and explain that your not their patient. Well I feel i shouldn't have to babysit and make sure paperwork that was sent back twice now should be completed properly and not blow me off. To top it off my doctor seems to now be a complete space case lately and cant seem to keep up with what week I'm on "This review is for the Camelback office. This office has been very difficult since I started going there last month for my pregnancy.  I was referred by a friend to Dr O'Sullivan and because of an emergency I was only able to get in with Dr De Santo.  I have had about 3 about in a 6 week time.  The three appointments I had made were made to my convenience PS  I see someone seems to have something against my Dr but we can tell your reviewS are fake.  :p" "Went to Julie for Botox injections today. I had picked her because of her training by Allergan the maker of Botox. She is very professional and you can tell that she is an expert in Botox injections. Very pleasant atmosphere I went to see Julie at Camelback Women's Aesthetics 2 weeks ago for some Botox. I have had Botox before and am very familiar with it's use. But I found Julie to be outstanding! I wrote a review soon after receiving the injections but am not sure if it posted. I'm so impressed with Julie that I decided to write a followup to make sure that it got posted. Julie is an Allergan certified trainer for Botox injections and it shows. She is super friendly but more importantly she knows what she is doing. Does not try to oversell the product and is very honest on how much you need. The injections were painless and no bruising. I will return when needed and look forward to it.  she is very personable and makes you feel like an old friend when you come to see her. I would highly recommend her if you are looking to try Botox." I asked if since I lived up the street if I could come back in an hour and was  told ""no"" they would take me back right away.  To do what?  Sit there naked in a gown for an hour and a half?  No thanks!  Will be going elsewhere from now on."  I am always told that someone will be in touch when the results are back.  That has yet to happen.  Usually I wait way past the date someone is supposed to be in touch and then have to call.  Half the time they say they don't have the results back yet but it later turns out that they did.  The left hand doesn't seem to know what the right hand is doing.  I'll keep going there for the quality of the care but they could really use a kick-ass practice manager." The office is conveniently located on Tatum near Paradise Valley. The people who work here are always very nice. Sometimes you have to wait a little while to be seen but at what doctor's office do you not? Last time around my appointment was accidentally scheduled for the other office but they were able to see me here on time anyway.  this was my 2nd c-section so Dr. De Santo cleaned up my previous scar and tissue and left me looking flawless! He truly cares about your overall health as well and will make life improving suggestions to you. Great practice OH his nurse Esther is pretty awesome as well! Don't let being put on h" Looking for another obgyn now." I love the fact that I found this office after having a horrendous experience with another OBGYN (Tara brodkin). I don't know how people complain about the waiting time. I've always been helped in time. The ladies in the front desk are very nice and every time I call I've never been put on hold. They ALWAYS answer your questions. I see Dr. De Santo and he's just simply AMAZIG. I trust him a lot because you can tell how knowledgeable he is. He answers all your questions and gives you a lot of ultrasounds to check on baby. I'm so happy I found a doctor I feel I can trust with my first pregnancy. I wouldn't go anywhere else! Even the lady that draws your blood is such a pro. I'm always scared to death to have my blood taken but I swear she takes like 2 seconds and makes it so quick it's impressive.  and most importantly Dr. Nelson was the best doctor I could have ever asked for. He always listened to my concerns and is extremely knowledgeable and reassuring. I wouldn't have anyone else deliver my babies."  and very over priced.  They tell you that you have to get all these things before you can get what you actually even need to come in for." Love Dr DeSanto and his MA Esther. Lab Corp lady in here is great too! All the NPs I've come across have been wonderful too. Been coming for 4+ years. Also want to say Tracy Innes is awesome.  Thanks!"  and they frequently change insurance policies without contacting their patients about having to find a new office. I have never been so disgruntled with an office experience in my life and I would highly recommend finding absolutely anywhere else to take your business." "I was pregnant and my new dr was O'sullivan. It was my first pregnancy so I was so excited.  The staff was nice buti was always waiting 30 mins to an hourafter my scheduled appointment.  Dr. O'sullivan was always very short with me and made me feel dumb for asking questions.  When I gave birth I was referred to Camelback Women's by my primary doctor. I called to schedule an appointment and the office receptionist was not friendly at all. She also had a tone like she was annoyed that I was asking questions... long story short I did not schedule my appointment with them and I can see that others have had a similar experience. "Been going here 17 years. Can't say enough good things about them. Great practice. Docs Nelson and DeSanto are so good. Very real and take their role in your life seriously. Every NP has been great. Recently saw Stefanie Davis and was again impressed with the level of care this practice keeps providing. From the phone ppl  cancelled on my first appointment about 30 minutes before I was supposed to arrive.  I rescheduled with her and patiently waited 4 more weeks.  When I arrived to my second appointment "I give the office 4 stars because I like Dr. DeSanto.  He answers my questions thoroughly.  He seems to be very calming.  The front desk can be unfriendly at times I see Dawn and she is just wonderful."  I still had a lot of discomfort with vaginal drying.  So I was intrigued with this new procedure. I spoke with the staff about this new procedure and decided to set up my first appointment with Dr. Nelson.  Not really knowing what to expect at the first appointment  however will gladly take my business elsewhere when they could care less about their patients. Look at all the other reviews and go somewhere else where the staff cares about you." I plan to use CWH for more professional and medical services in the future. Keep up the excellent work!" she is the absolute best. I would not go anywhere else. Highly recommend her !!"  he exhibits genuine care and compassion for his patients.  I had a lot of fears regarding a laparoscopic surgery that I needed and Dr. DeSanto was patiently persistent with helping me go through with it.  He performed the surgery yesterday and I am absolutely relieved.  He did not pressure me into having anything done that wasn't absolutely medically necessary and I appreciate that.  My scarring is minimal  here's an update! just had to call for my lab results as instructed by Jodie. The receptionist I spoke to was such a ..... Jodie adv me that it's mandatory I have the results today.! I'm pregnant & need to make sure my hormone levels are where they need to be. The woman on the phone couldn't provide me with the information needed. She was extremely rude. Said she would leave a message for someone to call me & couldn't guarantee that id get a call back today. I have half a mind to just go up there considering this is involving the well being of my child but I'll wait a few hours for the call back."  go elsewhere if you don't want headaches caused by the billing department." I saw Dr Lykin and thought he was very professional. He'll take the extra time needed to answer any questions and he's very friendly. He took the time to checkup on me at the hospital the day after the surgery. The scar after my surgery was very small and other medical professionals have commented on how good it looks. The office does offer forms on their website that you can fill out prior to your visit which is great way to save time. The biggest surprise was the refund I received because I was overcharged for my surgery. The office probably could have kept the amount which was over $100 and I wouldn't have known. So I think their name is fitting.  suppose to have surgery in two days and I canceled both!   The office insisted that I had to pay before the surgery (to the tune of $35)...but they hadn't billed for the kids last appointment.  If they had we would be at our deductible and owe NOTHING!  The lady argued with me about it...I was so upset Complete rip off. They should be ashamed It's too soon to tell how successful this will be in addressing the chronic issues I've been having but all in all  only their wallets.  Take your business and hard earned cash somewhere else.  I know I will." Office staff sucks! The pdf online was not even fillable and the lady behind the desk tried to argue with me about it. They want you to come in every time just so that they can get paid by the insurance company and the rip-off copay of $40. to be in and out in 5 minutes. Also they had the nerve to invite a student doctor without asking me in advance. Stay away from this place.  my son was a good candidate and that I could order the $200+ treatment for 3 months (not covered by insurance) and pay with my credit card over the phone. I did call back (at least twice) to order the treatment and was told I would get another call to pick-up the treatment. My credit card was promptly charged e0B-vLvKxGiGV_pTT7vwcg  I thought Dr. Bailey was good based on my brief encounter with him (which is why I'm willing to give this place a 2nd star). However  the pain in my throat is far worse than the painful tonsillitis I suffered from prior to the surgery.  When I went back and told the doctor about my pain  they asked me to arrive 15 minutes early. I did. It is now 54 minutes past my appointment time and still waiting to be seen. Hopefully He was highly recommended by my doctor but too much hassle and too far for me to drive."  I made 2 phone calls to the office manager and she has yet to return the phone calls. I suppose they are only at their jobs to collect their paychecks as they run the Doctors business with potential patients into the ground. I would not recommend going to this office only because of the lazy office staff. I feel sorry for the doctors that will and have lost patients due to the carelessness of employees." SO MANY MISTAKES!!!  Stay away from this place and it's doctors!  Don't risk your health and well being! I was referred to Dr. Lykins by my dentist for a parotidectomy.  I had seen another Doctor prior and wanted to get a second opinion.  I appreciated the professionalism; the time taken to explain the surgery to me and the follow through after the surgery.  The only negative was the difficulty scheduling an appointment.  I had some concerns about a week and a half after surgery.  I felt like I needed to come into the office or at least have Dr. Lykins call.  I started calling at 8am on a Friday and called 3 more times that day.  No return call until 5pm that night.  I was told I would need to come in Monday at 8am or it would be another week before I could get an appointment.  I ended up going to the Monday appointment but worried the whole weekend.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Lykins! I've tried other ENT's only to be disappointed and see no results for my issue. Within 15 min of visiting with Dr. Lykins I felt I was in the right spot. He diagnosed my symptoms and had a plan by the second visit. I highly recommend Dr. Lykins. I went to several ENT's without relief before trying this one. I was diagnosed and provided options by my second visit. I no longer have the breathing problems I once had. On a side note I never had any issues with the staff.  the staff is not friendly and or attentive. The lack of customer service and willingness to work with you is what will prevent me from returning. They sent my statements to the incorrect address after I requested the address to be updated and never once called or emailed me regarding my bill simply decided to send it to collections." Bottom line;  if you need to see an ENT specialist and want to see a doctor that will actually listen and pay attention to you explaining your symptoms who is very kind and caring Extremely dissapointed doesn't begin to describe my feelings at this point." "Entergrety is a great place and the doctors there are always incredible. They are very hands on and they are always in contact with the patient to make sure that they are always understanding. The office staff has also gotten much better. Trisha on fancy furnishings and decor"  five months later I get an infection and find out I have very large stones in my salivary glands. I am so upset I have been living like this even though it could have been resolved months ago when I went to see him for this very issue. It was a waste of time and money and I would never recommend Dr. Dyer to anyone." Doctors gave a total bs diagnosis so they could basically charge a super expensive surgery. DO NOT USE THIS PLACE an appointment and was seen immediately with respect and not made to feel like an imposition. The results were even better than promised  as a side note: For those of you who get caught up in the suffix of M.D.'s and D.O.'s please don't. I know the old school way was MD's and there is this prestigious entitlement around MDs 0-KOpYSe9aQTAfM38f47HQ "Dr. Chad Campbell is a star among other family practice physicians. He has a caring nature about him and has a very open communication style.  His nurse is fantastic- very very caring and always a good sense of humor. I have had many doctors previously  that I moved my kids from their pediatrician to him while they were in middle school.  His PA is just as wonderful.  They have take great care of my family."  usually replies same day  ( if it were an emergency I would just call)"  and I am overall very happy with Paradise Valley Family Medicine." Lucky Mesa people to have him." I really like this practice.  Dr. Lindsay was very pleasant and honest with me.  My blood pressure was reading higher than it normally has but I have history of high blood pressure on both sides of my family.  I'm extremely active in CrossFit and eat well so she did not jump to the conclusion of putting me on a high amount of medication.  I liked that she wanted to monitor me by putting me on a different diet.  I'm glad that I went with this practice and I plan on making this primary care.  never makes us wait long to see him and listens. He has a good bedside manner and is extremely intelligent. We have always been pleased with his front office staff Looks like I'll be requesting a copy of my medical records and going elsewhere."  and so I will.  I've got an appointment with a new doctor tomorrow afternoon :-).  Maybe it's nothing.  Maybe it's something  it did prompt me to find another practice - ironically in the same complex - at Grayhawk Medical who have turned out to be great."  his advice on all facets of our health is wise and up-to-date  and gave me a very complete exam.  She was very hands on and wanted to be sure I was comfortable with everything we discussed.  I found her to be compassionate and patient.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Paar at Paradise Valley Family Medicine." "I've been trying to call all day and am getting a busy signal. Is this normal? I'm new to the area and am looking for a physician  both personally and professionally. Their online portal is convenient and easy to use  invest your money in seeing a doctor! Your a lot more likely to solve the problem the right way and quicker." 6r8KHqgmlM3PWVZ7suyQ6w  then I had my husband come here for a mole check and I wish I hadn't! He has two super large scars from where she removed the moles--it looks hacked :(  I feel terrible and to top it off  friendly and knowledgeable. I was pleased with my experience." 6r8KHqgmlM3PWVZ7suyQ6w "I agree with the other reviewers. I came in for a mole check and they ended up removing 3 moles  They didn't inform me how much it would be to remove them. I told her my insurance isn't great and I was worried about the cost. I ended up paying almost $1  kind and caring. Many of the dermatologist I have gone to (before meeting Dr. Holy) were more concerned with selling you Botox or the latest facial rejuvenation fad. Dr. Holy cares about Skin Cancer and the only way to be sure is to biopsy a questionable mole.  So ugly scar for a mole that was questionable - too bad - I've had real scars from my melanoma surgeries I have had absolutely fabulous experiences with Dr. Holy. She and her staff are awesome. I had the liquid magic facelift and I feel amazing. Results walking out the door. I totally recommend her for a procedure or even just a full body check. Dr. Holy is a Harvard grad with a huge emphasis on the healthiest approach to looking beautiful and staying beautiful.  She will recommend products that are organic and pure and tell you about the prescription too and give you options.  In my industry you see a lot of Dermatologists and in my opinion Adriana Holy is possibly the best in the Valley."  but am suffering with embarrassing atrophy one year after receiving a cortisone injection. Other professionals have mentioned another means of relieving treatments would have been more helpful and would not have left such a mark :( I guess I am writing this as a reminder to please make sure cortisone is properly diluted  but her office professionalism is horrible. Yesterday her office phoned me to say the PA misread my lab work and I would need to come in to discuss it. Her billing office came over and said they made a mistake accepting my insurance and basically I would need to pay up before getting lab information. They could have told me over the phone of the insurance problem and I would need to pay. I did everything I could to ensure they accepted by insurance I'm really happy that I found this place. I'm amazed about the work I look much younger I recommend it to anyone I'm definitely going to be a reoccurring customer. I love this place and the people. The price everyone can afford. "Thanks to Dr Holy for a wonderful experience!   As an Arizona native who has spent many hours in the sun during the ""pre sunscreen"" era skin changes can be very concerning.  Dr Holy's thorough examination and educational discussion put me at ease and gave me the confidence to help her monitor my skin health.   Caring  doesn't try to sell you something she knows you don't want.  Never feel any pressure to purchase products.  Dr. Holy is so skilled in cosmetic dermatology....AND  then Dr Solbel always fits the bill. He recognizes symptom and correctly diagnoses every time and on even very little information. His arrobance is annoying My husband had never had any issues with his care during all those years "Absolutely horrible!!!!! A family member and I were treated hostilely and unprofessionally for their mistakes and discrepancies!!!! His assistant Richard called screamed Highly dislike this office. Dr Taylor rocks and so does Summer Marshall but their office staff and polices/procedures are horrible. I could go into detail about a couple issues but would rather just say stay away. Can't even get records without a $1.00 per page fee. Also if you have a deductible they make you pay up front before they will even process labs at there lab machine in office. Those are just two little examples. I do not recommend this office to anyone. Dr.Taylor was the last straw---now I am GONE. It is getting tough to find good doctors Kpl6cUmrYMczTDY_2RnctA I love this guy! He's old school and a very competent Dr.!  then I highly recommend him as an excellent practitioner. Make sure you don't let the office staff and other practitioners mis code your visits. It is all about money now that the corporation is running the show!" Dr. Druary seems to be a competent doctor and sometimes rushes through appointments. He tried to change a therapy for me that cost less than $1.00 per day (covered by insurance) to one that cost around $10.00 per day and NOT covered by insurance. I had a side effect from a drug he prescibed. He told me that was not one of the main side effects. Several drug sites list this side effict I experienced as 3 on their lists. He is also dropping my insurance this March. I fired him anyway back in August 2014...he just doesn't know it. Dr. Drury and his PA (Mary Tan) overprescribe narcotics.  We have approached this doctor and his PA several times about this reoccurring issue for my mother who has been hospitalized several times over the past two years for near over-dose. They are all Hispanic and they are wonderful."  I feel like this place deserves one. I am a fairly new patient here and I have to say I'm completely disappointed. Customer service is horrible from the time you walk in to the time you leave. The most disorganized Clinic I've been too. You get called up by a number not even bother saying your name. I was kept waiting in a small hallway before I was even given a room. Not good.  Waited over an hour to be seen. When I finally go the chance to see the doctor I felt like he was in such a rush not really paid attention to my reason for office visit. I needed to come back because he had ordered blood work. When I saw the doctor again he looked completely clueless. He treated me as of I had never been here before did not know my reason for visit again!! Basically just read off the computer things I already knew. I had to tell the doctor what he had prescribed me last time I was here because he did not know! Really he's the one who have it to me. There's so much to say Waited an hour and still didn't see the Dr. Really bad management. I've never seen a doctor office ran this way and I hope to never again. This place doesn't even deserve a start. I had called to make an appointment and still waited over an hours to get seen. Everyone is very rude and after I got up twice to go check when I was going to be see. The receptionist didn't seem to care she went right back to what she was doing and was no help at all. After your taken into a room you still wait there for another 20 min to actually talk to the doc which will only take 10min if that. I don't recommend this place at all they are horrible. This is the last time I go there! Even with an appointment I have waited about 2 hours to be seen.  This place is not professional at all.  The girl at the front desk is very rude (the one with the curly hair that sits on the left) rolled her eyes at me as if I was a bother.  One time I called on a holiday and some guy answered with his music really loud and said the office was closed.  I will be switching Doctors office... I'm scared even to do my blood work there since they don't even wear gloves when taking out your blood.... An inspector should look into this clinic.  I called & was told I would get a call back with the info on Monday. Nothing. I then researched and found a place myself. I was seen there and everything went well. I then set up the surgery. After the successful surgery  and they were there for my mom when before she had to head into surgery. For all their small faults Worst place to receive medical care. Unprofessional individuals that lack of knowledge. I had to wait hour and half after my appt time because the Dr was at lunch according to the assistant. Air conditioning wasnt working in the patient room. Dr. didnt take the time to acknowledge our concerns instead prescribed antibiotic without further examination.  then an intern asked me a few unecessary questions. When I finally did see the doctor he rushed through some questions for about 5 minutes. There business model seems to overbook people and make them wait like cattle. They feel like they can get away with it because most of their patients are Mexicanos who speak English poorly or don't know how to complain. I cancelled my follow up appointment and switched doctors because I don't fee like being treated like a second class citizen. Son una desgracia."  sugar and sodium. Set up an appointment for a physical at 11:20. Arrived 10 minutes early. 2 hours spent waiting and still haven't been called. This place is a joke. Never again." I have to say a lot of the reviews are true as far as the wait but I love my doctor. Dr Alejandro Lopez is wonderful. I have been going here for almost 2 years and despite the inconvenience of the wait I stay. Dr Lopez is caring and spends the time it takes to help me. Everyone at the front desk and elsewhere has always been kind and caring. I believe they do the best they can and try to help as many as they can. It is not always possible to have an appointment when you need medical care. A star is not even necessary.  If you can afford to go see a better doctor Yes it's affordable. But waiting two hrs for very minimal contact w the Doctor seems a lil ridiculous. They told me to call to get my results and now the girl is saying to go pick them up. Pretty unprofessional environment. You'd think they would set an appt so you'd have to wait an hour tops. Wish the doctor wasn't in such a rush to get me out of their it did feel stressful and unpleasant. I'm not happy with them but it's hard to beat the price w no insurance.  they do not pay for LabCorp.  They use Sonora Quest.  I talked to three different agents and they all said the same thing.  They will not pay for LabCorp.  It's clear that the clinic used the wrong lab and now I'm responsible for over $800 in medical bills.  If they used the correct lab But overall Dr Gloria i see is a great doctor ! Worth the hassle"  the girl simply asks for my credit card instead of apologizing for her error. A few days later I get a bill in the mail for $75 for a routine lens fitting which I already paid the copay for! The insurance rep that helped me resolve this expressed her frustration to me as well after she apparently spoke to the same stubborn woman. needless to say It's pretty cool! :) Big smiles :)"  you are lucky if you see (pun intended) the doctor for more than 30 seconds.  Everything in this eye/cataract factory is handled by clerks and techs in training.  I went to another cataract surgeon's office for my other eye and the billing was complete with no surprises and IT WAS LESS.  The doctor was supportive and communicated at length."  I was given a prescription that was way too strong. I had to throw my new expensive glasses away. I ended up going to Q Vision for LASIK. Couldn't be happier. Go here and expect a robocall every day at 5:05."  you know the feeling of wondering if you will ever see again like you used to.  Southwestern Eye Center immediately made me confident that my vision would be fine and they were right.  My family and I will be forever thankful for Southwestern Eye Center." Nice.  I hope they're great eye doctors because they're not so good at the basics of running a business."  and finally see the doctor. Figure at least 45 minutes from the scheduled time of your appt to the time you actually see the doctor. They have no respect for the patient's time." "I was initially introduced to Dr Holemon by a family member and have been seeing him as well as other doctors in his office for the past 4-5 years.  Dr Holemon delivered my daughter and I could not recommend anyone better than who he has on his staff.  The office is warm and inviting and not to mention friendly.  If you are in the market for a new OB-GYN Staff was rude. Couldn't even see the doctor  and supportive. Both my sisters chose him because of my excellent experience and they were happy as well. Dr. Holemon has retired from baby delivery but still does Gyn and I would never leave him. If you get a chance to see Dr. Holmon I highly recommend him. His knowledge Why not  a 5-star?  The front office staff could have been a little friendlier.  They were efficient but I felt like I was barked at Great office! I recommend them to anyone who asks!" "I agree with Kirstin's entire review! I too followed them from their old location & have been going here for about 8 years now. The current location is very nice & clean. The girls up front are nice but Rosie is by far the sweetest. I used to see Dr. Silvia Castro for my annual but I think she has been pretty busy with her new baby & other patients I have lived in Scottsdale for about 3 years now and I have had such a hard time finding good doctors. I have had bad experiences at almost ever doctor's office I've been to. When I went to Cornerstone Women's Health I was so pleased. The office staff were so nice and efficient. I got lost and showed up late but I didn't have to wait at all and they weren't rude about my late arrival. I saw Dr. Pelopida and I thought she was wonderful. She didn't act rushed and she listened to me thoroughly. She was very personable and knowledgeable. I was very pleased with the entire experience and I absolutely recommend this practice. I had to go back in order to complete the reason for my first visit which was to change birth control methods. Now that this is done I am looking for a new doctor as we plan to have kids next year and I would like to know and trust the doctor who will help us through that journey. I would love any suggestions!" Positives: They have a new NP on board who does nothing but step in when others are running behind. I always opt to wait for Gretchen or Dr. Pelopida though so I haven't met her yet. Gretchen is the sweetest  but certainly substandard.  Coming to the lady-doctor isn't my favorite thing to do. It's not comfortable or enjoyable. A good practice in my opinion would compensate with outstanding customer service. Cornerstone could use a little...er a lot...of training in the way of customer service." The appointment ran much longer than expected but there were a lot of steps. So just as a forewarning - this first appointment for me ran 2 1/2 hours!"  I called in to make a pregnancy appointment... Your FIRST appointment is with a Nurse practicioner!!! And than it's 4 weeks till you see a doctor... Im 8 weeks and I have been VERY high risk in that past. Eff that noise! no no no way!!!" "I have been with Cornerstone for over 5 years.  I was newly pregnant with my daughter and Dr Castro was the best!  The NP is so caring and the front office is pleasant.  I continue going and as long as I plan ahead Bottom line: I'd look elsewhere." "I was recommended by my Dr. here. I waited 3 weeks for my appointment because of The paperwork for first Appointment. I get to my Appointment and they tell me a different time ""we would have to re-schedule"" If it were't for the other assistant she wouldn't have even asked the Dr. To try to see me. She was very rude and acted very immature. I wish I would have gotten names I have been very happy going here.  This is my first child and I was referred here by a friend who also goes there.  They have all been very pleasant.  but no wifi really sucks when you are stuck here for a 3-4 hour glucose tolerance test!!!!" Bye bye Cornerstone :(" Thank you Cornerstone staff for helping me feel solidified in my decision to transfer to a new better office/Dr. I will not miss your attitude or your lack of common sense. CHEERS!"  but no doctor is worth how horrible this front office and billing staff is.  I have been here for 6 years and they all have a huge attitude and are incredibly difficult to communicate with about anything!  They are rude from the second you walk in - no warm welcome for sure.  They put a prison wall up around the physician  I was extremely comfortable and at ease.  He actually took the time to talk with me (which some doctors do not make a priortity) so that he can explain his background and to get to know me and my concerns.  He is extremely knowledgeable and gave me very important information that I need to know as a woman at my age (38).  I highly recommend Dr. Holemon for his experience as a doctor HORRIBLE.  I have been a patient here for 3 months and each time I have an appointment there has been a huge inconvenience at the office.  The Dr.'s and nurses are great it's the rest of the office that needs to get it together.  On two separate occasions I have had appointments set and have had to leave the office and come back due to them not being organized.I Thought That Was The Point Of An Appointment.  Then they have this automated system that calls and tells you test  results and reminds about upcoming appointments and the system would be great except the office staff keyed my social security number in wrong so it calls and calls me all day long and I can't review the message.  I've asked the staff numerous times to correct my number in the system or take my out completely and they have yet to do so. I do not recommend this place to anyone.  because the PATIENTS before you were late. Try to get a morning or right after lunch appointment if you want to reduce your wait time! Be patient & kind to them  I got them the information and the procedure scheduled. When the day finally came for my 4:00pm appointment I got there at 3:55. I get told my appointment was at 3:40 and they won't see me because they filled the time with another patient. I let them know I had this scheduled for the time that was arranged and that I didn't even get a confirmation call. The office manager didn't do anything to fix the situation and the doctor said she wouldn't see me even though it was their error. The best thing they have done for me was give me a records release form. Let's see if they can get that right." 9xpYUYI4wbNA4XufvVfKzQ I'm a fan because of the doctor and if she changed centers I would probably follow her. There could be areas of improvement for the center but because of how close they are to my house and hospital  and she hung up on me. I started to call back and I asked myself ""why""? Called my my doctors office and they recommended me to another fantastic doctor with a lovely receptionist that got me in stat. The doctor might be great if you could get past the rude staff." I will always be thankful to Dr tina pelopida." Love my doctor and most of the nurses. Can't stand Trina. And the front desk is horrible. All the women that work there just sit and talk poorly about people they're dealing with on the phone. The wait is always excessive and it doesn't matter if you're early or on time. And if you're late by even a few minutes you can bet that you'll wait at least an hour. If it weren't for my doctor I wouldn't come back because I hate dealing with Ashley at the front desk. She never has a smile and always has an attitude whether it's in person or on the phone. I've been coming here 10 years and seriously if not for my doctor I would find somewhere new.  without the arrogance. She will give you piece on mind and confidence. We moved 25 miles away and you bet I'm going back to her this time as well. She did such a fantastic job with my emergency c section last time "I was a patient of Dr. Castro. 7 months into my pregnancy I developed a severe case of pelvic gurdle pain and carpal tunnel in my left hand (diagnosed by another physician) to the point where my bed had become our downstairs couch and  I couldn't even get up to use the restroom unless I used a walker my family wasn't home to help me.  Dr. Castro not once asked me about my symptoms and was already gone out of the room   before I was able to explain it to her and just referred me to a Physical Therapist to diagnose and treat me. I found out from their receptionist that they had only seen two pregnant patients within then past few months. They had me lay on a heating pad the entire time. After the two visits that she partially suggested and two copays later I saw no reason to keep going back there. When the time came for me to submit the paperwork for my short term disability claim to be excused from work with half of my pay Dr. Castro wanted me to come back to the office a little over a week after I had just seen her He can be very straight forward and sometimes a bit blunt even.  He does seem to care about his patients and comes across as very knowledgeable as he has pointed out things that no other doctor has.  I am rather impressed so far.  I look forward to seeing you soon." If you are looking for a good PCP then I suggest you check out DC Ranch Family Medicine." This is my doctor and he is the BEST. He listens and does not push medication down your throat. He is involved and truly cares. Seeing a psychiatrist is new for me as I've only had one prior to Dr. Bueno due to moving. I heard Dr. Bueno was great; he is! He and my prior Doctor are like night and day. If you want off your medication; Dr. Bueno wants you off your medication too and he will help you along the way! Horrible! My son was referred to this guy and he seemed ok at first but then when my son called to get another appointment the dr wouldn't see him and they would give no reason and waited until only a few days prior to the appointment instead of letting him know at the time he called or soon after.  it says so in their on call service and I could hear someone in the background saying ""I'll fax in their prescription."" Yet they REFUSE to fax it simply because it is an online ordering service rather than a brick and mortar one. Absolutely disgusted with this practice and will be encouraging my wife to go elsewhere." I been going to Dr. Fauer for over 25 years. He is an amazing doctor. He explains things well and takes time with his patients. "Dr. Fauer is in my lifetime - the best doctor I have had.  I've NEVER felt rushed or insignificant.  This is the doctor that you want in your corner when something is wrong because he is like a Sherlock Holmes - he doesn't leave a stone unturned and is extremely thorough.  He is very down to earth.  I walk out feeling like I saw a doctor that ""practices"" exceptionally.  His staff follows up in a timely manor with results as needed." "Every time I come in I wait for more than 15 minutes from my appointment time. I arrive 10 minutes prior to my appointment to see if I get called back early or on time but that never happens. And on top of that I wait another 15-30 minutes. One time I left the room to ask how much longer I had to wait and I saw one of the doctors chatting in the hallway. They are nice doctors but the wait time is horrible. I have tried to go at different times of the day to see if the wait time is less  the office atmosphere is very tense and not too friendly.  They are not organized at all.  I have been waiting since last week for them to fax a copy of my son's lab results to the new doctor's office.  I have called multiple times and they still have not done it  and I never feel rushed.  He takes his time explaining everything and makes sure all my questions are answered.  We interviewed several pediatricians when we were pregnant with our first child and no one even compared with Dr. Dorame.  Highly  will refuse to see anyone else as we continue to be misdiagnosed by any other doctor. Really frustrated and at the point of taking our family to another provider all together as it is nearly impossible to be seen by the one good doctor on staff. Front desk is nice and courteous but my children's health is our priority and we are not happy." Love this place. We've been taking our boy here for about 9 months now (since he was born.) They didn't offer services to the hospital I was at (but that should have changed by now.) We tried a majority of the doctors there and settled on Dr Gutman. She's amazing with our boy and very down to earth. The staff here are always friendly and helpful.  they truly do like what they do and they do a great job." We've recently worked with Jennifer Valentine and she was amazing!" The location is actually out of the way for me  instead of ask generic questions and check boxes without even looking at your child which was my experience at a past practice. I highly recommend them!!"  but she loves Dr's Curley and Golner.  They have a great way with kids!" The receptionist is rude and should really consider setting a better tone for the patients.  left a message. I needed records for alternate care for Monday. We went to the office at 8am on Monday and requested the records again. After a little wait I was told the lady won't be getting around to it that day. I told them I was in a bind. They didn't care. Had the care provider fax a request. No response. It's now Wednesday - no response. Terrible customer care." Good response from office staff as well as the doctor. They treated our kid really well and the medicine shot given to my kid really worked.  I've complained to my insurance company and plan to file a complaint with my credit card company to get a refund "Love Dr. Duong!  Have been seeing her for years.  It is like seeing a close friend- she remembers everything from year to year and has a very laid back beside manner.  She has recommended labwork every year since I was 25 "Eh. I had selected Shannan Murphy for my new PCP. She doesn't take the time to learn about her patients  anyone who knows what it is like to to have to drive to a lab for your doctor knows what I mean. Although I hate going to the doctor I have been very happy with this office Minor annoyances aside  do NOT schedule with Dr. Luis M Irizarry.  He doesn't care about anything but herding cattle in and out the door so he can make as much money as possible in a given day." Dr Rebbelke is the worst doctor ever. Very rude and suggests hippy alternatives. No one goes to doctors for hippy alternatives. Front staff also pushed multiple people in front of me extending my wait to an hour past my appointment time. Why bother having appointments if your walk ins get priority. I have a new born and see Dr Berkowitz. The staff has been great with placing me in an exam room right away so I do not have to wait in the lobby. So far I am very happy here  weight and cholesterol.  Dr. Walter Kmiecik not only required me to schedule a follow up visit in order to get the form completed (two office visits for one form) but he ordered every single blood test imaginable which cost me $400 in lab work not required by my insurance company.  Then Terrible place . Said my issue wasn't an emergency that the Dr . (Dr. Banuelos) Would see a patient. Upfront lady (Tamara) was not caring nor worried about my needs. I don't recommend this place to anyone and I feel sorry for anyone who is seen here !! "I am new to Arizona so my family and I need to find a new doctor. I am so pleased to say the office woman was so patient PS... she said that she was ""not at all concerned about me or my safety"" and was only worried about me blacking out because I might hurt someone else if I black out while driving... even though I told her that I only black out after standing for a long time "Horrible family practice. Dr Shilpa Gujrathi is a terrible physician who ignores your symptoms. You will end up waiting to be seen for nearly an hour and then receive subpar care. My suggestion- find a more reputable family practice. This one is terrible. You'll die if you truly have something that is terminal because they will not care enough to figure out what is wrong with you. Protect yourself  rapid shallow breathing and dehydrated was diagnosed as kidney infection. Sent to ER for rehydration. ER diagnosed significant pneumonia (no kidney or urinary problem) and admitted patient after reviewing blood work." "Wow. Where do I begin? I've been sitting in the waiting room here for AT LEAST 20 minutes and the fact that Ive had so much time to even write this review is ridiculous. the man in front of me just asked what's taking so long for his appointment The doctor never even introduced herself or asked my name.  didn't listen at all.  seemed like she was just reciting from a textbook.  most days the entire staff seems irritable and overburdened. My regular physician S Walter Kmiecik is fantastic and very helpful but beware if you have to do a walk-in to see a random doctor. I was seen by ""Judy Ann Duran"" recently and she was extremely uncaring and tried to get me through the door as quickly as possible. She only looked at my chart and refused to engage in any actual conversation whatsoever. She even responded in a visibly annoyed way when I asked one additional question and stated that I'd have to come back and see my primary doctor before I could even finish my sentence. While I was walking myself out I decided that I'm going to try some place better." I am beyond disgusted with this situation and would advise any prospective patient against getting involved with Dr. Williams."  but it's because he takes the time needed with each patient. I just take something to read because it's worth the occasional wait to fix issues that I have been to numerous doctors and specialists to fix. His ability to dial in the acupuncture needed is amazing." 