A new and wonderful experience." Puff and Fluff is the best.  Try it out for yourself!"  and I couldn't be more pleased.  They have a new customer!  And she also does pick up & delivery plus pet sitting!!" The new owner Liz and her team are the best and the place is beautiful and clean.  Thank you for making it a wonderful experience."  whether you are stopping by for a quick nail trim or a full grooming service.    Both Kelly and Liz will talk with you to understand exactly what kind of cut/ grooming you are looking for-- they don't just assume or give you what they want.  The customer is always first at the Puff and Fluff.  Support your local business owner and stop by the Puff and Fluff!" "My neighborhood had two grooming shops and I didn't like them since we got our poodle mix 3 years ago. So I have been driving 15 miles to a person that both my dog and I sort of liked. Now a shop in the neighborhood shop is under new ownership and the groomer Kelly did the best job on my dog  but Puff and Fluff will be our last!  We are customers for life!" I'm happy to report they were very sweet with my skittish mutt and gave him a very nice cut.  I'm completely happy with the people and their work On a side note they also sell some great locally made dog treats that Shelby just loved. Love the idea!! I will always use their services!!!" This shop is delightful! I don't know what happened but it is something to see now! The people are friendly; they do all sizes of dogs and cats too! I can even bring my dog in just for teeth brushing but why when she can have a whole spa day! This is the only place for my petz! Brought my Yorkie in and they did an amazing job! Making my next appointment now. They clipped his nails bathed and cut and even cleaned his ears. This was one of the best experiences I have had at a groomers and I highly recommend them! The owner(s) and staff are wonderful and our doggie looks great when she's done! They are so caring and thoughtful. I have had no issues getting her in. I trust Puff and Fluff with my precious doggie." There is a new owner - not the same took my dog for a nail trim and he was cut to the quick!!:((( never had this happen with previous owner!!  very detailed on the grooming and great rates. My only complaint is the parking lot is a little tight!"  and my dogs have never looked so happy and ""confident"" after their groom! They were cut just perfectly and it could tell they weren't dying to leave right away like other grooming places. Now they have day care which we will be sure to attend a couple days a week :) definitely a place to check out if you want high quality service at a great price"  he looked WONDERFUL!  The groomer was so nice and everyone that worked there was so friendly.  They took time to answer questions for me about the breed and even offered suggestions on ways to help him get accustomed to grooming.  I would HIGHLY recommend Puff and Fluff to anyone.  They do a fantastic job and took great care of Sparky!" Took my two puppy-sons in for grooming for  their first visit here. The staff was gentle and kind. Toby and Rudy had a great day & received great haircuts. We're sold! "I took my 1 year old (and extremely ""happy"") shih-tzu daughter to get groomed after a not so good experience at our regular ""big box store"" groomers... we LOVED the Puff & Fluff experience and we will surely be back!  Plus I still gladly come from Laveen to have my Yorkie groomed. The ladies at puff and fluff are truly amazing. Thanks for making chewbacas visits wonderful. SERIOUSLY AMAZING DOG GROOMING" This place Is so cute!! The groomer made my adorable schnauser even cuter than before!  I didn't think that was possible.  They are nice people and the place is clean and we'll kept.  my shih tzu is partially blind because of this shops negligence. When I noticed my dogs eye I immediately called the owner who denied any potential wrong doing. Coincidentally my dog was fine before I dropped him off but when I picked him up he all of a sudden either got burned by a blow dryer or cut with scissors per the vet... ON HIS EYEBALL!!! I'm certain it happened at puff n fluff. The owner sounded concerned for his health and said she would follow up in a few days after the vet visit ... Here we are three months later and still no call. Sad because I went there for more than 6 years and no longer feel safe there. Highly recommend looking for alternate groomers."  as beloved family members.  Their rates are very reasonable too." "I've been taking my dogs to Puff & Fluff for a few years now and I would never take my dogs anywhere else. I love this place and they have always been accommodating. I know I can count on them for a last second nail trim or a bath.  They are super sweet and gentle and patient with all 5 of my dogs I found this place and decided to give it a try. They were very friendly while booking my appointment and when I arrived. My dog seemed instantly comfortable. They were timely and courteous and my dog looked GREAT when I picked him up. I will be back!" "Wow what a great groomer. Fluffy has never looked better. The prices are competitive and the service was amazing. A bit hard to find "Liz is amazing! Such a wonderful person and business owner! The way she treats her clients is unheard of now a days. I highly recommended that if anyone is looking for a great groomer "I use Puff & Fluff for grooming and pet sitting.  I can share that Liz (owner) and her team are the best you can get!  I only trust her for pet sitting as I am very particular about leaving my dog's care in the hands of anyone other than myself.  She is attentive  easy to find and easy drop off/pick up.  In and out!  Bongo's hair cut looked the best it has ever looked!  He was came home calm and happy." Puff & Fluff is an adorable local business. The staff is always extremely friendly and they are more than willing to support local animal welfare organizations. Puff & Fluff graciously donated a raffle basket to us at AZK9.org to help raise funds for a dog needing and ACL repair surgery and attended a recent luncheon fundraiser on their day off. This is truly a business that cares about helping out in the community in addition to offering professional and wonderful services for pet owners.  nor did my vet. You would have known had you followed up as you said you would. It's your conscience that needs to be cleansed I highly recommend Puff&fluff for both grooming and pet sitting." Seriously - you guys are amazing!"  which means they can get her in/out in less time.  That's super important for her at this stage of her life.  I'm not one to leave our girl with just anyone and Liz makes me feel very reassured.  She texts me pictures of her while getting groomed.  Also Elizabeth the groomer is excellent as well.  She met me at my car just to make sure she had a chance to chat with me about how everything went.  I couldn't say enough kind things about both Liz and Elizabeth.  Not only did they do a great job on grooming but their caring and compassion sets them apart from most places.  I didn't realize but they are one of a few groomers that will groom elderly dogs. They both have the experience and are more than happy to help.  I highly recommend them hoping that you have the same great experience we've had."  and knowing that my 4th would be lonely they suggested that I let her go to. Liz had my 4th dog hang out with her and her two dogs all day long in the greeting area even though the 4th was not getting groomed! The owner of this place puts the animals in her care above everything else. I know my animals are safe at P&F. Anyone who says otherwise is crazy..." Awesome place! Melissa was so incredibly sweet and attentive to our little puppy. She was kind and very gentle while she took our dog back to get groomed. She was friendly and even texted us a picture of our dog to let us know she was all settled and doing great. Being that she is our baby it was very comforting and consideration her to go out of her way to make sure we knew our dog was ok:) The haircut was great and our dog was very happy when we picked her up! We found our new place for grooming! This was the first groomer we tried out in the Phoenix area. They had good reviews on yelp and good prices so we gave them a try. I was not impressed and left really missing our groomer back in CA. I asked for my dog's tail to get special attention. She was given back to me with matts still in her tail and her face hadn't been cleaned thoroughly. Pretty disappointed will not be returning. I love this place and you will too!" These people are just amazing!! My dog is easily excited and can be a little hard to handle at times. The people at this shop are pros with my Luna. They have a way of greeting her even when she is all jumping that just gets her to calm down. The staff calls when she is ready. The communication is fantastic!! Of course when I pick her up Luna is beautiful and happy! I am delighted to use and refer this fabulous spot!!  and I feel at peace while at work knowing that my ""children"" are in good hands :) I wish I knew about this company sooner!!!!" "I moved a few months ago and was looking for a groomer in the neighborhood.  I went on YELP and found a great first time deal for Puff n Fluff who were just down the street. I have a Brussels Griffon and it is hard to find a groomer that understands just how to do a Brussels cut and actually listens when I say I want her body short but her beard long! I also had a dog I had just rescued who was very shaggy and needed a shave badly! I brought both dogs in for a clean up. Just a few short hours later I got a call from Melissa saying everyone was ready- I was surprised how they had squeezed me in on short notice and also got done so quickly! Not only was I given a first time client discount on my Brussels  Millie was well taken care of and looked adorable at pick up.  Thanks for taking care of my baby (my 3rd child)." Fantastic business - the best in town!!! I so appreciate the love and care these ladies provide to my kids when I drop them off. They always look AMAZING when they come home with cute hair or clean teeth. I am obsessed with my little dogs and hate leaving them with strangers. These gals are like family!!! Brought my dog here last minute! They were able to get him in same day and did a fabulous job! He smelled so good and his hair cut was perfect. The owner was so nice and friendly and the storefront was cute and clean! I will definitely be bringing my dog back. PUFF & FLUFF ROCKS! :)" It was a great experience and i would definitely recommend to everyone.  I looked and looked for a professional groomer that would take extra special care of my extra special baby (my kids joke and say I love my dog more than I love them). I found Puff & Fluff though yelp and I couldn't be happier! I now bring all my animals (2 dogs & 2 cats) for their regular grooming here and couldn't be happier! My parents rescue cats (they currently have 15) and they brought their elderly cat here to be shaved because of mats and they are over the moon happy with their services also! So happy we found you and we will gladly refer you to all of our friends and family!" "I took my two a bit difficult German shepherds in for a bath and nails and they did a great job. They also said my dogs behaved well. I'm sure they lied  too! And he always comes back looking great.   Puff & Fluff is more than just a pet groomer. They are a local business worth supporting  and in this case I get great service at competitive prices Puff & Fluff is great! I have taken Sparky here three times and they are amazing! It is so easy to set up an appointment and they text you when your pup is ready! SO convenient! They ask you how you want your pup to be groomed and do not assume you want the usual. You can see where they keep the dogs as well which is such a plus and makes me feel even more happy to keep my dog there. The staff are so incredibly nice! I strongly suggest Puff & Fluff!  whether you're  getting a groom or boarding. Right next to SR51 @ Bethany home & 16th street makes it convenient too. Nice people here with genuine love for all things furry.Always a great experience for my dog We're extremely pleased with Puff & Fluff's pet sitting service."  to Puff & Fluff. I was very specific about what I wanted and they gave us exactly what we asked for! Waffles is a soft coated Wheaton Terrier mix and does not have the very dense coat of a purebred but I wanted that same classic Wheaton cut. They did such a great job with keeping the length even all over his body I just had my 2 cats Miller and Lite's 1st teeth cleaning anesthesia free at Puff and Fluff. They did AMAZING and everyone here is so nice. I would recommend them HIGHLY!!! Can't think my girl Melissa Simpson enough!!  and will spread the word amongst my friends!" I have been bringing my 13 yr old nervous dog here since August for grooming and hair cut and each experience has been great- my  dog comes home calm and clean - the staff are polite and professional- cost is reasonable about $35 before tip. The only con is the parking lot can get really crowded.  I texted for an appt. at Puff and Fluff on Monday and received a reply even though this is the day they are closed.  I was able to get an appointment the next day.  As this was my first appt for me at Puff and Fluff We took our Shih tzu in this morning for a much needed cut and grooming and they did a great job. He was ready in just a little over an hour and he looks like a new dog.  I would definitely recommend.  time that I wanted.  I was greeted by the groomer and the receptionist.  Everyone there was very friendly.  The groomer took time to ask me questions and show me examples so that I was able to get the exact cut for my dog that I wanted!  She was awesome!  The price was exactly what I expected.  $45 for a wash "These people are fantastic! They squeezed me in on short notice on a Saturday. It was Griffey's first time and he loved them. More importantly Very happy I found Puff and Fluff for my babies.  Took all 3 of our dogs for a bath yesterday and the girls looked beautiful when I picked them up.  They all smelled AWESOME too.  The people who work there are all very friendly and so nice.  We will definitely be taking the girls back there again and again.  I HIGHLY recommend this place and will not go anywhere else now.  THANK YOU.  and assured me they would call me if my kitty had any issues. I got the call about 2 hours later that she was ready to get picked up. They said she did great "Great vibes here :) Dilly looks super fab with his new do. $50 for a springer spaniel. Fair prices. Thank you! Oh yeah So I will continue to bring my little angel  to Puff and Fluff and glad I found them." "Easy to get an appointment. Really nice. Reasonably priced "Puff & fluff is such a weight off my back! I try to travel as often as a can but having a dog sometimes holds me back I left my dogs in their care and they came back looking so glamorous! One of my pups is very skinny and it is really easy to cut him but he has no cuts and he was very energetic and happy when he got home. The place is nice and the workers were very friendly. They already knew what I wanted on my dogs from the first time I went so I didn't even need to explain how I wanted their cuts. I'm very happy with their service!  took both my boys there and they came out looking. Looking clean and fluffy. I will definitely be back. Highly recommended this place for taking your pets."  I voiced my concerns and was offered to come in the next day and have the misunderstanding fixed. I am disappointed that puff and fluff doesn't over much for scissoring when it comes to my Aussie. His butt hair was shaved to the length I asked  she has been out and about and very social.  That definitely says to me that she had a non-traumatizing groom and they are concerned not only about the owners but about the pets!"  and did an absolutely beautiful job of grooming our 16 year old Lhasa.  They're very busy (as successful businesses usually are) but appear to handle the volume quite easily.  The front desk person said it would be about 3 hours and it was.  Plus they asked all the right questions about the dog and listened to what I said about her special requirements."  and went back in for my dog. I want the gal who was so cold to know I stopped on my way there for tip money and that her callous  demeanor showed. I did receive a text offering a comped wash but doubt I'll use it. Here's a clue cold lady - the vacuum can frighten the dogs I love this place. My little Charlie always looks so adorable and it's obvious the staff love what they do. Thank you for taking care of my baby!  and teeth. I was just surprised by how different his chin/beard looked. I also found an adorable chihuahua wine-bottle holder for a great deal!"  and my dog looks good and coat feels amazing. Definitely bringing my dog back here. Keep up the excellence!!!!" "Bane and I wanted to say thank you so much for taking care of him today! We both love his summer cut! We've been searching and searching for a new groomer since his old groomer closed "This place is awesome! I brought in my autisitc brothers little Havanese for her first professional cut and she looked better than I imagined! I had been helping him with  grooming her at home but I didn't have time to do it daily or deeply "Very conveniently located for me. They are friendly and my dog comes out clean and groomed as I expect "A very friendly staff with prices that are very affordable. You can't ask for more than that. Plus  tell me how she did on her visit and text me when she is ready to be picked up. Very easy and convenient. People are very nice and professional as well." "I took my cat Bella up here for the first time and had a absolutely wonderful experience. I was running late for the appointment  add a little smile with that service and Puff and Fluff Grooming gets a five star review."  but I was still pleased with the outcome and they always do a great job when she gets a full haircut/groom."  we were looking for a reputable shop to take care of his grooming needs.  So thrilled to find a local business that does great work and takes care of our pup!  We are moving to another part of the valley but it will be worth the drive to keep bringing him here.  Highly recommend!" Great service!! My dogs always look and smell great after their visit and the Staff is very friendly and you can tell they like what they do. My pups are a bit high strung and they have settled in nicely coming to Puff N Fluff. I recommend them for sure!! My Labradoodle looked great and didn't want to leave....what else do I need to say.   We have a new groomer! Our new groomers! So happy with the way our dog looks and everyone was so nice and warm.  as she hates regular trimming and gets nervous about anything that has to do with her nails. Puff & Fluff did a great job making sure my little girl felt comfortable and safe! I will definitely be coming back for all my dog grooming needs! I was very impressed."  amazing! I took my little Sophia (yorkie) here again for the second time and now I am convinced that this place is so great!! It's a small hidden gem and I am so happy that I found them! The ladies there are great! They welcome me and my pup with open arms and luv on her just like I do! They listen to exactly what I want  but man are they amazing here. She's never been hurt or had her nails snipped too short that they hurt. They are always so accommodating and even after our first time there they remembered by baby. (: love this place seriously. If my chihuahua was long hair this is where I would take her to get groomed." Thank you Liz and Anna. We'll see you again soon." "I took my two cats to be groomed at this salon for the first time.  I dropped them off at 8:30 and they told me they would be done by 10:00.  At 10:00 I got a call saying it would be 10:45 as they weren't dry yet.  I got there at 10:45 and they were done We've definitely found our new groomer!" I recommend this place to anyone looking for a friendly groomer that'll take care of your pets." Very tech savvy place with quick booking through texting and paying service using an iPad that calculates tip for you. Service was great with the owner even texting me afterwards to see how happy I was. My 2 pups got groomed well of course with very subtly perfumed products. They did not come home with any cuts or razor burns. Highly recommend.  or gouges. I really like that they have a separate room for kitties. Anything to make going to the groomer less stressful wins points in my book." The best groomers I have been too.  Bathed and brushed our curly haired labradoodle.  We are growing her coat out and she had some matting.  They took care of it so we didn't have to shave her...yet.  was incredibly prompt in responding to my initial inquiry.  Today was my dog Stewie's 1st experience at Puff & Fluff.  I don't live close to this business so coming down this part of the valley was definitely outside of the norm.  We've had some interesting results with grooming services in the valley in the past.  I fully expected to walk away from this appointment with the same less than desirable results.  Needless to say "I was in between jobs and could not afford to groom my poodle and shizi-poo.  They were so matted.  My usual groomer kept them for 8 hours and finally asked me to pick them up Liz and the crew at Puff & Fluff always do a great job with my baby girl. Would not take her anywhere else!!  always grooming Pecan as I've asked. Pecan seems to enjoy the place. You can schedule appointments via text I love this dog groomer!  They were so great with my dogs!  The two of them seemed happier then when I dropped them off!!!! A++++++++++++++++++  and made her feel so comfortable. She came home so fresh and so clean. Booking an appointment was an ease through texting. Snoopy has found a groomer for life!"  that's exactly how he looked! They were so kind and good with him and he was the happiest pup when I picked him up! Liz even followed up right after to make sure we were happy with everything. It was so quick but they did an amazing job! Even though it's a bit of a drive for us  no service at all.  Had been taking my dog here for over a year for services that include nail trim and it turns out they haven't been trimming as promised (see photo).  Even mentioned and showed the long nails to them when I dropped off today and was still ignored.  Final straw was when I booked a bath and brush with a face trim.  Looks like they got my dog wet but didn't clean him at all.  Eye crusties and dirty whiskers all over his face when I picked him up.  No face trim at all.  Also ignored request to not blow dry out his curls.  Owner has refunded our money but the rest of their staff is untrustworthy and lacks any personality at all.  If you want to get what you pay for "Recently moved to Phoenix and was worried about finding a good groomer for our nervous cat.  The staff at Puff & Fluff were friendly Great experience when taking my yorkie to get groomed here. Clean and my dog is always looking adorable leaving there. All the ladies there are very nice as well! Need to go anywhere else! Great local shop! My dogs' nails look great and the staff was super nice! There's even a little chihuahua who stays in her perch watching over the shop! I took my dogs here yesterday and they were great. Everyone is friendly and knowledgable. Both of them received hair cuts and look good. I would recommend checking them out. "I brought my baby Mac in for his first groom and they were loving and did the most awesome job ever!  It truly pays to stay with local businesses.  Not only will we be back Ug0LxMh0mZ0j0A-QjKzWng  I was so pleased again all around. Bear was happy and looked fantastic and the customer service is spot on. Everyone that I've encountered there is welcoming and accommodating - even with my schedule snafu. They got my little guy in the very next day. My first impression review (originally posted on P&F's Facebook page) is below and it still holds true OH MY GOODNESS. So happy I came here! My Lexy was in major need of a groom and after taking her to Petsmart to get it done her first couple times I was very disappointed. Coming here for the first time both Lexy and I left happy! I could tell they took very good care of her here. She looks so beautiful and I am very happy with the outcome of her hair. Thanks girls at puff and fluff! You truly stand by your name and your astounding customer service! Lexy will definitely be coming back. 5 stars for sure!  the best groomers!! They did an excellent job turning my two ragamuffins (labradoodles) into works of art! Plus Wonderful job grooming Nemo!  He looks so handsome. I am new to AZ and I am so happy I found this groomer. We will be back! Thank you Puff and Fluff for taking care of all three girls!" "Love supporting local businesses like this! P&F does an amazing job getting your four legged friend friend groomed quickly and carefully. The owner is amazing and texts you after each grooming  & sweet to my dogs.  I have tried lots of groomers over the years I'm giving Puff and Fluff a solid 5 star rating. Gypsy seemed to be happy with the experience and it went smoothly. We will definitely be returning!"  and Liz always goes out of her way to make sure that I'm happy.  They may take a little longer than other groomers  even with my husky's double coat. I'm extremely pleased with the service. It was clean and I could tell that these people love the animals!" "Simply the best pet grooming experience I've ever had. Staff was friendly and answered all of my questions. I wasn't too sure what kind of cut I wanted for my pup I've been to Puff and Fluff once and I just made my second appointment because I liked their service so much the first time! They really listened to what I wanted and treated my little princess well! She seemed happy and low stress when I picked her up! Little expensive but they do a worthy job. We've now used Puff n Fluff for more than a year and we continue to be very satisfied. I highly recommend them. Our first time at Puff and Fluff!! They did a great job!! Did exactly what I asked!! We will be back We moved recently and I was looking for a good groomer in the area. I am ""that"" person that cries dropping their dog off at the groomer (she is almost 10 years old I can't say enough for these groomers! We have a plethora of animals and always come away from here EXTREMELY happy! They are always willing to work you into their schedule and always do a phenomenal job! BTW this is a very small place - I drove by it once before I saw it We love this place! It is close to our home and they always do a fantastic job with our dog. Have taken my girl there a few times.  The cut and groom was good. Love this place! We take our little maltese here and he always comes out just the way we like him! (Which is not the case with most groomers.) Thanks for being awesome at Arcadia and at Uptown!! Friendly staff! I bring my two cats in for nail trimming every 3-weeks. Reasonable prices in comparison to places nearby.  and they smell amazing! They always do a great job on the nail trims too- something I've noticed that other groomers don't always pay the most attention to. Wonderfully priced and the staff has always been very professional and easy to talk to. Thanks for all of your amazing work Puff & Fluff!" I wont go anywhere else and I would definitely recommend bringing your dog(s) here!"  and even explained how we could make it even more heat-friendly next time without having to shave him. With a nice long walk ahead of time and a friendly staff  my dad and I turned to Puff and Fluff. They have great customer service and did such a thorough job on Zoe within the said time they said that the job would be done. She's now very clean and relieved from all her matted hair This place is great! I had been recently looking for a grooming salon my dogs for a while now and I saw Puff & Fluff via Yelp. I have a little Maltese puppy who had never been groomed before and she was very well behaved and cooperative the whole time. The service was amazing and the workers were so kind and even gave her a treat. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone! "This is such a great little shop!  I have been bringing my dogs to Puff & Fluff for the past several groomings and have been so happy with the outcome.  The dogs look great  especially when he realizes something like he's at the vet or going to get groomed. They did very well and were very honest.  They admitted they needed three people to help hold him and comfort him. I personally appreciate it so much when someone is honest about what goes on behind the scenes. Once in the car I examined his nails and was super impressed! Not only were they trimmed I've been taking my dog here for a while now. I like it because it looks clean and the lady's who work there are very sweet. I can tell he likes it because he doesn't seem nervous to go in for his haircut. He comes out looking great every time!!! I completely trust them with my dog.  haircut and bath.  Very happy with the service and staff.  Everyone at Fluff and Puff go the extra effort to make it a good experience.  The price is quite reasonable too.  Max Will definitely be returning for future grooming needs." Got our Miniature Schnauzer puppy groomed here and are very pleased with the results! Staff was friendly and professional with both us and our pup. Highly recommend Puff and Fluff for those who are looking for a place to get your pet groomed! We will definitely be returning. They've got my business." I would not recommend taking any animal you have there as they really do not care  his tail was either broke or dislocated from either being picked up by it or being caught in a cage.  It is slowly getting better I have taken our Labradoodle to several places and this is the best.  She is also super excited when we go and is in a great mood when I pick her up.  Since I have started bringing my dog scheduling has taken longer but I am guessing it's because they have a lot of customers. 