Go get some! Why are you still reading?""" Grew up in Pittsburgh. Never knew about this place. Stopped by after doing a YELP search. Donuts are yummy. Love cake donuts with crunchy outside. Donuts here are very tasty. Small place  nearly every person has woven a tapestry of superlatives explaining how much they love them. If you find yourself having to buy popularity with donuts One of the best donut places is the area. I love the fact that they only make soo many donuts every day and when they sell out they just CLOSE. Awesome. get there early !!! Homemade donuts are fantastic and worth it  and what better bad food than a home made donut? Just run an extra mile or so on the morning jog." Great old-school donut shop with delicious donuts.  The even still tie up the boxes. Do you think they'll start shipping to Hawaii?" You just have to try them!  I can't say enough about how amazing these donuts are!" "HOLY MOTHER OF DONUTS! This place is amazing. My daughter and I stop every Friday morning If you love fresh cake donuts that are cooked to perfection  you won't find better anywhere. Thank you to the owner for keeping traditions alive!!"  I hope you realize how lucky you are!" It's a good thing this store is a little out of the way "Remarkable donuts baked old school.  The donuts are fresh and made mostly by hand.  Make sure you arrive early  DO NOT try to bike there. Steuben Street is a straight up mountain!" "My boss and I once argued about who had the best donuts.  I said there was a place in the West End that had the best.  He claimed the best came from a shop outside of Crafton.  Of course we were both talking about the Better Maid.  For cake donuts A while back my Mom bought some donuts from here and they were really stale by the next day.  She called and mentioned something about it to them and they didn't even seem to care.  I like to try and support local business but with an attitude like they showed I have no use for them.  Doesn't seem to be any real set hours so you never know when they will be open. "By far the best cake donuts in Pittsburgh.  I will never again go to Dunkin Donuts after trying Better-Maid.  Since Ken sells out every day (and in an hour or so) First one in the store on a snowy and cold Saturday morning. Twelve people behind me. The donuts are so good that it made up for his late opening at 7:15 AM. Folks were friendly and cheerful and clearly take pride in the donuts (and the trippy experience) this little shack of a store offers you.  sit down and have a  Better-Maid Donut with a nice cup of tea!" Not even a car plowing through the building can stop these donuts." "Please please please come back soon!  A few months ago a van actually drove THROUGH the store front.  No one killed "It's open again!  Same great donuts as always (and a lot brighter inside!?)  $8.00 a dozen. This is truly donut perfection. You may have heard or read that they were closed due to a vehicle hitting their building These are the best doughnuts I have ever eaten...and I have eaten a lot. "The quintessence of donuts. Open despite past roadbumps. I like 'em all Right now I'm a fan of the glazed - just melts in your mouth!!! Only my second time here so far and I'm hoping to make this a traditional stop every time I have my visits." I grew up on better maid donuts . When I was little there was always enough donuts for everyone! The new owns is very nice but they need to make more wholes cause the 3 sat I called before 715 and already sold out!!!! One thing I didn't like they tell you to call and then they will not take a order!!!! I don't understand that when they tell you to call to place in order and they tell you they have a tray but they can't take my order that's not cool!!! What I was told is there is 60 people in line and they can't take a order even though they had the wholes he wouldn't do it! I didn't think that was nice when someone tells you yes we have  them then they put the owner on the phone and he's says no! That really kinda bothered me! They know they sell out before 715 and they only open at 700 ! What's up with that if they sell out in 10min they should make more! It also bothered me that they didn't seem to care if I was upset or not that's not very good business !!!!!! Especially some one who has been supporting. Them for over  35 years! So very disappointed in how things are ran they need to get a better plan to accomadate people. I understand this is a small business but they need to make the customer happy! So if the owner made more wholes and a little nicer on phone they would do so much better ! Being accomadating and trying to help a person out goes a long way! So needless to say I very upset that this has happen for 3 weeks in a row. So I feel that I should tell people so there not upset or disappointed like me thanks! I don't know if I will go back cause I don't want to go through this again after the 3 time!!!!  and Pittsburgh and would keep going back to Better Maid if there was one in every location. Please go. Do it for yourself."  but dated. The outside exterior can't be helping business -- if you can get past the stark white exterior walls  the eggs with Hollendaise sauce looked and smelled really good..."  and snatching something out of the bakery case." If you like tabasco withyour meal you might want to bring your own as they will bring out a botle but it is the habanero type. It may be to hot for some palettes."  or at least take off the price of eggs. But it does have a great environment and they're otherwise friendly." Service is always polite and attentive and prompt  and know how to crank through tables.  They've always been busy when we've been there (weekend mornings) but even when the wait looks long it's less than 10 minutes-- and once you're seated  but they bake their own bread and pastries. Great service and very affordable. I come here as often as I can." "My girlfriend and I checked out this place on Labor Day right after the Mustard Museum.  It was closing at noon and the nice waitress let us eat quickly.  I had the steak and eggs with toast.  My girlfriend had the peach n' French toast plus the eggs benedict vegetarian style.  Well This is by far the best breakfast place in the Madison Middleton area.  Great food and outstanding service.  Definitely has grandma's kitchen feel to it!!  but the stellar service makes up for it. I cannot wait to be back. We've already decided to stop here the next few Sundays to try other things off of their menu!" "Hash browns are delicious. The egg dishes are filling. Coffee is actually not half bad! This is truly great diner food-- the spot is busy The breakfast food here is amazing! The staff and service are great! They always have fresh products. Love it!  I eat breakfast or lunch here. Home cooking!! Friendly staff! Fresh baked goods." This is truly home cooking at its best. The staff is abundant and friendly. My breakfast today consisted of the Blueberry French Toast. The blueberries are actually in the bread dough!  Served with warm syrup. Definitely worth getting up early and running those two miles. Open only until 1:00 pm so make your plans to get there!!  also delicious! Service was very fast and really friendly!  Eventually although the biscuits were gone I had to ask the waitress to remove the gravy from my table "Very friendly staff with a fun local feel. Inside seating is cozy and nice alternative to a chain like Perkins. Adorable prices One of the best breakfasts I have ever had .I had the pecan waffle and it was the best waffle I have ever had in my life  even though you know you'll need to run an extra 5 miles the next day.  C's is just a greasy spoon.  IHOP and Denny's are far better choices." "Love this place sooo much and my husband and I miss our once a month trips there.  Came to review them to make sure they're still around; relieved they are.  This place is cozy  quick service. However the space is small (former KFC) and the space is too tight during the wait for brunch on the weekend. I will try again during the week when it is less busy." "Great place for breakfast. Warm friendly atmosphere where the wait staff knows your name after a couple of visits. The coffee is smooth and mello. Never bitter or burnt tasting. ""Where Middleton goes for breakfast."""  I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the area!" "You can find this company's products at several retail stores throughout Madison and also at their booth at the summer Farmer's Market. The donuts are always moist and very tasty. The cookies are hit an dmiss--some days they are the perfect combination of being chewy in the middle and crunchy on the outsides. The scones are far too dry for my taste Next time you go to the CSFM... sting Stella's and make a beeline to Oakhouse.  They may be -1 on product marketing  I certainly plan on giving Oakhouse another shot. I'm hoping to dig into some of their donuts next time  and the donuts are all always exactly like you'd expect from a dunkin' donuts (when they actually sell them.)" Dunkin Donuts iced coffee is cheap and rad. This location is convenient and is hardly ever busy. Too expensive for what it is.  I had the ham and cheese flat this morning and it was the worst breakfast sandwich I have ever had in my whole entire life!!!  The ham was just awful and there was way too much cheese. I will certainly never go back for a breakfast sandwich. Hehe.  I love Dunkin' Donuts. Almost never have to wait inline here - great speedy service and they always have what I want ready to go.  not all the donuts are in stock at a given time. I was just there and didn't even see glazed yeast donuts (the classic).- just glazed cake and the glazed minis. I appreciate having someplace to grab a snack with early morning Black Friday shopping."  but coffee from their drive thru is always delicious and quick."  there service is pretty good except the fact that they don't speak the best english." Friendliest dunkin in town!  They all know my order by heart and greet me with a smile EVERY time!  They got my business from ine of their competitors simpky by being so nice.   Get an iced tea with a turbo shot...no need for anything else to start your morning! The donuts here taste stale and the employees aren't the most welcoming people. This location seems to be out of the donuts I want consistently. This place is really fast with their drive thru service and their indoor service. I enjoy getting the $1 coffee. Their breakfast items are good. I like their egg and sausage croissant. Dunkin donuts coffee is best enjoyed with cream and sugar.  so brought bike in.  Did not allow it and could not offer an alternative location.  Usually go in car The donuts are stale Monday-Saturday. Sundays they are fresh. Why do they keep putting them out??! Love the $1 coffee and The egg and cheese croissants. The service was great and the treats were too! We came in at about 9:50 PM (10 minutes before closing) and the staff was very happy to help us! They served us quickly and with a smile. They even offered us some free donuts since they were about to close. I was pleasantly surprised at such great service this late at night!  and you can fix it your way with sugar and non-dairy liquid creamer. The place itself is a bit of a dive- old and shabby So I guess it's still kind of cool due to diveyness and whatnot  its kind of hard to see if your driving East on McDowell."  and they now will add Boba to any of their drinks. The woman behind the counter said you can call ahead so you don't have to wait. Hubby's vanilla and my strawberry frap that he brought home today were still ""just ok."" The donuts are still really good  but the creature needed feeding and Rainbow Donut was nearby.  Sparse selection You should bring cash unless you want to pay a small charge for running a credit card."  but ok in taste. Nice selection of morning beverages."  they charge for using cc.  About $10 bucks covers everything the hubs and I want including drinks." Great price on a dozen donuts and they are amazingly fresh! Melts in your mouth and is an awesome way to be the office hero. The boston cremes are also a favorite of mine." Xobu8FzHN0KUm5Lw3swypA The taste was about on par with the Cali joints. If you're craving real doughnuts and are sick of being pushed bullshit products that claim to be doughnuts (like YumYum Best donuts anywhere. Krispy Kreme has nothing on this place. That's all you need to know."  although the drinks were a bit too icy for me. They were a lot better after I let the ice melt a bit  bordering on the dry side. Still good mind you (what donuts aren't) but not as tasty as the fresh glazed base of the Coconut. Yes the outside looks shady  and a large Cappuccino Boba.  I didn't know Bobo and donuts went so well together!  The donuts are very good For boba...I'd go back if in the area and not willing to drive to my other favorite spots for a fix."  you won't get that ""mas puto!"" vibe you get at Starbucks or Fair Trade when your lady drags you into places like that." It was hard to understand the lady behind the counter but that doesn't really affect the scoring. As long as the donuts are good Awesome donuts! They remember you after a couple of times and make you feel like an appreciated regular. This place will always be my standard for donuts.  Bosa comes out with a slight edge.  And we came out with a slight sugar rush.  I can't help but wonder what our next scientific food research challenge will be!" Xobu8FzHN0KUm5Lw3swypA Doughnuts are legit.  'Nuff said.  but maybe I'll give it another try early in the morning and see if it's better."  but parking isn't very difficult.  Most people don't hang around very long.  It's very quick in and out service." Made the stop this morning for a little Christmas Eve Eve dozen for My Battle Buddies in ""The Cubes""! Haha. They are so warm and moist this early in the morning. I do recommend that you try to make the short drive on over to The the Rainbow for a tasty treat. Have an Amazing Day Arizona!" It's a quick in and out friendly service.  Now just have to bring a dozen into the office." Xobu8FzHN0KUm5Lw3swypA  but they didn't have any at the time.  The donuts I did have were not bad.  Hopefully next time I'm in the area they will have the bacon donuts available."  no coffee went in the blender... it tasted like a terrible milkshake. My daughter got a strawberry frosted nd some donut holes. They were terrible. The frosting tasted like plastic.  The reason I'm giving a 4 star is because the cruler was THAT GOOD. I'm going to give them another try... when I have cash." "You may want to try Rainbows other location that has been at 51st Ave & Thomas for years.I used to take my grandddaughters there back in the 90's when I serviced the shop when I worked for Ameripride linen.Still ""good stuff ""best to get there before 11 AM when it's warm and fresh."  inexpensive and exactly what we wanted on a Sunday morning." The folks that run the shop are super sweet and always cheerful (which is more than I can say for myself if it's morning and I'm on my way to work!) and their goodies always put a smile on my face." Grab a dozen and bring them to the office and watch your coworkers scarf them down."  I can tell you they are top 3 out of dozens of shops I've been to in a handful of states Still on the hunt for a five star donut shop in Phoenix."  either for breakfast and/or donuts. You won't be disappointed."  but The donuts were just ok...  Nothing special...  Nothing to make me want to return." 3 out of 4 loved them! The picky one (my oldest daughter) said I know that's not bacon on my donut. She couldn't get her mind wrapped around it!  The donut was perfect! The maple and bacon melted and blended beautifully!! I am a fan!" Look for the brightly colored building." I told my husband we won't be coming back here." Consistently delicious.  put your hands up in the air and say it with me now... RAINBOW DONUTS I would definitely stick to plain glazed with or without chocolate and fritters.  Yum!" Came here for a kolachi but only the northern location has them. Oh well. But still enjoyed the maple bacon donut and the sprinkle donut. Not good for the diet but good for the soul. The lady behind counter was super sweet and nice. Really liked the friendly atmosphere. Strawberry glaze donut... oh how I hate you so much cause you are so irresistible. The donut is light as air and is just the perfect amount of sweet. It's a sin to be so tasty. Rainbow Donut's you are worth the extra mile on the treadmill!  I didn't care for the one topped with 4 pieces of bacon and that is all they had. I will continue to come here and see if I get lucky!"  homemade donut. The lemon filled donut was amazing. The interior is very ""hole in the wall."" The woman was friendly but tried to pressure me to buy a cinnamon roll I never hinted that I wanted. $2.50 for the two items."  moist and buttermilky on the inside. Yum yum! My husband got the jelly and Boston cream. The Boston cream was a Boston cream - delicious!!" Xobu8FzHN0KUm5Lw3swypA  but still morning. They tend to run out of the more popular doughnuts towards midday." They have a wide variety of donuts to choose from. I always end up ordering 3 for myself. Great to go to if you're in a hurry in the morning and don't have time to make yourself breakfast. Wish they didnt close at 6. Maybe thats a good thing for my health though. Great donuts. I had really high expectations going into rainbows first of all it is a really sketchy area. Then the employees were really rude did not really help us out when we asked for help. I've had better donuts. Stop by before the morning rush and grab a frosted cake donut. Beats the competition hands down any day!" By far the Best donuts in Phoenix!!! I crave these and it's definitely worth the drive :-) "They have a wonderful selection of donuts and friendly staff. Today I enjoy bacon maple donuts and chocolate crullers I went here because I was craving boba : ) the place looks like a hole int the wall but the boba was ok. I had the Thai iced tea it was good not the beT but definitely not bad. It was worth me making a detour for. Great apple fritters ! Bring cash!!! They charge for debit/ credit. What is this am/pm or the early 90's? If the doughnut was not as good as it was I would give this place less stars because paying for debit/ credit is DUMB!!!!!! It's just as good as az donut co."  fluffy and fresh glazed donuts. Your taste buds (and to some extent Sorry to tell ya my fellow Yelpers! This rainbow has no gold at the end :("  clean and they are always happy to see us :-) tea with Bobba is my family's favorite along with the glazed donuts and maple and bacon." Easy to locate but not a very large parking lot. Service was super friendly and fast. Got the two donuts and the large cinnamon roll for under $5 I wouldn't make any special trips or journeys to Rainbow  got me some donuts for the guys at work. Now I go and get me the Croissants with ham and cheese. Heck this is the only Donut shop I come to. Very nice people   donuts...to include 6-8 of the whipped cream/glazed donuts and 5 dozen ""glazed donut holes""... I take them to my local Health Club... They all tell me I am crazy bringing donuts to the health club Wow! I'm getting up there a bit in years so you can trust me. I can state emphatically these are the best donuts I have ever tasted. They are just down the street from me and I thank God every day the urge comes to me to splurge on a not-so-healthy breakfast. About the last year I started experimenting with their egg sandwiches which just worked to grow my enthusiasm for this place. Served on fresh baked bagels and fresh baked croissants.....OMG they are delicious and about the same price you'd pay for an Egg McMuffin. Seriously. This place rocks and the people serving there are so sweet and appreciate. I love this place!  and I would take the donuts into work.  People fell in love with the glazed twists.  They are by far the best glazed twists I have ever had the pleasure of melting in my mouth.  All the donuts are exceptional.  I am not a big glazed fan The best donuts ever. It's run by a nice family. They have the best Oreo donuts ever.  not Krispy krap..rainbow donuts are second to none. Nuff said" We went at 8:30 am.  Nice selection of warm fresh raised and cake donuts.  Best I've had in Phoenix.  I love fresh warm krispy kreme.  These are different and I think I prefer them. The donuts are terrible. They don't taste like what I remember as a kid. There was no depth to the cake donut and it was super light and spongy. Not what I think of when it comes to a cake donut. On top of it Friendly staff. Make sure you get the coffee punch card if you order alot of Medium-sized coffees here..." Two tiny shelves of stale donuts...I guess when the grocer is selling your way overpriced coffee like gangbusters  but the in-store service closed at 8pm.  Haven't had a chance of trying it out There is a set of standards to be expected these days when it comes to coffee. What about service? At this DD the service is fast. From drive tru window to walking in I wake up with a smile knowing I'll soon have a cup of their delicious coffee.  I was excited due to my hometown not having more than one dunkin donuts within 20miles from my house but the service could have been friendlier." Not the best run Dunkin' Donuts.  I am not too disappointed that i don't have access to one locally. Their donuts were dry Just left dunkin' 20min ago!" at this Dunkin Donuts they definitely take care of the drive thru before the walk ups. Everytime I come in here there are at least 3 or 4 cars that were in the drive thru as I walk in that are driving out f the drive thru before I even get served. I'm a honestly never come back to this location. It happens every single time I come here and it just happened again today right now. It's really aggravating when you have two clerks who are working their asses off to get the drive thru taken care of While totally blowing off the walk up people.  but the selection of donuts is lacking at 7:30am. You'd think they would be fully stocked and ready to go."  and it does not take for ever to turn out of the parking lot."  this is my favorite AZ DD location!" Best Coffee and Donuts.  It's Dunkin' not much else to say. Last visit I had my dog with me and the girl working gave me an extra munchkin as a treat... so sweet!" And did I mention how cheap they are?  SO cheap.  Well  coffee is quite good and it's a can't miss."  can I get refills?  ;-)" decent donuts but horrible coffee....  ignoring that downside... this is the BEST donut shop in all of AZ!"  have that light greasiness combined with sweetness. Probably they are lightly iced .I bet if I went there I would really like an old fashioned one. Just if I went there." Convert your donut religion to Rainbow donuts today. See the light. Repent!"  I guess I have to stick to chocolate frost and sugar raised." but the fritters haunt me- cheap price was a bonus. For $5 we had Saturday morning covered for breakfast. Sigh And growing a little with each fritter."  fluffy layer when you bite down into a chocolate long john...with just the right amount of delightful chocolate on top!   Try a buttermilk bar...crispy on the outside lite and tasty in the middle...there are no better in this town!  O boy do I want one right now!" "Great donuts.  I think they are just a slight step below BoSa Love these donuts! I can never buy just one donut because they all look Sooooo good! Needs a shop in the East valley. It's like free donuts! Woot!!" I won't be heading back even though the maple bacon donuts are yummy." Yum best donuts in Phoenix. If I were to ever get hooked on crack... I would want my crack to be these amazing donuts! They are delicious and addicting. It's an older place that reflects its age. With a little sprucing up it could the cutest and best donut/kolache shop in town!" "Two words: Texas Kalaches. Haha! We also tried the Maple Bacon Donut and it was surprisingly good (I couldn't eat a whole one  but the cherry fritter blew. my. mind. My iced coffee was decent as well. I anticipate returning to rainbow doughnuts!"  we didn't have a hard time snagging one of the three booths (there are two are three small tables as well).  They have free Wi Fi which I really appreciated now that I often read the morning news""paper"" on a screen.  The service was OK The buttermilk and french cruller would be my go to donuts next round but I want to try more....the apple fritter "I came in  on an early Friday morning to buy a dozen and a half of donuts for my co- workers. The man behind the counter found it odd I order such an amountapparently  or ham& cheese. So so sooooooooooooo good (haven't found any other place that have Texas kolaches).  Their ham&cheese croissant are so darn good also. Lastly  donuts made fresh everyday.  the owners are great I brought donuts in for the office and they were talked about all day.  I have a feeling I will be stopping by very soon to pick up more office goodies." Tasty donuts in a convenient location. I've had their coffee rolls and other regular donuts and all of them are good.  they are all incredible. There is no comparison. Rainbow doughnuts are addicting." Selecting a half dozen donuts and taking portions of each home it likely comes as no surprise that the warm cake donuts were my favorite - the buttermilk bar literally still dripping glaze - and with the blueberry subtle and light plus the fritter less greasy than the average with a great crunch giving way to cinnamon apples within I enjoyed all three more than those that were raised - the dough a bit less wispy or raised than I prefer and the frosting on both the maple and the strawberry a bit too artificial  but they're all independently owned.  I've never tried the others Had to introduce our OH-IO group out for our wedding to the Maple Bacon Donuts...AMAZING!!!  he is so amazing and found this location. We went less than 24 hours after we heard about it and it was soooooo AMAZING! We will go back and I'm glad I found my Texas favorite in Arizona. :)"  need i say more! At $2 it is well worth it! It's like breakfast in a handy snack. Also regular fresh made doughnuts are only $1! I did my paper here no wifi but there were tables and an outlet. Lots of parking and a bathroom. Closes at 3 or 4pm" "Cheap! Delicious donuts! It reminds me of the donut shops they have all over Southern California. My girlfriend got one filled with whipped cream (not custard like a Boston creme It may be that they were in the middle of making more donuts or getting some more in. I'll stop by again to give it another chance."  along with the nicest staff ever! I review on Yelp quite a bit and I am just in love with this little shop. I drive here from Goodyear every weekend. So worth it."  the availability isn't always the best. Those maple-bacon ones are always gone before I can get to them!" Great you just have to get there on Sunday before early church gets out its a great shop and great service will be returning soon  and always a hit when I bring them in to work.  The cream filled donuts are wonderful."  our family has tried other donut places and nothing compares to Rainbow donuts. They have the best testing donuts. They have a great selection of donuts to choose from. Our families favorite is glazed donut holes  not surprising. We each got a donut and coffee and sat down to eat. Coffee is pretty good here. The teenage girl behind the counter told us she couldn't run the espresso machine  you won't regret it. It looks like a cute little diner on the inside  seriously off the radar. Was in love at first bite then had another. Place is clean and staff super friendly." What??  That's amazing service.  And the donut lived up to the hype completely!  Definitely will return The staff at this location are super friendly." "I live nowhere near here (thank God!) but have had their donuts from co-workers bringing them in and have been in store. I recently tried the Texas kolache "Got in line with my daughter when we observed the lady in front of us returning a few donuts. Expecting the donuts to go in the trash per food regulation Easy to access of 7th st  they will make it for you on the spot! You won't get a fresher donut than that!" and WAIT... I just saw that another review said they have Texas kolaches??  I need to get back there stat!"  pretty good donuts. Worst iced coffee I've ever tried in my life I think it's so cool that they have a door that opens and closes! Cool place. Can't wait to try you guys out again !  though their hours are somewhat limited.  I'd rather support them than a chain Doughnuts from this joint are awesome. I have tried at least 6 different types. The hot coffee was nasty. It tastes gross!! I will never purchase another coffee but clean doughnut shop. Owner is very friendly Asian man who does not understand English too well. He makes mean doughnuts though that melt in your melt and are made fresh daily early in the morning.  but they made up the delicious maple bacon ones for me that had been recommended to me. Yum! And they open at 4. By the way. That is 4 AM" "We were in town from out of state and decided to stop and buy some donuts. The donuts are quite pricey compared to dunkin donuts and aren't very much better in my opinion. I asked for a iced matcha latte "Rainbow donuts is the best! They have honest to God Texas Kolaches. We're talking REAL KOLACHES people. The owners are so sweet and welcoming. Amazing. Super inexpensive. Delicious "The shop is not impressive nor are the donuts. I can still feel the grease on the roof of my mouth. After being there 20 years  but won't bag too harshly for their brave experimentation. Oo! Speaking of donuts... I still have some left. Gotta go! :)"  only seen in New York City. Rare found in Phoenix!"  not enjoyable. Do yourself a favor and somewhere else to get your donuts. Definitely not worth my time or money."  and cheese. Truly delicious. And a cinnamon roll. So much better than Fry's across the street!  Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that they charge for coffee refills." Why do I want my donuts breathing the same air as everybody else? At least make an effort to make it look like they're separated and fresh  don't bother going here if you just want a donut and only have a card. They have a $5 minimum purchase requirement here in order to use a card. I won't be coming back here again. My advice.....just plan ahead and go to Lamars on Bell Rd" "Great doughnuts especially the nutella filled ones. But when you're ordering for a lot of people and get back only to find that they forgot to place several of them in the box  The best donuts around"  the woman who works the window told me to just pay her the next time I came there (we visited every Saturday). Yes These are the best I've had in the Valley.  Worth braving those early Sunday mornings to get my fix." I want to shout it over rooftops! :) They are the best damn doughnuts that I have ever had in my entire life. Enough said."  especially compared to what I expected. It's robust and flavorful. The staff is friendly and efficient and of course PS.. Please start making a blueberry buttermilk bar :)" It was really odd to have to walk up to the drive up window in order to buy donuts.  The only reason why I'd go back is because it's closer than the nearest Dunkin' Donuts."  Rainbow Donuts makes the best donuts in the valley!"  mainly due to the fact we just had to try a buttermilk donut. But I did manage to scarf down the remaining piece of cherry donut later on and I enjoyed every bite. Crispy brown on the outside and moist and delicious on the inside. It's definitely something one would get a craving for every now and then. Decadent!"  so good. The first time I went was this past Saturday and they had two trays left at 2pm and I thought that was limited but I got a glazed to try them out. Wow was all I could say.  OK so I went today 6/24/10 and they had only 1 tray left and it was mostly donut holes at 10am and this was it no more to be made today; I was bummed.  But I got a dozen of those little gems and left to eat and sulk about the whole matter at home.  So the moral of this story is get your butt to Rainbow Donuts early if you want a good selection. Otherwise don't say I did not warn you. They are open from 4am to 3pm 7 days a week." "The place is clean and the donuts are very fresh. I am a fan of their muffins. They use plenty of walnuts on the banana nut muffins! I bought a batch for the offcie and I was the hero of the day... just that day (Lol). From my observation though Every now and then I  buy two dozen and take them to work.   I have always heard expressions from my coworkers on how truly good Rainbow donuts products are." "Not really much for me say hear...fresh doughnuts....great prices....you can get 6 doughnuts of your choice for under 5 bucks....WOW. Pretty good service....indoor and outdoor seating to enjoy your dougnuts...but they are only open from 4am to 3pm so if you want the best doughnuts get there early or before 2pm or they will be generally out of what you want....because I don't believe they make any more fresh doughnuts after 2pm. No doubt these are the best Doughnuts in the valley...maybe in the entire state of Arizona.  Eat  jelly-filled... good stuff. But get there early because they're only open until 3pm during the week and on Saturday and 2pm on Sundays. Some weekdays Love these Donuts Always fresh and always good. This place has consistently great Donuts and good prices. This place is in my top 2 best places to get donuts in phoenix! "This place has the best donuts in the valley. I grew in Southern Cali and there are an abundance of locally owned shops there. It is a struggle to find a good quality donut shop around here. They are few and far between. I don't like DD and KK is played out. I was heading in that direction and decided to give it a try. These are the best donuts I have found in the valley. The prices are great as is the selection. I like that they have a drive thru  but I was wrong. These are some quality donuts! I brought a two dozen donuts into work  please let me in on it. This place simply can't be beat."  this establishment is usually my first choice." "Tom: I've heard great things about this place and it is always busy when I drive by so I decided to surprise some co-workers and grab some donuts for them for breakfast.  The donuts were pretty stale.  Although they looked like they make their own donuts the display box for the donuts were running low so I could tell that I wasn't getting fresh ones which was disappointing.  I saw a sandwich called a Egg/Ham/Cheese/Bacon and had a choice of bagel or croisant and I got the croisant.  Wow.  This was just a mushy soaked thing.  Don't really know how to call it.  Just awful.  Also This is a good donut place... with the awesome cake donuts that they lack at all the friggin Dunkin Donuts that they have in Phoenix.  I'm glad that I found this place and that it's relatively close to home- the generic chain donut places just don't do it for me like the little ma & pop run places.  which also hit the spot on the mornings that we come here.  Don't bother with Dunkin Donuts if you want authentic donuts at great prices.  The service has always been great and the young lady who works here is always smiling.  :)" The donuts are at a whole new level (in the vacinity off heaven) than your regular donut shops. I had no idea donuts could be this good. Go early to get the best.  the only down side is if you go around noon your selection shrinks considerably. And don't expect them to be open by three. Enjoy your donuts Overall:  Well organized and clean compared to other donut places.  I am about to drop some knowledge on you Arizonians: the donuts are fresh and they are THE BEST DONUT PLACE I have had in the Phoenix area.  If they had healthy donuts I would recommend this place to anyone who loves donuts or whoever wants to try a new place." I almost forgot.....their donuts are fantastic!! Bakers dozen is 14 instead of 13." stay away from the coffee HIGHLY recommended. And trust me  this place is family owned which I would much rather support than a chain of donut shops." I was nervous about going to this place because of how it looks from outside. After reading the review I decided to go and I am glad I did because the donuts were SO good I will definitely go back! Good prices. Drive thru ... But always Fun sitting with the old folks on a Saturday morning.   Recently discontinued the Smoothies - the boy was disappointed. Fresh donuts!  fresh and well balanced donuts!  Love this place.  The creme filled do not have overly sweet creme--delicious." This is our favorite donut store! Sooooo good!! "We went this morning!! The service was fast and efficient! Out donuts were very fresh!! We took our kids with us "Excellent doughnuts. They are baked fresh every morning and the staff is very helpful and friendly. They have reasonable prices. I have been in the drive thru and walked inside. Fast   but definitely a soft crunch that packs the same old Rainbow flavor that this location only offers. Does this beat out my maple bar infatuation? Please don't make me choose! However Good donuts. Great selection. Workers are always cheery. My kids love this place. Me too!  they run out early in the day. If this place was open for a late night donut run Okay I have just started this yelp thing and found rainbow donuts because of other yelpsters.  This place is awesome.  Delicious light donuts melts in your mouth.  They gave me a warm foot long twist to welcome me.  Worth the journey!  someone in the back is an expert baker. Really nothing but perfection. They have a drive through if your interested in getting donuts in your pjs." "Ever since we moved into our place a few years back this has been our favorite and only place to go for donuts.  A very popular and renowned donut shop has since been opened in our area "I found a thin rope in my donut!!! Not very clean GREAT doughnuts! I stop by on my way home once a week to pick up a bakers dozen (14) from Rainbow.. They are always so nice! Sometimes if you get there too early the selection is minimal although there's never been a bad one. The maple long johns are great and the croissants are hand made and AMAZING! "Rainbow Donuts can't be beat.  I've been going there for about 17 years and they have the best donuts ever.  I could eat a dozen all by myself.  I recently visited Portland So....my husband decided to bring me a half a dozen donuts while I was taking a nap today. He got a variety box with some classics and something that looked like a chocolate cake doughnut but turned out to be the most delightful blueberry doughnut I've ever tasted. All the doughnuts were crispy and wonderful on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. Absolute perfection; I'm in love.  but we must've come too late (they close at 2 on Sundays-not 4!) and we were stuck with a raspberry filled cronut. It was waaaaaayyy too sweet I am not really sure what the hype is about. We went by in the afternoon and the place was cleaned out. We managed to get a few of what was left plus donut holes (my fave!). The donuts tasted fine - nothing spectacular and nothing I would drive out here for. We were pretty underwhelmed *sigh*  the only problem is they run out early!!" I won't stop there besides buy a dozen or two of your favorite treats grab a refreshing drink to wash it down. From coffee to juice and much more."  the selection is amazing. I've been late in the day where there is not much left but went ahead and tried what they had left and that was still amazing.  You will never get donuts anywhere else if you go here. They are definitely worth it." egg cheese sandwich !!!!!! there donuts are soft Holy smokes these donuts are amazing the cronut was amazing. They have so many choices here that you can find one you will love.  Thai iced tea was really good also. They also have a drive thru if you really want to be a fat ass and not be seen.  I'll devour your blue family. This mouth watering delicious berry jam packed flavor will have you begging for more I love Rainbow Donuts!  Been coming in here for donuts for the last couple years and always have a wonderful experience and the iced coffee is really yummy too! :)  be careful. One bite of that mouth watering delicious blueberry cake doughnut and you will have glorified taste buds leaping for joy and excitement. The jelly glazed melts in your mouth like crispy creme and the middle is filled more than Santa's sack on Christmas Eve. Yea they might be unsocial  the apple fritter is huge! I like their coffee and the service is friendly. If you're looking for a delicious donut Make sure you go into the store early.  I arrived just after 10 AM on Sunday and they were nearly cleaned out.  A steady stream of people kept coming in I was craving donuts being 5 months pregnant. It's a once a month treat. My fianc and I drove over for a change of scenery. You can smell the freshness of the donuts as you walk into the store. Variety was definitely there. The maple bacon donut-OMG!! THE BEST MAPLE BACON DONUT I'VE EVER HAD HANDS DOWN!! We got there around 8:15am and it wasn't too busy. Check out their Instagram page- _rainbowdonuts to get a free donut! Super friendly staff. I would definitely recommend this place! Update: Went back for a croissant on a Sunday to try it for the first time. They were OUT before 9am AND there was a line. If you go on Sundays "I didn't even get a chance to take pics of the delicious looking doughnuts. First off they are open super early!! Bonus points there. And then they were fantastic. I got a cream filled chocolate glaze Bonus: they've extended their hours till 5pm and have wifi!" I will be back. To bad they close so early."  and DELICIOUS! The maple bar is huge and the flavor is perfect. They have a huge selection from your classics to fruity pebble topped donuts. My son and I fought over the last bite of the red velvet crumb donut. I will definitely be returning to Rainbow Donuts."  donuts are good. Nothing to special to say about your spot. It's pretty straight forward. I like the modern feel to it "Best donuts ever. Huge selection. Huge donuts. Try the cinnamon twist OMG! Best donuts ever! Have the Samoa. It is to die for!! They are light and delicious. And the staff is so friendly. Do not pass this place up. I went here yesterday for national donut day. I love the variety of donuts that they have. The donuts were delicious and fresh. They were even moist. No dry donut here. I've been to two locations and both are fantastic! We love to take our grandkids when they visit and its almost a tradition. You've got to try out the maple bar with bacon. It is good:) Looks like they're also getting into breakfast ""food"" sandwiches served hot.  I'll have to try them sometime.  Now I just have to see if there are any DD on my way to work..."  good service despite the inside-a-convenience-store-that's-also-part-of-a-carwash location.  I am always worried when I go in here that I might just as well pick out something pre-made from the fridge and buy it from the convenience store  but I'm also paying for the service." "This place looks better too bad the donuts taste like crap no matter what time of day you go in they taste like they were made days ago and why can't they figure out that if they put a clear door in front of the shelves they are placed on it would keep them fresh longer. Come on  just LIVID with the price increase  apparently. Why the (*bleep*) are you still selling Coolatta if the machine's broken? Does corporate office know they're scamming customers? Horrible customer service." "Oh for the days when the funny guy with the mustache was making the donuts fresh for us! I had an issue with this location limiting the menu selection on a prepaid discount offer After going there every week since it reopened I was treated like dirt last week.  After being treated so poorly we were on our way and opened the bag to find an order that was wrong..... AGAIN!!!!  this location bites balls. I went there and they did not have sausage for my breakfast sandwich. The was one. Strike two was when I went there this morning and they didn't have any ketchup! The worst was I overheard the workers saying they didn't want to make any more donuts for the day. I'm more of a bagel guy myself  but that wasn't the point. It was 11 am!!! What if some poor shlub  goes there at 2 or 3 pm looking for their favorite donut?? I don't know I'm warning you don't make the same mistake I made ... twice. It got two stars just cuz it's dd." Definitely Worth The Trip! "The girl at the register (Stacy) was not paying attention to our order. She gave us the wrong donut and the wrong beverage. Also she was insisting that she gave us 25 munchkins but she only counted 20. It took me couple of ""10+5+5"" before she realized that she did only give us 20." Donuts were great.. Staff was surprised that I didn't want coffee. The brownie batter was soo good. Stale donuts after 4 pm. This is the third time we have gone to this location after 4 pm. Happy a new location south of this one has opened on Tatum and G'way. The least the owner can do is offer donuts at half price after a particular time. Last time for this customer.  and Dunkin Donuts now offers a variety of different breakfast sandwiches and wraps. One of my favorites is the good morning rap. It's pita style bread with egg and your choice of meat. Dunkin Donuts is also a great value unlike some of the other coffee houses in the neighborhood." Shout of to both Shandi and Elisa who are two of the most polite and friendly employees I've met in awhile! Thank you both for making my visit an awesome one!  didn't know about the app for the smart phone.  Was told that I need the app and the phone wasn't with me.   Didn't get the coffee I love me some Dunkin coffee and doughnuts in the morning. It's nice to see smiling faces when you walk through the doors as well. Out of business. They are closed. I tried calling two different numbers for it and both say that it is out of business "Today was the last time I'll ever come to this dunkin donuts. The first time we came here my boyfriend got food poisoning and today the guy took my boyfriends order then walked away and when I tried to order all I could get out was ""bagel with cream cheese"" and he walked away without letting me finish ordering. Then I noticed I hadn't gotten my coffee and when i got my food it was missing an item. The guy said(with attitude) I had to pay for it I have only ever done the drive thru and the team seems friendly. The coffee through drive thru always is toooo sweet. I have found going in is when the coffee is a little better. 