That's what happened to me yesterday.  I would have been better off going to Cogo's or 7-11.  I might have paid a bit more  nothing beats how BAD that store was.  There is a reason that store was nicknamed ""the dirty bird.""  Compared to that North Oakland store that closed several years ago BG4N0V93wml9kaU6YYRxRA  I only went here because I was at Target and didn't want to venture any further to complete my shopping."  hopefully not produce. Parking is easy and you can hit up the unpretentious Wine and Spirits in the same stop. I think this plaza still exists to prevent impoverished people from venturing into the other newer fancier stores which are a mere half mile away and designed to appeal to people who think they are cultured and discerning."  left a full cart bacause a woman (with a baby in a stoller) shouted at me for ""cutting in line"". Will never go back. At night it is a nightmare." This Giant Eagle is a perfect one to go to. They have a great selection of prepared food and more options to choose from. It is in a safe location and I can easily hop on the bus to go there. The only thing I don't like about this Giant Eagle is everything in Giant Eagle is outrageously expensive. So if you don't what too shop at a Middle Class food store in East Liberty then go to The Market in Shadyside."  I'd hit up the liquor store for some wine afterwards for dealing with long lines wait & awkward clientele outside." Ugh. Dirty. Long lines. Walked out without making purchase . My friend and I went into this Giant Eagle for a ""quick trip"" to pick up some chips and such before going to a party. Took us three minutes to find some chips. We stood in line to check out for about half an hour. It was like a window into hell. The line was for ""express  she makes sure you know you've bothered her from what she was doing. I can't wait to return to this Giant Eagle so I can get her name and post it on my Yelp review. Hopefully someone will get her some customer service training or etiquette classes." Came to this location for a quick run in and I regret it immensely.  Decided to get a Giant Eagle card since my item was on sale.  The clerk at Customer Service was so rude I took my ID back and walked away.  Her language was impossible to understand and when I didn't understand her second mumbling she yelled her question at me.  This happened twice.  They won't ever see me here again. "I've been shopping at this GE for at least 15yrs.  It's convenient to work and home for me.  I think this location would be great for a makeover with all the urban redevelopment going on around it. I believe this store is corporate owned  causing the lines to move very slowly. The customers don't make the experience any better. I remember standing behind a woman in line who was arguing with the cashier for 10 minutes about being charged 2 cents over the price tag. Yes  and make what should be a five minute trip into a twenty minute ordeal. This is also the only giant eagle I've ever been to that doesn't sell beer. The liquor store around the corner employs equally rude individuals and has a very heavy police presence  with the stuff locked up and the smallish store with kind of a blargh selection.  I would much rather go to other pharmacies  more knowledgable and more responsive pharmacy staff at any other drug store.   The service is first-rate and the extra care and attention to detail is deeply appreciated." vXBc-i30S0eypUVy7TA6cw  their store hours are absolutely terrible. Closing at 7pm basically means they're never open when I would need to go there. Despite this being more conveniently located  got there before closing but the doors were already locked.  Why post a closing time if it isn't honored?"  and a convenient place to shop if I want a mid-day snack or beverage." iOevQRRTJSIhkDySYLQ4mg  even strangers.  This place is always very sparkling clean and organize.  I almost gave this places four star rating  The only reason  because of ""a couple"" of the cashiers. In the past I have heard couple of the older cashier talk about customers.  However  95% most of them are beyond super nice.  Since everything else is beyond excellent "Came here for the first from over from West Penn Hospital.  My prescription was sent directly there.  I didn't have to do much.  They got everything for me including the off the counter stuff that I could have gotten myself.  Everyone greeted me right away and assisted me right away.   Everyone was polite and a nice gentleman called me ""sir"" even though he was twice my age.  I really like this pharmacy and hope to use this place as my regular stop." He couldn't have told me that prior? A phone call telling me that it wasn't in stock would have been nice. I picked the prescription up a month ago with no issues. I don't know what he is referring to as ""summer"". Because summer  they just said ""we get a lot of elderly people in here so we often lose our patience.""  They still have not apologized when they lost her insurance card.  If you want to be treated with respect and have competent  my friend and I went to this CVS and started interviewing strangers on camera.  (""Have you ever been to Alaska?"" ""What color are your socks?"")  We used to spray BOD all around.  We painted ourselves blue from head to toe and acted casually.  We were terrors.  They put up with us But aside from that I'm always happy to step on in and get a few household items - and sometimes to splurge on candy or decorations if something delicious or cute appears on the shelves. And while I admittedly can't get everything I need here  it is in desperate need of a makeover.  It is absolutely ghetto inside.  I don't think they've redone the store since the early 90s.  It's an embarrassment on Walnut." Lgyc-00L5pAELhjwUjAz-w  and she always went the extra mile in calling my insurance company if there were any problems with the meds. Everything in the store is conveniently located and it's easy to orient around the store." "I have to drop this down a star because the guy who works in the pharmacy is sooooooo slow. Lines always build up when he's back there. The next time I see this guy when I want a prescription filled Go to the Baum location. It's just around the corner and far nicer inside."  the Clark as soon as I walked in didn't even ask if my dog was serviced just yelled mam dogs are not allowed in here infront of a bunch of people. I was so upset. I will never come in this rite aid again."  it's very conveniently located and is open all the time.  I prefer the deli here over Walmart lets say and you can usually get a lot of items on sale that are cheaper than Walmart as well - but not a lot of the stuff that isn't on sale.  If you are looking for a grocery store in and around Belmont Convenience is always important  clipping coupons and checking out the circular. When I get to the store I spend the same amount of time picking out my groceries. When I get to the check-out the last thing I want to happen to my carefully picked groceries is to have them thrown into bags  but their customers patients lives I hope to never have to fill any type of medicine here again!" Worst pharmacy in the history of pharmacies. Plan to wait for atleast 15 minutes on a good day to several days on a bad day. The staff is rude and store is usually very dirty. Had prescriptions with to few a pills and had them filled with the wrong medication.  and things generally go pretty smoothly. A drop off prescription takes anywhere from 15-30 minutes and picking up an already-filled prescription is pretty immediate. I really have no complaints. It's not perfect _yZbIA76UR0cIgoq0jM5zQ Limited but good prices!" Unless you have no other choice do not shop here.  The store is horribly dirty and the prices are higher then Harris Teeter.  If you come after 10 you can hang out with the manager smoking outside (That's where he always is) or you can buy out of date bakery products.  If you question my review take a moment to go visit the men's bathroom.  It is disgusting and can be smelled 10 feet before you even get to the door. "I moved to the area not long ago. Never been a Bilo customer but it's the closest store to my apartment. Only a couple times have I ever not been able to find what I needed. I would like a bigger craft beer selection it takes forever to get some one at the front desk and when you do they are always rude" Close by grocery store ... Open 24 hrs - but count on it ... But not dependable for the real groceries... Go to Harris Teeter or Trader Joes for that ... This is good for creamer or milk or eggs ... Maybe ... Close by grocery store ... Open 24 hrs - but count on it ... If you have a need for something specific - there's a good chance they will be out of it or have discontinued carrying it ... This place is not dependable for the real groceries... Go to Harris Teeter or Trader Joes for that ... This is good for creamer or milk or eggs ... Maybe ...  Also watch the cashiers - famous for over charges and not giving credit for coupons even after they're mentioned to them ... Most definitely pay attention to your charges !  and I don't really care what the rest of the store is like. The mere fact that they carry these incredible flavor bombs in and of itself make this a 5 Star Store." Eggs and milk are about all you can count on here - anything they happen to have you need is pure luck! Everything is overpriced. Customer service is ok. There's a few great ladies here. The rest are dull "This is my favorite place. I almost gets everything I want from here. I got a bi lo card which is free; on which I get number of offers on many things. I always buy grocery items like milk  friendly staff.  WIsh they had what I had come in for.  Carmex anyone?  I thought it was a regular staple at any drugstore...." I came in to get an Arnold Palmer iced tea. The only person manning the counter was not to enthusiastic about working there ZEM2xQshu0KC-x8OhGhPdg Buy one get one Arizona iced tea!  get $.10 off a gallon). This Bi Lo is a questionable location but it's the closest Bi Lo in the area and surprisingly clean with helpful staff. The po po is patrolling this place like crazy.......in daylight. I kinda want to go at night to see what it's like. It may not have the ambiance of the Teet but it offers cheaper prices which is mighty fine with me." They have great prices very competitive. Store is well organized and has friendly staff. I have not tried any of their hot food or deli but overall the store is pretty decent. Good meat selections and has a small wine selection along with an average beer selection. Nothing wrong with this place I have seen. "Just moved to the area and knew we would have very few options for groceries but was pleasantly surprised by this Bi Lo.  Clean and tidy store with an actual deli and bakery area. Decent selection of fresh vegetables including an organic area. There are limited seafood and red meat selections but an overwhelming amount of back fat pork products. Wish the wine selection was better but can't expect miracles from a glorified Winn Dixie. Staff is not friendly  I end up with at least one expired item in my cart even though I'm pretty diligent about checking. I told a manager and he wrote down most of the areas that were suspect (bacon and packaged meats GVMx0qWOJIJTuVAGeg71UA  what can really be said? The staff is super friendly though."  "" I'm not going to let any customer ruin my day"" when I asked for a refund for the products that I didn't receive the coupons for that I should have.  While waiting on the manager  always really nice staff and plenty of great seasonal stuff to pick through. I haven't used the Pharmacy as of yet but it is pretty close to my house so I font see why I wouldn't since they have the drive thru. My only complaint I guess  you would call it is the general area. Can be dicey at night and there seems to be plenty of transient folks hanging out in the parking lot." "This is my local pharmacy and I must admit I""m not very impressed.  They either give me the wrong amount of my prescription or they forget to list whether there are refills or not.  I'd suggest to check everything before you leave the store." Looks like very other cvs. The store is the only reason they get two stars. Unfortunately I usually come here for the pharmacy. They are so slow and are not any help. If it wasn't for the convenience of it being next to my dr I would never come here. I understand that everyone has bad days. I understand that if you work at CVS you probably hate your job and want to be anywhere but there. That doesn't excuse poor service and a ""screw you"" attitude. I work in the service industry and I'm not foolish enough to take my bad days out on clients  it's not that good but it sure beats Bi-Lo." Bottom line: Harris Teeter is a pleasure to shop at no matter what you're ""in the market"" for - quite literally!  Happy shopping!" gfQriEp9aqLZgMhRSU5KJw  they still don't have their act together. It's Saturday morning and there are only two checkouts open. Really? Self checkout registers are rarely open; floor is half installed (tripped on this twice); merchandise mell pell all over the store blocking aisles...even though I live a block from this HT Check out the Hand made Pizza station." I've yet to find a Teeter in the Charlotte area that isn't top notch. This one is clean and bright and well stocked. Shopping cart was perfect and my cashier was super friendly. Great frozen section.  very attentive Clean and organized." It's a really nice Teeter I will say it always seems to be under stocked whenever I go there. But that could be just the day I go is before there truck is in. Staff is friendly and the place is kept clean! "My husband and I went grocery shopping here on a  Monday evening... bad idea. The shelves were almost bare and what was left was a mess and disorganized. This is unusual for this store  but higher prices on everything else.  You can't win them all Favorite middle of the line grocery store - always well stocked with groceries and all full staff to assist!  Produce is fresh Meats and seafood are reasonable and butcher will accommodate any portion request ! Hot food bar and fresh flowers are just several of the reasons I love My Harris Teeter I use the online shopping from this store. They are great. On the rare occasions something was missed on my order they drove it to my house. They are always polite. Great a+ service  they do carry everything you could possibly need. ...even a nice wine section.  The staff is always kind and friendly." "Kristina did return an item i bought on clearance that was expired as of last year. It made me sick. Adam backed her up. I felt i was in Walmart!! I have shopped at harris teeter park road for over 9 years. I have spent over 6 thousand dollars easy as it is my #1 store. I have 3 boys who keep me shopping. Staff is always amazing amazing usually. I have witnessed same manager return a cake only 2 slices left. Lady who was Different than me said was hair in it?? Returned with smiles and no hassle. I hope store does not start going down hill. I heard Publics treats customers well. Shame on them. Store manager Mike had Kristina make return  I could have gotten sicker if I didn't stop taking the pills. I have shopped at harris before most of the current employees and current store manager Mike. Likely and hopefully will continue to shop there when they leave. Dont start going down hill. My Master's degree took me 10 years because I'm a single working mom. I worked hard to not have to live "Just came from walmart. 1:24 a.m.  Went to harris teeter about 11:30. Tried to buy  about 100.00 worth of groceries at self checkout. Attempted to substitute 4 Evian waters for following work day. Only offer was a raincheck!!! Refused to substitute as I see other customers do All the time!! 2 employees confirmed no more waters in back. Still no fair and normal customer service offered to me?? I left everything I'm done with you CVS." Dawn was awesome. She went above and beyond to help me print out my Christmas cards. I have a major handicap when it comes to computer. She took the extra time to help me correct my mistakes. It is people like Dawn who can make a stressful holiday season much more pleasant. Thank you Dawn!! I use the pharmacy and have shopped at this store for many years. The staff is always helpful and friendly. I have no complaints of any kind. Walgreens on Albemarle Road has really went down hill even more with managers care more about employees and customers they have no respect they don't answer questions about drugs medication don't bother calling the corporate office they support their bad behavior of store managers talking about liars this company will lie to save an employee and that too is supported by corporate management I've been with this company 20 years time to move on I will not be far of this devilish behavior that's why Sam Club and Walmart is picking up a large quantity of customers better service less expensive drugs . Went shopping here yesterday customer service girl here I believe her name is Shannon was superb checking out not only did my walgreens card save me some money but she also had coupons for what I purchased and she swiped that as well..so I say thank u.... when i first moved to charlotte this store was origanally krogers.  you'll get .15 per gallon off from several gas stations.  No joke.  Please keep in mind that this is Albemarle Rd I will shop here again...."  but with a better selection available for what I usually purchase. I do shop elsewhere on occasion for things HT does not carry and more convenience as there are a few closer stores." "This store is well put together and in a shopping center close to rite-aid  however their selection is greater and quality of their product is higher. I generally stop here once or twice a week for dinner items and am never disappointed.  The staff s friendly and always helpful  weekly specials and coupons always make my trips to Harris Teeter exciting. They have the best deals.  I'm new to couponing but I'm definitely convinced it's worth it!"  they were completely out of the advertised crab meat. The butcher lady initially said that there was a recall. Then she said that the meat had been discontinued and she wasn't sure why they would advertise it. I concluded that she didn't really know why it had been pulled. Nevertheless Just stood in line while two cashiers discussed bad customer service at another location without even acknowledging my presence! How ironic! Well for that wonderful example of 'customer service' you get one star. And you don't even deserve that!  I stopped in for just a few things that I needed for the weekend.  The first thing I noticed at the opening doors was the smell - it smelled odd (I won't be more specific This store needs organization. It is not the first time that I have encountered unfriendly staff here." They have good deals on the Friday sub sandwich.  It is delicious Built at a time they couldn't give land away or finish a project on Carmel. Evident entirely by the shoddy layout of the complex. The corner could use a gas station. Plenty of space. It's the only area in town devoid of any convenience leaving you to drive in many directions to compensate."  which happens  quite often at most pharmacies. This location does not have a pharmacy "Absolutely terrible nurse serving the minute clinic.  She was slow  it still wasn't ready.  I quit.  I shouldn't have to take a Xanax to go pick up anxiety medications.  While this is the most convenient location to where I live This Walgreen really is conveniently located at the intersection of two of the busiest streets in University area.  This store is 24 hours a day 7 days a week.  This store is getting old and the employees seem as if they are really tired of working at that place but they are nice.  The pharmacy staff are slow always!!!!  This store is not setup like your usual store but they have a lot of what you need.  being open 24 7 is a plus at least."  employee politeness and prescription availability. Went to Walgreens early in the morning (3am) and they where not able to fill a script because of it being written for the same day. Kinda makes being across from a hospital and having a 24hr pharmacy a waste of time. Children get sick in the middle of the night. How are you not going to dispense the medicine? Where not talking controlled substances here! I don't know that I would go back again." There is nothing to set this place apart from Is my point across yet? Very slow service with employees who seem to hate their jobs." This Walgreens is dreadful to go to. The staff are rude and treat you like you're a nuisance. I waited 30 minutes to pick up my medicine and they told me it still was not ready. 1 hour later I came back and waited 45 min again. This medicine was new for me and I had a lot of questions.. When I asked to speak to the pharmacist I was told he was too busy. I switched drug stores immediately after this experience. I highly recommend avoiding this drugstore. "Horrible customer service. On hold for over an hour... then hung up on I called to see if my prescription was ready and see how much it'd cost. After 45 min of holding I just went to the store..just to find out they don't accept Tricare. They move super slow and weren't helpful at all. "I've been to this CVS many times for both the minute clinic (a great feature btw) as well as the pharmacy itself.  I've never seen such a great group of tech's and pharmacists working together - they seem to all really enjoy what they are doing and working together  went to the minute clinic and got some medicine hopefully this will work"  customer service in the pharmacy was terrible! there were 5+ people behind the counter and not one person acknowledged me for a solid 5 minutes ( I was the only person in line too)." Pick up weekly ad and go to the coupon center  etc etc (but never were and always ended up around 1 hour mark). This location needs to get more staff or less work but either way they suck. PS. I severely dislike liars. Just saying." Great store.  Friendly staff.  Quick service.  Conveniently located at the corner of a somewhat busy intersection.  save yourself the headache of eternal wait times and do so." "I recently had a HORRIBLE experience with the Minute Clinic on Mallard Creek. I signed in on the Kiosk to be seen by the Practioner and waited OVER 2 HOURS. There were a couple people that signed in after the rest of us that were being called back before us. As we sat there for well OVER 2 HOURS the Nurse Practioner called back a couple more people that clearly JUST checked in. When I asked why are there people being seen that JUST signed in when the rest of us have been waiting OVER 2 HOURS. Her response.....""they are getting flu shots"" and slammed the door in our face.  So the sick people that are in pain and patiently waiting will keep getting bumped back for HOURS AND HOURS while people that are not sick NEVER have to wait and get seen immediately.  Obviously this is insane. It should be first come first serve This is a sketchy location and I don't feel safe here.  Especially how long you have to wait in this questionable environment." Their over the counter medicines are well stocked and they have a minute clinic on site for basic needs and questions." The prices for everything else here is usually higher than what you'll find at Walmart or Target - but when items are on sale the prices can be lower. It is definitely worth taking a look at their weekly ads online or if you get the Sunday paper."  there was no one else checked in at the Kiosk and only one patient in the room with the nurse ""see my screens hot of the kiosk verifying this.  I waited until the nurse comes out at 7:03 and ask her.  She states she can not see me because I didn't check in before 7:00.  I explained to her what the kiosk said and she basically apologized and acknowledged this happens all the time and its a problem with the kiosk Always slow.  I keep saying each time I go here: always hungry never lucky.  I never get lucky to have a short line.  I also end up getting robo called over and over again about my prescriptions.  it's a CVS that's ""just a CVS""; nothing special here."  and friendly. We were in and out within about 15 minutes. Had no problem finding things here The organic produce selection is slightly larger than that of Bi-Lo  but there is good signage.  The last time I was where they were redoing the slate floor in the entrances "This is always my go-to store for groceries. Customer service is always up to par. All cashiers are friendly and efficient. What I really like is that the sled checkout is always open. You don't have to wait "Clean and organized as all Teeters are. Great produce and meat section. All the shelves were stocked  meats and ready to eat food items. I like the new bread they are using for the subs. Sushi can be made per your order and the bakery doesn't have the fruit flies in the baked goods...nice job!" This location is super convenient and close to other necessities like pharmacies and gas stations (and I'm coffee shops!) Very clean and parking lot doesn't usually get crazy til the weekend.  but other wise it's clean and confident. Staff is friendly but deli is way over priced" The store seems small because of how they set the aisles together and cram things around the endcaps." I think it's a little pricey for items that aren't on sale and don't do the majority of my grocery shopping here for that reason. But it's a good place to stop and pick any odds and ends items that I may need for dinner that night." "This is a clean grocery store with great customer service. My last visit was specifically for sour cream to make a crab dip. I was able to get in and out in less than 10 minutes. Being an eVic customer "Beware of the salad bar around 6pm. Last night the lettuce was wilted and the chicken salad had a yellowish film over it. Unfortunately  well-stocked and the store is very well managed.  Employees are courteous and customer service is outstanding.  A big 'hats-off' to Rosario "This store is clean with easy parking.  The staff seems pretty nice.  It is a close store to my job I don't recall ever seeing a melon bar before  I enjoy shopping here and I will definitely be back!"  the unparalleled coffee drinks and extraordinary customer service at this location is EVERYTHING!!  GREAT STORE "the best harris teeter supermarket ever! they have a starbucks the Mgr.called us and waited for us to return for it.My family has been shopping here since 1998 and has always gotten great service  this one is out of the majority of products well before any of the other stores in the area... I guess they've just got a large clientele and not enough items to last... It's not bad  a long time ago. Good people and good customer service"  SC.  There is a perfect piece of land available too - at the intersection of 274 and 49 (where they split) near the entrance to Bethelfields."  but they make up for it in customer service "Great customer service experience with Chris who works as bagger   cashier. Great attitude  the pharmacy here is excellent. There's something awesome when they remember your name." I really enjoy the bean dip that they make here. If I come in and there isn't any I will ask and they will make it for me. Purchased some over the 4th of July weekend and it was a crowd pleaser. I also like shopping here when they have sales. I'm anticipating the opening of a new store closer to Berewick.  self checkout has been quick and easy. No need to stand and wait when I only have a few items. The store is also always clean and the staff always says hello. Great specials and deals on items for the holidays. Love the Vic Saver emails. I should also mention that for a grocery store  and always had a smell to it.  The produce wasn't always kept up well either.  Now Publix is across the street I can't imagine this Harris Teeter doing well.  The only thing Harris Teeter has to offer is a better coupon policy."  but everybody was nice and the problems were solved in short order. I also love the self-checkout. It cuts back on long wait times and the coupon kings.   Finally Talent ? When you are carrying the above listed items all in one basket At times they also have some nice selections when it comes to seasonal items such as Easter  NO MORE day trips to the Middleton Walgreen's!!!" I visit this Walgreens often since I work in the neighborhood. The employees are always very polite and helpful especially the 2 gentlemen and young woman who work the registers during the evening hours.  (I wish I could remember their names).  Get signed up for their rewards program....there are great deals to be had!  but it is easy enough to punch in your phone number while checking out. I don't bother trying to use the actual rewards card. Having the ""Walgreen's"" off brand items definitely helps you save a little money."  as a technician. I have a pretty good idea of what the job entails."  I still need my drugs!  Glorious drugs!  So instead I sit in the drive thru for 30 minutes with all the other people who need scripts but don't want to chance going inside."  I want to make a side comment at how ridiculously long this post is... just for a Walmart! Crazy. That's what happens when you get a procrastinating writer on Yelp."  some of them are already dirty so don't buy clothes please. The check out counters are located in some dingy wear house looking room but oh well  unkept Walmart I have ever been in. It felt like I was in a liquidators store - having to dig through piles of stuff. The lighting was dim and very difficult to find what I needed. There were employees walking around but no one was putting things on shelves.  Needless to say I left without getting most of what I needed because I couldn't find it.  The produce department was disgusting - moldy food  but I do expect to be treated with respect. Treating your customers with respect entails making them feel welcome and being efficient."  and I get our prescriptions filled at a very reasonable price." I did enjoy that this Walmart reminded me of the old one we had in a city I used to live in before they upgraded to the Super Walmart. However Guess I'm headed to target! After wasting 2 hours of my day off" The people working there are very cool and they help y a lot!"  saying I took my old one there. I don't think I will sell my integrity for a 20 bucks ink. Ridiculous mean!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Staff was friendly and they had what we needed." the birthday cake eminems were on sale but they were disappointing at best "Safeway's are great now..  they have re doen the insides and put in a nice deli type place... they offer pre-made salads that are actually good One redeeming value - Good place to flirt with hipster girls buying hummus or whatever. At least until her girlfriend returns with the chocolate chip cookies and kicks your ass." 7Z7IkR_-94AjUuDw0fbI7g *Scampers away. Scoffs at posted hours.*" But it's closer to my place than the 7th Ave and Osborn store which is significantly nicer so I only go here to pick up something quick.  Luckily  forgot to add how they are always out of their HOUSE BRAND water. Seems like half the time I go there they don't have it. And yes  the Starbucks thing is ridiculous. There is already one in the same complex and then they put one inside the grocery store. Did we really need another one?"  but for big shopping trips I'll drive out of my to somewhere else.. even with the gas prices.."  but not much else.  I usually go to the one up on Osborn instead."  there are plenty of others that will win you over." Confused? Me too. But in my humble opinion it deserves the four because I'm easy to please  b/c while my fave Starbucks (in the same shopping center) was being renovated  like maybe they stole the uniforms.  This store is always understaffed and usually only has one or two checkout lanes open when there are 20 people in line.  None of the employees are helpful nor friendly.  The products are all grossly overpriced.  I did a Fresh and Easy comparison in terms of price of a recent trip there and Safeway was a little over double the cost of F&E!  Yikes.  This is a terrible location.  All Safeways are terrible actually.  I don't like paying double and getting half the customer service I get anywhere else.  No thank you!"  then transfer all  your prescriptions from the Walgreens across the street like I did."  they are responsive about opening another checkstand when the lines get too long.  The cashiers and baggers are friendly and courteous to me.  The customers are an interesting mix." Most of the employees here have been quite courteous and helpful." It really seems like this store just doesn't give a shit. At each opportunity to impress I've started going to the ghetto Basha's at 7th Ave. and Thomas.  It's low-level as hell I have never had a problem with finding what I need and the butcher shop is great.  On the East Coast Bottom line -- you can get away with it for most of your groceries (non-perishables). I would go to another store or to your local farmers market for produce items."  you live close by....it's kind of sketchy. Thats why they have security guards at the door. Produce and selection are good. I think customer service is what really makes this place great. The guys at the deli counter are really nice. There is always somebody in the produce section. Every employee always asks if I need help. The cashiers are always nice ( Rodney and Mercedes). The baggers are always friendly too. Only complaints... I did see a bag of moldy beef jerky once"  the line was ridiculously long because there was only one cashier in the entire store. I am so disappointed in this Safeway and will not return."  or Fresh and Easy on 7th Ave and Indian School. Any time you would have saved driving to the closer grocery store would be more than lost standing in their outrageous checkout lines." They have been making improvements at this location. I just wonder if they realize how much money is actually living in the downtown area? I so wish this store was more like the one at 32nd St & Camelback. I know they can't do much about some of the disgusting people that frequent this store but damn they really do have to do something about the pan handling in the parking lot. If you want a better client base then you got to make sure that they are not disgusted before they ever get into the store.  we gave it a try.  It was fine. Nothing worse than you'd find in the SF Bay Area. Buck up  ALWAYS 1-2 CASHIERS each time I have ever gone there. Littered with trash and filth. I would like to not be asked for $$ one time before walking in by the panhandlers of the day. This needs to be addressed  Safeway.  You are pretty much the only game in town for downtown right now.  You would think your corporate office would recognize this and remodel and class this place up a bit.  You have people who have money to spend living all over downtown Phoenix now.  The store needs to clean up its act My review is for the bakery.  Did you know Safeway has a delicious carrot cake?  I ordered a half sheet for an office function.  I arrive at Safeway and the cake is not ready.  The lady who took my order failed to write down what kind of cake I wanted (minus the one-star).  The young woman who ended up helping me was very concerned and apologetic.  She was able to decorate a carrot cake for me farily quickly and did a wonderful job.  Very refreshing to see that some people still take pride in doing a good job.  replace this disgraceful store with a Whole Foods or a Sprouts or a place with a shred of human decency." I called and orders three sandwich platters and a veggie platter for pick up the day before I needed them. I show up and no sandwiches! No order! Nothing! They also wrote pick up time wrong on another order so us two customers were fighting to get our orders made first. On top of it all customer service was rude. Bad experience all around! The only reason for the two stars is for the poor deli staff working furiously to make 100 sandwiches in no time flat. The one thing stopping me from giving it two stars are the employees.  They're always friendly and willing to help.  I can always start up a conversation when checking out." This store generally has what I need. I like the selection of fresh soup meats and fruit they sell. The employees are friendly and always ask if you need help. I remember once an employee was willing to help me at the bakery after hours which was really nice. My only issue is at the checkout and the bagging of my groceries. If I buy anything fragile I always have to separate bagged items before I leave the store. I've had eggs or bread packed with items that shouldn't be bagged together. Cans and eggs in the same bag really? I remember when I worked at Fry's years ago they had a chart on how to bag groceries.   I am overcharged.  On my last 2 visits it was for over $4.  I make it a habit to go over my receipt The only good news: The gentlemen that bag groceries and collect carts are VERY nice and helpful." They used to know how to design urban footprint stores - there's a building still used as a grocery store that started life 80 years ago as one of the first Safeways - at 10th Street and Pierce - only 1 mile away." I know this is just a grocery store but I have never had such an unpleasant experience at any other grocery store.  The employees were not helpful in locating the items I needed and their selection is limited.  I never get asked if I found everything ok.  Also upon my first visit there when asked if I had their preferred shopper card and I said no because I just moved to the area. At that point I was not offered the option of obtaining a card so that I could enjoy their preferred pricing on items.   If I had the option of a different grocery store closer I would definitely avoid this store. Kind of crowded right now. They are getting better at not allowing non-customers to loiter in the parking lot.  I haven't been approached for money or anything by anyone there in a long time. I feel pretty safe shopping there at night because there is always a security guard at the entrance and I park near the entrance."  but for the location (which is the only ""downtown"" store) It was an honest mistake but the way the cashier handled the situation was totally out of line. All because I got into the wrong lane by accident with two items over the limit." This Safeway is so good.  These people with the bad reviews need to take their bad attiudes somewhere else.  Everyone is ALWAYS so friendly - I visit here nearly every day since the store is near my workplace.  Jesus the check out dude is the best. I will drive a bit out of my way to go to Trader Joe's for the majority of my food.  But for the little things I need to grab (and flowers) I will pop into this store.  Convenience is key. :)" I was a bit surprised that there were 2 longer lines to check-out. Does it really ""peak"" at 8am on a weekday? Hmmmm..." What the hell is that smell inside the store? I was in there at the beginning of June...and it smelled like the sewer came up into the store.....I didn't think much of it...until two nights ago....although the smell was not as strong...its still there! My GF thinks I talked myself into smelling it again.....but I do not think that is the case. Its bad enough I don't feel safe for my GF to shop there....but it has to smell like poo too? This probably the worst grocery store I've ever been to. It's constantly packed with usually only 2 cashiers helping patrons and as soon as you walk in it honestly smells like crap. I gave it 2 stars because at least the deli people have always been friendly and there isn't much for grocery stores in the downtown area. If you can avoid shopping here  do it you won't regret it 7Z7IkR_-94AjUuDw0fbI7g  he should've turned on the light at his register to indicate that he was open and let the patient customers at his store know that he could help the next person."  but the sandwich was delicious. They just seemed to be really understaffed at the deli location." "Unfortunately it's not getting the award for being the most clean or most organized. But it seems to be quite busy. So busy that you  might find a regular finishing off his blueberry bagel while ""shopping"" for groceries (how embarrassing is that!)" Decent selection. Above average produce. Very long lines during rush hour Checking out sucks so much.  S L O W.  Self check needs to be implemented.  Always a line.  Almost never in a hurry.  they do not open up any more cashier lanes...so you can wait in line for up to 20 minutes. It's maddening. This occurs daily immediately following the 5pm rush and on Fri I think you find what you need here - food wise."  after a few minutes got so mad I left.  Keep the $5  it should since their pricing is a little more." Being a mix-raced Transgender couple minding our own business shopping we noticed we were being followed. My partner decided to sample one chicken nugget. They stopped us after we purchased some items and then stopped my partner and said he had stolen nuggets and contaminated the rest of the nugget bin because he was gay. They dragged my partner to unknown room and would not tell me what was going on. They told my partner that he had stolen and contaminated the rest of the bin but they did not remove the rest of the chicken nuggets so they are selling contaminated nuggets to everyone. So if you like chicken nuggets beware they will be probably be contaminated by homosexuality. "First time buying a cake here and I will never come back .This coming from a long time Safeway customerand my father was a employee for 28 yrs .But Paris in the bakery is rude but dressing up a salt water crocodile in a Christian Dior dress won't change the fact you'll end up being decapitated."  I got in and out with no issues. Steaks were a great price. Manager opened check out lane because it was busy (unlike the ghetto service at the 5th street Osborn location  just pretty disorganized and understaffed. I'd highly recommend going to the 7th ave and Osborn location instead." WTF. When will we get another grocery store downtown! The staff suck the service sucks the selection sucks the no one seems to care that there are long lines every night. This location is constantly out of normal items and I have been rung up incorrectly multiple times.  and copper river salmon was labeled as priced $29.99 a pound originally.  Give me a break.  It's less than half that when it first comes out in May.  I only go because it's close.  So is Food City.  I'll go there now.  Same quality anyhow." "Most helpful and friendly pharmacy staff that I've ever encountered. The drive thru can be slow He refused to override the charge for a prescription that I'd already paid for. He told me if I had a problem I could call 1800-Walgreens. I did just that. I spoke with someone in customer service who said that someone would contact me within 48 hours. I received a call the next day saying that my prescription was ready and the fee was being waived. Jerk." and sometimes they have treats for my dog!"  has most everything you would want/need from a convenience store." "EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE HERE! I've used the pharmacy (drive through at night) and store during the day and both were excellent experiences. By accident I left an item behind in the store after a purchase and the employees And it has all of my girly necessities "I've been filling my scripts here for almost three years and Chris always goes above and beyond to make the process as easy as possible and answer any questions. Sometimes the wait for the drive-thru takes awhile Very friendly staff that is always happy and willing to assist with any needs. Every time I visit as a frequent customer I'm treated with respect and kindness. Run from this place.  I have Walgreens for years. No more. The prescriptions are not filled when promised. They lost one that took me forever to get.  Scary situation. How well are you prescriptions being properly filled if they can't the paper work right.  Horrible place. I want to write this to warn you of the growing homeless population that seems to live outside of this location.  I honestly feel bad for people that are stuck in this situation but begging just makes me feel uncomfortable.  Not a day goes by that I shop here and am pestered with requests for money.  The thing is that I don't really carry cash ever so I feel bad for not having any but also feel violated for being requested to shell out my hard earned cash to someone that is setting up camp outside a drug store and speaking low and incoherently and walking towards you and your car.  Gives me the creeps." "Walgreen's=crap.  This particular location has me convinced to avoid Walgreen's altogether for matters of convenience.  Poor service in the pharmacy is common.  This is strange for a place that was built around the pharmacy business.  Pharmacists here=decent people.  The pharmacy techs=overpaid  but go elsewhere if you want to get anything done in a timely manner." do something about the bums and ill consider coming back to your store" "A fairly decent Walgreens. This location did not carry as many items I have found in others Pharmacy is entirely too slow.   This is a busy place.  Either need faster workers or more of them Got a flu vaccine today and although the pharmacy was very busy I did not have to wait long (15 minutes or so).  Pharmacist administering the shot was very professional and I did not even feel the needle! "Wow... So I ordered 3 photo books spent 2 days customizing them and hit the ""same day pick up"" option. It showed me several stores at which I could pick up and I chose this one. My pick up time was 7:15 pm. I showed up at the pick up time and was told by the gentleman who works the photo department that they were unable to make these because they were out of ink. Why they didn't call me when they received the order I don't know.. But these were Christmas presents and I needed them tonight. I asked them what I could do and they said they were calling around to get the ink from another store. The manager then told me I would need to drive and pick the ink up if I wanted these done tonight as his staff didn't have cars. So i drive just a few miles down the road retrieved the ink and came back. Keep in mind I already asked if they could just transfer my order and they said they couldn't. So as I handed them the ink he told me it was the wrong kind. At this point I'm pissed but all I care about is getting these books. He told me unfortunately there wasn't anything they could do and would refund my money.. Which I didn't want I want the photo books I ordered. Before just giving up and running with my money I called the online customer service number and in 2 minutes she transferred my order to another store. Yes I was retarded for not just doing that myself at the beginning... But I trusted the manager of the store... Whatever you do do not assume if it says your order will be ready that it truly will. My mistake that I won't make again." I would like to give them some credit.. They gave me two free books and a store credit when I went back. At least they made it right. Thank you Alex (store manager) "I think don helped me today in photo. Couldn't possibly be more annoyed. No hello. Had to stand there for 10 minutes just to have him huff and puff over nothing. Terrible customer service Very friendly and courteous employees here." NEVER. Just go to the cosmetics counter. Tell 'em Thomas S. sent ya!"  I may be transferring the family prescriptions to Walgreen's. It's a nice change to deal with people who actually make the extra effort and who seem to care  the 16 year old check out dude will wonder why you're buying it at 1:13 PM on a Wednesday afternoon but do you really feel like you need to hide your pleasure seeking ways from him. Make him jealous." This is the only useful yelp I've ever written! How could only one person find this useful? I don't understand..."  this location attracts a lot of crazies and weirdos - perhaps bc of its proximity to the LR station and Central Ave in general."  and that's just the people that work there. They roll one distrustful eye up towards you (the other obscured by emo fringe) and glare at you for even daring to disturb them. As for the people that shop here My only recommendation would be that Take Care hire a medical tech to assist with checking people  they say they know shes there. She has a shopping cart there with all her stuff. Shes friendly  they have been more efficient with their operations whenever I have come through here." I went there today for my son with only partial info on his Insurance (no card) they took care of everything with no hassles and had it filled quick." I showed up without an appointment and without insurance. An hour later I was seen by the doctor and given 2 prescriptions all for under $150. Thank you Walgreens Take Care Clinic." I am contacting an attorney first thing Monday morning. Good luck Walgreens."  this has happened to me before at the same location BEFORE the remodeling. So they can't blame it on remodeling confusion. They are just dumb." I want to see what happens with the displays when Christmas is no longer dominant before I get too giddy Walgreen's as been a life saver at 3 in the morning on several occasions."  you're a fuckin moron." DD04nMRVg0fBGHCX3uCLwA This Walgreens was in major need of renovation and boy did they hit this one out of the park. Walgreens new company style and service has far exceeded my expectations with this location. I've been here numerous times for numerous reasons and have never been disappointed with selection and customer service. I highly recommend anyone who wants to check out the new revamped Walgreens at this location.  and pertussis) and it was a super fast pleasant experience. I opted for the pharmacist to do it  you might want to try the ER if you're carrying your pinky finger in a cup of ice." Convenience stores sure have come a long way.  I recently went here to pick up some prescriptions and I was blown away with the store.  The lighting was bright so you could see everything.  The aisles were not so tall that you couldn't see over them. There were signs everywhere so it made it easy to find what you were looking for.   The customer service at the pharmacy was top notch. They provided me with an estimated wait time and were spot on. They rang up my additional items right there. Even though they were busy each person received such great attention and smiling from everyone there it was heartening. It is also nice to know that they have a take care clinic available right in the store.  I recommend if unsung it to schedule an appointment online. I think they have a restroom here that you can use if waiting for a script as well. I just heard some folks asking and they let them use it. So that is yet another handy item they give."  those in need of a coupon or savings for their special medications.  A worthy face of the Walgreen empire." Last night 4/4/14 we attempted to make a digital print and were having issues. The young man at photo was very unhelpful and rude.  We ordered our print and went in to pick it up today and we ordered a thumbnail instead of a 4x6.  The young woman today Margold(?) salvaged it and presented us with a beautiful 8x10 in about 5 minutes! Thank you so much for turning what was a bad experience into an awesome experience.  In addition I ended up buying some things I would have purchased elsewhere.  he let out a big sigh as if I was causing him an inconvenience. He asked me why I hasn't filled out paperwork (which were nowhere to be seen) and grabbed the papers I had brought (for the physical). He stared at the papers and  looked at them as if they were written in a foreign language. He let out another sigh. It was at this point that he wanted to start the exam  the prevailing customer service attitude is ""Don't like it? Feel free to take your money elsewhere."" They know all they have to do is outlast their lone remaining bricks-and-mortar competitor.)" Love this place! I have been going here for years (since I'm right across the street) and everyone is always so friendly. Just went in tonight and had excellent customer service (like always) which is why I wanted to write this review. Everyone in there is amazing and friendly. True neighborhood establishment!  I was a fan until I came to fill my dogs prescription here. I dropped it off during a busy time and they said one hour to fill. I come back and they say they didn't fill it because of how much it cost. They wanted to make sure I was ok with the high price. Umm...how about call me or something? Too bad. Still get photos here but no longer fill prescriptions"  and the time before that they called me to tell me it was ready and when I showed up it wasn't ready. I'm sick of waiting here and eating my time for my prescriptions. I am taking my business elsewhere."   like playing cards for my mom or magnets... Can't be beat"  this is best option near me since Quick Pharmacy closed. They make a ton of $ on scripts with my family of 4.  Called ahead and spoke with pharmacy rep on site...asked timing for.a prescription that had been called in by my doc. Pharmacy said 15 min...now still here and its 15 min plus 45 more. Pita."  always ask how I am doing and are chatty while I check out."  I've heard  a lot of positive feed back from my friends."  which is great when you need something late. I've had a number of posters printed here through the photo department and they've always been great about making sure they look exactly as I want (even if that means re-printing). The staff is friendly too. I had a chest cold recently and was unsure what type of medicine to get for it. The pharmacist in the store came out from behind the desk and helped me pick out medicine for it these days want a paycheck but don't want to work for it !!"  but what I do take issue with is this store making me seem like I'm crazy. When a company has a parking lot they are supposed to maintain the care of the lot..not only after someone threatens to file a lawsuit against them do you then decide to remove the tree. That was and negligence on their part. Guess what my vehicle is still damaged from their negligence." "A walgreens with no liquor? What am I  has Milky Way Midnights and a good selection of tampons so its not like I am going to stop going here." "I pass by this walgreens on the way home so I stop in frequently. Always able to find what I need. Clean and organized  but by that time I got my photo elsewhere. Save yourself the trouble and just stick to getting snacks  and variety...especially at this location.  Cheaper meds just put them over the top !!!!" Store is clean and organized. Everyone is very nice and helpful. :) Pretty aloof pharmacy staff. They give conflicting information and seem fairly clueless. Some drawbacks to this location are not being as clean as Walgreens is known for Pharmacy: They only have 1 person staffing this location. Takes more than 30 minutes to fill a Rx. Very friendly cashiers. I love it when you go somewhere and you can tell employees love their job.  I experienced 2 very pleasant customer service representatives and my cashier was eager to encourage the sale special. Coupons are such a fun bonus!  I prefer CVS and the customer service is precisely why.  I just was hassled and told I was unable to my returns as it was too many in one day.  After a total of $18 in returns the manager  I wait a couple of hours for a prescription to be filled.  They are as slow as molasses at this location and I don't understand it.  I use the one on 7th st and McDowell and never run into this.  I keep on forgetting that my kids home pharmacy is this one and I need to change that quickly.  I definitely will be using the another walgreens or CVS." Seemed good enough.  A bit messy as kids had been in toy aisle and left toys strewn about on the floor.  Had to wait for clerk to get $7 headphones out from locked display. My generic aloe Vera cost more than that. Guess headphones voted  most likely to be stolen. h-Ospc-uiMH8TLquTeAr3A PS. They have a frequent buyers bonus program to help give you discounts for buying there over time..."  I was prepared to sit and wait as long as it took in order to get my medication at the price I was supposed to be charged.  I ended up spending over an hour in the CVS this time until they finally figured out they were wrong.  I ended up leaving that day with my medication which I paid the amount expected from the beginning and left with a smile on my face and at no time was rude to the ""less than educated"" workers behind the counter because while I waited for them to fix their mix up  I finally tell the pharmacist to call me as I had an appointment to go to.  Then I get a call its ready 30 minutes later.  Really 45 minutes for 12 needles and syringes?  The staff was not friendly  and the time and energy it has taken to deal with this one prescription has been very wearing. Fortunately this is not a life-saving medication  but TSA prevents you from carrying containers larger than 3 oz. and aerosal cans in your carry-on bag. Fortunately there seems to be a CVS in every city I go." So slow. One cashier and 5 customers!!!!!  cliff notes version / African pharmacist who's name I missed refused to fill script after telling me day before all I needed was my doctor to call in  and panhandlers are a near-constant presence by the entrance." This CVS is open 24 hours a day. The pharmacy is quick in getting your prescription ready within 15 minutes. I only use this when my hospital's pharmacy is closed on the weekends. "Open 24 hours - only thing that rates a star; pharmacists lack customer service Worst pharmacy service ever! Messed up my prescription several times this year already.  and they told me to look elsewhere.  Can you imagine having a pharmacy that does not stock/cannot get the medication you need?  I am sick to death of CVS...good f%^&*#@ bye!!!!"  most of which is less expensive than Total Wine across the parking lot. The cashiers can be slow but they are usually nice. The problem with this CVS is the pharmacy. They are a little clueless and some techs are just rude. About a month ago I filled a script there and they said it would take an hour. I needed this script ASAP so I killed time in the area. An hour later it wasn't ready. I'd say I waited a little over two hours for this medicine and then when it was finally ready the pharmacist wanted to 'go over it with me' even though I had taken it before. Yeah right.  He told me I need to get off this med ASAP because it is probably one of the worst ones out there. Excuse me? Are you my doctor? No. MInd your own business. Your only job here is to fill my script and tell me how to properly take it  remember that if it's okay for the employees to shop the sales for themselves here--then it might be happening all over the place. And if they can put one item behind the counter for themselves  annoying experience. I won't be using this CVS Pharmacy again (unless Got a cough or a cold. Sniffles taking the best of you. This CVS location is more than your typical drug store. A drive thru pharmacy is located in the back. Along with a healthcare clinic to help you when in need. Stressful day at the job or need some pick me up there is a small liquor isle. Don't forget to pull out your CVS card to save more.  I've had much better customer service at the pharmacies in Costco and Safeway...and CVS stores in the east valley."  but my name appeared on their kiosk. They said they sent a text and never got it- then the doctor shrugged an claimed Shen wasn't responsible. Incredibly rude and inconsiderate." Constantly making mistakes.  They filled my prescription with the wrong dose.  I didn't notice until I took it and felt funny.  I ended up in the ED with low blood pressure.  When j contacted them all they said was that they would give me the correct medication free.  When I wanted to file a formal written complaint I was told I would need to contact the corporate office.  This goes beyond that service but will be potential be fatal.  but I didn't choose it for these folks. They chose this for themselves.  So "The pharmacy gave me someone else's prescription. They're lucky I opened the bottle and recognized the pills didn't look right before I took the medication and ended up in the ER. I now have some random guy's address My recommendation for Julie is to at least draw her eyebrows on more friendly so that at least people who see her that don't have to deal with her might think she likes her job." Thank you... After a major FAIL with the incompetent Walgreens staff CVS really came through for my family. You said my prescription would be ready in 20 minutes and it was!  I appreciate that you are open 24/7! As pharmacies go this place is ok. The location though convenient is very congested and the pharmacists are incredibly busy. Long waits for prescriptions. The minute clinic and nurse practitioner are great and I would return there. The parking lot is so congested that it's actually dangerous. Be careful!! Super friendly cashier and opens late! Plus in my book!"  and had a horrid attitude. Her name was Michelle. Management should be aware of how neighborhood frequent cvs goer's are  being treated. I'll stick with the drive-thru from now on." Not much to say besides it is frightening how incompetent the staff actually are here.  better than other pharmacies in the area. Good Service is definitely a plus." Stupid pharmacy. I want my drugs!" As soon as this last prescription they've messed up (without telling me) that I'm waiting for comes in I haven't had any negative experiences here. The pharmacist has been helpful  but this location is set up in a way that makes me partial to it compared to other locations.  Their wine section is absolutely amazing and has fun new labels at great prices & often has awesome specials.  They also have a great selection of liquor like Pinnacle Vodka (whipped cream flavors) etc." Don't waste your time with this store chain..Not worth it"""  which are usually on sale for $6.99. There was a sign posted which said $6.99..they rang up regular price. The rude lady stated that she would not change it because the sign was wrong and should have been taken down. (She saId this very rudely)  Ummm excuse me...we believe people should honor the price that's up..it was their mistake not ours. The cashier Katina was sweet enough to call the manager up to refund us the difference."  but I guess that can be expected. I've never really had any issues with the pharmacy either If you must go because of the location I recommend audio taping every conversation with the pharmacist!!!" I love this Walgreens! Go there for all my Pharmacy needs.  vitamins and a new plant for the office.  After all - it is still a Target."  and at the time didn't have it adjusted to fit me correctly. So I walk into this Target today and ask the women at the jewelry counter if she could help me adjust the band. She informs me that ""they have taken away all their tools"" and ""they don't perform that service anymore"". Way to go Target..."  this Target would be... well... not so ghetto. This one is actually worse than the one at Christown (oh  come to find out it's actually a requirement that stores in phoenix have.  Most stores in the area including Fry's and Wal-Mart have at least one at all times." And I really mean it about the Pharmacy  I really don't have time to stand here and wait for someone to come up here. And continue to make my way to my car myself. While the two of them stand there... presumably." 10) Sure beats going to the ghetto Walmart down the street!!"  they are in the process of remodeling. So in March it will be just as fancy as the others. It has a Starbucks for all those folks that need that. You can eve use your Target card there.(Starbucks) It is always clean  one has to weed through the beggars and unattended shopping carts to get to and from the store.... but that's a whole other review."  especially since they added fresh vegetables  so I still go back. Often. Maybe I'll  get a t-shirt that reads ""I survived Ghetto Target""." This place recently got a facelift!  They added a whole new grocery section and redid the cosmetic area and other parts of the store.  It looks nice now...I have been to nicer Target's but this one is so close and convenient to my house.  It is very easy to get to and the parking lot is large and never too crazy...except for holidays.  I always find everything I need...I love ELF cosmetics and they have plenty of that...the clothing options are decent I have seen more at other Targets but its still good!  I really like their Starbucks in this store.  They always get my drink just right and they always have the cups I want if the Starbucks across the street is sold out.  They have decent prices on groceries and I love the Up and up brand!  I find just as good of deals at Target as I do at Walmart!  I have gotten alot of home decor items here and they always have a great selection.  They have a way better selection here then at the Target in the Pavilions in Scottsdale.  The staff has always been helpful and nice.  It is a great Target! with a Starbucks and a little food court. Every other dept is full of exactly what you came for. I even only buy dog food here. They have the best price for  the good stuff.   Lots of parking in the lot as well. Long hours they open @8:30 am & close @9:30 pm.                   Can't believe Christoper had a bad review for this Target.                          The cashiers and other people that work there are fantastic. Very Helpful." "Once again i must sing the praises of  Target. They are so great and friendly in this store. I absolutely love the Pharmacy! They have the absolute best people working here.                             I do not even live any where near this Target.                                         But  and now they of course carry food..... Seems as if all the Targets are starting to carry food.  They have really good fruit and vegtables....so it is almost like one stop shopping.  The stafff at the Pharamcy is really good always happy and always helpful. There is so much you can get here. Lots of parking in the lot.  They have really great hours as well."  that my friends just bought star #5! That extra hour is seriously invaluable seeing as I often get off at 10pm and need to buy groceries and other essentials after work. Add in how incredible the location is with Costco and Fry's in the same lot and I'd give it six stars if I could. Love the Arcadia Target along with the whole shopping corner it's in!"  and the other is Nicole in the Pharmacy dept she has the best customer service" You're like the geyser Old Faithful without the danger of annoying steam burns."  such customer service is the stuff of management-- I truly hope that this guy gets the attention and promotion he deserves. It is very hard to find service like that in retail and what this store has in this man is a real gem. Thank you for making my stressful day a lot more pleasant!"  i have had the good luck to always been nice and kind to me  Target will always have my heart."  or largest target around but you'll still find what you're looking for. Much better service and faster checkout than at Walmart down the road." I got a medium just in case. So I would go to a different target and get a smaller size. Fingers crossed." This Target is nice. They have a grocery section and offer great deals on everything. Super easy to find what you are looking for and the staff was very friendly. It's the place I quick run to when I need something. I MUCH rather go here than Fry's or Walmart. Target is better than Walmart."  I will probably return anyway.  Just be wary of the sale signs - they mean nothing." The Bad:  Products here don't always show the correct prices &/or sale prices.  I don't recommend the pharmacy (Extremely! expensive).   The Good:  Items here are mostly low-cost & has food & clothes.  they will correct it!  It's crazy I know!  Thank you target!"  nothing special about this one.  Only good thing is that this location is close to my work place so if I need anything for my job VxnV1uMZURUQMNUaPdB8QA This particular store is layed out similarly like other Targets Why would you put products out on display that you can't sell? I was going to spend $300 just like that...but this Target doesn't need the additional revenue apparently." "What happened to Target's product quality?  I have never bought so much junk that breaks or is not of quality value.  It used to be a good store.  I just bought the Bissell SpotBot  and the checkout aisles are ran very efficiently. David appears to be one of the shift supervisors  and the staff is very nice and helpful. I do a lot of shopping here based on the cleanliness and atmosphere. I would recommend this target to anyone looking for a nice place to shop."  I had a complete crying meltdown while waiting for my husband to come rescue us. I honestly do not understand the good reviews for this place. Never again." Wish I could give NO STARS I go to Targets in different cities expecting to find something different or new.  Nope.  All Targets are exactly the same.  last year). Didn't learn and didn't look last week. I came home with two expired items. So during today's run we made an effort to look at all expiration dates of items we normally would purchase. Of the 20 items we looked at 5 were at least 30 days expired and three were to expire in 2 days (boxed stuff). That is not OK! Sadly this doesn't seem to be contained to bad management at one store. Shopping trip 1 was at one Target (Tempe Marketplace)  but appreciate that the checkout lines are typically reasonable and cashiers usually friendly."  but appreciate that the checkout lines are typically reasonable and the cashiers are usually friendly." Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review I had to show the ad to multiple people. The sale items is buried in the stock room none are on the sales floor. The other item is on the sales floor but not marketed with the sale price. I have been waiting 20 minutes for a manager to find them.  was so friendly and helpful. He was patient with us and went out of his way to make sure we were taken care of. Thank you for a great shopping experience." Great target! Always clean and everyone here is extremely friendly. My go to Target in the Valley. I live behind this location but I may not return. There is a Walgreens off of 7th Street..." My other prescriptions will remain at Walgreens." The guy that's always checking people out is on crack or something. Don't ever mention anything about working. He will not stop complaining about the company. I'm shocked by all the negative reviews.  I believe the worst part of this location is the homeless people hanging out front  we'll try anywhere else."  I stood at the pharmacy counter for 10 mins.  Not one of them came to ask if i needed help.  It was to locate a footspa.  Idiots now I'm calling there corporate.  I hope they fold.  Walgreens didn't have it as well  still not open even though it should at seven. Really nothing else to say- everyone else hates it  quick! Somebody have a birthday so we can get a cake!!!" Sadly...This store has now closed and is yet another huge empty retail and eye sore in Phoenix.  The owner of the plaza apparently wants exorbitant rents based on the number of shops in that same plaza that have closed."  and going around the store I found the prices to be very reasonable. Then I headed to the bakery and found the holy grail. I brought my treasure home and immediately tried it. Each ""single-serving"" tres leches portion was actually huge Nice people. Clean but cluttered aisles. Really? Not very coupon friendly. Moved to cvs.  the employees are a lot friendlier.  The Drive Thru can sometimes be a pain after work and sometimes you see homeless people in the parking lot but it's 24 hrs which is a plus." Cluttered but convenient - passport photos until 9:00pm. This walgreens is the closest to my place and this review is based on their pharmacy.  It is the absolute worst place to go and I seriously recommend this place to no one ever. It started Wednesday when I drop my prescription off at 9 in the morning and they told me it would be ready by 11. I never heard of any place taking 2 hours to fill a prescription I wasn't in the mood to drive around looking for place to fill it quicker so I said Ok I'll be back. I ran some errands and at 12 noon I went to go get my prescription there was 5 cars waiting outside so I went inside and there was a line of 6 people.  Never had I seen a place so packed for prescriptions so I waited and as I get to the Counter and give my name they said it would be another hour or so. I explained I had to get to work and that I was told to pick up at 11 and it was 12 and the pharmacist named Frank said he would get on top of it and it would be 10 to 15 minutes well he was getting tugged around everywhere as pharmacists usually do but as soon as he got to my script he would type for literally 20 seconds before someone said something that called for a pharmacist to explain what medications were for and have you taken this before and blah..blah.. blah after 30 minutes he finally gets me my prescription and I vowed to never go back they didn't care and probably hoped I was serious being that they have no shortage of customers. That was Wednesday mind you and today my girlfriend took our son to urgent care and he needed medicine for his ear infection and also his rash I was at work but she told me that the same thing happened to her except they forgot to fill the rash creme and told her it would be another hour she was livid because they told her 2 hours and she actually waited 3 hours before she went back because she had to get my son down for a nap being that he was fussy and tired and the same thing happened and they didn't have the prescription ready. We will NEVER return to this walgreens. I will drive an extra few miles to cvs or any other place besides walgreens. I highly recommend no one goes here but if you don't take my word for it I guarantee you will be highly disappointed. "Pharmacy is terrible. The are slow and disorganized with poor customer service. I use them rarely  always trying to help you find something.. Better to be bothered with an offer to help than be ignored! Great service." I give this pharmacy the worst ratings. No customer service. The pharmacy tech thinks his God. He didn't help us. During my whole visit. I seen him be disrespectful to a veteran. He too was in pain. No remorse what so ever. Don't go to this pharmacy. A total of 3 hrs waiting. Never got the medicine my husband needed. Don't go there. Unless you want to be disappointed." Will go anywhere but here."  they don't. I'm now about to take my kids to the emergency room because the pharmacy said they are too busy to fill it. Read the reviews you idiots. Fix your pharmacy staff or enjoy the lawsuits. Second time you have harmed my kids. I will never make this mistake again and will drive to avoid you fools." 59 minutes and I'm walking out the front door. I feel so free!!!!" Would rate zero if I could.   Stopped in today and waited 5 minutes at the checkout counter and no one was there.   Not sure if anyone was even working.   Finally left and left the products I was going to purchase sitting on the counter.   Neve going to step foot inside this store again.  you need to go to the other location"". When I asked to see a manager he rudely told me he was the manager and I should know that because his vest is special color. Avoid this location at all costs." The pharmacy techs are extremely rude and not willing to help. They just act like I'm some crazy person. I am not on Medicaid or anything like that. I have a job and private health insurance that costs an arm and a leg. I can't even get my medication because they are NOT doing their job." "Idk about the reviews. It's like every other Walgreens I've ever been in. You always expect to wait 30 minutes for meds of you wait for them but so nice to get meds ant time of day. It's that way everywhere "This location brings ineptness and mediocrity to new levels. There is an issue ever time a script is filled. My most recent experience was with an antibiotic script. My doctor faxed it an hour earlier; I stopped in on my way home to see if it was ready. They claimed they never received it. I called my doctor and they had confirmation that it had been received at this location an hour earlier but offered to resend it to them  in the proper spot for easy locating. The woman in the department (Bonnie) was very helpful locating merchandise I had dental surgery today.  I dropped off my prescription and was told it would be ready in an hour.  I am siting in line with a throbbing tooth 2 hours and 20 minutes later.  Not real happy. If I could give a zero I would this is the third time I've been in to pick up a medication and have had to wait more than and hour for a medicine pickup. There always seems to be an issue with every single customer. You wait in line for 40 minutes to drop off your prescription and then another hour to pick it up after its finished. This is a Mickey Mouse club house in here. Not normally a Walgreen user. I had to go to a 24 hr pharmacy. My prescription was 135.00 . I didn't have coverage for prescriptions and the pharacist had a coupon that brought my drug down to 24.00. Frys has never done that for me. Sunday nite Jan 10th around 9pm. Don't remember the man's name. He was extremely helpful  the Pharmacy staff seems constantly confused by the simplest requests My fiance just left the ER and came to this location to fill his prescription.  He has been here before.  He had never had an issue before.  Today he had an issue.  The lady at the pharmacy was extremely rude and told him he couldn't get his pain meds because he didn't have an AZ drivers liscence! What BS is that! He went down the street to CVS...much better pharmacy services there. Long story short I got prescribed medication the other day around 4:00pm and the lady told me that won't be ready til about 6-630pm. Already red flag because back in Ohio  don't assume that I'm standing there because I am I part of the passport family who is Indian and I also happen to look brown. I'll pass on coming back here in the future." On Halloween they had a little set up for the kids to eat cookies and drink cider. They had cake decorating too my girl loved it!! Speaking of kids they also have day care up in here! I would so take advantage of this option if I had a toddler. I like the neighborhood feel of this Bashas and supporting local helps me sleep at night. There is one down side to things but its never really bothered me. There are not enough cashiers at times and it could be a problem if you were in a hurry all the time." We had the pizza and @ 5.99 or 6.99 it was rather tasty." Their prices are great and the quality of produce is always on point.  Go Bashas" "After reading a stat about how much more money stays in the state when you shop local I made it my mission to keep my money in Arizona. Bashas had to be my choice for groceries. They are super friendly and always have what I need. One of my favorites is they always thank you for shopping there. My only little complaint is it can take awhile to check out My niece had a dollar in her hand and was pointing at the lottery scratcher machine.  We know you have to be of a certain age to play it.  One of the employees there rushes over and in a loud voice tells me niece she can't play it.  Calm down.  Kids are just innocent and don't need this extra verbal abuse in their lives.  Don't you have something better to do like restock the shelves?  Swear... Racial profiling."  the lighting is done with about a zillion fluorescent bulbs - so it can be a bit bright at night!"  friendly people.  The great thing is it doesn't get crowded like Fry's.  I am disappointed they have a wells fargo inside Slooooow service in deli.  Cashiers surly. Prices high. Selection limited  staff and cashiers are always super friendly and they work hard with what they have to make the store presentable. Its so close to my house that I love coming here. Keep up the good work Bashas employees!"  and a good deal on the sale items.  Not so sold on the standard prices for most of my staples  not the type you expect from a chain grocery store.  Their fresh baked fresh daily rolls and buns are the best.  The deli has freshly made fruit and veggie trays that are reasonable priced and nicely done." I hate this place!!! I live less than a mile away so I ve had to keep giving it a few chances BC its so damn close but Im done! Honestly I get a my stuff at Costco but when I need small things I have to go to this shit hole. I swear every time I leave I'm so annoyed and they re all awful I litterly just almost walked out the damn store and just left my shit! There's no one around to help I had to go up to customer survive to find stuff BC they have no one walking around helping customers like every regular store around... Last time this little 17 yr old (tops) was so damn rude I'm not even gonna get into it but point is this place blows! Still pricy and they're produce is rotting I don't get it whatever tho I'm done I'll make it the extra mile to frus from now on never ever had a problem w them :) finally learned my lesson. I always feel like I'm at a food city when I'm there anyway so dull and shitty ughh This store is close to my house so I come here for the convenience and if I only need a few things. The prices aren't that great. The employees are friendly enough and the store is clean. They run specials that are good especially in the meat department. Great location. Very friendly staff and pharmacy. Small town store feel with big store name. My kids and I are ALWAYS here for something!" Still great store overall. Very helpful staff"  organized store.  The woman working in the cosmetic section was a bit bored and wanted to talk "Nice and close however the pharmacy can be ridiculously slow Went through the drive thru pharmacy the past two times. Had to wait at least 30 minutes both times. Yet due to their employees poor attitudes Great people. Everyone is very professional and helpful.  there really isn't a lot of selection for vegetarian alternatives in the frozen section. Was a little underwhelmed when I saw the sign -- I thought maybe I had found a little frozen vegetarian paradise. Turns out that's not the case." "I usually go for their dairy products like gallons of milk 