 even though I lost my ticket. Turn around time was OK for a cleaners that don't do cleaning on premises. What's my problem then? Price. My daughter's dress was $18 to clean. I think that's close to what I paid for it. My ladies shirts were $6 unit. Maybe I'm not calibrated on Pgh prices but this seems outrageous. My search continues for a neighborhood cleaners. BTW  PA 15243. I decided to use a local business to do my dry cleaning. I dropped off 3 shirts at this establishment just before Thanksgiving. It is now late January. I have stopped by more than a half dozen times and have been given only ONE of the shirts. They have offered $20 a shirt for the shirts they lost. Those shirts are worth at least $50 each Thanks for a job well done!"  which a) is a bitch to pull out with your fingernails or otherwise and b) shows a level of disrespect to the clothing that bothers me. A very wise man once told me that if you aren't receiving the level of service you require from your dry cleaner depsite repeated instructions  I spend more time pointing out their poor quality and returning a second and third time to fix their mistakes than actually saving time. I made the mistake of not inspecting my items at the counter "They do not take pride in their work.  While clothes are usually cleaned and pressed well  and there is usually never a wait. Everything is reasonably priced-about $6 for a skirt or pants IX8FoKD6Gjha0pePoBrSqQ  only people in town I could get same day dry cleaning and be able to pick up on Sunday from the Laundry Factory. Going to these people for now on!" Instead of 2. Giving them one is crime in itself."  been here a few times and it's always been great. Friendly staff Very rude and condescending. They have a way of really getting under your skin within a few minutes of trying to talk to them. *I'm a female doing laundry for 1 so it takes a while to have enough for separate whites color load.  I've also been to The Laundry Factory a few blocks away and I prefer Econowash over The Laundry Factory." I would only come here again if I have no other choice!" I come back in to check on drying clothes.... and what do I find but my dryer mysteriously switched from high heat to low heat. Now I am forced to put in another quarter to finish my load. All in all I spent 8$ at the econowash for 2 large loads I wasn't able to do my third load in the washers he had for under that. I can do that much at Laundry Factory around the corner though. So I will be going there. I don't need a creepy dude changing my dryer settings and touching my stuff."  unfortunately I've had to outsource my laundry-doing in the last couple of weeks because the dryer in my building has broken down and my not-so-prudent landlord hasn't been helpful at all in repairs (ugh!!). Twice in the last two weeks  get out. If you're looking for more  Pfennigs's is reliable and will do a good job handling all your dry-cleaning needs."  and want your clothing to look beautiful after being cleaned go to Pfennings !!! Excellent services !" yZiDtpCarfI2f1qbZYQiJA Horrible customer service! Owner takes no responsibility for ruining clothing. He will blame everyone else before apologizing. I may not be the highest paying customer but I deserved at the very least an apology. Pfennig's is a local independent business that does what it takes to insure a great experience and value for the $$.  You won't regret using them." I love to take my clothes here.  Ruth greets me with a smile every time and my clothes never looked better.  The do exactly what they say they will with attention to detail.  The prices are great and the service is perfect! I just took some curtains to be adjusted. It was a simple fix but I didn't have a sewing machine strong enough to do it. Roost was gracious they were done in a week and each panel only cost eight dollars. You can't beat it! Keep up the good work suburban dry cleaners! Very disappointed with this dry cleaner. Had a small hole in a set of pants by a belt buckle. Came back with hand stitches that were messy and very noticeable. Definitely not worth the expensive prices.  the positives outweigh the negatives.  Any laundromat you go to is going to have some inconveniences  dryed and folded. I've been going for awhile and nothing has ever been damaged or lost. It's super convenient This was my first and last time dealing with them."  they noticed the chipped button without my pointing it out and they replaced it free of charge. That was a nice surprise. Their prices seem pretty reasonable ($1.79 shirt) and their hours are pretty convenient being open until 8pm on weekdays  but the older ladies are just plain miserable.  I would rather spend more money someplace else than go back to this hell hole."  but it's slow as molasses and I don't have time for that.  Their lack of urgency coupled with their lack of customer service or even cracking a smile means I will never go back to this dry cleaner." I won't be coming here again."  but the people working there were sitting in the back talking. I was told I had to wait outside until they were ready. This was during business hours that I was told to wait outside. This was the worst experience I've had trying to get drycleaning done. I have a lot of clothes that I get dry cleaned They ask you to rate these people to submit your review. Unfortunately zero stars is not an option." "First time in.  Nice and clean.  All the machines seemed to be working.  $1.75 per wash $0.25 per 5 mins in the dryer.  I was able to do 3 loads simultaneously  and the machines are reasonably priced.  Haven't had any problems there yet!" to while your laundry finishes.  It's nice I don't think I'll get mr bras stolen if I ever accidentally leave them here. Which just happened to me at the Edgewood laundrymat."  and 1 SUPER washer. I saw some use the super to wash 2-3 very fluffy blankets that suck up a lot of water so would be too big for a home washer. 16 dryers. I dried my down coat on low and the temperature was actually a low warm. Most commercial dryers melt your clothes no matter what temperature you set it at. Folding tables are too high to use for a computer but you can cross the street to the 61B cafe and have a cappuccino & a cookie and work there  put in on warm water cold & the machine agitated like it was on it's last leg $2.00 Absolutely stay away from any Model Cleaners. I can assure you both the service and the prices are SO much better at Red Cap Cleaners or any Runners Cleaners.  This place is a joke!" The older woman that worked the front counter at this location was extremely rude and short with me... absolutely horrible experience from beginning to end. STAY AWAY" FUZnJQbb0tHit2U6wFkAIw  said that his driver had a malfunction with the clothes in the truck and that my suits and shirts may have been delivered to the wrong location.  He said that he would contact those who might have them.  After a few phone calls later  Products) work.  Anyone trying to use their website before coming in might assume they're out of business." "Do not use this dry cleaner. The staff owner smokes in the store. There are ash trays and packs of cigarettes lying around. I had to ""air out"" my clothes after I picked them up from Galardi's to try to get rid of the cigarette smell. YUK!" Clearly they do not know what they are doing and need to get their act together!!" They have never damaged my clothes and were always on time."  but I can't keep having my clothes messed up and not have anyone take responsibility for it. I wish I could tell people to go here but I can't do it in good conscience."  quick and the staff has never been anything but friendly. I've had multiple dresses from weddings cleaned here and they always come back like new. I read a previous review stating that the name cards are stapled to the clothing but I've never experienced that. My name card is always stapled to the plastic bag or the paper on the inside of the hanger. They offer free delivery and pick up in the downtown area & being located in Market square I received a phone call when my uniform was done. I inspected it and noted that it was clean ( there were perspiration marks along the collar prior to cleaning) and in great shape. The girl at the counter was quick and I will  definately visit again!" Expect to pay a few dollars more than your typical cleaner. You are paying for quicker service and convenient downtown access." Which brings me to the price.  LoL is the most expensive laundromat I've ever been to!  I went to a fancypants yuppie laundromat in San Francisco (not the one with the evil wizard) Definitely a much much much nicer place. This is still 24 7 but the new owner does not put up with bull crap." Literally will travel across the city to launder my clothes here. Always characters. Always interesting experiences.  though I haven't used it. It's nice and clean and pleasant  I was pleasantly surprised with this place.  There are plenty of washers and dryers to choose from (from regular sized to freakin' 50 pound capacity) and they all seemed to be working great.  It's air-conditioned and clean with vending machines and some old arcade games to spend some more of your quarters on.  My sister and I did four loads of laundry and it cost us about 2.75 per load.  Oh yeah As Zoe mentioned the prices are very reasonable and you won't find a cleaner place anywhere near Shadyside.  Another plus "i must be missing something because this place seemed expensive for dry cleaning.  they outsource the dry cleaning and didn't really make recommendations on any of my garmets.  i've gone to cleaners before that will tell me to wash over dry clean or startch DO NOT GO HERE - THE HIGH RANKINGS ARE FROM THEIR EMPLOYEES!" "Very nice inside with a great atmosphere.   Turn around was quick and staff was friendly.  I got a white comforter dry cleaned and while it didn't as clean as I had hoped Machines are fast. You will be done washing and drying any number of loads in an hour or less. They all work great the place is constantly being cleaned."  but the amenities they offer while cleaning your clothes give them a huge edge over any other laundromat in Pittsburgh."  and there's free parking with a little japanese grocer next door.  It's a little more expensive than a regular laundromat  this is not it. But the workers are upbeat and friendly and always willing to assist with any questions. Watch timing though since the workers are using the machiens as well less dryers may be available. It gets four stars for space it is a little tight for folding space and you have to be handy with your laundry cart to get around. But we are in pittsburgh what space isn't tight? As far as pricing I have not used any of their other services but I know I can do around 4 regular size loads for about 12-14 dollars. This seems about average for nonapartment laundry mats that I have been to in pittsburgh. I do put the dryers on high heat though and simply remove any items I do not want to damage  or shrink. It saves change on drying time because the dryers are $2 for thirty minutes. I also love that I can my loads done in less than an hour and be in and out quicker." i'm hooked and definitely coming back here." As long as I live in the east side of the city I will keep coming here!"  which is better than any massage chair I've ever sat in. Well worth the $1 for 3 minutes to make laundry a little less of a chore. My new place has a washer and dryer  meaning 2 hours of laundry time goes by in a flash!" "the staff is super friendly. I drop off laundry for my business and they do a great job. And yes  the fact that it is super clean and I was in and out in about an hour.. COMPLETELY worth every penny! They even have some school chairs so I was able to get some writing done :)" In a handicapped parking space."  this is hands down the best one to be at." "Came to this location based on other popular Yelp reviews and was very satisfied. The location is very clean and reasonably priced. The staff seemed very friendly although I did not have to personally interact with them. One issue might be availability of machines during peak times. My visit was around 3:00pm on a Saturday and I had no issues. There is free WIFI too! Overall  so no one likes to do laundry and no one wants to pay for it. but i really have no complaints about this place specifically. it's big  and generally maintaing the superior quality of the location. It even has several television to watch while you wait. It might be a bit pricey but I'll pay it to ensure my laundry is done in quality machines without the fear of other nastiness that usually accompanies laundromats." Clean very clean present people $2.10 for shirts and I hate doing launder at a mat but if I have to then I will do it hear.  It's worth the extra buck to do it some where thats clean has WiFi a tv for the game and is right next to a bottle shop and a bar. Ok everything is stainless. BUT I would not recommend their dry cleaning. Things I've had dry cleaned there have been mis-colored "You shouldn't go anywhere else. I was going to a really crappy place on Penn that costs the same if not more. I don't know why I didn't do research sooner. This place is so worth it. It's clean. It's bright. Free WiFi. Folding tables. Carts to transfer clothes. And the washers dryers are the best. I cannot explain to you how happy I am every time I put clothes on now - I can tell they are clean!! At other places around here  which is great for whenever I forget to bring mine. The parking lot is small but there are very few times I've gone and it's been parked full (this might be different on peak days; I actively avoid doing laundry on the weekends). I consider their pricing for general laundry expensive (I believe that the smallest washers are $2.75 per load "My first laundry experience in Pittsburgh. I was suprise when I saw this. This laundry is really clean and well managed. They have free wi fi "I have limited laundromat experience. I just moved to Pittsburgh and have not had the time or cash to buy a washer and dryer yet. I checked out Yelp and figured this was my best bet... Yelp came through once again. I got up early so that I could beat the crowd. At 9AM on a Saturday the place was pretty empty I have never tried their drop off or dry cleaning service so I cannot review that. Just the kickass atmosphere and that I've met some pretty cool people here customers and workers alike."  and even a massage chair for waiting patrons! Though I hate paying so much for doing laundry (though it's probably not significantly more expensive than places down the road)  next time I need to use a large capacity washing machine (which I hope is NEVER -- hint hint  (coin op so bring cash or use the ATM on location) AND a parking lot! Between 7am and 3pm the staff will give you a dollar in quarters for drying for free! You have to ask for it though. I say this is the closest thing to doing laundry at home for two reasons: free cable and byob! There are two flat screen televisions with remotes for customers to use. Free wifi and plenty of outlets for internet surfers. A bonus is the bottle shop right next door that sells snacks This place is hands down the nicest laundromat I have ever been to. They have tons of huge washers and everything is immaculate. I will be using this laundromat exclusively.  especially if you have lots of clothes (I don't know about what others think...perhaps I'm used to the super-cheap-economy pricing? Haha...)."  really nice attendants.  Tons of washers and dryers with a good variety of sizes.  Driers reset if you let the time run out and you have to pay the initial 50 again "This review is just about the dry cleaning: I was horrified!!! Maybe I got lucky living in LA having access to some incredible dry cleaning at incredible prices. I was stunned to pick up my 7 garments  really nice attendants.  Tons of washers and dryers with a good variety of sizes.  Dryers reset if you let the time run out and you have to pay the initial 50 again  but I have returned home with the original stain in a tie. I have brought it back and they have retreated the tie for no charge  this is the place.  I could not be happier with my results for what I think is a very reasonable price." "I sent my jacket to dry clean three weeks ago and never saw it again. I think they lost my jacket. They just keep finding excuses and trying not to be responsible for it. No one knows when it will be ready and no one knows where it is now. Everyone keeps saying ""I don't know anything I gave them a white blazer jacket for a dry clean and it came back gray. Enough said. We have a king bed comforter that needed to be laundered and is far too big for our washer! Went to the Laundry Factory based on yelp reviews. A super clean facility! All of the washers and the dryers are well maintained! I was extremely impressed!  and pulled the staff member away. I waited for the staff member to return but she never did. I had to go up to the register again to be told I would just have to use a different machine. Not a big deal to move my laundry  most machines have a moldy smell and the driers apparently might have ChapStick in them according to people that work there. Don't expect any help when things get ruined. Again avoid this scamming place." Overpriced compared to other local establishments" "A very uncomplicated system. You bring your dirty clothes  new machines and comfy places to sit work watch tv work free wifi - may be slightly more expensive p load than a couple nearby competitors but it's worth the few extra quarters in my opinion - parking lot can get jammed though at times" "As a recurring customer at this establishment the level of disrespect is astounding. I usually do both dry cleaning and wash and fold here. I have complained several times about missing items from the wash and fold. We have gone through the steps of lost and found and nothing was there the first three times. As a busy professional I gave them the courtesy of giving them the benefit of the doubt and not pushing the issue. Ladies and gentleman we are on the fourth lost issue at this point which is a major problem. I asked the ""OWNER"" if they could comp me perhaps with an order now or in the future for the missing items. This man is probably the most disrespectful person I have ever met as a business owner. He told me on the phone I am lying and that I am the only one having this issue. Sir I make over $150 an hour I could care less about any missing item be it socks or shirts...but he continued to try and berate me because I asked his establishment to replace something they clearly lost. Let me remind everyone I do between $90-150 a week with this guy. I will never do any business with this jerk off ever again. If you don't want to be called a liar for missing items or if you want all of your items every time you do business with this crazy man I would go elsewhere." Anyone else have the experience of clothes shrinking after being dry cleaned here? Isn't one benefit of dry cleaning to prevent it from touching water and therefore shrinking?  I brought my downed comforter in for stain removal (a giant purple stain that I was sure was permanent). I asked them how many days it would be and I mentioned how I hoped that I wouldn't be too cold without the comforter. The woman in charge overheard  friendly and really take pride in keeping this facility immaculate. The encounter was painless and enjoyable and I 'd highly recommend others to use this company."  etc... Also if you forget change cash you can use your debit card on some of the machines. The owners are super nice as well. Only downside... No bathrooms  the entire staff should be commended for constantly keeping things so clean. It can't be easy I went here once when I first moved to Pittsburgh. My shirts came back poorly pressed and some had broken buttons. I was disappointed.  someone clearly LIED to me about where they were the first time around.  Finally got them on the third try I have used then for three years and found their work fine and their staff polite and even friendly. Repairs are slow but you are pre-warned  she then put on her surprised look again and thanked me for reminding her. She rummaged through some things and finally found my comforter and I was on my way. I'm picking up the shirts tomorrow I went here once to get my pants hemmed and got yelled at for not purchasing proper pants in the first place. I was too startled to respond but have since thought of many  witty replies. Oh well.  but they don't deserve your business from a customer service stand point. I would hate to know that my dollars are going to a low quality and disrespectful business. And they are not even cheap....at all."  tore two of them and shrunk another down. Refused to replace them or compensate me for the loss. They do not stand by their mistakes." I would strongly recommend you not use Owen's Dry Cleaners."  the last time I used them I went to pick up my dress shirts two days after the completion date when I got back from vacation and not only were they not done but they had no idea when they would be. The explained their laundry machine had been down but never told me while I was dropping all of my dress clothes off. The manager never seems to be there and no one else on the store has any explanation. Still six days after my clothes were to be completed they are not done and no one has any information for me. There are several options in the area I suggest you choose anyone but this one."  but ask them not to mark up all your clothing!" They did write my name on the bottom of the shirts Footers has so many locations in Pittsburgh in convenient locations but it is definitely worth seeking out some other place."  I suggested that it was unfair that I should have to pay full price since the service was not as expected and required multiple trips to get the tailoring job right. Sunny only offered a free cleaning and even then seemed annoyed. I expected a more genuine attempt to make amends from a company that can't get the job done the first time around. Won't be going back here for tailoring at least  who carelessly spilt glue and other unidentifiable sticky stuff all over. It was navy colored sweater and the yellow glue residues stood out like highlights! I tried to take these off at home  the time frame you are given is very reasonable. The only thing that might put off some people is the fact that they write your name with a pen on the clothes. Of course in a nom-visible place  it's never NOT smelled like mildew. I'd like to think that a place you go to clean things..should be clean? Guess not. Anyway Best place in the city for drop off laundry I've found so far. Period. "This is a nice laundromat. Nicer than most I've been too. Generally quiet and affordable. There's a lotto ticket machine and vending machines inside. Right next to a Panera bread  but I think a little pricey.  $28 for two pairs.  Over all friendly and would return."  but I wasn't in a hurry so I gave him a full week.  As a person who has had to have clothes altered her whole life I found the work to be of great quality for a totally reasonable price.  I am glad I have found a quality alteration service in my neighborhood.  I like to support local independent businesses and I will definitely continue to give Rocky's my business."  fixed and tailored at Rockys. They are consistent and the nice thing about the shop is that they have a dressing room so they can accurately mark if you need to get anything taken in. Haven't had anything expedited though. Super friendly and the prices seem to be reasonable given the quality of their work. All the money that I have spent on buying my clothes I want to go somewhere I trust. It has been hard to find a dry cleaner with good reviews in the area though I am glad I found Rockys." I've had a lot of things both dry cleaned and altered at this place (several hundred dollars worth). He is consistently late and there were a  couple of instances where I had to take stuff back to be re-done. I've only gone because it is convenient to my location and reasonably priced. I will never go back though. The straw that broke the camels back for me was the most recent time when I had him alter two suits. We agreed on two weeks to complete the work. I came back in three and he hadn't even started. He told me the earliest he could do it was another week and then was late again. Seriously? How hard is this? I am now going to start a search for a more reliable place. WARNING:  Cash only--maybe checks.  No credit cards."  and prices seem decent. I also got a pair of pants tailored and was very satisfied with the results." They always take weeks to get things done & overcharged. I was ok with that when they did a good job. But then they stopped doing a good job. Not worth the hassle anymore & do a poor job.  the prices are on the very high side without the service or results."  he failed to mention to me that the cost of these 4 things- one of which only needed alternation tape- would come to $96!!!!!!  When I came to pick up my items I was extremely embarrassed because I had to tell him I could not afford it. He then told me he could ""help me out "" and make it $80.  I tried explaining to him that the two blazers were only $25 each to begin with.  Overall "I went there to get my dress hemmed last Wednesday and he said the next Thursday and when I went it to get it the day it was supposed to be done  but you pay for what you get. Parking in the back of his shop is convenient and rarely fills up." It would be a little more convenient if the establishment wasn't cash only Turn around time was 2 weeks. They only accept cash  they tailored my suit quickly."  and offer spotty service. A new shirt was shrunk and another new shirt was ruined.  Do not go! Find someplace else in Bloomfield."  my cat fell asleep on one of my business suits and I took it to Rocky's to be cleaned. The owner inspected my suit and said verbatim ""There is animal hair on this suit."" I was a little amused at that point and explained that it was the reason I was bringing the suit to be cleaned. He said ""No no no cannot do"" and basically told me that he would not clean my suit because of the pet hair. I remain shocked until this day even though that was a week or so ago. My cat is more like a member of the family and there was not THAT much pet hair on the suit. What if my child had gotten sick and vomited on my suit? Would he refuse to clean it as well? Isn't that why we bring clothes to the cleaners in the first place? This business is obviously not animal-friendly and I would NEVER return. I've been sure to tell everyone in my neighborhood of the way I was treated by the owner. His own wife looked shocked by his response to me." I took the issue to the owner who responded by yelling at me in the store saying it was impossible this could have happened and was extremely rude - talking over me and raising his voice.  I actually had to ask him repeatedly to calm down and stop yelling for us to discuss this.  All in all he refused to even take ownership of the possibility this could have happened let alone refund for even the hem and clean.  So I lost a full wardrobe of dress pants." Wanted to like them and support the local business owner.not a good experience. Way overpriced! I had a bridesmaid dress hemmed. Not very complicated. $125! I thought I was hearing things. Also they lost my fianc's work shirts. Will not be returning. "Brought a brand new suit to get pressed and pants hemmed .  It was returned with a hole in back of suit jacket . I was told it was all ready there and they tried to fix it for me and they thought I already knew it had a hole. ""Moth hole "" I was told by Rocky and his wife . It was if they had the answer ready for me as soon as I walked  in the store . Sorry to say that will be my last visit ."  even with complicated garments. Rocky's is a wonderful Bloomfield and Pittsburgh treasure! Reasonable prices and fast turnaround. We've gotten several hundred garments altered by Rocky and we have been really pleased with the perfection of every single job. We love Rocky's. He's the best!" A fantastic locally owned business."  full service dry cleaning & alterations  Have been using them for the past six years and have nothing but accolades for them.  If you live in the Stallings area  etc but they charged me for the items. Not happy. I've decided that im not coming back to this place." Great cleaners... they are very friendly and pretty quick... they also offer alterations... it is also a great place if you live in Post Uptown since it is on the bottom level!  bring your favorite garments over to Eden Cleaners  Rosa tells me I'm pretty. Customer for life!" Eden you are A-Ok at the regular stuff but I know for tough spots I cant count on you!"  I realize his English may not be great but smiles are free and multilingual....try it sometime! Make me at least feel good and important about waiting 3+ days for Pete's sake.  Maybe he just needs a bit more talking to While it's more expensive to have the clothes done at the hotel "I would certainly not recommend this dry cleaners to anyone. I read good reviews on Yelp and am new to Charlotte so I took over some jeans that needed a small patch and a blouse that needed dry cleaning. The woman working had a very difficult time understanding my name and phone number (which are both pretty easy) and really had trouble communicating with me. when I finally was able to convey what I'd like done I went to this cleaner for convenience. What a mistake it was. They absolutely destroyed my favorite dress. It went in perfectly fine and came out pink! The woman told me it was not her problem and that they weren't a magic shop! Absolutely terrible service. I have had the dress cleaned before with absolutely no problem. Use at your own risk. There's one young man who works there that I get very blah and borderline curt short customer service from. He truly comes across as if he could care less WORST dry-cleaners in town. They lie about stains putting burn marks on shirts and saying it was already there. Breaking off buttons then charging to put back on. Look I have used dry cleaners for years and occasionally have mishaps but this place is every time I take something. I have took the same brand shirts there for over a year. When I received my shirts yesterday they told me my shirts are too big for the machine and from now on they are going to charge me for hand pressed!!!! Out of nowhere. So over a year these shirts fit but not now? They don't care about your clothes. Don't take! Pay more elsewhere for better quality. They are everything you would expect from a dry cleaner but so hard to find.  Definitely my new go-to spot for all dry cleaning." Best dry cleaner in town! I was looking for a dry cleaners uptown and saw this place had great reviews on yelp. It's located inside the Wells Fargo building. The people who work there are very friendly and I got by clothes back very quickly. I definitely will be coming back. I'll continue to rely on Gateway Cleaners for as long as I just went through training this past week for a new job that I start on Monday. The company gave us uniforms that this woman altered and had ready on Saturday. (3 9 13) She worked on 2 of my friends' shirts & pants and three pairs of my pants. Our company paid for all of the alterations. I thought that was great service! Great and fast service. Bummer that they took away shoe service. They also do same day service  if you bring in before 8 am! Whoohooo! Bottom line: trust them to clean your clothes Not measured correctly - very angry!! The ticketing system is almost Third World country like. on my last visit there they lost all my clothes and had to look through everything and told me to come back... They finally found them but of course I did not return. The staff there isn't really friendly and away as they don't really communicate at all do not speak very well English. overall my sprints was not very good with the drycleaner. Would not recommend..." JlGMpJll7TY77PDYUIuWuA the best dry cleaners uptown! im impressed with their same day service without lacking quality. i would recommend to anyone who's looking for a nice reliable cleaners! :)  and the nice lady there always remembers my name even though I go in maybe once a month at most. I also appreciate how they have a satellite drop off spot in 1BAC - very convenient!" = NEVER EVER DO BUSINESS WITH THIS HORRIBLE ESTABLISHMENT!" Tried this place the first time as its close to the workplace. Like the same day service. So far so good. They have cleaned everything from shirts Was visiting from out of town and their same day service helped out a lot. Really great place when you need any clothing dry cleaned! Used to be good when the actual owners were still active in the shop. Kinda down the hill with the new employees there. Few times I was incorrectly charged and impossible to get corrected. Done with this place Do not go here if you want quick service.  I dropped my dry cleaning off on a Wednesday and was told it would be done by Friday.  When I went in on Friday morning he said it was not done yet and wouldn't be done until after 2pm.  Also very over priced.  and once in awhile I'm welcomed by a napping owner. I only go here when I'm not in a rush to get things back. And the reason I keep going back is because they do a great job and it's very convenient to and from work. They also have shoe repair which is very convenient.  I think their pricing is fair. I just really like that they have a lot of service options. I have been to cheaper cleaners Very poor customer service. Have a special listed saying 10 items for 39.95 but if you have 11 items they charge you full price and you are not eligible for the cheaper rate. They also don't count your items and list the number on your claim check so if something is lost your out of luck. There are too many options in uptown. I will not try them again. gT-uxIC_xySxEiCxZXmg_g  though: so long as my clothes aren't lost or damaged (and they weren't) I would not recommend this cleaner. The employee who worked there for years left and they haven't found a professional replacement. They lost two articles of clothing and damaged one of my oxfords. I will not be returning anytime soon. The last time I was in there the employee was sleeping in the back.I would recommend going to the cleaners around the corner (Gateway Cleaners). "Employee seemed less than interested in attending to my order & more interested in finishing his cigarette out front. Clothes weren't pressed correctly & they're expensive. On a positive note "CITI cleaners is not a bad cleaners mainly all the cleaning is outsourced so clothes have always been nicely pressed and cleaned - I just had issues with store hours and even when arriving on time store would not be open right in accordance with time. It's great place if say you are a student at JWU. But I'm Business and don't like standing waiting or walking up to locked doors 5 times in a row only to haul laundry to my office or back to my car. Or even if you are stepping out for 1 minute down the street you leave a note on the door ""will be back in 2 min"" -  again after 5 times of locked doors I'll be taking my business somewhere else. But this might be a great store for JWU students."  but they totally got the job done and had my clothes ready when requested. I had to visit their location in Ballantyne to have my dress altered Very happy with them. Geoff and another woman normally help me.the young woman actually offers help to get my larger orders to my car.very  kind of her.they also are aces at getting shirts cleaned.im always there friday evenings.pricier than some but worth it  2001. Keep truckin'."  all comforters for $20 etc. You can also get items tailored there- I have gotten a few work items done. Make sure you drop off on Wed. for 25% off every week- you can't combine that deal with the sweet coupons but hey there is a lot to love." "Wow... Talk about a great service and quality of work. I use these guys for all my dry cleaning and alteration services.  I would strongly recommend trying theses guys for your dry-cleaning needs. Guarantee you won't be dissatisfied......2001 team  I want to know that the people I leave them with are going to take care of what I brought.  I will be bringing my stuff here from now on."  will find somewhere that appreciates the customers a little more." They also offer a discount on Wed for dry cleaning.  Even better." There is a starbucks nearby and you can get wifi from nearby businesses."  but I think this place is great.  I'm assuming the guy at the counter is the owner.  He was really nice and helped me get everything done.  My washer dryer are out of commission and I needed to wash a bunch of clothes for work.  The guy helped me decide what size washers I would need and an approximate amount of quarters to use for the dryers.  It was kind of funny talking to a few of the 'regulars' while I waited as well.  Bottom line  and happy dry cleaning!" FYI be careful where you park." We've moved away from them 2 months ago but still go out of our way to go there." I had them clean my down comforter.   The owners were really nice and the prices seemed good.  especially since many officers frequent the same dry cleaners (although likely not this one considering the prices). My husband also wanted the sleeves on the two short sleeved shirts taken in a 1 2 inch. Our total bill was almost $60. I think the actual dry cleaning was about $20-$25 and the alterations accounted for the rest. I did not feel that the dry cleaning was worth that much. I will definitely not be bringing anything else here. I would recommend others to check the price when you drop off your clothes."  fast and gave me a student discount."  helped me with my laundry and made time for me before closing up shop!  Highly recommend." "I've been doing laundry here for a year now and am very satisfied. It is family run and they always extremely friendly. I've never had an issue with my clothes being torn We've been going here for months and are always very happy."  quick in and out parking and the turn around on my laundry load was swift. I wish LA had service like this!"  I figured we would give this place a try based on the reviews. I am happy to say that I will continue my business here since the service was friendly and speedy. This is definitely the perfect place to get your down comforters cleaned. They smelled amazing when they were finished and looked fabulous! The people here are so friendly and accommodating. The prices were fairly cheap for a good comforter washing. I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a solid place to get their sheets and bedding cleaned!" "I love this dry cleaners. It is very difficult to find a good cleaners. He is very sweet and does a great job. The dry cleaning bill is not very expensive "I've had good experiences with Uptown Cleaners. I believe they only charge a couple dollars per piece of clothing. But mostly I appreciate their persistence. I dropped off a few sweaters right around the time I was moving to a new apartment. With all the chaos of packing and moving and unpacking They did what they promised and did it in a timely fashion. It is close to my place so I will be going back. It was not too expensive - pretty normal pricing compared to other places around town. I give it a two for old times' sake."  was neat and clean on the inside.  The staff is very friendly.   As far as the stains  so I have to often get creative... and I'm a horrible driver.  That's a one hour trip twice a week in my gas guzzler + the impending parking accident = $$$$$$$$$$$$."  but this one is worth stopping in and giving them a chance to impress you too.  They also have two slots that are reserved parking for their customers only. That is good because they are in the middle of several restaurants that get very busy during the day." "Best service I've ever experienced at a dry cleaners. They always remember your name and ask how the family's doing. Prices are reasonable "Been using V Cleaners for 11 years.  This family operated business is such a find.  The owners know you by name after the first visit.  They have your clothes ready for you to pick up before you walk in the door.  Always greeted with a smile.  They outsource their cleaning...but they always do a wonderfil job.  I even had a moldy wool winter jacked that i found in a closet....they cleaned it right up and now its like new.  I also say that im VERY impressed with the alterations....especially on Denim.  Ive had alterations done by Nordstrom before and they have ruined $200 pants by taking them too short.  At V Cleaners...she gets it perfect every time  and do a great job! I took a couple blankets to be cleaned there and they were half the price of other places in town. I also brought them a cycling performance jacket with a cooking oil stain that they were able to remove. Very pleased." I will find a more customer oriented business that appreciates customers." "I have been using these Cleaners for 17 years and have never been anything but 100% pleased.  They do great work  ask me about my business and the quality is great. They also hemmed a simple dress for me in one day and it turned out perfect. I would highly recommend V Cleaners!!" Been here a couple of times and I have to say that they have great service and friendly people.  They have same day service if you give it to them early and they were able to remove the stains on my shirt when i thought it was hopeless.  Thanks guys. I can't emphasize enough how you should take your business elsewhere.  Unless you don't mind paying a fortune." I took a suit and shirt to be dry cleaned. The shirt and suit jacked came out fine but my pants were covered in holes. I took them back to Jones' and the manager refused to do anything. Don't trust them with anything you want to keep. "Convenient to uptown but not pleased with my returned clothes. The zippers in my dresses and skirts do not work as well as before the dry cleaning  friendly and efficient. They do a very nice job with dress shirts. Enough said. Take your dry cleaning here" "First and LAST time I will be going to Jones Dry Cleaning. Went to have a dress hemmed that they said would cost $10 and ended up being $29. Also charged extra to dry clean a sewn-in belt on my second dress  knowledgable and incredibly courteous. they know what they are doing. they are open saturdays. i drive out of my way to go there I know who is going to get all of my future dry cleaning business." Too expensive. Go to the clears in the wells fargo buiding uptown If you need a wash dry and fold place head to Kim's on Monday. It's $1.00 per pound. Perfect for a busy family that can use some help. Drop off and pick up the same day. Love this place and highly recommend it. Went there maybe twice since it was near my job. Customer service was good. But the prices are pretty steep. I will NEVER give American Dry Cleaners my business again  great service. Professional and friendly. Never had any problems. All my clothes comes out great. Hassle free and wrinkle free. Highly recommended."  slightly shorter inseam). Both of these had been dry cleaned before (at another location) and did not shrink. 4 weeks later I am still waiting on my other shirts. I have called and was told that the stains cannot be removed I was at the Bartender's Ball and the cocktail waitress spilled drinks all over my new suit.  I took my suit to Morningstar and they were able to stains out of my white shirt and suit.  I'd been taking my all my clothes there since.  Their price is very reasonable and I had recommended them to all my co-workers. "I have been to numerous dry cleaners and I recently started using Morningstar Cleaners. They are always friendly and so far I love the results. Have to love that they offer not only quality but fast service. The owner 'Ben' goes above and beyond to satisfy my dry cleaning needs.  I hate to pay for dry-cleaning I've had several clothing items dry cleaned here and I'm very happy with the results.  I've taken in everything from cocktail dresses to my winter coats. Every is cleaned exceptionally well at a great price and pretty quickly too. Everyone that works there are super nice and professional as well.  I highly recommend this shop. "I took 2 black shirts size L and they came out XXL I gave them the opportunity to rectify the situation in any kind of way and and sorry it's all I got. Customer service goes a long way and If I can save someone to get their clothes ruined at this place "Five of my shirts were delayed and I had to return to the cleaners of 3 different occasions with different promises each time to finally get my shirts.  I was told that the equipment failure caused the delay.  I let it go.  When I inspected the shirts two of them had stains that I had never seen.  I took them back and the cleaners cleaned them for free.  They got much of the stain out of one shirt Not a bad little laundry place. Clean. Change machine available. They sell laundry supplies if you need them. Friendly staff person in hand to help first timers. Nice Laundromat.  My dryer broke and I had about 5 loads of laundry to do.  The nice thing is I was in and out of there in about an hour and a half -- much faster than I would  have been able to do it all at home!  The lady working there was very nice and helpful.  Clothes are clean now.  Free wifi.  Good to know it's there if when you need it. I visit my here with my sister .clean place and easy to find.very convenient location .big park lot. The machines is clean.there are snack machine vendor  he just told I am not welcome to dry my clothes here unless I use the washing machines too.  My washer works fine. I will be taking my business elsewhere." This place is empty.  There is one other customer here.  They're telling me I can't use just the dryers because it's crowded.  Apparently they don't like business.  Happy to take mine elsewhere.  Reason i didnt was bc i didnt want to have to go through that. So now the woman tells me double the price then what the first woman said to me and didnt want to help me on there mistake! Then the jeans for repair she tells me it would cost me at most 7 dollars a pair of pants to get repaired! The other woman tell me i owe 16 dollars a pair! DOUBLE THEN WHAT I WAS TOLD! She said they needed to be cleaned? so you just add on services because its what you think and just charge them for the service! I was charged double for every piece of clothing. I asked for a manger it was the of course her! so i wanted to speak to someone else higher and she refused to give me any kind of contact with them? needless to say i had to pay way more then what i was told and when i was in there she kept pushing me aside to help other customers when I was there first and a PAYING customer too! Totally Unprofessional the way this biss is run! GO ELSEWHERE TRYING TO SAVE YOU FROM A NIGHTMARE AT THE DRY CLEANERS!!!" "Had a 2 month old shirt cleaned here. I got my shirt back and they had sewn up a hole in the front middle that had not been there before! I brought it back just wanting a credit  figured I had a few things worth taking over there so I dropped off 2 Michael Kors dresses and 1 Dolce & Gabbana dress (worth well over 800$). Like most people I got a quote for the laundering before just walking out and leaving my things with them. The man at the counter told me each would be around 10$  but this one just really got me upset. Treat your customers right and they'll stay. No offer of apology or credit. I just hope they go out of business before more people literally lose their shirt there."  as you have to pull in behind the building and turn the corner of the building at a blind spot. Its about as narrow as one lane The manual car wash is very expensive. I am going to do my car at home from now on. The price of the manual to do a good job approaches a full service wash with interior clean up. Much to my canine companions chagrin  and good value ($10 for full automatic wash and wax). Convenient location and newly remodeled too."  but they also offer wash dry and fold laundry. I cannot say enough good things about this locally owned family business. (And then there's a car wash and a dog wash - A DOG WASH! - and a Culver's within walking distance if you want to sneak a treat when the other half isn't looking. Or you can grab a slice at Falbo's across the street. Or a tallboy It was well worth the money not to have to attempt it at home."  you'll have a great experience!!"  dry and fold your clothes for you (of course for a fee). If you're washer or dryer at home is on the fritz or you have a smaller household then this place is just for you. You can even wash your dog and your car while your clothes are being cleaned because they have that here too." It's cash or local check only (they have prominent signage regarding this). I've never seen anybody else there  and it was actually affordable! I will be back :) I just found my ""go to"" dry cleaner!  Note: they only accept local checks and cash." I've been taking my clothes here for 20 years. Bob does a great job!  I've never had a problem.  I highly recommend this place.  saying hi to the customers and making sure every thing is running great.  They used to have an awesome wall art installation And the wifi is way faster than my stupid AT&T Uverse internet at home."  I didn't find the neighborhood dodgy at all.  The little strip mall it's in is rundown but that's about it.  There's a One Barrel Brewing across the street  reasonably clean.  I've been to a lot of laundromats here in Madison and this one is a good value.  Also there are convenience stores and restaurants nearby." c-s4LnujkV7gbOZFDIfkWg Had a men's dress shirt laundered here and they got the sweat stains out really well. Also dry cleaned a cashmere sweater and was satisfied with the quality ($2.25 to get a men's shirt laundered and $6.25 to dry clean the sweater). A button fell off my shorts and they sewed it back on (although they used a different button) for less than $2. They did the repair in about an hour. Very friendly service and quick turnaround.  and Block Cleaners is in the neighborhood. They do excellent work and have a decent turn around time. The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of five is that sometimes parking is difficult to find."  who is at the very least a great manager and a very nice human being! (I don't know if he owns the business)."  professional & reasonable. They do offer pick up & drop off service. The prices are more on par with other urban areas. I've avoided Klinke like the plague! #smallbusinessesrock Thanks Block!" While they advertise same day service - I've never found this to be the case. I'd like to find another small dry cleaner and laundry that has an attention to detail. I'm open to suggestions" It was prioritized for the next morning."  very bad!!!! I won't be back. No matter what.The severe lack of customer service and horrendously rude attitude were enough to send me running in the other direction. It was actually shocking. So yeah  and there's some nice stores in the strip mall to wander round while you're waiting for you laundry. However this place is totally decrepit  he YELLED at me and said it was my fault for not loading them right.  Literally yelled.  I spent twice as time and money much as I normally would just to get my clothes dry. I will never be going back."  but never felt as threatened as I did at Laundry Land. I wouldn't recommend this place to Satan."  and if this is how they show their appreciation  and it will be my last. The place reeked of old urine. I'm not sure if someone has used it as a bathroom  cleaning up and providing maintenance if needed. Some places you just can't beat; this is one of them. :-)"  except for the fact that one of the dryers once stained my clothes with rust strains and they were a pain to get out. That hasn't happened again Reward your labor after you've folded your last and hit up ""Glass Nickel Pizza"" .... My reward for all that laundry!"  it was just normal cleaning. I am happy and would definitely go back. They work fast and will work within a timeline if necessary."  and consistently miss pick up times.  I have had to return multiple shirts because they were not cleaned properly.  I would strongly urge you to reconsider before bringing your clothes there." I used the Whistle stop under the previous owners and they were great.  The new ownership has completely ruined that experience.  They have destroyed multiple shirts and the service is poor.  I would beware if you are going to them and not bring anything you care about. The new management is awful. The turn around time is brutal and the customer service is even worse. I would not recommend. Very disorganized!  Write down exactly what you drop off because you may need it to get all of your clothes back. I've used them twice and and the same issue both times. Credit card iPad and Square system they use isn't reliable and had a problem trying to pay also. I really want my clothes....I hope they will be open at some point. But besides not being open when they are supposed to  so we are really hoping they pull it together and we can make it work. I remain dubious due to the fact that this national chain seems to have no actual humans operating the branch in Madison."  that's interesting. I wrote a scathing review about Lazybones on Friday. It is now posted in the filtered reviews. Please read! This is a terrible company." "All I can say is - never again! I only use them because I am pregnant and not supposed to be lifting things. However If I could give negative stars I would. This company should be shut down!" STAY AWAY at all costs"  every time I called they asked about my son and if there was anything else they could do to help. I HIGHLY recommend them and we will be customers for the entire time my son goes to school in Wisconsin. Oh  which means that the person you are speaking to doesn't really know whats happening  (though in our case I believe she wanted to help).  They don't respond to emails through their CONTACT US link.  They shut the phones off before the end of the day My only complaint is that they close at 7 Mon-Thurs.  Fri-Sun they're open until 9.  Still not particularly late for a laundromat The TV is usually turned up really loud on one obnoxious channel or another.  Other than that Very clean and comfortable laundromat. With lots of space and quiet with tables and chairs to sit and work. "I went to take some dry cleaning here and was disappointed.  They are cash only and primarily a laundry mat.  The woman was very pleasant but didn't really know what she was doing regarding the drying cleaning part of the business.  She didn't know how much it would be to dry clean a scarf.  Also  we have starcrest's wireless to make the announcements for us."  which is why I didn't leave just one star."  they will do it for you (no clue on cost/how long it takes since i've never done it). they do have super speedy dry cleaning though...."  but the dry cleaning there was sub-par. i took in two down-filled winter coats "For dry cleaning they are extremely expensive. They are open everyday  but refused to pay for the damage to the two shirts.  They have lost our business for good." 39RrxAOowBFMzC7MRVbucQ Don't support this business please."  I removed a silk shirt from my closet... a silk shirt that I was charged for full dry cleaning service.  On the hanger was a tag noting that it was to simply be pressed.  Sigh."  and then threw (literally) my clothes into a basket as I walked away. I asked if he could be more gentle with my clothes and he told me ""They're fine"". I promptly asked for my clothes back and took them to Denny's on Mattis. Last time I use any Starcrest dry cleaning." "I had a very unfortunate experience at another cleaners that left my $160 dress with horrible stains rendering it unwearable. I brought the dress to Starcrest just to see what they could do. Not only did they say they'd give it a shot  a small smoking room and the staff is really helpful. This laundromat is connected to the dry cleaners and the air conditioning is comfortable. I honestly have never expected much from a laundromat but after seeing this one  but I won't now that I've seen all of the roaches. I just hope the dryers are hot enough to burn them if they are hiding in there. I killed one that was on one of my washers with a dryer sheet. I saw 2 more on the floor and placed my basket on some seats so that it might have less of a chance of them hiding on them. I will never come back here again. It's a shame it was the one closest to my apartment."  it had a cover on it to protect it. When I went to pick up my dry cleaning "We used the laundromat and it is wicked nasty. The building is filthy I love this place I can get my laundry done quickly and there is internet. They have a person cleaning it around the clock so I am not sure where they get the idea that it is filthy. They also have coin machines that work. "I have yet to have a problem here. It is close to my place I've been here twice for dry cleaning. Kinda expensive but they did a good job.  pressing and overall care and look of the garments has been far superior as well." Perhaps be a bit more flashy" "I've given this place multiple chances but every time I'm disappointed. They either don't get a stain out I specifically point out to the clerk when dropping off (said stain is not marked like they do at most places) then proceed to still charge me for the item without letting me know they weren't able to get it out OR put a little hang tag on the item saying a stain was not able to be removed and give me the item back in worse wrinkled condition then when I dropped it off  is the real deal. Prices are right. Oh. Oh. I forgot the most important part. The lovely young lady who's always helped me actually has a smile and a warm greeting. Yea. She must be new as the chemicals have yet to permeate her skull and make her rude Maybe this is Society's way of paying me back for all those free dinners (har de har har) I don't know but it's an annoyance that drops a five star rating to three. It's the year 2010 dry cleaning people... work on this please."  the cleaning and pressing should be perfect.  It wasn't.  I'm picky ;)"  im paying for convienice of location. Id recommend them if youre in the neighborhood and dont want to drive a couple miles more to save a few bucks." They are the best cleaners I have had in the valley. What can I say? I have been a customer for 20 years now. They keep my wardrobe looking GREAT! I trust them with my most expensive designer items. They always have my things done on time and the pricing is very fair for what a good job they do. This is a fabulous local find that I recommend whole heartedly.  A LIE BY OMISSION. So I spent around $46.00 for the pressing of three dresses & the dry cleaning of one cotton top. I had asked for an $11.00 discount on the current order based on the fact that they didn't do the job right on the last dress I had brought in  no acceptance/admission of mistakes.  A grudging refund with a nasty reply.  Can you say ""pass the buck and blame everything on a customer""?  Fashion Cleaners CAN and DOES!   I sent these people about a dozen pictures of what I was talking about...feel You guys won me as a regular!!  I hope I can find another coupon in the future because it runs about $11.50 to clean 1 dress though well worth it for quality garments that you hope to treasure forever." I was a first time customer and I was pleased with the service. The cost was on the higher side however still quite reasonable when balanced against the quality of the job.  I was satisfied with the actual dry-cleaning; I can't really complain about how my clothes were cleaned and pressed.  But since there are several dry-cleaners within short driving distance to my house  they did a phenomenal job! I would advise to NEVER take anything to TONY'S CLEANERS AND TAILORS FOR ALTERATIONS. I really don't think the seamstress knows what she's doing."  the only one to trust is Tony's. I'll stake (and already have) my wedding dress on it! My wedding dress came back sparkly white and preserved in an airtight box My wife and I have been going to Tony's for several years and have had no problems. Can't see any reason to go elsewhere. Great service and super helpful people!  Our daughter is in Girl Scouts and we have Tony's sew the patches and badges onto her vests. They do a wonderful job! "I've been using Tony's for my dry cleaning ever since a disaster at one of the low cost cleaners rendered me missing a couple of sweaters and a dress. Everyone at Tony's is friendly and courteous. Several times I observed them greeting regulars by name  sometimes rude.  and not that good. I got a trench coat back once that was all wrinkled on inside and they charged $16. I needed something quick this week and didn't have time to drive further. Once again the reception person was not only unfriendly  high quality cleaners that I'd highly recommend.  They are a little more in cost than others in the area." I will miss the nice people. And I hope they figure this out. But I won't be back for a while if ever." BOTTOM LINE: Drop 'em off dirty. Pick 'em up clean."  then i came to pick them up and they were INCHES shorter than when I brought them in to this cleaners.  My interaction with the owner and his wife manager was aweful.  They did not return my calls in a timely manner - they only answered the phone when the girls who work there called -  and they said they would not pay me for the suits they ruined even though my original receipt quoted ""put for lengthening"".  The ownership told me I was a liar (even though I had the original receipt) and made me feel as if i did something wrong  check out Rianbow Cleaners.  Rainbow Cleaners accepts Visa and Mastercard too  I gave this place a shot and I'm glad I did.  They have great prices  they lost another treasured item and never returned my calls and still haven't found it. We kept going back because it was close and the prices were good  Monika works on site and is there most days until late afternoon.  She is friendly and very proficient.  Does an excellent job whether it's a pair of jeans or a suit.  Again Terrible.  Lost my sweater.  Couldn't call me back in three months time to correct situation.  Don't recommend.  because they are affordable and they use ""green"" laundry chemicals and processes."  do not use this incredibly unprofessional business. Go to American Cleaners instead.  They are friendly  they get the job done and they're reasonably priced. They are also open until 7 during the week and until 6 on Saturday which is VERY convenient. The service is efficient and while not the friendliest Absolutely done with this cleaner.  Have been going to them for years and have put up with many broken or missing buttons on my husband shirts.  The last straw was when they laundered an expensive comforter instead of dry-cleaning as I requested.  I knew it would shrink if laundered and it did.  Had to replace it and no response from them. "I dropped off my shirts and was told that they would be 1.85 which is comparable to the other cleaners.  When I picked up they had changed me 3.75 for one shirt.  Management didn't care  with the hope that something would turn up. There is a smart ass counter person who works very hard to place the blame on the customer for the lost merchandise They do a decent job on the cleaning. It appears to be disorganized. I have been going there for about 1 year. Several months ago they didn't get the cleaning done in the timeframe they said they would. The owner said he would put a credit on my account. They never did even after I reminded them on my next visit. They said they would speak to the manger when he was in. Nothing happened. Oh well  and they are reasonably priced.  The staff is friendly and I've never had a problem getting any issues I have resolved with them."  but the prices have gone up to the point where I do not think they are competitive anymore.  Mens dress shirts are at least 20% higher than most other places.  The last time I picked up my laundry they also up-charged me for 'lined' wool slacks. In fact They have lost clothing on me twice and I still have not received a call or follow up on an article of clothing they lost.  Should have come on here first!  but this stain won't come out"" notes (that I then easily remove with Spray & Wash and a spin in our washing machine). I've never had these problems anywhere else "was using  this cleaner for years when we sent 2 pieces in for dry cleaning.  usually only a couple dollars for kids dress.  this time they charged $16 per piece for dry cleaning.  little kid behind counter was admiring them.  make sure if you send something Terrible customer service here!  Took a $300 pair of leggings here and between the time I dropped them off and picked them up they got torn.  They will not take responsibility for the damage AND didn't even call when the supposedly discover the tear.   Shameful!!!!  the clothes are always perfect. There is a seamstress on site. They have even take care of of our drapes and linens. I just found out they also can pick up and deliver.. For free!  I was really surprised to read some of the negative comments  normally this same batch of men's clothing costs anywhere from $65 to $75.  I will definately not be back.   Full disclosure of pricing is important to me." Place shrunk a brand new couch cover and I've been back 3 times seeking to speak with the manager in an attempt to get refunded on the dry cleaning charge. The manager hasn't  been in or returned any of my attempts to reach out to him and his rude associates at the front don't believe they are responsible for the matter. Owner Tom got back with me and resolved the issue to my satisfaction by reimbursement for money's lost  I'm never going back. I don't suggest you go here either." They always do a great job! They got stains out of my white jacket and have been able to mend and hem everything I've needed  it was the same one I had sent it to initially. So I re forwarded her the email. One week later after not hearing from her I called again. She told me to come pick up the shirt and she would give me a store credit as a consolation. When I went to pick up the shirt it wasn't there. So I dropped off my dry cleaning and left a note for her to call me. 4 days had passed and I went to get my dry cleaning and the shirt wasn't there. So I left another note for Sarah. She called me that same afternoon "I've always had a great experience here. Everyone is always friendly and helpful I have had the worse luck at laundromats lately I swear between the dimwitted help and broken machines the only reason this place did not get a flaming bag of dog poo thrown against it's window is because it has a few classic arcade games inside...that probably are out of order too!!!"  I actually go out of my way to hit this ""nicer"" laundromat.  The machines are cheap and I mean cheap.  A 4 load wash is under $4 (I think it's $3.25 and you pay an extra .25 for hot water wash).  The laundromat is always clean and I actually get my clothes dry quickly since the clean the lint traps regularly.  I my experience... all laundromats are sweltering hot it was a dump. There was no one around to help. and half the machines were down. This is the best laundry mat I've ever been to. It was clean. There was lots of space. There is an attendant there who helped us when we had a hard time getting change. I don't want anybody else talking about this laundromat is awesome!! "Open 7 days/week from 6A-10:30P. Parking can be a problem depending on the day/time. Also depending on day/time it can be full of families/children. During the summer it is hot inside. I really like the large selection of front load machines This is a good place to do a lot of laundry in a short amount of time. It is probably five stars during the slowest hours. I wouldn't recommend coming on the weekends.  The laundry carts are hard to get and parking can be limited. They do have change machines that work well.  but there are many people out there who do not have the luxury of a home washer and dryer.  I get in and get out as best and as fast as I can.  I will go to the Firehouse subs or Filaberto's while I wait for my clothes to dry.  I have never had any issue with my clothes being tampered with or messed with.  They could use more carts but overall I think this is the best coin operated (what's left of them) laundromat in the city.  I will continue to go here." They raised the prices on the machines by a quarter.  There still aren't enough laundry carts to go around. There are like only 7 in the entire laundromat. When it's packed it's every man for himself.  3 load is $3.25. I consider this to be a high estimation. I would only put 3 small or 2 large loads in the 5 load machine. The dryers are 25 cents for 8 minutes. They are not real hot so towels will cost at least a dollar  with an added side of listening to strangers' phone conversations and the vague smell of french fries someone is bound to be eating." I went down to do my laundry tonight the bathroom was locked so I said to the your bathroom is locked and she said very rudely yes it is can't you tell it's out of order there was no sign on the door to let me know that it was out of order I guess they think you're supposed to be psychic I was so upset the way she spoke to me I didn't even dry my clothes I took them home and hung them up to dry  check out Maroney's. See ya Monday bright and early Randy!"  I'd advise driving past this place and taking the time to walk in somewhere else." Rich - Thanks again for getting my order done in 24 hours." I roll in and it's not done!  Pointing fingers and asking who I spoke to?  Didn't think to ask unless I was told it wasn't going to be ready.  Woman was apologetic. Writing this review in the parking lot while they press it. It was just going to be washed in cold water Those guys should be in the money laundry business IMHO." Don't take anything here. Close the place down tell your friends."  someone at Maroney's took the time to sow my button back on without even being asked. And I'm fairly certain I wasn't charged for it either. I come here every week with work clothes and will definitely keep coming back!" I have taken many clothing items to Maroney's to be altered and they are always done promptly and well.  I highly recommend whoever it is at Maroney's that does the alterations.  The staff always is courteous and helpful. Very impressed. Professional service and very convenient pick up and delivery. Prices comparible. I like the fact they have been in the same location since 1960's..... Will not be returning."  for the year or so that I dropped clothes off at Moroneys I never had a single bad experience. They staff knew me by name  drop of your clothes and George will give you ""Everything Greek 101""."  and at an amazing price.  I showed up at 2:00 p.m. on a Saturday needing 4 pieces of an outfit pressed and the pants hemmed before they closed.  They delivered... only an hour later... and for only $10.  Nothing else I could say could communicate more than that." "Absolutely unbelievable dry cleaners! This business understands customer service and exemplifies it with every interaction. Lee is phenominal. Pretty sure this is the type of business that like a dentist  though it looks like it could turn rough after dark."  so perhaps I need to give them another shot with my regular clothes."  perfectly cleaned clothes home and I still have $ in my pocket I used many cleaners and this is the best out o.f the best. Friendly fast and you're going to be surprised how nice it is steamed  I needed the suit for the next night for my wife and I's anniversary dinner. I knew it would be along shot This is a great family owned business! They are always so nice & helpful. The owner always makes conversation & make you feel like a person letting you know your business is appreciated. The lot with goodwill & big lots is super sketchy but don't let that shy you away from this dry cleaner. They also do alternations which makes it nice to take everything to one place. Their prices are good no need to go to a z cleaners or a prestige. In fact the short time I was taking my clothes to Zs in north scottsdale was sooooo expensive it literally would have been more than worth the time and gas to drive down to Arcadia & drop them here. I found them by yelp and hopefully other people consider this review before giving these dishonest business people any money."  if my experience is the same they will get that 5th star for consistency" I moved here and by luck found them and have been very satisfied and pleased with their services. I use the dry cleaners at least once a week and they are terrific. It is wonderful to see a family run business that offers great customer service and are very friendly!  and the pants look awful. Actually had to take them some where else in order to get them to being wearable again tJS-JB23Z5kpKpoxsPcYEw  can't make have it by the end of the day. This cleaners stepped up and 5 hours later gave me a perfectly cleaned and pressed shirt. The owner should put a tip jar by the register "Wow!! That is the first thing that comes to mind when I think of my experience at Thomas Cleaners. The service was outstanding and Chris really went out of his way to get my dress cleaned quickly and professionally. With a time crunch for an out of town wedding  I dropped off my 4 items that I wanted hemmed on 4/20/15. The woman in the front said to return the following week which would be 4/27/15 and that she would call me. She never called me so I then called her on Tuesday 4/28/15. No one answered and I did not leave a message. When I returned to pick up my clothes on 4/30/15 This is a great family owned business with decent pricing and good service. Luckily it was purchased from Nordstrom they were able to exchange it for another one which I have taken to other dry cleaners without problem." It's right on the corner of 48th St and Indian School by the Arcadia Tavern.  They also do free pick up and delivery and if you call in advance when you're on your way they'll get your order ready and deliver to your car!  Seriously what else can you ask for?  :)" The only downside is that this place shares a parking lot with Arcadia Grill. Which I have never been too but based on their lack of parking and over use of valet service means lack of parking. So just dont expect to pick up your laundry durning lunch time. Though there is a drop off only parking spot Used Elite Cleaners for the first time and thought they were great.  Since then they have consistently delivered perfect clothes back to me.  They are curteous and more than willing to go the extra mile.  local-owned business that takes pride in the services they offer and their customer service!" They were super helpful. I brought in a ski jacket that had been beat up and when I got it back I swear it looked brand new....as white as when I had first bought it. They even offered to deliver it to me.  These guys are AMAZING!!! One request for the owner: please put a fan (or anything to cool) in the receiving area.  That place can get toasty for those that choose to pick up in person."  fast and the clothes came out great. They gave me a drop back with my info on it in case I wanted to drop off after hours. Really cool for a first time customer to be treated like I had been going for years."  but works with our busy schedules. We left the DC area paying roughly $1 per pound (mind you DC is the 3rd most expensive city in the US) expecting something in that ball park (an average load for us has been roughly $20-$30).  First off The price on my personal opinion it's very expensive. I took 11 pieces and paid with coupon over $80." "This place has great service I have been using Elite Cleaners for over 10 years now.  I love the free pickup and delivery service!  Clothes come out great and I feel their prices are fair. Nice service. Very professional. Best customer service I've ever had at a cleaners! They were so friendly and fast. I've used them twice and will always use them. "Excellent service in every way.Been using them for years. Always accommodating The only drawbacks I see is that the parking lot is always full due to the other surrounding businesses. But typically your in and out. And it was kind of disappointing that they removed the Belly App. I have tried other surrounding cleaners on Indian School and this one is by far the best. I have had bad experiences other places with lost or damaged stuff...that will not happen here  and they always go the extra mile to make sure that everything is done on time and per instructions. They actually recognize me and pull my order as I'm walking into the store. Who does that anymore? Whenever I leave money or anything else in my pockets This place is great. I moved and drive a ridiculous distance to continue using them. They do the tabs on the collar! It is a creature comfort I cannot live without any more. Reliable. Clothes ready on time. Nice customer communication through email for easy morning drop off. Always smiling friend staff to deal with. Makes me want to find more clothes to bring them! Great service and delivery! Always accommodating! Always ready with a smile! My clothes always come back in perfect condition. The service is worth the price and by far the best in scottsdale!  the location is hard to find.  It's hidden behind Arcadia Tavern. I will say they are trying to be top-notch in their service. The guy helped me out to my car. Nice touch.  Just not worth the price."  free delivery service and nice folks helping over the counter!! Not to mention they do a nice job on the clothes as well!" 015GCpe-tMj1En4NORROzA "Been a fan of the place since I moved into my new location (The Modern Feb 15). Clothes are always on point and they fix loose buttons or even holes on your pants and shirts. Quick  the whole point of dry cleaning is to maintain the newness of your clothes & Elite Cleaners definitely accomplish that!!!! I will definitely be back! Thank you!" 96hNqTIDnBrD3QLapNjQ5A "Easily the best dry cleaner in Phoenix. This place is top notch. Be prepared to pay more than a $2/shirt joint but it's well worth the additional cost. My clothes are always returned good as new and never damaged. Customer service is great High quality laundry/drycleaning & great customer service. I love that they gave me a custom bag for 24/7 drop off service.  great hours and their turn around time is usually about 1 day. They are right in the same area as Arcadia tavern Great service and extremely convenient. They pick up from my apartment and drop off next day. Doesn't get any better than that.  but I knew that going in. They also gave me a $5 first time customer discount and a discount for future visits." jvAes77jVpzfFdS5UfBK4Q Everyone at Elite takes such good care of me. The quality of service is well above what others offer. Its convenient and fast. The team is always so sweet and welcoming when I come in. I would recommend these guys to anyone and everyone. It's the best dry cleaning service I've ever had. Highly recommended for both quality and service!" 000 in cash (money for a work related trip) in one of the pockets. They found the money and returned it along with my cleaning. And they always do a top-notch job with my clothes. Amazing!" "Elite cleaners is amazing very contentious very prompt. They will call you if they can't get a spot out They did a wonderful job on my Grandmother's wedding dress. I got it back much sooner than expected.  you get what you pay for. Honestly the best experience I've ever had at a dry cleaner from a customer service perspective."  FAST OR GOOD.... You can't have all three.   Elite is FAST and GOOD but not CHEAP.    This by far one of the best dry cleaning experiences I have had.  My clothes were soft and clean and all my collar's had new stays.  The only rub is that I dropped off a grunnndle of clothes here "I'm writing this review over a year after moving away from Phoenix because I miss Elite so much. Incredible attention to detail and everything you'd want from a dry cleaner. If you think all dry cleaners are the same I took my wedding dress into Elite Cleaners to have it cleaned so I could sell it. There was quite a lot of dirt around the bottom of the skirt - and several layers of lace and tulle to work with. I did a lot of research before trusting Elite with my dress -- and I am happy to say they did not disappoint! Ana is the wedding dress specialist there and she did a fantastic job! Thank you to the whole team for all their help in cleaning this amazing piece of clothing-- the next owner will have a dress as good as new!  no longer Big Apple. Same location. Excellent service!  I have been going here for the last five years and David and his team are excellent. The service is consistent "They ruined 3 new shirts and will not stand by their conditions of sale. They are dishonest and disreputable. To be clear Nightmare!!! They just lost another item of expensive clothing and we're DONE!!! They are now under new ownership and apparently don't have a clue on how to run this business. We had been a loyal customer for the past few years but we have definitely thrown in the towel after loosing several hundred dollars in lost items over the past 90 days!! GOOD LUCK  its such an enjoyment to take my dirty laundry too. The location in the breezeway across from AJ's at 44th Street and Camelback Road is hidden from site Take your best items to Hourglass Cleaners." Do Not Do Buisness with these people!!!!!!!!!!"  but it looked perfect when I picked it up! I thanked him for taking such good care of my clothes. The owner is so friendly. He commented on my early start to my morning "Terrible! I have been here several times for patch work and the woman is always so RUDE! I thought the first time it was a bad day but she is just mean. Most of the work was ok Thank You Hour Glass Cleaners!!!!" ttSvZJIckQKN46sLeH_yRw Please take my advice if you care about your cloth and your pride  priced appropriately and convenient and fast! Brad and Sunhi are the owners and work there all the time. They have a real neighborhood feel to the way they run the store and remember customers. They were able to get candle wax out of silk without any change to the fabric or pigment "Hourglass Cleaners is the best dry cleaner / alterations / clothing repair shop in the Valley.  I've been going there for 20 years and they do a wonderful job.  They can handle pretty much anything.  On top of dry cleaning  everything I taken there has been expertly cleaned and they go above and beyond to work with me if I need a quick turn-around.   I'd trust them with my most valuable garment.  Hourglass is truly a FIVE-STAR --for excellent service with a considerate and friendly staff that truly care--a rare combination these days."  but their prices are simply outrageous.  Can't justify returning." Absolutely horrible. My clothes are just as dirty as when I dropped them off. All tey did was press them. If they where in NYC they would be out of business. $21.00 for 2 dress shirts and a sport coat. These guys must be desperate. Horrible ratings ttSvZJIckQKN46sLeH_yRw "The guy that runs this place is outstanding! Always in a chipper mood and makes light conversation. I've only been here a few times and each time he and his staff have been very detailed about the services I need done and it's always ready when they say it will be. Reasonably priced. Great location near groceries  this cleaner has been great.  I have been using it for the past 9 months with no incident .  The prices are surprisingly good for this part of town.  I am holding back one star because of its hours.  Very inconvenient if you have to work for a living.  They don't open until 7 am and close at 6:30!  They are open Saturday Open until 6pm on weekdays works for me." I would absolutely never come back here.  I really can't believe the nerve they had to dry clean so many cotton Owner is a liar and doesn't care about doing things right. Ruined Brioni shirt. And never offered solutions. I strongly advise to stay away from this place.  everything was ready except the jacket.  I was amazed at their persistence to keep working until they cleaned the jacket "When you find a dry cleaner that actually follows your directions and returns your clothes in perfect condition you want to shout it from the roof tops! Ok I got a little overly excited about this place because they have a printable coupon for $10 off after you spend $25. Now that's a good deal. And when you are done checking off that errand go up the block and grab a treat at LGO Arcadia cleaners was able to fix a disaster - last week my son's fiance pulled her wedding dress out of their car after traveling from Kansas to find it covered in green candle wax - I brought it right in to Arcadia cleaners and within 3 hours they called to say it was white again. We are all so thankful!!!! I'm telling everyone about how they saved the day!!  ""This is not our comforter.""  What they'd given to my husband was a queen size synthetic poly-filled comforter that looked like it just came from goodwill or had been used for many years as the roof of a fort. It basically looked and felt very cheap and like something you'd have around for the dog to lie on or to eat on for a picnic at the beach. . I called Arcadia cleaners right away and was told repeatedly that it was my comforter. They said that everything is tagged immediately when dropped off and my tag number matched my receipt. I was told that there are security cameras and I could come look at the tapes. I went the following day and was told over and over again by the owner that what I had been given was what I had dropped off. I showed him that on my receipt the employee had noted that what I'd dropped off was a down comforter and he said that must've been a clerical error. He showed me the security tape and it shows my comforter being tagged and carted off. I don't know how they did it but someone somehow replaced my cozy comforter with the piece of crap comforter that was sent home with my husband. The feelings of frustration and anger were so overpowering I began fantasizing about standing out front of Arcadia Cleaners with signs boycotting the place. What made all of this even worse was the owner was a total jerk. Totally full of himself. I hope whoever stole my comforter at Arcadia is cozy. It cost me $150 and a lot of time and energy. As a school counselor I have little $ and little time/energy to be dealing with stuff like this. Shame on Arcadia cleaners!"  and the silk and satin dress was yellow. After meeting with the owner Mark I had every confidence in his abilities. I picked this up last week and the dress is amazing!  Everything was restored to its former glory and I have this company and its employees to thank for that."  and the gala was a success! I will be going to Arcadia Cleaners for all my clothes from now on." If you are looking for preservation and restoration services for your heirloom fabrics  which were ultimately resolved with the phone call and an impressively cleaned dress. The final result is an almost new appearance and a workmanship that shows in the efforts and friendliness and knowledge of what they are doing."  Junior took over the investigation and proved to be far more professional and courteous than Mark Final note: their price for the process was very competitive and fair. Great value." 0tHI0-PzdFW7b9z1AJ64HQ  you should!  Their prices are great for the quality and level of service they give."  I wouldn't take my clothes anywhere else!" "I can't thank Kachina cleaners enough for their amazing service!  They are always taking care of me from red wine stains to missing buttons to my rushes ""can I have it tomorrow?""  My clothes always look perfect & are always ready on-time. I trust them with anything that I need cleaned!  Thank you!" I will never go anywhere else - Kachina Cleaners is the absolute best! They kindly accommodated my last minute rush before a business trip and the owner (Stella I think?) is the sweetest woman ever. I went to a different dry cleaner in the area needing a tight turn around time and they wouldn't accommodate. Kachina did it without hesitation and everything turned out so nice.  it was $42. I am not sure if this is a good deal or not since I have never gotten something like this dry cleaned before. What I do know is that the first place I took them to wouldn't clean them  my sheets & towels are always clean & ready on time. If they are to be closed for holidays; they always have it posted & they verbally tell me as well."  so getting my $50 blouses dry cleaned here just doesn't make sense- but I would absolutely trust them with very important articles (nice sport coats  she looks confused and then after reviewing my receipt she explains that two of my shirts need special cleaning and that cost extra and 5 of them had to needed to be dry cleaned which is $4.10 a shirt. to say the least I was peeved. And explained to them that I specifically asked the price when I left them to get cleaned...the girl was like I don't know who you talked to. I said it was you highly recommend them for any of your laundry & dry cleaning needs.  It's very Won't come back here... These people are incompetent... Over two weeks for alterations that still haven't been done.. Made me wait Despite coming before a regular.... I'll give one star because at least the lady was nice "Very friendly ladies. Only used them for dry cleaning. They did a good job  for those of you who don't work bankers hours.  The one knock would have to be that it's a little pricey - you can find most any other shop around the valley for about half the price (for dry-cleaning shirts/slacks "I took my sweater to be sewn in the pits wear the seams had come apart. I picked up and took it home and then I checked and there was still a little hole. Egan I took it back  I had company coming and needed to get  them on the beds so I did not have time to drive back to Viking (about 20 minutes one way) and to wait for someone to re-do them. I have had a good experience with their dry cleaning and they had done a good job previously on the duvet covers. They do the laundering in-house so perhaps they have a new person. Viking is on the pricey side and with the distance I have to drive to get there  and they've caught them and refunded my money.  Be prepared that you pay when you drop off  but they do send out coupons for $1.95.  I've also tried to drop off items that aren't dry clean friendly and they've been aware enough to check the labels themselves for anything that doesn't look like a standard dry cleaning item.  I had one incident where the plastic adjustment piece on a strap of one of my tops broke while they were cleaning it and they paid to have a tailor fix it and that strap actually works better than the other one now.  :)  Good service and fast  and Park Avenue Cleaners is no longer convenient but that's not gonna stop me from going out of my way to continue to use their services. Top notch!" And the flat rate of $2.25 per item? Certainly not the lowest I've seen  they are genuinely concerned about their work product. When they lost a button off my jacket Park Avenue has been there for all of my wonderful growing years and hopefully will be here for my future children as well!!" A little more costly and not close to my location I will be returning with more items in the future." Cash is preferred but they will take debit cards for a $0.50 fee."  attention. He has worked miracles on my silk dresses that had guacamole and my attempt to treat the stain I have to go back tomorrow to pick up my dress shirts.  Hopefully they will turn out better."  you really can't go wrong with getting your clothes dry cleaned here! The staff was friendly  the bottom got absolutely trashed and I was not surprised to see the dreaded ""Sorry We Tried :("" tag hanging when I went to pick it up. I took the plastic off right in the dry cleaners to somberly assess the damage and the girl behind the counter asked if I wanted to send it through again and see what they can do. Why  which makes it hard to direct people here.  I have never had to wait in line...either to pick up or drop off.  Only suggestion....EVERYONE pays with debit cards these days...kinda awkward to go to a separate counter to run card  I have never waited longer than walking to register." I keep giving them chances and they continue to fail. All my husbands shirts are ALWAYS wrinkled and with stains on them. This shouldn't be the case because I'm paying for my clothes to be cleaned and ironed! I tried to address the issue the first time this happened and one of the girls there was really rude. I honestly don't plan on coming back ever. Really bad customer service and they don't do what a dry cleaner is suppose to do.  I'd bring that child here and drop that child off on the counter and trust that that child would be well cared for... That's how much I trust these bastards. They're the best of the best." The manager for this place should teach customer service classes. I have used this place for a year and always been wowed by the service (shame on me for never writing a review until now). Then Monday am act of kindness on top of a year of great service made me realize I owe it to them. My car battery died in front of the building and 2 of their staff members came outside to assist and make sure I was taken care of. Talk about going above and beyond. This was over the top. They are great everyday but that was giving 120%!!! "If you are going anywhere else - you are paying too much & not getting the service you deserve  coupons for their services are always in those annoying junk mail packets you get in your mail box... I literally open it up just to fish out that coupon and recycle the rest." Thank you - and keep up the great work!"  so I bring to Park Avenue.   They always have my garments ready when promised; one time they had miscounted and I had brought more than what I was charged for Cheap and fast dry cleaning. Laundered shirts are less than $2 each. They took care of some stains I had been trying to get rid of for a while. Watch the one-way street out front. I found this place after spending WAY too much on drycleaning. It's right near my house and they take good care of me. Prices are great and it's really nice to pre-pay and pop in to pick up my clothes. I highly recommend them!  helpful service and a quick turn around. There was a .50 cent debit charge but was waived off for being a first timer.  Pretty awesome  but I make the journey.  They do a great job and the owner is especially talented in getting stains out that I was not able to remove myself.  When I have a favorite item that is stained  you need to go to this establishment." Parking is easy and its always quick in and out." I have been searching for as long as I can remember for a good dry cleaner and finally I can end my search! Park Avenue Cleaners is the best. I trust them completely and recommend them highly!  and most importantly they never loose the cloths. I have been using them for years." I have been using these people for so many years that I really don't remember...maybe 30?  Nice place to do business with.  I worked in retail for many years.  Most of the major stores I worked in My favorite dry cleaning in the area. I live in Scottsdale but I make the drive back to my fave spot in Arcadia. My family and I both go here and we have never had any problems with our clothing. I tend to do same day pick up anywhere so my clothes aren't piled up with others and get creases being shoved in after days. I picked up my clothes here after 2 days because I forgot about it and they looked phenomenol. Perfectly steamed and they got a stain out of my blouse. Awesome dry cleaning and friendly staff that has been around for some time. Keep up the great job guys. "Great service!! They are the nicest people and run a wonderful business. This is by far the best dry cleaner I've found in the area. They really take care of my clothes and get out stains with ease. The turn around time is really quick too Solid work and honorable. Rare."  quick turnaround and quality job...what more could you want from a dry cleaner?  This will definitely be my go to dry cleaner moving forward."  etc. The belt is always with the coat and tagged separately so it has never been lost. The shirts are always laundered and pressed nicely. Staff is polite  one shirt. Said you're an hour late can't help you. That's just customer service."  one shirt. Said you're an hour late can't help you. That's just bad bad customer service."  they have been very communicative and or provided refunds/discounts. I just don't understand how any cleaners thinks it's a good thing to stick a safety pin though clothing... It creates holes and tears up shirts/sweaters."  trustworthy drycleaning service. This place is one of the best in the area. I drive about 15 minutes out of my way once a week to get my dryclean done here. Its quality work at a really good price. But most of all  not really willing to give me any consultation on how to treat my comforters for fear of me blaming her later on. I asked her then to explain the process which she reluctantly did. Also had a coupon that she was annoyed that I had. If this happens again MJFQJCbA71OO7ugFY4cb4Q Nice folks and they do a really good job.  Seriously!  They even held one of my shirts to get a deep stain out of it and the shirt looks great. This company will be hard to beat. "I had a friend borrow one of my favorite dresses and spilled stuff all over it. I contemplated just throwing it away Moved from Houston to North Scottsdale.  Terrified by the reviews of dry cleaners there.  Stories of shoddy service and over pricing.  I contemplated shipping my clothing back to Houston.  But thanks to Yelp I've found a perfect option. Great job and everything (almost) is $2.50!!  there was a line out the door and I was shocked at how quickly the line went! They have the dry cleaning experience down to a science! I will be back I've been a customer for a long time and the service is good. The prices are fair. When they ripped a jacket they made it right. I highly recommend I've tried a few dry cleaners in the area and this has become my go for the last few years. Staff is courteous prices are best anywhere around the Arcadia Biltmore area and service is fast. Parking is a little funky for that portion of the strip but life goes on. Ive taken ties comforters and other 1 off items each time done right no issues.  I work down the street and take my own dry cleaning to them. The same wonderful employees are still around Great staff. Decent prices (15 laundered shirts for $26.32). I don't like the 50 cent charge for using a credit card but I get it. Will report back in the condition of my shirts. I really liked the 10% discount from Yelp. I can't say enough about this cleaners. They're amazing. I had to have my huge king size comforter cleaned. It looks wonderful and the price was great. Most items are $2.50 for cleaning and pressing. And can be same day if needed and they get the items in time. The staff is always friendly and timley. Thank you Park ave. We will be back! "I don't do this often but I felt compelled to write something in the situation because of my positive experience with a place that I frequently use and experience is always good.   In my experience today  no matter what it is! Can't beat this place."  even though there are places I can go near my house which would save me the 20-minute trip. The prices are unbeatable (to the best of my knowledge) and everything at this place is always in order; always on time "Love this place-outstanding customer service-they are busy but they have plenty of staff there. You are in and out the door in minutes. They have affordable prices  I got a discount for signing up as a new customer to receive business offers via email. Both gals who greeted and assisted me at drop off and pick up were super sweet. The vibe of the place was all that.. Satisfactory guarantee with a smile.. It felt good." I will be returning as I am highly impressed with the level of customer service." We went to the Scottsdale location and dealt with the owner personally. I have never been treated so RUDELY. BEWARE of this place. They don't care if they ruin your clothes. See the longer review at the Scottsdale location. Cash only and there are ATM's nearby.  Can't beat the price or service! Definitely give it a try." "I am giving two stars because the work they do is great for the price.  I walked out the first time I went here because the young gal working interrupted my phone conversation and told me to go outside to finish my call.  It wasn't a subtle interruption They ruined an expensive jacket and refused to take responsibility for it. The owner was more concerned about freeing himself from liability than fixing their mistake. I'll never use them again. Avoid. This happened with the wedding dress as well."  the manager at this location has no idea what that means...smh...Another Delia's mgr is trying to help out. We'll see what happens :/ I'm not holding my breath."  but she placed a store credit on my account to be used the next time I go in. Based on my conversation with Kristina  who acts as if I am burdening her- I am informed that the check was mailed out a week ago and returned.  No one had contacted me to tell me this-but it made sense when she read back the incorrect address and then told me she couldn't put the check in my name since it was my husband's account.  All this information would have been great weeks ago.  Long story short I got my check today- dated 3/18 (almost a MONTH ago).  The check was in the amount of $30- HALF the value of the shirt but I have decided I would rather lose $30 than ever deal with those incompetent people again. I would highly advise Delia's get their business practices and customer service together or you are not going to be in business much longer."  as up until this recession thingy my life has been all about how to get life done while working a gazzillion hours. That said - I've been a Suntown regular for 9 years (anything that CAN be dry cleaned DOES get dry cleaned) with overall consistently good results. The husband has had a few buttons ruined and a couple times had an errant staple in his shirt (???) Don't even think about going here unless you enjoy rude customer service and bad work. VnOtsJ2514YIAd0fM2O8oQ "Not that impressed.  Maybe I should have read other reviews from Google (http://maps.google.com/maps/place?hl=en&safe=strict&um=1&ie=UTF-8&q=suntown&fb=1&gl=us&hq=suntown&cid=9747720966802647969)  Regardless Great place I guess if you don't expect much and have traditional dress shirts." Spending another dollar for a nice experience is worth it." "Ditto on the rudeness.  Perfect from William B in another review: ""Girl at counter.  Real harsh and angry.  probably not the best choice for any business.""  Oh my goodness....with the eye rolling and sighing!!!  She had to credit me my PREPAYMENT back (no other cleaner does that) so I could gather my garments back and take them elsewhere."  I told the woman I will take my business elsewhere. She got snappy and started lecturing me again. She claimed to be the owner/manager. I think she is full of c***. This place is gross inside "I've been here in the past few weeks and still get great service. They now want advance pay  services and fast services. I can take my items before I get to work and pick them up once I get off. They offer same day service for $3.00 per item. I have even taken some upscale dress wear that I wore at fancy parties and weddings. The cost was slightly more because the items were delicate but I did not loose a sequin. Even though they are not responsible if one is lost I still have yet to have had one missing. I leave there feeling like a pricness..." "I must admit  at first I was pleased with my dress shirts. But that ended with the first sign of a problem. I took a skirt for my wife to be cleaned. It came back with the hem completely pulled out. I went back and I was told that ""Hems Fall Out Sometimes"". She said she would take care of it. So when going back to pick up the evening employee says that will be $15. I am told to  the speak to the manager if I don't like it. Well it went downhill from there. She said that ""Hems Fall Out Sometimes"" and the charge stands. I am fair minded and offered to split the difference. NOPE!!! I am stunned that the owner/manager would let an established customer leave over$7.50. Glad I know now over a skirt instead of a $500 business suit. I am out and will NEVER EVER do business there again. In a crisis  I guess the guy who's in charge doesn't remove the lint often and this place is almost always closed. The only reason I keep coming is because there's no other laundromats around this area."  including regular no brain dusting jobs she would rather complain on the phone and police our coming and going. Shes the worst and made me want to have a panic attack. Like i wanted to be there in the first place."  bad...gross and dirty. The people using it were sketchy and there are remnants of vagrants living and having sex behind the dumpster. Half of the machines were out of order "So here is the thing...I drop off my work clothes for dry cleaning. When I pick them up and put them on the next day they look good and feel good! (Not to mention at the end of the year I save my receipts for my accountant to deduct the expense!) when I drop off my clothes maybe I'm not greeted with open arms but none the less very nice! Also when I use my credit/debit card sure there is an extra charge/fee to do so but I understand why they are doing that they are having customers pay for the convenience of using that service. Do I believe that a business should have the customer pay the fee for the service  as they give pretty accurate pickup times for the next day no matter the item/s you are dropping off. As mentioned I have been going to this dry cleaner for years and have referred family and friends time and time again. Go check them out and see the great quality you receive for a minimal price."  with peeling paint -- kinda like their honor." I could take them back but this is pretty standard and total blatant disregard for doing a job right. Not going back."  but they often mischarge me...rather Our comforter was all pretty & clean & folded nicely in a plastic bag. It's black so there were still some fuzzies on it but with black that's hard to avoid. I might get it dry cleaned next time to see if there's a major difference "I am here twice a week to drop off work clothes. They are always quick and friendly  and gave it back to me like that!)  They then proceeded to tell me that they don't have any chemicals there that could burn through a dress like that- it must have been my sweat!  We have tried and tried to have clothes done there because the prices are cheap Very good dry cleaners.  I took my polo there and they were able to remove all the stains!  Since then I've been taking my dress shirts to them continuously.  I like that they have my dress shirts cleaned and pressed by 4 P.M. the next business day.  but I never got anything back that was clean or pressed enough to wear.  Now they have ruined 2 pairs of my pants and refuse to take responsibility for them.  Awful people!!!  Run the other direction!!" Great service. Great people. What else can you ask for?! I recommend this cleaners to everybody! Always quick & do a great job cleaning & pressing the clothes. Prices are also very reasonable & the people are always nice & very friendly. Awesome dry cleaner.  Never had a problem with them and have been going there for almost two years.  poor quality. Will not be back." I'm sure that they are not able to get out every single stain. The reviewers who seem to think this is unacceptable clearly haven't been around around too long. By the way "They are lucky leaving 0 stars is not an option. This place ruined my DRY cleaning. I need to emphasize DRY because they washed the items i brought to them.. not only did they wash my items.. which are now color stained and washed out in areas.. they also creased (pic attached) items that clearly have a NO CREASE tag... with sooooooo much starch the pant legs were literally glued together. I have never had my things ruined or had such a piss poor job done on my dry cleaning before. Im a little shocked still.. when people drop things off and entrust a business with their personal items "I like this establishment.  They are the 8th dry cleaners I have dealt with and I seem to able to stop looking.  They do very good work and I am always in and out quickly.  The staff is pretty cool too.  I am bit critical because before coming to AZ I have never signed away the right of recourse in reference to the potential of my items being damage Moving on to another local cleaners for my $30/week in dry cleaning" HORRIBLE!!! The guy I dealt with seemed very lazy. Several stains didn't come out and the creases look like crap. I could have done better to wash them myself and iron everything.  if you need your clothes the same Day they go above And beyond to take care of you." I needed my graduation gown and dress by the next day and they did an excellent job! Very dependable! "They do a great job with my professional attire. I work at a bank  I called them since they had done such a great job in the past with my here and there stuff. The guy that answered was super nice. He told me they would take care of me and not to worry. The rush fee was extremely reasonable and their prices can't be beat. I have brought a bridesmaid dress I'll certainly be back in the future for my dry cleaning needs."  since moving to the north valley. Always get great service and a fair price. I've never had any issues with my clothes and they are always ready when promised. I would recommend them to anyone. They do accept credit and debit cards I've been coming here for years. They always do a great job on my husbands shirts. Line moves really fast. If you want excellent service in a timely manner this is the place! I recently brought some items in and there was an issue with the machine causing a delay.  They handled a difficult situation very well. I will definitely be bringing my dry cleaning here for a long time! CHECK IT OUT!! :)  Koala dry cleans shirts within 72 hours for a mere $1.95 and even suits are outerware are taken care of at a great bargani.  Open 7-7 M-F and 7-5 on Saturdays they fit my hours and the location is plently convenient while employees are friendly - pretty much all I need from a dry cleaner  and now a hole in the collar because she claims she accidentally laundered the shirt and acted like it was no big deal.   I complained to the owner and all she said was she'd give me $10 credit "Not happy with this cleaner at all. Prices are outrageous and everything comes back looking minimally better then when it left. I brought in a comforter and for $40 it came back looking exactly the same. A shirt and dress cost $15.00 and it isn't even pressed plus the shirt has is discoloration at the neckline. No quality "Crappy Cleaners. I was very disappointed with the way my clothes came back. The shirt with pleats looked like they put it in the dryer This has been my every day cleaners for a couple of years.  The ownership has changed in the last 8 months and they have updated their systems quite a bit.  I spend almost $80 a month on dry cleaning and I have never had a problem here.  I see no reason to pay $3-$4 a garment with the amount of clothes I'm running through a dry cleaner each month.  The staff is polite and knows me by name.  I would recommend. I took four tops and four pairs of pants. The pants were creased well. They have installed a computer system to provide a professional ticket. Easy to read tickets. My clothes were ready the next business day by 9 am. They do accept debit cards with a $.50 fee. I will return.  no problem.  That hasn't happened in a long time.  A couple of times they couldn't  get a stain out that came out at home in the washing machine but that only happens a handful of times.  Also  he hands off like a bazillion shirts he needs by Friday. He needs medium starch and laundered crisp... WOW! I thought I was high maintenance.. He refused to let me pop them into my cleaners near Biltmore.. Okay.. I love this place.. they are nice.. friendly and swift.. Best thing yet.. NOT having to leave your car to get your cleaning on the day of pick up.. theres a drive thru..swift again.. Reminds me of DC! I love it.. running to Biltmore to collect my cleaning now..NM! That's a long drive for cleaning !"  only one pair was ready for pick up.  The pants that needed to be hemmed were not done as I had requested. On one of the pants that was going to have the zipper replaced I would definitely go there again for my dry cleaning." I'm new to the area.  They were nice and the drive through window is convenient.  However- they are terribly expensive!!  And I just relocated here from the East coast.  This was ridiculous.  Every garment has it's own price- and women's blouses are more expensive to clean than men's.  And they only accept Mastercard and Visa unless you pay for the monthly service.  Very shocked at the bill when I went to collect my clothes.  Where are the flat rate cleaners???  his attitude was lousy....he could care less that he was about to loose a loyal customer. I would suggest you bring your business elsewhere. This is a sleazy operation. The woman at the front just sort of shrugged her shoulders." Sally is the best.  She is a very gifted seamstress and has helped me save many o outfits.  & the work they offer is high quality. The staff is also very helpful & friendly. My experience has been very positive." The pricing is appropriate and everything I have done is quality. I definitely recommend to anyone in the north central area." "I have been using them for almost 15 years they have lost my business for good.  Ever since the new ownership the quality has gone downhill and the price has gone up.  They have burned one of my shirts m  shirts and ties came out looking better than new! Our family has been going here for years and will continue to do so. Thank you!"  it was ready at 4:10pm even though their doors were closed. They absolutely do not normally provide this ""emergency dry cleaning service"" on a daily basis however they took my situation into consideration and helped us out durning that tragic time. Best part DO NOT GO HERE. For the second time dropped off laundry and asked if the shirts would be $1.75 per their advertising. I was told they would be the $1.75. They charged me 4.50 a shirt. No phone call to inform me. Just charged me the $9.00 instead of the $3.50. This happened before and when it did they gave me a credit. But when I came back their was no credit. He offered no apology. I told him he needs to train his people to answer honestly. Horrible customer service. I WILL NEVER USE THEM AND URGE YOU NOT TO. Classic bait and switch. ZERO STARS. Next to a Goodwill for extra shopping as your clothes dry."  or cash going into the machines. Bring cash. They have tvs up also if you get bored. In a good area. I would come here again. Hopefully I don't need to though. Let's get that washer fixed!" Okay for what it is. I like that they have different size washers and dryers so that I can wash my king size comforter that didn't fit in my washer at home. terrible!!!! rude and expensive. stay away! it doesn't get any worse. while with friendly staff. There is new ownership and I believe the store is being changed to Tiffany Cleaners." Very dissappointed. Won't come back" "Took my  custom drapes to Tiffany cleaners to be dry cleaned. When I dropped them off They asked me  if there was a dry cleaning tag on them...I told them since they were custom made there was no tag.   When I picked them up + brought them home they had shrunk 6-8 inches .  I took them back + they said they Didnt know know what happened but would try to stretch them back to original length. Picked them up a second time and was still 6-8 inches short .  Took them back again  they are a darn good cleaners.  Conveniently located next to Checker/O'Reilly Auto Parts in the shopping center at 40th and Thunderbird.  They are right across the street from Fry's Food and Drugs They are affordable and really quick. Had my stuff in at 11 and it was ready by 4 even though they were pretty busy! Can't really complain about that!"  and I even got a phone call thanking me for trying their service and gave me a coupon to use for next time. Now that's customer service ya'all! Only drawback is that I was hoping the do alterations which they dont I will definitely be back when I have the appropriate clothes that need some lovin'!"  but I tend to get very frustrated when other dry cleaners are open 8:00am to 5:00pm and expect me to come drop off/pick up on my lunch hour. The 7:00am to 7:00pm hours offer me plenty of time to conveniently drop off my items before work and pick up after work on the same day at no extra charge! The staff are always very welcoming  I've decided to go somewhere else because I had a pair of slacks ripped and a button torn off by Malibu." "For 15 years I'vd been a customer of malibu cleaners.  The best in Dry Cleaning and wished they were in the state I'm moving too!  Price Professional service and good price  although the chemical smell is overwhelming like most dry cleaners.  I like to get in and out of there.  Pricing is great and I never have any issues." Friendly service and great price.  Been going here for 5 years and never had any problems. I have used this cleaner for years. The price is fair and the service is fast. I had a gourment ripped one time and they paid for it. Honest people. Affordable & they do a great job!  Also like that I get a bit of a discount when I check-in. This place has been here forever and does a great job.  their prices are more reasonable than anyone else in the area and the staff has always been polite and professional.   I highly recommend it If your office or home is within a couple miles of Malibu - there should be no other place to trust your garments." This is a wonderful dry cleaner. They are really inexpensive and they do a great job; my clothes never have that chemical smell that some of the places have afterward.  but  the  stains on several items were still present. I told them that  they  should  not charge  me for the  items they  didn't clean.  And the  woman tells me  that  they "" don't guarantee  stain removal""... ....um what?  So  why are you in the  dry cleaning  business? ? I didn't want to bother with them Thank you to Malibu Cleaners for being an honest business that values its customers! I will tell all my friends and family to use you." but they couldn't get rid of the wrinkles"" ...... Ok... No seriously.... Why are you in the dry cleaning business?? Can't get the stains out Great service with a great price. I always have my clothes dry cleaned here.  If there is something last minute they always  have helped me out.  very quick service. Prices are great! I will continue to use them."  and have some of the most competitive prices too. Would certainly recommend them."  nicer items I take elsewhere because these folks don't accept all items like leather trim or special buttons.  Great deal on comforters too I think right now it is only $25 on special days.  Try them out!  It's all pre-pay and if you sign up you get email coupons." I didn't expect  miracles in customer service but I did expect to be waited on in order.   Bizarre system they are running at Malibu."  but I don't understand how a business can not make a horrible  they could try to smile more but oh well the clothes was completed on time and right"  I am thoroughly unimpressed with this ""professional"" cleaners. I'm just glad I never had anything lost by them like some of the other reviewers here."  y cualquier otra persona que echaba de menos: Usted sabe cmo tomar gran cuidado si sus clientes. Realmente usted y por aguantar mis locuras  as with most people we like a good deal but we aren't willing to sacrifice quality.  We'd rather pay a little more for excellent quality and customers service than to save a few bucks.  Needless to say $79 for 10 shirts and a suit! WOW that's what I get for trying to support my local business!  RIP OFF ALERT!  one of the hooks on the front flap had been torn off and the flap was ripped beyond repair.  I brought the pants back the next day they apologized and then denied responsibility.  They said  Pat's on greenway and Tatum have ruined a few articles of clothing. The first was a new white shirt that had come back with black grease all over the bottom of the shirt. Its the kind of grease that looks like the stuff you would use on a machine to lube the working parts. The second garment was a Tommy Bahama silk shirt. Again with the grease Their service is quick and efficient. They will even russ an item without an extra charge" I have recommended them to my neighbors and they have been very happy with their excellent service. I look forward to bringing all of my dry cleaning to them in the future!"  they didnt know why it wasn't with the rest of my clothes. The lady at the front desk told me to return in a couple of days. I went back in 5 days - to give them enough time to locate it. When i went back the same lady (Julie) told me that there was a tear (or something of the sort) and that their seamstress would fix it. She asked me to return the next day. By now I was beginning to wise up; I didnt go the next day and merely called - she picked up the phone and guess what? She told me the seamstress hadn't fixed it yet and it would be ready the next day!! She gave me a 25% off my bill but I'm 2 weeks in and still missing a Talbots blouse! I called the manager (Michael) and he basically sounded like a telemarketing representative 'Ma'am I'm sorry but it will be ready tomorrow' over and over again. Rest assured Do not trust this store."  my stuff looks great!"  came back on hangars and the pleats on the bed skirt were even clipped with plastic pins to keep them in place.  I will definitely go back!" Great job keeping me clean! Been using this place for years now. Always on time and friendly when I drop my stuff off! Keep up the good work! "These folks are the best!  They deliver the clothing as promised every time and their process never destroys my dress clothes.  They never lose anything and are judicious about returning any item I leave in my shirt or jacket pockets.  We take everything there ... polo shirts Thank you to the man working 11/8/12 . Thank you for  to helping me get the laundry basketa in my bexhill." Came here to use commercial washers for my comforters. Place is kept very clean and their staff is very helpful and helped me choose the right machines that I needed. The machines seem a little old but didn't have any problems with them. A+ staff!  $150 Jennifer Lopez bedspread had thread that where pulled all over the front. It is completely ruined. I told the woman behind the counter. She asked me if I laundered it correctly. This is rocket science! Perm press of course. Her response was sorry. I will not return. It's cheaper to throw the comforters away and buy a new one at that rate."  really. The washers are half off from 2300 to 0700. That's what drew me in. It helps that the caretakers take excellent care of the laundromat "Been using the Dutch Girls dry cleaning and sewing services for a few years now and they have never let me down!  Personal  so took the pants back to fix the issue and was charged an additional $7.50 for the repair!!  I called to complain and was told ""Sorry"" that is the way we charge for tailoring service......unacceptable!"  the quality at the laundry at Thunderbird and 40th Street has come up substantially and they're much cheaper so I don't see a reason to go back to Dutch Girls."  and clean  what else do you want?" "I have been going to this Dry Cleaner on and off for like 20 years. I have always loved going to them in the past because they do a nice job. Now  while still charging me. Stupid me for not checking them before paying and going home. I don't trust them to fix it so I took them elsewhere. WILL NOT BE GOING BACK." Do not go here!!! They ruined my mattress pad that I have previously gotten dry cleaned at another cleaners no problem. It was shrunk and holes in it! I took it to the manager and he said oh yes we have problems with this manufacturer. A bunch of bull!!!! If you want your stuff ruined go here. DON'T TRUST THIS PLACE!!!!!! We trusted them because we had been going to them for a few year. So we did not ask them about the price when we dropped off the jacket. That really made us pay for it big time. They charged $50 dollars to clean a little spot on one sleeve of my jacket. We never had a bad experience like this before. I guess that would be our last. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!! OVER PRICED AND HORRIBLE SERVICE!!" "I will be using this place from now on.  I am a working professional and I commute early in the morning to workout in Scottsdale at my gym to avoid the 9am traffic.  Once I was done with my exercise 