Very poor customer service in the contact lens department. Rude front desk staff. Will  not go back.  they will take good care of you!" The doctors that work here and the staff joke around with the kids and make them relaxed and try to relieve any anxiety that they might have.  They have a great bed side manner about them." The building is very clean and nice and all of the facilities (at least in Audiology) were new and state-of-the-art." THIS PLACE WAS AWFUL TO ME. I came in to get a scar on my nose fixed and the doctor told me he would take care of it but needed to do another surgery first. He screwed up the major surgery and I had to come in for a second surgery that I had to pay for. My scar ended up being WORSE than before I even came to them for help. They did NOTHING to correct this. Terrible. Really pleased with my experience here.  My doc is extremely helpful and nice and the staff and nurses are great as well!  the doctor finally saw me and he tells me I have hearing loss. He looks into my aching ear and bluntly tells me I have no infection but rather TMJ which really  was very disappointing.  The appointment was for my Mother who was previously told she could undergo a specific eye surgery and then upon arriving and pre-op review  travel with ease... its a miracle :)" Dr. Hoover is very personable and knowledgable and his staff members are very nice. The wait time is really challenging for a toddler...an hour past appointment time. I know wait time comes with specialists but this was a bit much. I plan on returning for a follow up with my daughter and have high hopes that it was just an off day. Billing sucks. We have been over paying for hearing aids for our daughter.  She got them in 2009 and both our insurance company and myself have paid more than the cost of the hearing aids and I just found out that they filed a collection. Noone at Ceenta can explain  the bill. We looking for a new Dr.  because they didn't think there was anything they could do to help. My frustration is that I waited a week for an appointment that was scheduled with the wrong doctor with a possibly serious medical condition for which I will now have to wait even longer to be seen for. When it comes to something which has already caused me so much anxiety and my desperate need for some answers My appointment was at 9. It's now 10 and I'm still waiting.  :-   everyone around me was here when I got here and are still waiting as well...  I would not return based on the lack or respect for my time.  When I finally got to see the dr at 10:30 she spent all of 4 minutes on me.  because they didn't think there was anything they could do to help. My frustration is that I waited a week for an appointment that was scheduled with the WRONG doctor with a possibly serious medical condition for which I will now have to wait even longer to be seen for. When it comes to something which has already caused me so much anxiety and my desperate need for some answers  and intense stomach pain. Now I am $100 plus down the drain from something that could have been prevented if I was given that simple information or a freaking laxative DAY 1. The nurse at the hospital told me I wasn't the only patient from there that has come to the hospital with the same exact symptoms due to the lack of information to the patient.THEY ARE MONEY HUNGRY!! THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT THE PATIENT.THEY CHARGED ME ANOTHER CO PAY FOR MY CT RESULTS! and another $25 to sign my Disability PAPERWORK. ( When they told me before if I filed it myself I wouldn't have to pay)  ARE YOU SERIOUS?!" Went back to CEENTA and they refused to refund my money. That is stealing!" Waited for 35 mins past appointment time. No respect for patients time. And still waiting. I gave these guys a one because I can't go below. Dr. Lovejoy promise to fix my nose with a septoplasty. My insurance was billed $28000 whereas the common cost of the procedure usually runs up to about six thousand. I am not pleased with the outcome as I continue to have nose bleeds and he keeps saying that it's normal after an entire year of surgery. The guy doesn't know what he is doing. I come here to get my annual eye exam and staff is so wonderful and helpful. I love all the convenient locations that they have. The selection of glasses to choose from is average but I always find a pair that I like. I would recommend making an appointment in a week or two advance because they fill up quickly. I saw Dr Lykin and thought he was very professional. He'll take the extra time needed to answer any questions and he's very friendly. He took the time to checkup on me at the hospital the day after the surgery. The scar after my surgery was very small and other medical professionals have commented on how good it looks. The office does offer forms on their website that you can fill out prior to your visit which is great way to save time. The biggest surprise was the refund I received because I was overcharged for my surgery. The office probably could have kept the amount which was over $100 and I wouldn't have known. So I think their name is fitting.  suppose to have surgery in two days and I canceled both!   The office insisted that I had to pay before the surgery (to the tune of $35)...but they hadn't billed for the kids last appointment.  If they had we would be at our deductible and owe NOTHING!  The lady argued with me about it...I was so upset Complete rip off. They should be ashamed It's too soon to tell how successful this will be in addressing the chronic issues I've been having but all in all  only their wallets.  Take your business and hard earned cash somewhere else.  I know I will." Office staff sucks! The pdf online was not even fillable and the lady behind the desk tried to argue with me about it. They want you to come in every time just so that they can get paid by the insurance company and the rip-off copay of $40. to be in and out in 5 minutes. Also they had the nerve to invite a student doctor without asking me in advance. Stay away from this place.  my son was a good candidate and that I could order the $200+ treatment for 3 months (not covered by insurance) and pay with my credit card over the phone. I did call back (at least twice) to order the treatment and was told I would get another call to pick-up the treatment. My credit card was promptly charged e0B-vLvKxGiGV_pTT7vwcg  I thought Dr. Bailey was good based on my brief encounter with him (which is why I'm willing to give this place a 2nd star). However  the pain in my throat is far worse than the painful tonsillitis I suffered from prior to the surgery.  When I went back and told the doctor about my pain  they asked me to arrive 15 minutes early. I did. It is now 54 minutes past my appointment time and still waiting to be seen. Hopefully He was highly recommended by my doctor but too much hassle and too far for me to drive."  I made 2 phone calls to the office manager and she has yet to return the phone calls. I suppose they are only at their jobs to collect their paychecks as they run the Doctors business with potential patients into the ground. I would not recommend going to this office only because of the lazy office staff. I feel sorry for the doctors that will and have lost patients due to the carelessness of employees." SO MANY MISTAKES!!!  Stay away from this place and it's doctors!  Don't risk your health and well being! I was referred to Dr. Lykins by my dentist for a parotidectomy.  I had seen another Doctor prior and wanted to get a second opinion.  I appreciated the professionalism; the time taken to explain the surgery to me and the follow through after the surgery.  The only negative was the difficulty scheduling an appointment.  I had some concerns about a week and a half after surgery.  I felt like I needed to come into the office or at least have Dr. Lykins call.  I started calling at 8am on a Friday and called 3 more times that day.  No return call until 5pm that night.  I was told I would need to come in Monday at 8am or it would be another week before I could get an appointment.  I ended up going to the Monday appointment but worried the whole weekend.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Lykins! I've tried other ENT's only to be disappointed and see no results for my issue. Within 15 min of visiting with Dr. Lykins I felt I was in the right spot. He diagnosed my symptoms and had a plan by the second visit. I highly recommend Dr. Lykins. I went to several ENT's without relief before trying this one. I was diagnosed and provided options by my second visit. I no longer have the breathing problems I once had. On a side note I never had any issues with the staff.  the staff is not friendly and or attentive. The lack of customer service and willingness to work with you is what will prevent me from returning. They sent my statements to the incorrect address after I requested the address to be updated and never once called or emailed me regarding my bill simply decided to send it to collections." Bottom line;  if you need to see an ENT specialist and want to see a doctor that will actually listen and pay attention to you explaining your symptoms who is very kind and caring Extremely dissapointed doesn't begin to describe my feelings at this point." "Entergrety is a great place and the doctors there are always incredible. They are very hands on and they are always in contact with the patient to make sure that they are always understanding. The office staff has also gotten much better. Trisha on fancy furnishings and decor"  five months later I get an infection and find out I have very large stones in my salivary glands. I am so upset I have been living like this even though it could have been resolved months ago when I went to see him for this very issue. It was a waste of time and money and I would never recommend Dr. Dyer to anyone." Doctors gave a total bs diagnosis so they could basically charge a super expensive surgery. DO NOT USE THIS PLACE an appointment and was seen immediately with respect and not made to feel like an imposition. The results were even better than promised 